33
ESG: HR Development and Work-style Reforms Our Vision
As a company that solves the issues of local communities through our business operations, we focus on nurtur- ing personnel that possess expert knowledge and know-how. We recognize human resources to be the source of value we provide to society and we continually seek to enrich our workplaces so each and every employee can remain healthy and safe.
Key Themes
Fostering the corporate culture where diversified human resources can work comfortably.
SDG Targets
Target 5.5: Ensure women’s full and effective participation and equal opportunities for leadership at all levels of decision-mak- ing in political, economic and public life
Target 8.5: By 2030, achieve full and productive employment and decent work for all women and men, including for young peo- ple and persons with disabilities, and equal pay for work of equal value
   CategorySubcategory
Evaluation Indicator
FY March 2018
FY March 2019
FY March 2020
Target Value
Target Year
Note
HR DevelopmentIn-house recruitmentNumber (People)—36Number of successful transfersFree agent systemNumber (People)1598Number transferredRecommended training
Number (People)
458
215
72
Number who completed training through internal systemWork-style ReformsOvertime hoursAvg. no. of hours per month per person4.78.37.6Paid leaveTake-up rate (%)48.049.864.750.0
2022Telecommuting
Total number of days
747
1,747
10,285
Headquarters employees (introduced November 2017)DiversityFemale managers (section manager or higher)Ratio (%)2.31.42.9
5.0
2022Among section chief or higherChildcare leave (female)Take-up rate (%)100100100Among those who took leave before and after childbirthChildcare leave (male)
Take-up rate (%)
—
—
61.5
Employees who took 5 days or more of childcare leaveWorking shorter hours for childcareRatio (%)23.021.518.8Among female full-time employeesNo. of foreigners hiredRatio (%)1.31.21.4Among full-time employeesNo. of disabled persons hired
Ratio of disabled persons hired (%)
1.6
1.5
2.1
2.2
2019
Legally mandated rate: 2.2% > FY2021: 2.3%No. of employees re-em- ployed after retiring at 60Ratio (%)3.74.14.0Among total of full-time employees and re-employed employeesHealth ManagementPeriodic health examinationRatio undertaken (%)99.8100.0100.0Among those eligible for primary health examinationHealth management training
Number of meetings held (times)
—
9
9No. attended—5236Health management seminars
No. of times held
26
17
11
Clinical psychologists, etc.No. attended25427652Corporate Culture ReformsCEO dialogue sessionNo. of times held21106(Started in FY2016) Changed from mandatory participation in FY2018 to applicant-based system in FY2019.No. attended19211238Value award
No. received
—
104
165Excludes overlapping recipients, launched FY March 2019Basic DataTotal no. of full-time employeesTotal no. at end of FY1,021993999No. of males at end of FY
886
858
855No. of females at end of FY135135144Ratio of females at end of FY (%)
13.2
13.5
14.4
20.0
2022Only for AUTOBACS SEVEN Co., Ltd.
34
  Activities in Fiscal March 2020
1 Educational Training to Enhance Strength of Human Resources at AUTOBACS Chain Stores
  The AUTOBACS chain is enhancing its education and training systems in order to improve the value it provides to custom- ers. We have established a stratified education and training system for store employees, who operate closest to our cus- tomers. We offer a multitude of different group training ses- sions on topics such as leadership, sales skill improvement, and product knowledge. We combine these with e-learning and other initiatives like OJT at stores in an effort to deliver significant outcomes. We also strive to enhance the quality
2 Career Support
Based on the concept that “employees choose and build their own careers by themselves,” we have established an educational program to help individual employees clar- ify their own career paths through work, and have an edu- cation program in place to back this up.
Career rotations and skill enhancements
To ensure that employees gain a wide range of knowledge and experience, we conduct regular personnel transfers with a view toward job rotation, especially for younger employ- ees. We have also established an internal job posting and free agent system so that employees who meet certain conditions can apply to work in positions they desire. In addition, we offer specialist courses for employees who have diverse experi- ences and have established their preferences and aptitudes. In these ways, we support the development of careers that
3 Work-style Reforms
In addition to promoting the creation of a workplace where each and every employee can work safely and remain healthy, we are working to establish an environment in which our employees can feel enriched, fulfilled, and safe at work.
Supporting various working styles
In light of mounting societal demands to tackle issues, such as an ageing society, need for work-life balance, and globalization, we are implementing various initiatives to provide multiple work-style options to employees with
of in-store services by boosting staff knowledge, technical skills, and motivation, with an assessment system linked to our internal Group qualifications, such as Car Lifestyle Advisor and Car Lifestyle Consultant. In addition, we focus on training to help employees acquire public qualifications, including auto- mobile mechanic and automobile inspector, that will become key to our services in the future. We will work to steadily increase the number of qualified employees going forward.
match each employee’s abilities, aptitudes, and aspirations.
Personnel development program
In addition to in-house training, we have a “cafeteria plan” that offers around 160 courses, including correspondence courses from external organizations, as well as e-learning courses and public seminars. The purpose of the plan is to encourage employees’ voluntary career development efforts. Employees using the plan, which is positioned as a “system to support employees who work hard,” can receive monetary assistance with subsidies up to ¥100,000 per person per year. In addition, we have a full range of programs to encourage employees who are proactive in their self-development and skills development. For exam- ple, we provide rewards for those who have acquired offi- cial qualifications designated by the Company.
the goal of establishing an environment in which everyone can work energetically. Such options include telecommut- ing, satellite office-based work, staggered starting times to avoid peak-hour commuting, half-day paid leave, and shorter working hours for those with childcare and elder care commitments. We are also enhancing our ICT-based communication tools. Going forward, we will trial a flex- time system and a system that releases employees from single-employer assignments, with the aim of establishing more diverse work-style arrangements.
   Comments from the General Manager, Personnel Department Yumiko Sako, General Manager, Personnel Department
The Company has been proactive in supporting career development that matches the apti- tudes and abilities of individual employees and in transforming the way they work. During the COVID-19 crisis, for example, employees were forced to adopt workstyles they had never experienced before, with some prohibited from visiting their workplaces.
We see this as an opportunity and are keen to embrace new ways of working in the future. In the year under review, for instance, we established the Corporate Culture Reform Project to undertake reviews of operations and promote cross-divisional consideration of mechanisms for realizing new ways of working. We will also work to re-engineer our recruit- ing practices and education systems in our quest to become an organization that embraces individual diversity, continues to produce results through teamwork, and is able to create new markets with flexible ideas without fear of change.
 
35
ESG: HR Development and Work-style Reforms
   4 Promoting Diversity and Inclusion
Based on our belief that we cannot grow as a company without diversity, we are working to create comfortable working environments for both men and women.
A workplace where employees can keep work- ing after maternity and childcare leave
Our view is that “a company where women can work comfortably is a company where everyone can work comfortably.” Based on this view, we have created envi- ronments that are work-friendly, even for women expe- riencing major life events, such as marriage, childbirth, and childcare. As a result, our return-to-work rate for female employees after taking maternity and childcare leave is 100%. This is testament to our efforts to support
women’s careers and improve various personnel systems.
Encouraging men to childcare leave (work- style diversity initiative)
Although there is an uptrend in male employees taking childcare leave in Japan, the proportion remains low at just 6.16% of the male workforce, compared with 82.2% for women (according to a survey by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare).
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, the percent- age of the Company’s male employees who took one month or more of childcare leave was 7.69%, which is higher than the national average, and some employees are even taking childcare leave for longer than one year.
 Comment from Male Employee that Took Childcare Leave
Takuya Nishigaki (worker at A PIT AUTOBACS SHINONOME) Took childcare leave from April 2019
My wife, who works for the same company, was very keen to continue working in her department, which handles product development. So after consulting with both her parents and mine, we decided that I would take the childcare leave option.
I was concerned that my boss might be opposed to my taking a whole year for childcare leave, but he readily agreed and supported me.
At first I was confused because everything was new to me and I couldn’t communicate well with my child. Now I’ve gotten used to it and I’m feeling more comfortable. I’m enjoying this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Having experienced firsthand the difficul- ties of balancing childcare and work, I understand the needs of people in similar situations. So I believe that I can help the Company create more worker-friendly environments in the future.
In Japan, it is still considered unusual for men to take childcare leave, but in our rapidly changing soci- ety, an environment that allows everyone to work flexibly is essential for a company to achieve more
Creating a workplace full of diversity
The Company’s policy is that all people have the right to work equally, regardless of their nationality. Under this pol- icy, we use the same recruiting standards to select peo- ple regardless of their nationality. Accordingly, we have welcomed a number of foreign nationals to the Company, including both new graduates and mid-career hires.
In the globally expanding businesses of the AUTOBACS Group, there are more and more opportunities for foreign employees, both in Japan and overseas.
As part of our hiring of disabled persons, we are also working hard to create an environment in which people with disabilities can find it easy to work by establishing a system that offers a choice of flexible working styles.
sustainable growth. I hope to encourage men who are think- ing about taking child- care leave to go ahead and take it, so that we can become a com- pany that is known for offering childcare leave for men as a matter of course, and hope- fully this will spread throughout society.
Male employees taking leave or child-rearing purposes (Fiscal year ended March 2020 result)
   Target number
  25 persons
   Those who took 5 days of leave for child-rearing purposes
16 persons
Uptake rate: 61.5%
 (Including) those who took leave for 1 month or longer
 2 persons
 Uptake rate: 7.7%
  
36 5 Health Initiatives
Since its founding, the Company has worked to enhance the “physical and mental health of employees,” identi- fied as one of its three pillars of management. In order to realize our vision for the future, we must be a bright, energetic, and vibrant organization. Going forward, we will continue contributing broadly to society by raising employee awareness about the health of both “mind” and “body” and powerfully promoting “health management.”
Autobacs Seven Health Management >
https://www.autobacs.co.jp/en/company/healthycompany.html
External recognition
In fiscal 2019, the Company was again evaluated highly by external organizations for its initiatives related to the mental and physical health of employees. For example, we received the highest rank under the DBJ Employees’ Health Management Rating, and we were certified as a 2020 Health and Productivity Management Organization.
Health management support system spearheaded by the Health Management Promotion Committee
The Group established the Health Management Promotion Committee to spearhead its health management initia- tives. The committee supports the activities of the Group’s in-house health management promotion organization—con- sisting of health insurance union, labor union, and mutual aid association representatives—by examining specific mea- sures to promote the health of employees. The in-house health management promotion organization also has a resi- dent public health nurse who, together with an occupational physician and clinical psychologist, provides health counsel- ing and support for improving lifestyle habits, including men- tal health. In addition, the Health Management Promotion Committee seeks to create healthy and safe work environ- ments. In addition to priority issues related to health man- agement, it examines occupational safety and health issues, such as the need to reduce overtime work and the risk of workplace accidents, and it communicates information on its activities throughout the Company via the Safety and Health Committee. We are confident that this initiative will help increase the vitality of our entire organization and lead to improvements in corporate value.
We are pursuing six health management initiatives.
All employees of the AUTOBACS Group are working together to address the issues listed below. These activities reflect our effort to build an organizational culture in which everyone understands that the health of each individual
employee is key to creating corporate value, and also sym- bolize our commitment to benefiting society in general.
1. Anti-smoking: With the goal of reducing the smok-
ing rate among employees to 32%, we are encourag- ing workers to quit smoking and taking measures to prevent health hazards caused by passive smoking. The Company is also a member of the No Smoking Promotion Business Consortium, established jointly by the Tokyo Medical Association and the Japan Cancer Society. The consortium consists mainly of companies with headquarters and offices in Tokyo.
2. Lifestyle-related diseases: We are working to prevent the onset and aggravation of lifestyle-related diseases with the goal of reducing the percentage of employees with high health risks to 30% or less.
3. Cancer: By increasing the rate of screening and consul- tation among employees, we support the early detec- tion and treatment of cancer. We are also working to help affected workers remain in employment while getting treatment.
4.Mental health: Committed to helping all employ- ees perform at their best in an energetic and healthy manner, we are working to reduce the percentage of employees with high stress to 10% or less and those taking leave due to mental health problems to 1% or less. Specifically, we promote self-care, line-based care, care by in-house occupational health staff, and care utilizing external services.
5.Health-related issues specific to women: We are working to improve work environments and support measures to help female employees spend healthy, cheerful, fulfilling lives with independence.
6. Workplaces that promote “health management”: We are working to establish environments and structures to instill “health management” initiatives in the workplace.
Specific initiatives
• Participation in No Smoking Promotion Business Consortium
• Health management training to improve lifestyles
• Meal improvement programs: “Office Okan” and
“OFFICE DE YASAI”
•Mental health care and health consultations by
occupational physicians
•Various health-related forums tailored to employee
needs, such as seminars for those want to start exer- cising and those who want to learn about breast cancer
      Stretch-ball seminar in the office
Office Okan OFFICE DE YASAI