ESG: Community and Society Our Vision
We see cars as more than just a form of transport; they support the affluent lifestyles of people and serve as their partner providing fulfillment. Car-centric lifestyles will continue to generate safe, secure, and fun situations for everyone.
Key Themes
Contributing to safe and secure social infrastructure and aiding the development of the next generation
SDG Targets
 Target 3.6: By 2020, halve the number of global deaths and injuries from road traf- fic accidents
Target 11.3: By 2030, enhance inclusive and sustainable urbanization and capac- ity for participatory, integrated and sus- tainable human settlement planning and management in all countries
Activities in Fiscal March 2020
Community Safety and Security
Target 4.7: By 2030, ensure that all learners acquire the knowledge and skills needed to promote sustainable development, including, among others, through education for sus- tainable development and sustainable lifestyles, human rights, gender equality, promo- tion of a culture of peace and non-violence, global citizenship and appreciation of cultural diversity and of culture’s contribution to sustainable development
Target 17.17: Encourage and promote effective public, public-private and civil society partnerships, building on the experience and resourcing strategies of partnerships
      1
Assisting safe driving through our products
We developed and launched
a sudden acceleration pre-
vention device aimed at pre-
venting accidents caused
by drivers who are elderly
or not used to driving and
mistake the accelerator for
the brake. In some regions, we also provide traffic safety training in cooperation with local governments and the police.
Monitoring AI robot: ZUKKU
We provide unobtrusive
monitoring for the elderly
through ZUKKU, an owl-
shaped mini-robot that
utilizes AI to conduct
natural conversations.
Equipped with interactive
functionality and motion sensors, ZUKKU watches over the daily activities of people’s loved ones by analyzing the frequency of conversations and certain keywords, then transmits information about the physical condition of the subject to the PCs or smartphones of family members in distant locations.
Distribution of recycled road safety reflectors to around 7,000 children
From October 2017 to
March 2020, we collected
empty car freshener
products at AUTOBACS
stores for recycling into
road safety reflectors.
We donated the reflec-
tors to around 7,000 elementary and daycare school chil- dren through our stores nationwide.
Driving assistance system for safe driving even in dense fog
We conducted a field test
in Oita Prefecture aimed at
establishing Japan’s first
5G-based driving assis-
tance system to enable
safe driving even in dense
fog. In Oita Prefecture,
express buses are the
main means of transportation between Oita Airport and Oita City, and they often encounter dense fog around the Hiji Junction at the midpoint of the journey. Our aim is to establish a driving assistance system allowing safe driv- ing on highways affected by dense fog.
    
40 2 Supporting Development of the Next Generation Children
Communicating the appeal of motorsports and the challenge to the dreams to children
In fiscal March 2020, in coop-
eration between the Com-
pany and ARTA (AUTOBACS
RACING TEAM AGURI),
a team driver and engineer
visited elementary schools in
Suzuka, Mie Prefecture and Haga, Tochigi Prefecture to talk about the joys, rigors, and importance of holding a dream. These interactions not only stimulate an interest in motor- sports and racing cars, but they also aim to spark the first step towards realizing future dreams of children and students.
Classroom support at
Oita Prefectural High School
In December 2019,
we signed a “Compre-
hensive Collaborative
Agreement on Com-
munity Activation” with the Oita Prefectural Government. As part of this effort, we opened a laboratory on the cam- pus of the Oita Prefectural Information Science High School in May 2020. Our employees are permanently stationed at the lab to support classes aimed at resolving regional issues through industry-academic-government collaboration.
The lab provides students with the opportunity to experience our IoT-based monitoring robots and driving assistance services, and to come into contact with the lat- est technologies.
Kodomobacs: A fun way to interact with cars and develop a view of occupation Our in-store event
“Kodomobacs” gives chil-
dren the chance to try their
hand at a number of activ-
ities, including a working
experience at service bays
where they get to wear
AUTOBACS overalls and
change a car tire, taking sou-
venir photographs wearing a car racing suit, and decorating cars with drawings. The purpose of this event is to have chil- dren interact with our employees to cultivate a view of occu- pation, and also have them experience the appeal of making a living together with cars, the wonderful life partner.
AUTOBACS pavilion at KidZania
As an official sponsor
of KidZania, a small city
where kids can have fun
role-playing jobs and learn-
ing about how society
works, AUTOBACS runs
Car Lifestyle Support Cen-
ter pavilions at both Kid-
Zania Tokyo and KidZania
Koshien. Through their experiences at our pavilions, our goal is to have kids learn how fun it is to work with cars, gain an understanding of car safety and mechanisms, and contribute to a safe motorized society in the future.
     3
Community Support for Natural Disasters
Initiatives to support victims of torrential rains in August 2019 and typhoons (No. 15 and No. 19)
Free rental support for car-sharing service
We donated 17 vehicles
to the Japan Car Sharing
Association in order to
give disaster-affected
people and local volunteer
groups a free-of-change
means of transportation.
We also serviced and replaced the tires of those cars with winter tires at AUTOBACS stores to ensure ongoing vehi- cle safety.
Employee-matching fundraising donations
Immediately after the disasters, we distributed food at local evacuation centers. We also made donations to AAR Japan, a non-governmental organization (NGO) that provides supplies to welfare facilities for the elderly, spe- cial-needs schools, and other organizations without easy access to support. This was in the form of matching dona- tions, where the Company agreed to match any donations collected from employees.
Car maintenance consultation service
We set up a consultation service for customers who needed to main- tain their vehicles after the natural disasters and sought advice on a wide range of problems.