         SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
     
Challenges
&
Initiatives

 Since fiscal year ended March 2018 (fiscal year 2018), the SEGA SAMMY Group has been advancing measures in accordance with the Road to 2020 medium-term management strategy. In fiscal year ended March 2019 (fiscal year 2019), the second year of the strategy, the Group recorded results below initial targets for the second consecutive fiscal year. As for fiscal year ending March 2020 (fiscal year 2020), the strategy’s final fiscal year, we do not expect to reach performance targets, which were an operating income margin of at least 15% and ROA of at least 5%.
The aim of INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 is to explain to stakeholders the challenges that emerged while pursuing Road to 2020 and the initiatives we are taking in response.
Rapidly and unwaveringly, we will implement initiatives to overcome challenges identified in light of feedback from shareholders, investors, and other stakeholders.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 1

Introduction
Cultural Inheritance Innovative DNA
This was the birthplace of milestone innovations.
The headquarters of SEGA shortly after its foundation
  A Host of World and Industry Firsts
In 1960, we brought to market the first made-in-Japan jukebox, SEGA 1000. The product name was based on an abbreviation of the company’s name at the time: Service Games Japan. Moreover, this is the origin of the company name “SEGA.”
In 1966, the periscope game Periscope became a worldwide hit. In the 1970s, the company capitalized on the video game boom to increase its standing as a manufacturer of amusement machines.
The SEGA brand became synonymous with innovation by market- ing a series of world-first and industry-first products. For example, from the 1980s onward, we launched the motion-controlled game cabinet Hang On and a 3D computer graphics (CG) fighting game, Virtua Fighter. Also, we debuted the Print Club amusement machine for printing stickers, known in Japan as “purikura” and a favorite amusement machine genre to this day. In the 2000s, we released
Consistently Innovative
After entering the home video game console market in the 1980s, SEGA remained an innovator. Representative examples of this innova- tiveness include the first domestically produced handheld game terminal with a color liquid crystal display (LCD) and Dreamcast, which was launched in 1998 as the industry’s first home video game console including a communications modem as a standard feature and offering the players the option of using the internet to enjoy games. This became SEGA’s last hardware offering as the company withdrew from the home video game console area in 2001. However, the intellectual properties (IP) of the home video game console era, such as PHANTASY STAR ONLINE, are valuable management resources that underpin SEGA’s current businesses.
Leveraging the innovative DNA expressed by its “Creation is Life” company credo, SEGA has consistently opened up new horizons in entertainment. We will continue passing this DNA on to future generations.
a kids’ card game.
SEGA 1000
©SEGA
UFO CATCHER
©SEGA
Print Club
©SEGA
Dreamcast
©SEGA
Company credo: “Creation is Life”
SEGA
    2 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

 The history of the “Always Proactive, Always Pioneering” company began in the room of a small apartment.
Company credo: “Always Proactive, Always Pioneering”
Sammy
A Corporate Culture That
Accepts Failure
Sammy’s history goes back to 1965, when current Chairman and Group CEO (Representative Director) Hajime Satomi changed the name of a family-run tofu store to “Satomi” and began selling amusement machines. In 1975, the amusement machine manufacturing and marketing divisions of Satomi Corporation were split off to establish Sammy Industry Co., Ltd. The new company then experienced a series of successes and failures that culminated in the creation of highly original products through the manufacturing and sales of Arrange Ball and earnest entry into the development of amusement machine. The experiences of this era are both the source of a corporate culture that accepts failure if it results from taking on ambitious initiatives as
well as the source of the “Always Proactive, Always Pioneering” company credo.
“Always Proactive, Always Pioneering”—
The Driver of Sustaining Growth
Sammy entered the pachislot machine market in 1982. To compensate for its comparative lack of brand power, the company competed with major manufacturers by developing products with features that were unprecedented in the industry. The company’s strategy bore fruit with the launch of the single-bonus hitter pachislot machine, ALADDIN.
In 1995, we entered the pachinko machine market and remained at the forefront of the latest developments. For example, we used external IP and incorporated LCD visual effects, features that have now become standard in the industry. A combination of groundbreaking gameplay, tie-in with popular animation, and unique LCD visual effects ensured that pachislot machine Pachislot Hokuto No Ken met with a tremendous acclaim in 2003. The title became a hit for the ages by shipping more than 620,000 units, a single-title sales record that is still unbeaten. Our corporate culture—which maintains an uncompromis- ing, proactive mindset and rigorously pursues quality—is part of our DNA. We will cherish this culture as the force that drives and sustains our growth.
Sammy’s predecessor, Satomi Corporation
   ALADDIN
©Sammy
Pachislot Hokuto No Ken
©Buronson & Tetsuo Hara ©Sammy
Pachinko CR Hokuto No Ken
©1983 Buronson & Tetsuo Hara ©NSP2007, Approved No. SAE-307 ©Sammy
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 3

Introduction
Unceasing Self-Reform From Management Integration to the Present Day
Since its management integration in October 2004, the SEGA SAMMY Group has been implementing reform measures continuously.
  Main Business Developments
2004
• Established SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC.
2005
• Acquired all of the outstanding shares of The Creative Assembly Ltd. to make it a wholly owned subsidiary
2006
• Acquired all of the outstanding shares of SPORTS INTERACTIVE Ltd. to make it a wholly owned subsidiary
Main Hit Titles after Management Integration
 2005
• Launched the first title in the Sangokushi Taisen series of network-enabled trading card games
• Launched the first title in the Ryu ga Gotoku series for home video game consoles
2008
• Launched Pachinko CR Hokuto No Ken series, which set a record for sales of Sammy pachinko machines
Pachinko CR Hokuto No Ken
©1983 Buronson & Tetsuo Hara 2009 ©NSP2007, Approved No. SAE-307 ©Sammy
  2009
• Established MARZA ANIMATION PLANET INC. (engaged in production of animation, 3D CG, and other visual content)
2010
• Made Sammy Networks Co., Ltd., SEGA TOYS CO., LTD., and TMS ENTERTAINMENT, LTD., wholly owned subsidiaries
2012
• Made PHOENIX RESORT CO., LTD., a wholly owned subsidiary (domestic resort business)
• Established a joint venture with the PARADISE GROUP of South Korea (PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd.)
• Established a smartphone games business as a separate company
2013
• Acquired ATLUS. CO., LTD. (Index Corporation’s game business, etc.) • Established SEGA SAMMY CREATION INC.
(development, manufacture, and sale of casino machines)
2017
• Launched Pachislot Psalms of Planets Eureka Seven
2012
• Launched PHANTASY STAR ONLINE 2, an online role-playing game (RPG) for PCs
PHANTASY STAR ONLINE 2
©SEGA
2013
• Launched Puyopuyo!! Quest and CHAIN CHRONICLE for smartphone
• Launched Hokuto No Ken Chapter of Resurrection and Pachislot Bakemonogatari
Sangokushi Taisen
©SEGA
Ryu ga Gotoku
©SEGA
   • Acquired gaming machine manufacture and sales license in the U.S. State of Nevada (SEGA SAMMY CREATION INC., Sega Sammy Creation USA, INC.)
• Opened PARADISE CITY, South Korea’s first integrated resort
©PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
2018
• Relocated head office to Osaki
(consolidated 20 companies and
about 6,500 employees into the Osaki area in Tokyo)
2016
• Launched Persona5 for home video game consoles
• Launched Total WarTM: WARHAMMER for PC
2017
• Launched Sonic Mania for home video game consoles
©SEGA
 Persona5
©ATLUS ©SEGA All rights reserved.
Sonic Mania
  4 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

Operating Income (Losses) since Management Integration
 20.4% 21.5%
119.1 105.0
76.5
8.3 –5.8
 Measures in Recent Years
14.5%
17.3%
9.5%
1.9%
36.7
14.7%
10.2% 58.3
   68.7
2011
5.9%
4.7% 5.1%
8.0%
5.5%
29.5 17.7
Operating income margin
3.9%
Operating income
¥13.0 billion
19
19.0
2012 2013
38.5
17.4 17.6
  Management integration
2005 2006
2007 2008
2009 2010
2014 20
15 2016 2017 2018 20
 (FY)
  2015
Cost Structure Reform
  2016
Business Structure Reform
  2017 Implementation Phase
  2018– Toward Growth Phase
 Reduced fixed expenses by ¥6.0 billion
Revised business portfolio
Implemented various initiatives
Implemented various initiatives
   Clarified core businesses
• Reorganized into three busi- ness segments
Restructured unprofitable and underperforming businesses drastically
• Withdrew from unprofitable
businesses
• Offered voluntary early retire-
ment and took other measures
Laid foundations for strengthening business portfolio management
• Split up businesses into
separate companies
• Accelerated decision making
Optimized personnel deployment
• Reallocated personnel
• Focused resources on core
businesses
 Pachislot and Pachinko Machines
 Entertainment Contents
 Resort
     Growth businesses
• Invested in growth businesses • Grew sales
Core Businesses
• Reformed profit structure • Expanded fan base
Improved Business Efficiency
• Consolidated and streamlined development and production resources
Entertainment Contents
• Disposed of non-core businesses
 Digital Games
 IR (Integrated Resort)
 Other New Areas
 Pachislot and Pachinko Machines
 Packaged Games
 Amusement Machine Sales
 Amusement Center Operations
 Animation
   Pachislot and Pachinko Machines
     Pachislot and Pachinko Machines
 • Established joint venture ZEEG Co. Ltd. with Universal Entertainment Corporation
Packaged Games
• Acquired PC game developer (Amplitude Studios SAS)
• Sold asset (Shinsaibashi, Osaka)
Resort
• Transferred business (JOYPOLIS)
• Discontinued development of complex facility (Busan, South Korea)
   Amusement Center Operations
    FY2020 SEGA SAMMY Group Mission Pyramid
  Mission (Raison d’être)
Value (Mindset / DNA)
 Pachislot and Pachinko Machines
 Entertainment Contents
Resort
      Vision (Ideal self)
“Continuing to create moving experiences” —Making life more colorful—
Be a Game Changer
“Creation is Life” ×
“Always Proactive, Always Pioneering”
Goal (Specific target)
FY2020 Target : Operating income margin 15% /
ROA 5%
 Sammy...the wellspring of new ideas as an innovator in the industry
Be a Game Changer
Be an Experiential Innovator
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 5

Introduction
Group Strategy—Road to 2020
The Pachislot and Pachinko Machines and the Entertainment Contents businesses have progressed less than initially expected. As a result, we downwardly revised our initial targets in fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019.
Progress
Fiscal Year 2018 Initial Targets and Results
Fiscal Year 2019 Initial Targets and Results
Net sales ¥390.0 billion Operating ¥21.0 billion
Reasons for Regulatory revision affected the Pachislot and
  Net sales
Operating income
¥380.0 billion
¥20.0 billion
¥323.6 billion ¥17.7 billion
income
¥331.6 billion ¥13.0 billion
Reasons for The Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business shortfall delayed the launch of titles due to regulatory
revision. The Digital Games area marketed fewer new titles than we planned.
Market Capitalization during the Period of Road to 2020
shortfall
Pachinko Machines Business, and there were insufficient hit titles in the Digital Games area of the Entertainment Contents Business.
Billions of yen 550
500 450 400 350 300
Downward revision announcement of November 30, 2017
Downward revision announcement of February 5, 2019
2019
(FY)
     Beginning of Road to 2020 in April 2017
  2017
2018
  Road to 2020 Progress
Billions of yen / %
Operating income (Initial targets) 
5.5% 5.3%
7.1% 3.9%
13.0
15.0%
6.9%
27.0
   6 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
20.0
17.7
30.0
 ’18
’19
’20
(forecast)
(FY)
Operating income (Results and forecast) 
Operating income margin (Initial targets) 
Operating income margin (Results and forecast)
75.0

Challenges & Initiatives
  Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business Pachislot Machine Unit Sales
FY2019 Initial target
103,000 units
Entertainment Contents Business Digital Games Area Operating Income (Loss)
FY2019 Initial target
¥9.0 billion
    ’19
(Forecast)
’19 (FY) (Result)
(FY)
Result 67,000 units
’19
(Forecast)
Challenges
’19
(Result)
Result –¥1.9 billion
    Low Approval Rates
External Factors
Top-ranking titles remain unchanged
Increase of existing IP-based titles
Intensified competition in domestic market
Internal Factors
Existing titles stagnating Lack of hit titles
Challenges
As a result of regulatory revision in February 2018, approval rates in prototype testing have become conspicuously lower. This caused the Group’s pachislot machine unit sales to fall significantly short of the initial target.
Initiatives
For details, please see P.43.
Improve approval rates by applying for multiple specifications for both pachislot and pachinko machines
Develop pachislot machines reflecting market trends
(machines with the number of obtainable medals per game set at a higher range, machines with payouts that reflect players’ skill, effective use of major existing IP)
New titles delayed or canceled during development
In the Digital Games area, stagnation of existing titles went more rapidly than expected. In addition, amid intensified competition of the market we were unable to create hit titles to replace mainstay titles.
Initiatives
For details, please see P.51.
Improve profitability by optimizing the number of titles under development and operation
Invest resources in focusing areas such as overseas packaged games Proceed with shift of outsourced work on existing titles to insourcing.
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 7

Introduction
Our Color Pallete
Created through the management integration of Sammy and SEGA, the SEGA SAMMY Group is a comprehensive entertainment corporate group that provides entertainment across a wide range of fields. These fields include pachislot and pachinko machines, game contents for digital games, packaged games, and other games, amuse- ment machine sales, amusement center operations, animation and toys, and resorts.
   Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
The mainstays of this business are industry-leading pachi- slot machines and a lineup of pachinko machines that we are making ever-more competitive. Boasting one of the industry’s largest development systems, we will develop appealing new pachislot and pachinko machines that invigorate the industry and realize our “Always Proactive, Always Pioneering” company credo.
Pachislot DISC UP
©Sammy
5th version: White panels
Pachinko CR Shin Hokuto Muso Chapter 2
©Buronson & Tetsuo Hara/NSP 1983, Approved No. KOK-115
© 2010-2013 Koei Tecmo Games Co., Ltd. ©Sammy
Resort Business
The Resort Business operates an integrated resort and a resort complex.
We are taking a variety of measures with a view to accumulating know-how, heightening our profile, and ultimately participating in the integrated resort (IR) business in Japan. For example, we are assigning personnel to South Korea’s first integrated resort, PARADISE CITY, operated through an associate accounted for by the equity method. We also operate Phoenix Seagaia Resort, one of Japan’s premier resort complexes.
©PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
    ©Phoenix Resort
Entertainment Contents Business
This business segment has businesses in a broad spectrum of fields, such as digital games and packaged games as well as amusement machine sales, amusement center operations, and animation and toys.
  WHOareYOU?
Designed & © 2018 Worlds Apart Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Ikebukuro GiGO
Ryu ga Gotoku ONLINE
©SEGA
Detective Conan: The Fist of Blue Sapphire
©2019 GOSHO AOYAMA/ DETECTIVE CONAN COMMITTEE All Rights Reserved.
  ©SEGA ENTERTAINMENT Co., Ltd.
Team Sonic Racing
©SEGA
        8 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

 Operating Income (Losses) by Segment since Management Integration*
Once the mainstay of operating income, the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business has been flagging due to regulatory revision. In the Entertainment Contents Business, where we have put effort to enhance, meanwhile, operating income has grown over the past three fiscal years.
 Billions of yen / % 160
20.4%
120
105.0
80
40
0
–40
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business  Entertainment Contents Business  Resort Business  Other businesses  Head office costs, etc.
3.9% 13.0
      ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
(FY)
Operating income margin
* In fiscal year 2015, the Company changed its business segmentation. For fiscal year 2014 and before, the figures of the Entertainment Contents Business have been calculated by aggregating the
results of the consumer business, the amusement machine sales business, and the amusement center operations business.
Key Performance Indicators for each Business Segment
    Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
Market share of Market share of pachislot machines* pachinko machines*
Digital Games area
Entertainment Contents Business
Packaged Games area
Amusement Center Operations area
  2017
 2017
14.1%
9.9%
2018
14.8%
2018
11.6%
 FY2018
 FY2018
 FY2018
¥38.5 billion (Annual sales)
9.2 million units (Repeat sales)
101.9 % (Year-on-year sales at existing amusement centers)
FY2019
¥40.8 billion
 FY2019
19.35 million units
 FY2019
104.0%
   Source: Yano Research Institute Ltd.
* Estimates of Yano Research Institute Ltd. based on settlement dates from July to June
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 9

HOW TO READ
Composition of SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
   To sustainably enhance its corporate value, the SEGA SAMMY Group needs to continue providing society with value through core entertainment busi- nesses. We define the essence of entertainment as continuing to surpass customers’ expectations. In other words, the Group should concentrate on continuing to provide greater-than-expected value. Our continuing to create moving experiences mission encapsulates this imperative.
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
  This integrated report focuses on a “moving experience creation cycle,” which will ensure that the formulation of moving experiences drives sustained enhancement of corporate value. Based on an integrated approach, the report tells a story of continuous corporate value creation and comprises the following components.
1 Target moving experience creation cycle 2
3
4
Customers
 Products and Services
Society
Human Resources and Organizational Capital
Financial Foundations
  Internal and external challenges that have to be overcome to create virtuous cycles and a road map for tackling challenges
 Initiatives aimed at strengthening our products and services, customers, and financial foundations
 Environmental, social, and governance (ESG) initiatives aimed at
maintaining virtuous cycles (society, human resources, and organizational capital)
For the convenience of stakeholders when engaged in dialogues with us, we have issued DISCUSSION POINTS 2019, which summarizes particularly important points. Further, we disclose comprehensive ESG information in the “Social Responsibility” section of our website, accessible via the URL below.
https://www.segasammy.co.jp/english/pr/commu/
DISCUSSION POINTS 2019
     SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS DISCUSSION POINTS 2019
The SEGA SAMMY Group endeavors to reflect the viewpoints of diverse stakeholders in management strategy by providing the Group’s management team with feedback on the various requests and opinions received from shareholders, investors, and other stakeholders. This DISCUSSION POINTS 2019 summarizes the SEGA SAMMY Group’s challenges and initiatives as well as other key information excerpted from INTEGRATED REPORT 2019.
 10 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

       Introduction
  Cultural Inheritance P.2 Unceasing Self-Reform P.4 Group Strategy—Road to 2020 P.6 Our Color Palette P.8
A Message from the CEO       P.12 A Message from the COO       P.14
Moving Experience Creation Cycle       P.22 Target Virtuous Cycles of Three Strengths       P.24 Road Map for Corporate Value Enhancement       P.26 ESG Risks and Countermeasures in the Value Chain P.28 Mega Trends: Opportunities and Risks       P.30 Business Models of the Main Business Segments       P.32 IP Strategy       P.34 A Message from the CFO       P.36
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business       P.40 Special Topic 1: DIALOGUE       P.44 Entertainment Contents Business       P.48 Special Topic 2: CREATED AROUND THE WORLD,
DELIVERED TO THE WORLD       P.52 Resort Business       P.56 SPECIAL TOPIC 3: WITH RESPONSIBILITY AS
A JAPANESE COMPANY       P.58
Financial Performance       P.60 Operating Data       P.62 Shareholder Value       P.63
Themes of ESG and SDGs Initiatives       P.64 Non-Financial Data       P.74 Corporate Governance       P.76
Management’s Discussion and Analysis       P.88 Company Profile / Stock Information       P.95 Consolidated Financial Statements       P.96
Moving Experience Creation Story
                Management Messages
     Driving the Moving Experience Creation Cycle
          Business Strategy by Segment
      Products and Services / Customers
Financial Foundations
Society
 Outcome
      Continuing the Moving Experience Creation Cycle (ESG)
      Financials
         Cautionary Statement with Respect to Forward-Looking Statements
Statements in this integrated report regarding the plans, estimates, beliefs, management strategies, perceptions, and other aspects of SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC. (“the Company”) and SEGA SAMMY Group Companies (“the Group”), including SEGA CORPORATION and Sammy Corporation, are forward-looking statements based on the information currently available to the Company. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those statements using words such as “believe,” “expect,” “plans,” “strategy,” “prospects,” “forecast,” “estimate,” “project,” “anticipate,” “aim,” “may,” and “might,” and words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operations, financial performance, events, or conditions. From time to time, oral or written forward-looking statements may also be included in other materials released to the public. These statements are based on management’s assumptions and beliefs in light of the information currently available to management. The Company cautions you that a number of important risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements, and therefore you should not place undue reliance on them. You also should not assume that the Company has any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. The Company disclaims any such obligation. Actual results may vary significantly from the Company’s forecasts due to various factors. Factors that could influence actual results include, but are not limited to, economic conditions, especially
trends in consumer spending, as well as currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes in laws and government systems, pressure from competitors’ pricing and product strategies, declines in the marketability of the Group’s existing and new products, disruptions to production, violations of the Group’s intellectual property rights, rapid advances in technology, and unfavorable verdicts in major litigation. [This INTEGRATED REPORT includes “forward- looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.]
Cautionary Statement for Investors and Shareholders with Respect
to Nevada Gaming Statutes and Regulations
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC. (“the Company”) is registered with the Nevada Commission as a publicly traded corporation and has been found suitable to directly or indirectly own the stock of SEGA SAMMY CREATION INC., and Sega Sammy Creation USA, Inc., both of which are subsidiaries that have been licensed as manufacturers and distributors of gaming devices in Nevada. Pursuant to Nevada law, the Company’s shareholders are subject to the rules and regulations of the Nevada Gaming Authorities. A detailed explanation of Nevada gaming statutes and regulations can be found on the Company’s corporate website: https://www.segasammy.co.jp/english/ir/stock/regulation/
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 11

 To increase sustainable corporate value, we will unify as a Group and work with strong determination.
Hajime Satomi
Chairman and Group CEO (Representative Director) SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC.
 Management Messages
A Message from the CEO
 12 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

       Strong Determination
It is time to take a serious look at the
issues at hand.
My involvement in the amusement machine sales business began in
1965, in the midst of Japan’s economic development and at a time when
people were en route to achieving wealth. I was still a student when I
crossed paths with the gaming industry, which was in its infancy then,
and I joined the amusement machine sales industry with the belief that,
without a doubt, the industry would see major growth. In 1978, however, I
experienced many setbacks, including being forced into bankruptcy after
suppliers failed to pay their bills. Looking back, I think that even negative
our knowledge of amusement center operations toward opening an indoor theme park there in March 2019. We are actively promoting measures to attract Japanese customers to these facilities and are producing steady results in this regard. I have a real sense that these efforts serve not only to aid operation of our facilities but to also help us in our future activities.
Looking ahead, we see the Japanese IR business as an ace-in-the-
hole for Japan (and its domestic economy) toward becoming a tourism
nation. The enactment of the Act on Development of Specified Complex
Tourist Facilities Areas has laid the path for relevant government ordi-
In addition to casino operations, I would also like to see us develop
  situationslikethisonehelpedmeovercPoAmRAeDsIeSvEerSaElGoAbSstAaMclMesYaClo.n,gLtdh.eSituatedoannadleoxtpoaf3nd30in,0to00aswqiudaereramngeeteorsf,oththeeinrtbeugsraintedssreasroeratsw.iTllointchliusdenadh,wigeh-end
Fiscal year 2019 marked the second consecutive year where we were
unable to meet the initial targets for the fiscal year. Each director and
Ideal Corporate Image
employee of the Group needs to take a look within themselves and ask whether they have the passion to create moving experiences, and thereby
Working toward the Group’s Sustainable Long-Term Development
We are making steady preparations to
enter into the integrated resorts (IR)
we have carved innovation into the tablets of history. I would like to
business in Japan.
return now to my original point. I will take the same passion that has
nances and ministry ordinances to be established, after which the selec- tion process for operators and potential sites can begin.
PARADISE CITY is South Korea’s first integrated resort, and the Group has a 45% stake in the integrated resort’s operator,
hotel, a boutique hotel, a casino, commercial facilities, and a convention hall upon completion and realize quality on a par
way, particularly because I had the support of so many people and the are undertaking multifaceted and proactive preparations that include
with that of integrated resorts in Singapore and Macau. We will focus on capturing tourists who have until now visited other
passion to move forward. cultivating human resources, conducting business investigations and regions in Asia by leveraging our integrated resort’s prime location next to Incheon International Airport—Asia’s largest hub
Since entering the pachislot and pachinko machines development analyses, strengthening governance and compliance system, promoting airport. In particular, we aim to attract customers from Japan because they can visit South Korea with comparative ease
and manufacturing business in the 1980s, I have always maintained this gambling addiction countermeasures, and implementing financial
thanks to its proximity. To this end, we will step up marketing efforts and add Japanese hospitality to the best integrated resort.
same passion for craftsmanship. Hit pachTihseloatdadnidtiopnaocfheinkteortaitinlemselinkteand commebrceinael faitcsi.litIieasmafcteorntvhinecsedcothnadtsitfawgeorfeaplhizaeseth1edenvterlyopinmtoeninttweigllrbaetecdompleted ALADDIN, Beast King, and Hokuto No Kienn2w01e8re, makjoinrglaPuAnRcAhDinISgEpCoIiTnYtsa truly integrreasteodrtrseisnorJta. pWaenw, tihll eynswuirllebtehceosmucecaesms oafjoPrAsRoAuDrcISeEoCf IiTnYcoamnde tahnedn scearpvitealize
on our track record and accumulated expertise to realize participation in the integrated resort business in Japan. I view
for Sammy’s growth. As I myself tested and exhaustively molded these as a future pillar of the Group, and with this exciting prospect, I feel the advancement of the integrated resort business as an important personal mission and will work tirelessly to achieve it.
titles into something that I absolutely knew would sell, I don’t attribute our
success to mere coincidence, but instead to “inevitability driven by passion.”
utmost passion.
Toward Sustained Growth
Working to Overcome Our Issues and Realize Our
Enriching People’s Lives through Entertainment
I believe that meeting such societal expectations will also be indispensable for realizing our long-term vision. In keeping with
we devote our full strength toward overcoming the issues at our feet.
the spirit of our Group Management Philosophy, we will enrich people’s lives through our businesses. Also, from a worldwide
perspectivewewillidentifyglobalissuesthatIwnekesheopuinldggwiviethpSriaomritmytyo’stacokmlinpga.nycredo,“AlwaysProactive,Always Further, we are strengthening corporate governance steadily. Given that we have a shareholding structure for which over-
Pioneering,” we have always brought forth the winds of change in the
sight reflecting the interests of minority shareholders is expected as well as a business format in which strict compliance is
PARADISE CITY
 winthesupportofourcustomers.
With the adoption of sustainable developmentIgowalsiblyl thaedUnditredeNsastiones andcthe adnopdtioneofvthe rPyarispAegreresmoennt b.y COP21, companies are expected to contribute more to the realization of a sustainable society through their businesses.
As we task ourselves with reaching this future goal, it is imperative that
 industry. As the embodiment of Sega’s company credo, “Creation is Life,” required, we have bolstered oversight of business management over the past decade. We appointed highly independent
external directors in 2007 and established a management system comprising external directors in 2008. Our efforts to
strengthen this system are ongoing. For example, we appointed an additional external director in 2016.
I believe that personnel are paramount fordrciovnentinmuoeuasnednhcoancvemy eitnttooaflcl Gorrpoourpatdeirveacluteo.rsWaitnhdouetmapllaorygeepsotol aofwtalkeennted
One cornerstone of “Road to 2020,” whpicehrscoonvnerls, wtheecpouelrdiondoftrpormodfuiscceaolutstandingthinetesllpeicrtituaolfpinronpoevratiteiosnanthdactoims epmetibtieveddperoddiuncthsecoDnNtiAnuoofubsolyt.hTchoermefpoaren,ieI svi.ew
one we are cultivating from a long-term perspective. We are utilizing the know-how built up from our direct involvement, from development to
August 2017
August 2019
operations, in PARADISE CITY, a joint venture with the South Korea- based PARADISE GROUP and South Korea’s first integrated resort, to realize part of the Group’s long-term growth scenario—the introduction of Japan’s first integrated resort, anticipated around 2025. The facilities had been developed as first-phase, secondary project of PARADISE CITY opened in September 2018 under this scenario, and we also leveraged
Hajime Satomi
fostering the next generation of personnel and establishing shared values that are consistent with corporate goals as critical
year ended March 2018 to fiscal year ending March 2020, is generating Through these efforts, I believe that the Sega Sammy Group will tackle
tasks, and I am committed to accomplishing them.
stable profits while improving income margins within our designated the issues facing it with sincere passion, and cultivate the “breakthrough In the 13 years since management integration in October 2004, the Group has overcome many challenges by its tireless
to use the cash generated by our core businesses for preferential invest- corporate value sustainably and in the truest sense of the word.
We will meet the expectations of all of our stakeholders by implementing strategies decisively and taking far-sighted measures
ment in growth businesses. Within thatoproelaicliyz,ethloenRg-etesromrt, Bsustianiensesd iesnthaencement of Acosrpwoeraetme vbalurke.oAnsthweseadevnadnecaevionrtos,awneeawspkhfoasret,hwe ecownotuinlduelikdestuopapsokrtour
core businesses. At the same time, the Company has rolled out a policy power” to overcome them one after the other, and in doing so, increase efforts to reform business structures. Finally, we are poised to enter a phase that will be strongly focused on earnings growth.
stakeholders for their continued support.
of our shareholders, investors, and all other stakeholders.
Chairman and Group CEO (Representative Director)
  Chairman and CEO (Representative Director)
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC.
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 13

 Management Messages
A Message from the COO
Taking a long-term perspective, we will tackle issues sincerely and enhance corporate value.
Haruki Satomi
President and Group COO (Representative Director) SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC.
 14 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

 Remain Valued and Needed by Society
We will continue implementing sound, far-sighted measures.
 In May 2019, the World Health Organization (WHO) officially decided to classify “gaming disorder” as a mental disease. The disorder is a severe addiction to online games and other video games that seriously affects the daily life and health of an individual. Addiction is also recognized as an issue in the pachinko and pachislot machine industry. Nonetheless, my confidence in the power of entertainment to give people vitality in their day-to-day lives remains unchanged.
In addressing addiction and entertainment’s other negative effects on society, we must be sincere and tackle issues head on. At the same time, I believe that if we continue to make positive contributions in the form of moving experiences that outweigh negative aspects, in other words if we keep creating value surpassing customers’ expectations, we can realize the
Realize the Group’s Target Profile
goal of “making life more colorful,” the subtitle of our mission. In short, if we fulfill our mission society will continue to value and need us.
The aforementioned philosophy enhances corporate value continuously by avoiding behavior that meets with society’s disapproval while implementing sound, far-sighted measures in pursuit of long-term profit, even if this means taking a round- about route. To ensure that we progress steadily in accordance this philosophy, we have to realize the true value of our innovative DNA, expressed in the “Always Proactive, Always Pioneering” and “Creation is Life” company credos of Sammy and SEGA. This ambition to realize long-term, sustained devel- opment of the Group is epitomized by initiatives in the IR business.
 As a Japanese company, we will advance measures with a sense of responsibility and readiness.
For more than 10 years, the SEGA SAMMY Group has been advancing initiatives focused on the IR business in Japan. We began by acquiring the shares of PHOENIX RESORT CO., LTD., which operates one of Japan’s premier resort complexes. Aiming to accumulate know-how in the development and operation of casino facilities as early as possible, the Group established PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd., dispatched employees to the company, engaged in the operation of an existing casino facility, and began developing PARADISE CITY. In 2017, we opened PARADISE CITY as South Korea’s first full-fledged integrated resort, and with the 2018 opening of phase 1–2, it became a true integrated resort that includes not only a casino and hotels but also a shopping mall, a spa, entertainment facilities, and other attractions. Since it opened, PARADISE CITY has received strong endorsement from numer- ous guests. We have assigned nearly 60 Japanese personnel to the integrated resort as of the end of March 2019. In the near future, we plan to increase this to a 100. Thus, I believe
that we are ahead of other Japanese companies with respect to preparations for launching a commercial IR business in Japan.
The Group has announced its intention to participate in all aspects of IR operations in Japan, including casino operations. I would like to emphasize that as the only Japanese company with competence on a par with that of world-famous casino operators, we are advancing measures with a sense of respon- sibility and readiness. Our acquisition of licenses for the manu- facture and sale of gaming machines in the U.S. State of Nevada in 2017 is testament to this readiness. In gaining recognition of its integrity, the Group not only provided finan- cial and tax information but also disclosed all the assets of officers subject to investigation. Also, we are proactively developing gambling addiction countermeasures. In contrast to the majority of companies, which take an after-the-fact approach focused on recovery from addiction, the Group and Kyoto University are jointly conducting the world’s first
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 15

 Management Messages
A Message from the COO
industry–academia research themed on addiction prevention. Regarding the steps to be followed toward the opening of
integrated resorts in Japan, first local governments will issue requests for proposals. We expect once operators have been selected, areas for the establishment of integrated resorts will be approved. To make sure that we convert opportunities into
new businesses, we will further enhance the factors that dif- ferentiate us, which we have identified through value chain analysis of more than 118 key components.
To ensure the success of these initiatives, which are based on our long-term vision, there is a short-term task that we must tackle—improving the profitability of existing businesses.
The Progress of Road to 2020
Taking issues seriously, we will implement countermeasures.
 The Group’s long-term vision positions integrated resorts as
a third pillar. Aiming to achieve this vision, in May 2017 we announced Road to 2020, which maps out our direction through fiscal year 2020. In fiscal year 2019, and the strategy’s second year, net sales increased 2% year on year, while operat- ing income declined 26% year on year. For the second consecu- tive fiscal year, we did not reach initial targets. Much to our regret, we have announced the forecast for fiscal year 2020, the strategy’s final year, that do not meet the management targets of at least 15% for the operating income margin and at least
5% for ROA.
One cause was greater-than-expected changes in the
business conditions of the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business. In February 2018, regulatory revision was enforced. In the pachinko and pachislot machine market, “approval rates” in prototype testing, which is conducted based on regulations, have a major impact on the unit sales of pachinko and
Operating Income Margin
Initial management target
2018 2019
pachislot machine manufacturers because only machines compliant with regulations can be marketed. In fiscal year 2019, the overall market saw low approval rates and it significantly affected both the number of titles brought to market and
unit sales.
Another major factor was our lack of hit titles in the Digital Games area. As well as experiencing fiercer competition in the Japanese market, we were unable to create hit titles to replace our current mainstay titles. Moreover, the consequent lengthen- ing of the operation periods of such mainstay titles as PHANTASY STAR ONLINE 2 is causing decline in comparison with their peak performances. In fiscal year 2019, the Digital Games area recorded an operating loss due to a combination of delays in launching new titles and development suspensions.
On the other hand, some of our initiatives produced solid benefits.
   15.0%
       6.9
%
Main causes
· Regulatory revision
· Lack of hit digital games
 Result and adjusted target
    16 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
2020 (FY) (Forecast)
  
 Current Outcomes of Road to 2020
In the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business, measures to improve income are steadily bearing fruit.
 Initially, the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business set out a road map that called for a dramatic rise in the operating income margin to at least 30% in fiscal 2020 through an increase in the benefits of reuse and improvements in the efficiency of development. The regulatory revision that I men- tioned undermined the premises of this target. Nonetheless, we did make steady progress in improving the business segment’s profit margin.
One of our priority strategies for improving the profit margin is to increase the benefits of reuse and promote the common- alization of components. Under this strategy, we greatly increased reusable components and in fiscal year 2019 reached our initial target for the number of such components. As for the commonalization of components, we have already surpassed our initial numerical targets for both pachinko and pachislot machines. Also, cost reductions are proceeding as planned thanks to the use of cost indicators to strengthen management, the revision of development schedules, and the transferring of outsourced work to insource. Regarding the establishment of an industry platform, in fiscal 2019 ZEEG Co. Ltd.—the Group’s joint venture with Universal Entertainment Corporation—began joint parts purchasing and introduced common machine cabinets in accordance with plans. Although the need to respond rapidly to regulatory revision means that our efforts to improve development efficiency did not reach the initial targets, measures aimed at improving the profit margin are advancing steadily.
Through such cost improvement measures, we were able to improve the operating income margin despite challenging business conditions. I believe that we have prepared the ground for a dramatic increase in income once we have overcome the uncertain environment that the current shift to new regulations has created.
In the Entertainment Contents Business, with the exception of the Digital Games area, profitability improved. The Packaged Games area saw a significant improvement in profitability in fiscal year 2019, with the operating income margin increasing 3.6 percentage points year on year, to 15.0%. The main driver of this improvement was sales growth over- seas. The ratings of review websites tend to have a marked influence on the packaged games market, and our Metacritic ranking is trending upward overall. Thus, the enhanced quality of our offerings is earning favorable evaluations. Further, our measures to step up sales through the STEAM distribution platform for PC games are lengthening sales opportunities, thereby contributing significantly to increases in repeat sales and improvement in profitability. Studios that we previously acquired in North America and Europe, such as The Creative Assembly Limited. are underpinning the Group’s revenues.
Further, in the amusement center operations area, existing domestic amusement centers achieved year-on-year sales growth for the fifth consecutive fiscal year. This performance reflects the tailwind provided by the 2016 revision of the Act on Control and Improvement of Amusement Business, etc., as well as the steadily emerging benefits of expanded areas for prize game machines and strengthened operations. We take pride in the fact that comparisons with peers in the amuse- ment center operations area show the high level of our opera- tional capabilities. In the amusement machine sales area, we are successfully expanding our customer base by introducing popular external IP, such as KanColle Arcade and Fate/Grand Order Arcade. Similarly, effective structural reform of the ani- mation and toys area, which used to have extremely unstable business results, has firmly entrenched a structure that gener- ates income stably.
 Main Measures of Road to 2020
(Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business)
Increasing of reuse benefits
Promotion of commonalization of components Cost reduction
Establishment of an industry platform Improvement of development efficiency Reduction of common fixed expenses, etc.
For details on priority measures, please see P.43.
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 17
 
 Management Messages
A Message from the COO
Tasks in Fiscal Year 2020
We must develop pachislot and pachinko machines that increase approval ratio and gain player endorsement.
 In fiscal year ending March 2020, the final year of Road to 2020, we are targeting higher net sales and operating income year
on year.
One key to the achievement of this target is the unit sales of the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business. Replacement demand for machines conforming to the new regulation is expected to increase as the machines conforming to previous regulation that are currently installed steadily approach their deadlines for removal. In particular, we are setting our sights on capturing concentrated demand in the third quarter, when approximately 182,000 pachislot machines conforming to the previous regulation (No. 5 models) will reach their removal deadlines. Marketing major titles to coincide with this period will be critical. If we grow unit sales as planned, we expect that the benefits of the profitability improvement measures taken to date will enable us to increase the operating income margin from 13.0% to 24.0%, a significant year-on-year improvement.
These strategies are premised on improvement in our approval ratio. Given the particularly low approval ratio for pachislot machines conforming to the new regulation (No. 6 models), the uncertainty of the short-term situation cannot be denied. Through the applications for testing that it has submit- ted, the Group is acquiring knowledge on testing. Going for- ward, we intend to heighten our approval ratio by applying for multiple specifications and other measures.
Although it restricts gambling elements, the latest regulatory revision enables the development of pachinko machines with a high jackpot continuous ratio and other specifications that the Group is particularly well qualified to realize. As for pachislot machines, changes in voluntary regulations introduced at the same time as the regulatory revision have substantially broad- ened the scope for gameplay.
It has become possible to develop pachislot machines that can be enjoyed in around two hours. As a result, in terms of time required, we can now compete on an equal footing with rival forms of entertainment, such as karaoke and movies.
I believe that this change gives us scope for expanding our player base. Unfortunately, the Group has yet to create a hit title. However, the market is seeing the emergence of pachislot machines with very high levels of utilization. For this reason, we expect No. 6 model machines to earn solid support among players going forward. Since its launch in June 2018, Sammy’s Pachislot DISC UP No. 5.9 model machine has become a hit, remaining near the top of pachinko halls’ utilization ratio rank- ings and shipping more than 30,000 units. We feel this pachis- lot machine has garnered endorsement because to a great extent players’ skill levels determine gameplay outcomes. Thus, Pachislot DISC UP, which has been able to realize the potential of pachislot machines by providing players with new experien- tial value, has been a touchstone for us.
22.4%
Pachislot Machine Approval Ratio
%
75
50
25
69.6%
         0
4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 (Month)
Source: Security Electronics and Communications Technology Association
   18 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
 
 Uncompromising Creation
We have to set our pride aside and rigorously improve product quality.
 I feel that a lack of hit titles is a Groupwide issue. Given that we have still not brought to market the hit titles hoped for, we need to improve product quality rigorously and thereby gain player support.
In the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business, while seeking a higher approval rate we will also follow a manage- ment philosophy that gives priority to long-term income and implements sound, far-sighted measures. Until we can produce titles that players endorse, we will forge ahead with these measures unwaveringly. We must face the fact that the No. 6 model machines we marketed in fiscal year 2019 met with a less than ideal reception. In the era of No. 5 model machines, after a process of trial and error, we rolled out the hit pachislot machine Pachislot Psalms of Planets Eureka Seven.
In the same way, by rigorously improving product quality, we try to meet the expectations of players and pachinko halls and drive market revitalization.
Similarly, in the Digital Games area we have been unable
to create hit titles due to complacency in relation to product quality. As the number of titles under development and in operation increases, our preparations are not thoroughgoing enough with respect to determining the best genre and other aspects of marketing for each title or with regard to establish- ing operation systems that make players want to continue playing over the long term. In these respects, then, our commit- ment to product quality is insufficient, particularly in the initial phase of development. Further, the Packaged Games area has issues. Our system for heightening profitability by giving each development project responsibility for income has taken root. In addition, digital downloads are providing a tailwind for
growth. In comparison with industry peers in Japan and over- seas, however, we cannot say we are producing world-class
hit titles. Due to insufficiently focused market analysis at the planning stage, we are squandering industry-leading technologi- cal capabilities on genres with weak marketability. As a conse- quence, I feel that we are not taking full advantage of our potential. Admittedly, the SEGA brand is known worldwide. But rather than brand power, this is nothing more than the legacy
of past hit titles. We need to set aside pride in our brand and cultivate a sense of crisis because if we do not create new hit titles we will be forgotten by the coming generation.
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 19
   
 Management Messages
A Message from the COO
Strategies in the Entertainment Contents Business
We will concentrate resources on areas of strength.
 We have dramatically revamped our organization and strategies to overcome issues related to competitiveness in product creation. When we announced Road to 2020, one of our basic strate- gies was to focus investment on mobile games in Japan, which
was a particularly promising growth area among the Digital Games area. However, given the current intensification of competition that is accompanying softer growth, beginning from fiscal year 2020 we will switch to a portfolio strategy that concentrates resources on areas where we can exploit our advantages. Aiming to create titles that are global hits, we will shift the focus of management resources to packaged games and downloadable PC games—which are continuing to grow robustly centered on North America, Europe, and Asia—and strengthen collaborations with studios in respective countries. Meanwhile, we will continue bolstering and improving the profitability of mobile games because the market for these games in Japan, which has been the focus of our efforts, is far larger than the packaged games market.
The reorganization that we implemented in January 2019 was part of this strategy. We integrated organizations that, with
a view to rapid business development in each area, had been separated based on devices and classified according to such areas as “Digital Games” and “Packaged Games.” While encour- aging the sharing of personnel and expertise in management of development, we will step up IP-oriented rollouts. We will apportion responsibility to each manager based not on titles, as we have been doing, but on IP. As a result, these managers will put effort on maximizing the value of IP from broad view- points encompassing the whole world and all platforms. In step with this reorganization, we have also introduced a new management accounting system that is conducive to Groupwide optimization.
Under this new organization, we will steadily invest in such existing IP as Sonic the Hedgehog; revived IP, including Sakura Wars; external IP that have generated significant income in recent years, with Fate/Grand Order being a representative example; and the creation of new IP. In anticipation of the beginning of 5G services, various companies have stated an intention to enter the cloud games area. We view reaching this new market as a way of increasing our business opportunities.
Revision of Priority Areas
IP Strategy
Four Categories
      Announcement of Road to 2020
Mobile Digital
Japan, Asia, North America, and Europe
Currently
Digital and packaged games performing robustly
Asia, North America, and Europe
Platform
 Existing IP
 Revived IP
 New IP
 External IP
   Revision of Priority Areas
       20 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
We will approach business management based on the same viewpoint as that of shareholders.
The Group is also implementing reorganization aimed at strengthening and increasing the efficiency of its business management to ensure the steady advancement of strate- gies. Our consolidation of Group companies’ head office
functions in 2018 was part of this reorganization.
We consolidated accounting, personal administration,
finance, general affairs, IT solutions, and other management functions that had belonged to the holding company or to
Existing
New
 Toward Stronger, More Efficient Group Management
 
   specific operating companies, thereby increasing the efficiency of decision-making processes and eliminating overlapping functions. We have also integrated functions for licensing in and out, which will give our IP strategies further support. Also, we have newly established the Resort Business Division, which manages existing resorts cohesively.
Further, we will strengthen corporate governance. We have bolstered the governance of the Group by consolidating inter- nal audit and control functions at the holding company. At the same time, we have implemented an overall revision of the
system for the compensation of directors with the aim of ensuring transparency and heightening incentives in relation to corporate value enhancement. As well as increasing the trans- parency of fixed compensation, the new system ensures that performance-linked compensation is strictly based on valua- tions of results. This system, together with the introduction of a stock compensation plan with restriction of transfer, will give senior management the same viewpoint as that of sharehold- ers as it advances measures to enhance corporate value.
To Realize Both Social and Economic Value
The Group will convert society’s expectations into opportunities.
 Although we have been delayed in reaching the management targets set out in Road to 2020, we still view them as targets that we must meet eventually. At present, we are conducting analysis with a view to preparing our next medium-term man- agement plan. At this juncture, one point that has become clear is that we not only have to be even more aware of eco- nomic value but also of social value.
The Group is steadily moving forward with efforts to reduce any adverse impact its businesses have on society. For exam- ple, we are conducting supply chain management in accor- dance with such principles as the elimination of child labor and forced labor and rigorous management of products containing potentially hazardous chemicals. Reuse initiatives in the
FY2020 SEGA SAMMY Group Mission Pyramid
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business exemplify the Group’s efforts to simultaneously realize social and economic value. Meanwhile, the responsibilities of entertainment corpo- rate groups are becoming onerous due to such factors as the international recognition of “gaming disorder” as an addiction. In ensuring that society continues to value and need us,
I believe there may be occasions when we have to sacrifice short-term income. Turning to opportunities, however, we can help cope will the emergence of a super-aging society and other social issues through our mainstay businesses. In our efforts to sustain growth going forward, we will view society’s expectations in relation to such areas as the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) as growth opportuni- ties and include concrete measures in our plans accordingly.
The SEGA SAMMY Group aims to continue implementing sound, far-sighted measures and providing moving experiences to society. To these ends, each employee will take issues seriously and tackle them with a sense of urgency.
As we move forward, we would like to ask our stakeholders for their continued support.
August 2019
President and Group COO (Representative Director) SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC.
“Continuing to create moving experiences”
―Making life more colorful― Be a Game Changer
FY2020 Target : Operating income margin 15% / ROA 5%
“Creation is Life” ×
“Always Proactive, Always Pioneering”
  Mission (Raison d’être)
   Goal (Specific target)
Value (Mindset / DNA)
 Vision (Ideal self)
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 21
 
Driving the Moving Experience Creation Cycle
Moving Experience Creation Cycle
The SEGA SAMMY Group recognizes various issues that need to be resolved in order to realize a strong cycle of “Moving Experience Creation Process” that contributes to society and increases corporate value by continu- ing to create “Moving Experiences” that exceed customer expectations, rather than “Products” and “Services.”
   Ideal form
“Moving Experience Creation Cycle” We Aim to Realize Ideal form
   By continuously providing moving experiences, we continue to provide value that exceeds their expectations, so that we will continue to be selected as a company.
Customers
Society
Contributing to an affluent lifestyle through the creation of a moving experiences and promoting SDGs and ESG measures, including thorough compliance, will make us a company that be selected by society.
        Ideal form
The Group continues to create products and services that provide moving experiences
to customers in a unified manner.
Ideal form
Products and Services
MISSION
“Continuing to create moving experiences”
—Making life more colorful—
THREE STRENGTHS
Financial Foundations
Ideal form
A robust structure that enables the creation of stable and highly efficient cash flows through a strong cycle, achieving
a high total return ratio, and making sufficient investments in organizational capital and human resources.
        Innovative DNA
Business Portfolio
Human Resources and Organizational Capital
Ideal form
Financial Foundations
      22
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
Achieve stable recruitment and development of diverse human resources that will serve as
sources of innovation for the sustainable creation of moving experiences.
Build an organization that shares values and enables the Group and external partners to make mutual use of management resources to continuously realize Creating moving experiences. As a result, we establish a SEGASAMMY brand that is a testament to the support of customers and society, and realize a virtuous cycle in which people, partners, and customers come together.
A cycle in which “Visible Assets (Financial Foundations, Products and Services)” and “Invisible Assets (“Human Resources and Organizational Capital, Customers, and Society”)” are raised synergistically.

Challenges for Realizing a Strong Cycle
   Challenges P.39–
We have not been able to continuously provide moving experiences at a level that will ensure we will continue to be selected by customers.
Challenges
Products and services that generate moving experiences have not been able to provide due to some factors, such as continuous low approval rates of proto-type testing for new regulation (No. 6 model) machines and a shortage of hit titles for digital games.
Customers
Products and Services
Society
Financial Foundations
Challenges
Creating moving experiences utilizing our comprehensive strengths is insufficient. The SDGs and ESG measures have just begun.
P.64–
Challenges
Earnings are unstable due to insufficient cycles.
               P.36–38, P.87–95
 P.39–
Human Resources and Organizational Capital
Efforts completed
Major Initiatives
• Renewed SEGA SAMMY Group brand logo
• Relocation of head office and consolidation of head office functions
    Challenges
• Although diverse ways of working are practiced based on the concept of work-style reforms it has not yet become widespread enough.
• We are promoting the sharing of values across the entire Group, but there is insufficient interaction and connection within the Group.
P.66–67
• Integration of administrative and licensing functions
• Establishment of Resort Business Headquarters
• Consolidation of Group auditing and internal control functions • Reorganization of Entertainment Contents Business
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 23

            Driving the Moving Experience Creation Cycle
Target Virtuous Cycles of Three Strengths
The SEGA SAMMY Group aims to achieve sustainable Creating Moving Experiences by unlocking the potential of its three strengths of “Innovative DNA,” “Financial Foundations” and “Business Portfolio” and creating a cycle in which these strengths are synergistically enhanced.
CREATION
Innovative DNA
By making full use of “Innovative DNA,” we aim to strengthen our business portfolio by providing moving experiences with unrivaled competitiveness in a wide range of business fields.
DIVERSITY
Business Portfolio
By diversifying the risk of business environmental changes, we will continue to generate stable earnings and maintain stable financial foundations.
             Digital games
Pachislot machines
Packaged games
    ©Sammy
Amusement machines
Amusement center operations
Animation and toys
   ©SEGA
Pachinko machines
Resort
  POSITIVE CYCLE
           R&D expenses
      24 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
FINANCIAL BASE
Financial Foundations
Stable investment in growth areas based on
a strong financial base.
This will lead to the strengthening of the “Innovative DNA.”
20%
R&D expenses and content production expenses
to net sales ratio
Content production expenses

Innovative DNA
     The SEGA SAMMY Group was formed as a result of the management integration of SEGA, which pursued innovation that did not exist anywhere else in the world based on the Company Credo “Creation is Life,“ and Sammy, which consistently chal- lenged uncharted area in the industry based on the Company Credo “Always Proactive, Always Pioneering.” We will continue to create sustainable moving experiences by exploiting the creativity potential that each company has fostered and creating new “Innovative DNA” through the fusion of these strengths.
 Business Portfolio
     The SEGA SAMMY Group is building a well-balanced business portfolio that spans a wide range of entertainment areas through management integration. We believe that this is the foundation for sustainable corporate value expansion which supporting stable earnings even in an environment that “playing options” for users are increasing and competi- tion for capturing users occurs in the entertainment sector, and improving asset efficiency by effectively utilizing a single IP in multiple businesses.
   Financial Foundations
  Many of our Group’s busi- nesses are so-called “hit business” in which continued development investment is required to create a hit, and the presence or absence of a hit has a major impact on profits. Financial stability and the ability to generate cash, primarily in the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business, support stable investment in development and enable long- term investment in Resort and other businesses.
Equity Ratio / Net Cash
Billions of yen / % 96.4 86.3
89.5
65.1
   Net cash 
Debt to equity ratio (times)
The strong financial foundations of the Group,
安定的な開発投資を可能にする当グループ
which enable stable investment in
の強固な財務基盤が競争優位になる
development, will be a competitive advantage.
  60.0
 55.3 71.8 56.6
 ’15 ’16 ’17
Equity ratio
’15 ’16 ’17 0.35 0.45 0.34
’18 ’19
’18 ’19
0.28 0.25
(FY)
59.0
65.0
         * Net cash = Cash and deposits (cash and cash deposits + cash equivalents) –borrowings
* D/E ratio = Interest bearing debt / equity capital rounded up to the second decimal place
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 25

       Driving the Moving Experience Creation Cycle
Road Map for Corporate Value Enhancement
The Group is steadily implementing various measures to continuously exceed the expectations of its custom- ers, society and shareholders on a long-term basis.
 Exceed Customer Expectations
“Continuing to create
moving experiences” ― Making life more colorful ―
Be a Game Changer
FY2020 Target : Operating income margin 15% / ROA 5%
“Creation is Life” ×
“Always Proactive, Always Pioneering”
Customer
               Mission (Raison d’être)
Value
Value
(Mindset / DNA)
(価値観・DNA)
       Vision (Ideal self)
       Goal (Specific target)
Products and services
      Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
 Sammy...the wellspring of new ideas as an innovator in the industry
P.40
        P.35, P.48–55
    Promotion of IP-Oriented Strategy
Full utilization of existing IP, revival IP, and external IP Introduction of new IP
 Entertainment Contents Business
 エンタテイBンeaメGンamトeコChンangテerンツ事業 P.48
 Human resources and Organizational capital
   Maximizing the value of IP
知的財産の価値最大化
   Resort Business
 BeanリExゾpeーrieトnt事ial業Innovator P.56
    26 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

                                               Reduction of Capital Costs and Simultaneous Creation of Social and Economic Values
  Surpass
株主の
Shareholders’ 期E待xpをec超tatえionるs
 Sustainably Enhance Corporate Value
 Response to ESG risks Measures of each business (for environment and society) Strengthening governance
                P.64–86
  Priority issues of the SDGs
 Super low birth rate and aging population
Diverse ways of working
Countermeasures for addiction
Responses to other environmental and social risks
Society
            Risk reduction and effective use of external resources
  Financial Foundations
P.36–38
         Strengthening our financial foundations towards paticipation in the IR and ensuring flexibility
in financing
Stable dividend
            Leverage control (Maintain equity ratio of 50% to 60%)
     P.67
P.66–67
    Integration of management and licensing divisions
Consolidation of head office functions Reorganization of SEGA
     Securing diverse human resources
Shifting human resources to strategic areas Work-style reforms
Human resource development
(Operation of SEGA SAMMY College)
 株主の
Surpass Society’s
Expectations
期待を超える
   Improving personnel productivity and enhancing innovation capabilities
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 27
Exceed the expectations of all stakeholders
Improving capital efficiency
Enhancing productivity and sustain- ability of non-financial capital

Driving the Moving Experience Creation Cycle
ESG Risks and Countermeasures in the Value Chain
Recognizing that the various ESG risks faced by different face-to-face markets and business models confront different types of risk, our group has taken steps to address these risks and has identified key themes for contrib- uting to the SDGs.
PACHISLOT AND PACHINKO MACHINES
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
13 P.40
     Planning and development
Regulatory revision G Before they can be sold, pachislot and pachinko
machines must receive approval through prototype testing, which determines whether machines are compliant with the Entertainment Establishments Control Law and other statutory laws and regula- tions. Therefore, regulatory revision can signifi- cantly affect the marketability and unit sales of pachislot and pachinko machines.
Response
We are taking steps to increase efficiency with the aim of accelerating development so that we can swiftly respond to regulatory revision. Further,
we are developing machine models with diverse gameplay that a wide range of customers can enjoy casually.
オペOpレerーatiシonョsン Deterioration of image due to
Manufacturing
Sales
   In-house
Outsourcing
   Environmental burden of raw materials and the processing of recovered and surplus components
E
improper modifications or playing S techniques
There is concern that the use of improperly modi- fied pachinko and pachislot machines in commer- cial operations or improper playing techniques could harm the image of pachinko and pachislot, ultimately leading to the contraction of the pachinko and pachislot machine market.
Response
We coordinate with industry associations in a voluntary drive to collect pachinko and pachislot machines that have been improperly modified. In addition, we have established an office tasked with preventing illegal acts, which gathers market information and contributes to the manufacture of pachinko and pachislot machines that are highly resistant to improper modification. We also take measures to urge caution in relation to strategy guides that are unfounded.
Sammy’s manufacturing processes could give rise to surplus electrical components and other compo- nents. We use natural resources, such as wood, and materials that could place a burden on the environment, such as adhesives. Also, processing pachinko and pachislot machines at the end of their service lives is an important responsibility.
Response
We are committed to the “3Rs” (Reduce, reuse and recycle) throughout all our business processes. At the design and development stages, we are work- ing to standardize parts and share parts between pachislot and pachinko machines, and we reuse machines removed from pachinko halls. We are promoting the use of water-based adhesives with less environmental impact.
 ENTERTAINMENT CONTENTS
Entertainment Contents Business
13 P.48
Game addiction
     Digital Games area
Excessive use by minors S In the digital games market, social problems asso-
ciated with minors who incur excessive fees when playing games based on the Gacha system, which encourages gambling aspects, are not infrequent. Content vendors are required to take countermea- sures for this issue.
Response
For certain titles, we have applied age authentica- tion to set upper limits on monthly fees. Also, we have established and implemented in-house guide- lines to avoid the use of vague terms that can give players overly high expectations and to prevent the charging of excessive fees.
In-house
Outsourcing
S
Planning and
development
Distribution and sales
Operations and additional distribution
     Customer support
Unlike packaged games, digital games maintain contact between the provider and consumers. Therefore, the provision of ongoing support is necessary. Any shortcomings in such support could harm brands.
Response
S
 28 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
Normally, we respond to customer inquiries through a player support helpdesk. If needed, however,
we establish dedicated helpdesks.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has recog- nized gaming disorder as a mental disease.
Response
Research has begun by external experts with a fair, neutral, professional background, led by game organizations such as CESA, JOGA, MCF, and JeSU.

 ESG Risks Key Themes for Contribution to SDGs
Super low birth Diverse ways Countermeasures for E Environmental Risks S Social Risks G Governance Risks 1 rate and aging 2 of working 3 addiction
 Amusement Machine Sales area
Compliance in relation to procurement
In-house Outsourcing
population
P.66
    Planning and development
Manufacturing
Sales
Operation
    The amusement machine sales area has a fabless business model. If we used our advantageous position to conduct unfair business transactions or failed to comply with the applicable laws in relation to labor practices, we could become subject to legal sanctions. Furthermore, failure to conform to the worldwide strengthening of environmental regulations could lead to the rejection of
our products.
Amusement Center Operations area
Guidance and development of young people
S
   Planning and development
As an operator of amusement centers, we have a social responsibility to take measures in relation to minors that comply with laws prohibiting smoking, restricting access to venues, restricting entry to amusement centers including restaurants that serve alcohol, and prohibiting alcohol consumption.
RESORT
Resort Business
IR
(Integrated resort)
Compliance violations
Any litigation filed against us or any penalties incurred from regulatory authorities for violations of laws or ordinances may have an impact on our brand image and possibly affect our participation in domestic integrated resort operations.
Response
3
Measures against addiction
P.56
ESG
We strive to build fair and equitable relationships with our suppliers based on the Supply Chain Procurement Guidebook and the Group Code of Conduct. In the amusement machine sales area, which has a large number of suppliers, we have established a separate AM Material Procurement Policy to ensure
fair transactions. In addition, based on the Standards for Chemical Substances in Sega machines and Products all suppliers are requested to establish and operate a chemical substance management system and are monitored.
In-house Outsourcing
Response
We educate employees based on an operational manual that clarifies how to respond appropriately with regard to restricting minors’ access to venues and prohibiting smoking. We strictly prohibit the consumption of alcohol and smok- ing by minors in our amusement centers.
Procurement
Response
Operation
        Planning
Development
Management of IR facilities with casinos (Overseas)
Management of resort complexes without casinos (Japan)
 In-house
Outsourcing
  G
S
Lack of responsiveness to social demands for measures against gambling addiction could invite public backlash and jeopardize business continuity.
Response
 Under the Group Compliance Liaison Committee, we are working to build a corporate structure that fosters the development of sound corporate manage- ment in observance of laws, ordinances, and societal norms.
Through industry–academia joint research with Kyoto University we are working to develop systematic measures against gambling addiction.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 29

Driving the Moving Experience Creation Cycle
Mega Trends: Opportunities and Risks
Because we conduct business activities in fields with different industrial characteristics, the business environment varies. Based on a medium- to long-term perspective, we are continuously working to expand our corporate value.
 Mega Trends
市 場 環 境:自 主 規 制 の 変 更
 As a result of the gradual strengthening of regulations, the number of game players continues to decline and the number of units sold continues to decline. After the recent revisions of regulations that took effect in February 2018, environment are expected to broaden the base of users with divergence of playability, but the introduction of machines that meet the new has been delayed. To revitalize the market, game machines that attract a wide range of users are required to be introduced.
The digitally distributed games market is
trending toward expansion due to increasing Billions of yen online distribution.
Further, Japan’s mobile games market is
seeing fiercer competition and increased
domination by certain titles. As for the 8,266.7 amusement center market, partial regulatory 6,714.8 1,308.0 relaxation has produced a clear recovery 1,538.9
trend.
9.5 million players
1.8 million units
          Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
  Entertainment Contents Business
In July 2018, as the Integrated Resort Development Bill, which includes casinos, was enacted, and moves toward the estab- lishment of integrated resort, which the government regards as the trump card for “a tourism-oriented country” are gaining momentum.
Candidate locations and operators will be selected in the future.
Pachinko and Pachislot Machine Unit Sales and Number of Pachinko and Pachislot Players
4.9 million units
14.5 million players
 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 (CY) Pachinko and pachislot machine unit sales (Millions of units) 
Number of pachinko and pachislot players (Millions of players)
Source: Yano Research Institute Ltd.
Source: White Paper on Leisure Industry, Japan Productivity Center
 Market Size of Packaged Game and Digital Distribution Game
6,958.7 5,175.9
’14 ’15
Market size of digital distribution games market*1  Source: Famitsu Game White Paper 2019
13,177.3 1,154.3
12,023.0
’18 (FY) Market size of packaged games market*2
10,896.5
8,997.7 1,197.6 1,153.2
 7,844.5
9,698.9
’16 ’17
*1 Total of income from digital distribution of mobile games, PC online games, and home video games *2 Including income from packaged home video games and packaged PC games
    Integrated Resort (IR) Development Bill, enacted (Established July 2018)
Establishment of the Casino Administration Committee
RFP by local governments (public offering and selection)
Area selection
Obtain a gaming license
Entry into domestic IR business
      Resort Business
30 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

  Anticipated Opportunities and Risks
市 場 環 境:自 主 規 制 の 変 更
Responses
市 場 環 境:自 主 規 制 の 変 更
  Promotion of reuse
Building an industry platform Improvement of development efficiency BtoC strategy
Application for multiple specifications Development of pachislot and pachinko machines in accordance with market trends
P.40
   Packaged Games
Expansion of development studios
Expansion of overseas publishing business
Development of next-generation titles Maximize IP asset value
Digital Games
Maintenance of earnings through long-term operation of existing titles
Optimization of the number of titles under development and operation in the Digital Games area
Reconsidering focus area P.48
   Acquisition of know-how for the success of IR business
Improving the profitability of Phoenix Resort
Countermeasures to addiction P.56
  Opportunities
Possibility of expanding user base
As the scope of development has expanded due to changes in voluntary regulations, machines conforming to the new regulation may expand the user base.
Expansion of replacement demand
With the introduction of machines conforming to the new regulation, it is necessary to gradually remove machines conforming to the previous regulation according to the installation deadline, and the replacement demand is expected to increase.
Opportunities
■ Expansion of the packaged games market
The packaged game market is expanding, sup- ported by growth in the European, North America, and Asian markets.
Growth potential of the overseas
online games market
The expansion of diverse game distribution platforms has great potential, particularly in overseas markets.
Opportunity
Commercialization of a domestic
IR business
If integrated resort is realized in Japan in the future and our group’s entry into the market is realized, there is a strong possibility that this business will become a major revenue source.
Risks
Decline in the number of players
The decline in the number of players will reduce the capital investment capacity of halls and affect the number of machines sold.
■ Risk of approval status
The approval rate, which has remained at a low level due to the recent revision of regulations, may have a significant impact on sales.
Risks
■ Intensifying competition in the domestic digital games market
The risk of not being able to realize the expected return on investment is increasing as a result of intensified competition due to a slowdown in growth of market and the fixation of top titles. (Digital Games area)
        Risks
Risk of entering into domestic
IR business
Delays in legislation related to integrated resorts will have a major impact on our group’s long-term scenario.There is also a risk that investment may not be recovered unless the Company is selected as a business entity.
Risks associated with response to
addiction issues
Neglecting to respond adequately to addiction issues and other social issues could expose the Group to social criticism or render sustained development of the industry impossible.
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 31

Driving the Moving Experience Creation Cycle
Business Models of the Main Business Segments
The SEGA SAMMY Group advances business activities across an expansive area in the entertainment sector, and its business models in each field are markedly different. Therefore, we tirelessly adapt our business models to better reflect changes in operating environments.
 Value Chain of the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
     Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
Average development lead time:
1 year-2.5 years
Promote shortening of development lead time under Road to 2020
Average sales lead time: 1 month ~
 In-house
In-house
In-house or agency
  pment Manufa
cturing Sal
es Oper
   Component reuse
Conversion into components
Reduction of component costs and environmental burden
Collection of trade-ins
   Develo
In-house
ations
   Features of this business are the susceptibility of product cycles and profit margins to new machine installations and utilization rates at pachinko halls as well as the high percentage of costs for which electronic components account. We are taking measures to realize efficient development while reusing more components to increase cost effectiveness.
Outsourcing
 Average return on investment cycle: 24 months to 30 months
    Amusement Machine Sales Area Amusement Center Operations Area
In-house
Development
Outsourcing
Production
In-house
Sales
Amusement center operators
In-house amusement centers
Supply Chain of the Amusement Machine Sales Area and
Amusement Center Operations Area
             In the amusement machine sales area, we have a fabless business model. We focus on planning, design, and development and contract manufacturing to partner companies. Also, we are diversifying sales models to stimulate the market. In the amusement center operations area, our business model is based on capital investment.
Sell out
売切り型
This is a traditional business model in which rev-
従 来 型 の ビ ジ ネ ス モ デ ル で あ り 、販 売 と 同 時 に 売 り
enues are recorded as products are sold.
上げを計上します。
Introduction of electronic money
電子 マネーの導入
We are introducing electronic money to
柔軟な価格設定が可能となり、キャッ
enable flexible adjustment of pricing,
シュレス化による顧客利便性の向上だ
increase customer convenience through
け で な く 、店 舗 オ ペ レ ー シ ョン の 効 率 化
the realization of cashless payment, 等anをd目he的igとhtしenてthいe まeffすici。ency of amuse-
 Revenue-sharing business model
レベニューシェアモデル
In the revenue-sharing business model, we provide
低廉な価格で筐体供給とコンテンツの無償供与を行
low-priced machine cabinets and free contents to
うとともに、機器の稼働に応じて売上を当グループと
amusement center operators, sharing revenues from the
オペレータでシェアするビジネスモデルです。市場
utilization of the amusement machines with them. The のai活m性of化thiとsb継us続in的essなm収od益elのis確to保stがim目ula的teでthすem。aこrkのetビ
and secure a source of continuous earnings. Increased
ジネスモデルの採用が増加すると短期的には売上の
adoption of this business model makes short-term
伸長が鈍化したように見えます。
revenue growth appear to have softened.
 CVT kits C V T キ ット
Amusement center operators use CVT
C V T キ ット は 、コ ン テ ン ツ の バ ー ジ ョ ン
kits to introduce the latest game contents
アップ、基板や外装等の交換キットで
or replace the boards and exteriors of
す。筐体を新たに購入することなくゲー
existing machines. CVT kits help lessen ムthのe iバnveーstジmョenンt bアurッdeプn oがf a可m能useでmあenるt た
center operators by enabling them to
め、施設 オペレータの設備投資軽減に
upgrade games without purchasing new
貢献します。
machine cabinets.
32 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
In-house
Outsourcing
ment center operations.

 Business Model of Digital Games Area
Distribution and operation
    Development
  Digital Games Area Packaged Games Area
    In the digital games area, F2P* is the most common business model. This model entails continuously investing in apps after their release to extend their lifetimes while recovering initial investments (development and advertising costs). In the packaged games
area, as well as selling standard packaged games through stores, we are strengthening online compat- ibility such as download sales and distribution of additional contents, which is resulting in the increasing emergence of long-term sales patterns.
* Free-to-Play
In-house
Outsourcing
Additional updates
    Development
In-house
Outsourcing
F2P
Business Model of Packaged Games Area
 In-house
Outsourcing
In-house or Outsourcing
Production
Sales
    Sell out
Additional content
 Number of Packaged Games Sales
Increasing Repeat Sales
Digital distribution of packaged games
is trending upward. The lengthening of sales is progressing due to the expan- sion of game distribution platforms for PCs such as STEAM. As with digital games, the diversification of revenues has also progressed, such as additional contents after release. In recent years, a rise in repeat sales has been contributing to the basic levels of unit sales and improving profitability.
Millions of units
23.44
4.09
17.33
8.13
9.20
’18
25.19
14.50
 Repeat sales
’19 ’20 (FY) (Forecast)
9.22 10.28
2.64 5.24 6.58 5.04
’16 ’17
New title sales
19.35
10.69
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 33

                                                                   Driving the Moving Experience Creation Cycle IP Strategy
 Total WarTM Series
IP Enhancements for Existing IP Sonic Series
While continuing development of games, we plan to release a live action–computer graphics Hollywood movie in spring 2020 aimed at raising the profile of Sonic among the young generation.
      Themed on the Three Kingdom Saga legends, Total WarTM: THREE KINGDOMS, which is the latest installation of Total WarTM, a highly popular IP in North America and Europe as a PC game, is earning endorsement in China and other Asian countries. In the first week after release, download sales surpassed
1 million units.
©SEGA
   ©SEGA.
Developed by The Creative Assembly, Ltd.
       ©SEGA
Create new IP
Judgment
The Ryu ga Gotoku Studio has taken on the challenge of creating an IP in a new genre. We are also marketing this title overseas.
New Sakura Wars
©SEGA
Kemono Friends
(Digital Games and Amusement Machine Sales areas)
For amusement machines and smartphones, the Group launched game titles featuring an external IP that has gained popularity as an animation series for television.
©SEGA
Mega Drive Mini
We will release Mega Drive Mini, a miniaturized game terminal that reproduces the Mega Drive home video game console released in 1988 and which includes 42 video games. Overseas, we have launched Sega Genesis Mini, which reproduces the version marketed
in North America.
Grow existing IP
©Kemono Friends Project2G ©SEGA
Utilize external IP
©Kemono Friends Project2G ©SEGA
   Four IP*
Strategies
Our group classifies its IPs assets into four categories: existing IP, new IP, revived IP, and external IP, and is strengthening its global deployment across multiple devices such as mobile, PC, and console. We will expand profit opportunities and maximize IP value through the full utilization of IPs to achieve sustainable growth in corporate value.
Leverage revived IP
                34
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
We launched the first Sakura Wars title in 1996, rolling out the popular IP not only through subsequent iterations of the game but also through various media. We have unveiled a completely new title for the first time since the release of the previous title 14 years ago in 2005.
* IP: Intellectual property

   IP Portfolio
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines
Multifaceted rollout
Digital Games
Packaged Amusement Machine
Games Sales etc.
Cumulative unit sales / downloads
 Examples of acquired IP
IP title
Toys,
     First appearance year
Total editions
 Megami Tensei
series
  1992
    —
  30
 Approx. 17.4 million (Units / DL*3) (packaged and digital total)
  Persona series
 1996
    —
  16
 Approx. 10.2 million (Units / DL) (packaged and digital total)
 Total WarTM series
 2000
 —
   —
 —
 —
 More than 27.6 million (Units / DL)
 Football Manager
series
  2004
  —
      —
  —
  —
  More than 20.0 million (Units / DL)
   Examples of IP developed in-house
First
IP title appearance
year
Multifaceted rollout
Total editions
Cumulative unit sales / downloads
      白黒印刷用
 Sonic the Hedgehog
series
  1991
            —
  Approx. 920 million (Units / DL*3) (packaged and digital total)
  Puyo Puyo
series
カラー印刷用 色の変更については都度ご相談ください。
 1991*1
—
Approx. 29.0 million (Units / DL*3/ ID) (packaged and digital, AM-registered ID total
(total for registrations after IP acquisition)
New Sakura Wars
series
  1996
          —
  —
  Approx. 3.8 million units (packaged and digital total)
   Ryu ga Gotoku
series
2005
—
101
Approx. 12.0 million (Units / DL) (packaged total)
  ALADDIN
series
  1989
        —
    14
  Approx. 570 thousand units
(pachislot and pachinko machines and amusement machines total)
 Beast King
series
 2001
—
17
Approx. 500 thousand units
(pachislot and pachinko machines and amusement machines total)
  PHANTASY STAR
series
  1987
  —
      —
    —
  Approx. 5.50 million users*2 (cumulative total for registered IDs)
  CHAIN CHRONICLE
series
 2013
    —
 —
 3
 Approx. 19.0 million (Units / DL*3) (packaged and digital total)
  *1 SEGA CORPORATION acquired the rights in 1998. Figures for cumulative unit sales are the totals for titles that SEGA sold after acquiring the rights. *2 Total for PHANTASY STAR ONLINE 2
*3 Including downloads of free-to-play titles
 Examples of IP licensed from third parties
First
IP title appearance
year
Multifaceted rollout
Total editions
Cumulative unit sales / downloads
       SEGA feat. HATSUNE MIKU Project series
 2009
 —
     61
 Approx. 6.1 million (Units / DL) (packaged and digital total)
  Hokuto No Ken
series
 2002
      32
 Approx. 2.88 million units (pachislot and pachinko machines total)
  SOUTEN-NO-KEN
series
  2009
        —
    12
  Approx. 470 thousand units (pachislot and pachinko machines total)
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 35

 Driving the Moving Experience Creation Cycle
A Message from the CFO
To Achieve Our Long-Term Vision
We recognize the pressing need to strengthen our existing businesses.
We will create a management strategy geared toward clear realization of our long-term vision, driven by strong financial backing.
Koichi Fukazawa
Executive Vice President and Group CFO (Director of the Board) SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC.
    36 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
Looking back on the two-year period since the start of the Road to 2020 medium-term business strategy, the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business declined due to the effect of an external factor, namely, regulatory revision in February 2018. Further, performance remained sluggish in the digital games area, which the Group had identified as a driver of its growth and invested in accordingly. As a result, we missed our origi- nally announced performance targets for two consecutive fiscal years. As for our forecast for fiscal year 2020, the final
fiscal year of Road to 2020, we have already announced a forecast that falls short of initial targets.
As our existing businesses grapple with this situation, we find ourselves getting closer and closer to our entry into the IR business in Japan, positioned as a pillar of future growth, and thus a major event for the Group. To make a successful entry we need to clear three hurdles: first, we need to be selected at a local government’s request for proposal (RFP); second, we need to work with that local government to acquire regional

 STEP 1
STEP 2
STEP 3
   certification; and third, we need to acquire a gaming license from the Casino Administration Committee. In actuality, it may take six to seven years before we can open an integrated resort, but to ensure that all the steps required go as planned, that we are able to make a proper entry into the domestic IR
Process for Opening an Integrated Resort
business, and that we can achieve our long-term vision, I believe we need to build the profit structure of our existing businesses into something larger and stronger.
           RFP (Public offering and selection) (Local government)
Regional certification (Minister of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism)
Acquisition of gaming license (Casino Administration Committee)
Integrated resort opening
     Keeping Aware of Return on Investments
We will enhance the earning power of our businesses.
  In fiscal year 2019, net cash decreased ¥17.7 billion year on year, to ¥71.8 billion, mainly due to relocation expenses associ- ated with consolidation of head office functions. To date, the Group has put a high priority on maintaining and expanding its net cash position. This has been a necessary move, made to ensure that we have the financial base to be able to assume any business or financial model required as the only domestic company trying to stand the equivalent position with worldwide casino operators that have announced their entry into the domestic IR business.
However, as I have mentioned earlier, while we will be looking at things in terms of entering the domestic IR business moving forward, there is a need to shift toward increasing earning power, not only in new businesses but in existing business areas as well. It is therefore necessary to be strongly conscious of capital cost further when strengthening existing businesses and investing in new businesses. Considering our
portfolio, which is formed by various businesses with different characteristics and financial situations, if we take utilization of return on invested capital (ROIC) and other performance indica- tors into account, while also incorporating management indica- tors such as cash conversion cycles into the activities of each respective business, we will be able to at once maintain control over an appropriately sized balance sheet for our existing businesses as well as making it possible to actively and effec- tively pursue forward-looking investments. I believe that this will in turn lead to an improved return on equity (ROE).
To strengthen the earning power of our existing busi- nesses, we revised our management strategy for fiscal year 2020. In the Entertainment Contents Business, we will optimize the number of titles under development and operation in the digital games area. We plan to increase earning power by investing in areas where we expect to see market growth and also areas where we have strength in such that North American
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 37

Driving the Moving Experience Cycle
A Message from the CFO
 and European packaged games and PC games.
While regulatory revisions have changed the market condi-
tions of the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business, we plan to expand revenue by obtaining the approval of machines
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business:
that conform to the new regulation and releasing machines that can gain support from users while also leveraging the measures that we have implemented to improve profits to date.
Digital Games Area:
   Operating Income Margin
Operating Income (Losses)
   % Billions of yen
40 10 30 8
Return to profitability by optimizing titles under development and operation
   20 10
6 4 2
00 (FY)
(FY)
  ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 ’20
(Forecast)
Maintaining a Strong Sense of Caution
−2
’15
’16
’17
’18
’19
’20 (Forecast)
  We are analyzing the past 15 years from a financial perspective to identify Company issues.
It has been 15 years since the management integration in October 2004. Over this 15-year period, market capitalization has fallen one quarter, a fact which I feel is my responsibility as CFO. We are currently running a financial analysis of the last
15 years, looking at various measures we have implemented in that time, including measures to improve profitability in existing
Market Capitalization and Adjusted EV / EBITDA
Billions of yen
1,400.0 1,200.0 1,000.0
800.0 600.0 400.0 200.0
businesses, post-merger integration (PMI), and entries into new businesses. As we move forward, I maintain a strong sense of caution and awareness of the issues facing us. At the same time, I intend to fulfill my obligation to keep improving the corporate value of the Group by driving its growth strategy on one side of the coin, and its financial strategy on the other.
Times
12 10 8 6 4 2
       00
’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 (FY) Market capitalization  Adjusted EV / EBITDA
* Calculated as of the end of March in respective years
 38 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

  Business Strategy by Segment
 Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
P.40
Entertainment Contents Business
P.48
Resort Business
P.56
                     INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 39

  Net Sales Breakdown (Fiscal Year 2019) Road to 2020の実効施策と成果
  Pachinko and pachislot machine industry Sammy share
   Unit sales in the market (2018)
Pachislot
450,000 units
Pachinko
1,370,000 units
Source: Yano Research Institute Ltd.
“Trend and Market Share of
Pachinko Manufacturers for Fiscal 2019”
Potential barriers to market entry Development of manufacturing bases, develop- ment of sales channels, and accumulation of development capabilities centered on capabilities of creating visual effects
 Market share of pachislot machine
14.8%
Market share of pachinko machine
11.6%
    Demand side
   Pachinko halls
As declining player numbers reduce their investment capacity, pachinko hall operators are carefully selecting only those machines that generate return on investment consistently (machines with high utilization rates).
 Number of pachinko halls
2005
15,165
2018
10,060
Source: National Police Agency
 Demand side
   Players
Player numbers are declining due to restriction of gambling elements or changes in gameplay. As a result, pachinko halls’ investment capacity is weakening.
 Player population
2005
17.1 million
2018
9.5 million
Source: White Paper on Leisure Industry 2019, Japan Productivity Center
 Substitute products
   Diversification of entertainment
The young generation is leaving the pachinko and pachislot market as entertain- ment diversifies, with smart- phone apps being a representative example.
     Companies newly entering market
  External factors
Prototype testing rules and internal regulations of industry  For details please see DISCUSSION POINTS P.3.
Changes in regulations for the development and sales of new pachinko and pachislot machines can affect the gameplay of products as well as the development schedules of pachinko and pachislot machine manufacturers.
  Business Strategy by Segment
 Pachislot and Pachinko
In the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business, we are putting forth new efforts as a game changer of industry and improving profitability with the goal of generating stable profit.
Business Portfolio
The Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business is notable that the approval status of prototype testing affects its product cycles when devel- oping new titles in both pachislot and pachinko and the percentage of costs accounted for by electronic components is high. We are making efforts to realize efficient and high-quality development while increasing cost effectiveness by reusing components.
           101.4
Pachislot machines
24.7
Pachinko machines
Others (Smartphone and PC-based pachinko and pachislot contents, etc.)
16.8
¥
billion
¥
billion
¥
59.9
billion ¥
billion
Industry Structure
Pachislot DISC UP
©Sammy
Pachinko CR Shin Hokuto Muso Chapter 2
©Buronson & Tetsuo Hara/NSP 1983 Approved No. KOK-115 ©2010-2013 Koei Tecmo Games Co., Ltd. ©Sammy
 With the player population declining as a result of regulatory changes and entertainment diversification, pachinko hall operators’ financial posi- tions have worsened and the pachinko and pachislot machine market continues to contract. Consequently, the demand for expansion of the participating users is rising.
   40 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

 Pachislot and Entertainment Pachinko Machines Contents
Machines Business
Resort
    Fiscal Year 2019 Summary
As a result of the continuous low approval rate of pachislot machines with regulatory revisions, the number of titles released went below expectations and unit sales dropped 21% compared with the previ- ous fiscal year. On the other hand, continuous efforts to implement measures to improve profitability resulted in a 12.6% increase in operating income and an operating income margin of 13.2%,
a year-on-year increase of 1.9 percentage points.
Road to 2020 in Review
120.0
  105.6
11.3 11.9
101.4
13.2
13.4
24.2
29.0
’20 (FY) (Forecast)
Operating income margin (%)
    ’18 ’19 (Result) (Result)
Net sales (Billions of yen)  Operating income (Billions of yen) 
    The approval rate of pachislot machines was lower than expectations, causing unit sales to fall, which in turn led to a lower operating income margin from the initial target. However, operating income margins improved steadily as a result of various measures implemented to increase profit.
 MeasureRsoImapdlemtoent2ed0d2u0riのng実Ro効ad施to策20と20成an果dResults
 28.1% Key Measures
      Upside
• Increase percentage of reusable components
• Promote commonalization of components
• Cost reduction
• Establishment and launch
of ZEEG
• Implement brand strategy
• Improve development
efficiency
• Reduce common fixed expenses
24.2%
• •
Pachislot machines ratio decreased Unit sales decrease
Results
Designed products with reusability in mind Increased number of reusable components
Increased percentage of common components to 88% for pachislot machines and 52% for pachinko machines Proceeded with commonalization of components between pachislot and pachinko machines
Enhanced cost management utilizing cost indicators Reduced costs by transferring outsourced debugging work to insourced work and careful selection of exclusive items
Toward the unification of platform, launched machines using ZEEG-made cabinets from the previous fiscal year
Integrated into Sammy brands
Shortened development period (initial targets not reached due to regulation revisions)
Enhanced review process, narrowed down number of titles to develop
Made significant reductions to fixed expenses
Steady progress in improvement of profit margin
   Downside
Increase percentage of reusable components
  Promote commonaliza- tion of components
     Cost reduction
   Establishment and launch of ZEEG
    17.7% ’17
(Results)
’20 (Forecast)
’20 (Initial target)
(FY)
Implement brand strategy
   Improve development efficiency
    Reduce common fixed expenses
    INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 41

Business Strategy by Segment
 Measures for Fiscal Year 2020
Market Perception
The pachislot machine market is expected to expand as the deadline for the removal of machines made in accordance with the previous regulation is concentrated on October to December of fiscal year 2020. Moreover, No. 6 model machines will allow for shorter play time, which is expected to unearth new demand. Pachinko machines also benefit under the new regulation, which makes it possible to develop machines with high jackpot continu- ous rate and expands range of gameplay.
Market Environment: Changes of Voluntary Regulation
Shorter play time
Strengths
Sammy maintains a set of IP bearing brand strength, headed by the Hokuto no Ken series, which boasts cumulative sales of approximately 2.88 million units. In addition, with Sammy’s top
in class numbers of development personnel among the industry, making it possible to run multiple development pipeline in parallel.
Pachislot Market Forecast
  10,000 units
Number of pachislot units sold 56 45
’18 ’19 (FY) (Forecast)
      Pachislot machines
Pachinko machines
  Remove upper limit of number of obtained medals per game
Remove 65% upper limit in continuous rate of probability change
Pachinko Market Forecast
10,000 units
Number of paachinko units sold
137
130
    Development of machine with high jackpot continuous rate
 While gambling elements decline, the range of gameplay will expand.
 Source: Yano Research Institute Ltd. (2019 figures are SEGA SAMMY forecast)
(Forecast)
’18 ’19
(FY)
  Sammy’s Strengths (Development Capabilities)
 Industry-leading scale
433 development personnel
(As of March 31, 2019)
 Sammy’s Strengths (IP)
サミーの強み(IP)
  Owns multiple well-performing series
 Series Number of Cumulative unit sales* titles in series
 Hokuto no Ken
 32
 Approx. 2.88 million units
 ALADDIN
 14
 Approx. 560,000 units
 Beast King
 15
 Approx. 500,000 units
 SOUTEN-NO-KEN
  12
  Approx. 470,000 units
 Hokuto Muso
4
Approx. 160,000 units
 Eureka Seven
 3
 Approx. 130,000 units
 Bakemonogatari / Nisemonogatari
  9
  Approx. 120,000 units
 Code Geass
 3
 Approx. 60,000 units
        42 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
* Including spec changes version
Company Company Company Company Company Company Company Sammy Company HGFEDCB A

Pachislot and Entertainment Resort Pachinko Machines Contents
     Full-Year Forecast for Fiscal Year 2020
 Pachislot machines
Pachinko machines
Sales centered on machines confirming to the new regulation
Expect increase in unit sales due to increased demand from the removal of machines conforming to the previous regulation
Sales centered on machines conforming to the new regulation Expect unit sales to be on par with the previous fiscal year
   Future Policy and Forecast for Fiscal Year 2020
In pachislot machines, we will continue to submit machines with multiple specifications in order to increase approval ratio, to ensure that we can capture the opportunity associated with the demand to replace machines. We will also continue to introduce titles that utilize common cabinets made by ZEEG Co. Ltd., a joint venture with Universal Entertainment Corporation. Furthermore, we will continue to put forth new titles that reflect market trends, including machines with the number of obtainable medals per game set at a higher range, and machines with payouts that reflect players’ skill. In pachinko machines, as the regulatory revisions will allow Sammy to focus on its specialty—the development of machines with high
jackpot continuous rate—we will work actively to introduce new machines that comply with the new regulation.
In fiscal year 2020, we forecast unit sales of pachislot machines to increase by 53,000 units compared with the previous fiscal year, to 120,000, as a result of growing demand due to removal expiration of machines conforming to the previous regula- tion. Similarly, in pachinko machines we are projecting sales to increase by 4,000 units year on year, to 164,000, due to sales cen- tered on machines conforming to the new regulation. Moreover, we expect a significant increase in profits margin from implementing measures to improve profitability centered on promotion of reuse.
  Future Objectives
 Develop pachislot machines reflecting market trends
   Improve approval ratio
  Submit multiple specifications for both pachislot and pachinko machines
Machines with the number of obtainable medals per game set at a higher range
Machines with Effective use of payouts that reflect major existing IP players’ skill
 ZEEG’s Business Model
    Purchase using distribution centers / component companies
Purchase hardware as units and cabinets
ZEEG
Development and production by manufacturers
Universal Entertainment
Trade-in collected by manufacturers
Pachinko Halls
Improved cost management through reuse
  Provide software development environment
Deliver hardware as units and cabinets
    Integrated support for hardware and software
· Hardware supply
· Software development package (provide ZSDK)
· Reuse that utilizes economies of scale
· Increase reuse ratio of components and ratio of cabinet use
· Optimize purchasing costs on an individual component basis
Sammy
Other manufacturers
  Sales from each manufacturer
 Number of Unit Sales (Units)
Pachislot machines
Pachinko machines
Board + Frame
Board
(FY)
2018 (Results) 85,401 140,013 97,655 42,358
2019 (Results) 67,140 159,848 91,858 67,990
2020 (Forecast)
  120,000
 164,000
 78,600
 85,400
              INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 43

 SPECIAL TOPIC 1
 Make pachislot and pachinko machines “a familiar pastime”
           Overview of the Nittaku Group
Established in 1965 as a real estate developer. As a result
of diversification, the company is now operating real estate development, rental buildings, pachinko parlors, and game centers under the motto of “Urban leisure and service indus- tries” which is based on profits from commercial real estate located in urban areas. The company’s name “Nittaku” reflects the company’s founding spirit of “Reinventing ourselves daily and opening the way for the future.”
         Business Strategy by Segment
 DIALOGUE
Haruki Satomi
President and Group COO (Representative Director) SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC.
As the number of pachislot and pachinko users continues to decline due to the revision of regulations and diversification of entertainment, the pachislot and pachinko industry is required to make concerted efforts to return to “a familiar pastime.”
Takuro Nishimura, President and CEO of Nittaku Holdings CO., Ltd., and Haruki Satomi, Group COO, President
of our company, discussed the future of the industry.
        Takuro Nishimura
President and Chief Executive Officer Nittaku Holdings Co., Ltd.
  44 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

Pachislot and Entertainment Resort Pachinko Machines Contents
    To make pachislot and pachinko an enjoyable and familiar entertainment regardless of past
At its peak in the early 1990s, more than 20 years ago, pachislot and pachinko machines were said to have about 30 million users. However, the number has now fallen to less than about 10 million. In the past, entertainment had limited options, such as movies, travel, and pachinko parlors, but now there is a wide variety of entertainment and the current situation is to compete for disposable time among them. If we want to be a mass entertainer, it’s not easy given the shrinking market and the number of competitors. There are such dilemmas, but as the phrase “gameplay” indicates, we believe that the true essence of pachinko and pachislot is to provide “Play,” and so we should not go beyond that.
 Nishimura
Pachinko developed amid the chaos of the postwar
era, and during the period of rapid economic growth, it became a familiar form of entertainment.
In fact, the feature of gambling element came later, and it has been established for a long time. In order to control excessive gambling elements, regulations have been revised many times.
This is an industry with a very special history. On every new regula- tions revision, the pachislot and pachinko manufacturers created new game characteristics within the scope of the rules and contributed to maintaining the vitality of the pachislot and pachinko industry.
Nishimura
That’s right. Humans have a natural desire to seek
  Satomi
I first met with President Nishimura about 15 years
“more,” so it seems that their gambling element has gradually increased, and it has naturally become excessive, not inten-
tionally. To be honest with you, there was a time when the industry as a whole wanted a gaming machine with a high level of gambling element, but I think it was undoubtedly the bubble economy. Instead of dreaming about a return to the past, I think we should move to a “familiar pastime,” where we can enjoy ourselves casually while facing reality squarely
and gaining the understanding of our customers.
ago, and over those 15 years, the market environment has changed drastically due to the revision of regulations. The current
situation is that the industry has yet to reach a consensus on whether to restrict “gambling elements” and aim for familiar entertainment, or to pursue high levels of gambling elements within the bounds of regulations.
             INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 45
 
SPECIAL TOPIC 1
  Business Strategy by Segment
 Development of easy-to-play pachislot and pachinko machines and changes in the market environment
Satomi
Over the past 15 years, there have been constant
headwinds in the pachislot and pachinko industry. However, we believe that the revision of regulations in February 2018 and changes in the internal regulations of industry groups since then
will provide an opportunity to revitalize the market. With the revision of the internal rules, we can make a machine that can be played in a short time while the gambling element is suppressed.
I am hoping that we will be able to create demand again, for example, to stop by on the way home from work to play.
Nishimura
That’s right. In fact, we have seen the emergence of
new pachislot machines based on the new regulation (No. 6 model machines) that utilization is extremely well, and we feel the expectations of our customers. As a matter of fact, the overall ratio of utilization in pachinko halls has been improving over the past year. In addition to this trend, pachinko halls will continue to introduce machines conforming to the new regulation that are currently being developed by pachislot and pachinko machine manufacturers. We expect that the outlook for the next one to two years will be bright.
The future of the pachislot and pachinko industry
widespread, we will be able to resolve the problem of sound.
The third is that “it has become difficult to have draw a jackpot experi-
ence.” In the current gameplay environment, even if the amount of money you spend is large, you may not be able to draw a jackpot even once. If that happens, it will be difficult for people to think “Let’s come again tomorrow.” As a manufacturer, we want to develop machines that are easy to draw a jackpot and that are supported by users, while restraining the overall gambling element, which could be machines with payout ratios at a high range in some cases so that users can experience more “drawing a jackpot.”
On the other hand, if we can create a structure in which pachinko halls can secure profits by handling fees such as exchange rates, it will be a better environment for not only pachinko halls and users but for manufac- turers as well.
Other entertainment such as movies, bowling, and karaoke cost around ¥1,000 per hour. If you look at the average expenses of pachislot and pachinko users, it’s pretty close, but there’s a big difference between winners and losers.
We believe that if everyone can approach that price, it will become a more casual game, bringing back dormant users, and increasing the frequency of visits by existing users.
Satomi
While there are expectations for the future of new
regulation machines, I also hope that “three major reasons why you don’t want to go to pachinko” may be resolved from a long-term perspective.
One is “tobacco.” Smoking rates in pachinko halls are extremely high, and this is one of the reasons why people avoid playing pachinko. In April 2020, the revised Health Promotion Law went into full effect and as a general rule, smoking is prohibited inside restaurants and other facilities. If all pachinko halls had separate smoking rooms and smoking was prohibited at the seats, there would be a possibility that non- smokers would visit the pachinko halls.
The second is the sound. The noise of pachinko balls which are from pachinko balls and medals paid out and sound effects of machines themselves are major causes of annoyance. Some users even play with earplugs. To address this issue, the industry is currently developing pachinko machines with digital payouts and medal-less pachislot machines as well as directional speakers that can be heard only by players. If they are put into practical use in the future and become
46 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
       
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines
Entertainment Resort Contents
Regarding the addiction problem
        Satomi
In order to develop the industry in a sustainable
manner, it is necessary to face the issue of seeking “countermeasures for addiction.” First of all, I think the important thing
is not to put it vaguely in the word “addiction” but to grasp how many people are really having trouble in their daily lives. Without that process, you don’t know how much money or people to invest. The next step is how to support these people, but the important thing is how to prevent addiction before it happens.
 Nishimura
It is a very important theme that supports the sustain-
 Nishimura
I think it’s really good if things go that way.
ability of the industry, so we will actively participate in the industry’s efforts.
We have introduced “Self-Declaration and Family Declaration Programs” * 1, 2 to reduce the number of times customers are allowed to enter the store beyond the limit set by the customers. In addition, we put up posters to remind customers that “Pachislot and pachinko is a game we should enjoy moderately.” Hall employees are required to attend “Secure Pachinko and Pachislot Advisor” * 3 seminars. But whether we can say these efforts will help prevent addiction, the reality is not that easy. I think pachinko halls and pachislot and pachinko machine manu- facturers should work together to solve essential problems. I hope that President Satomi and the SEGA SAMMY Group will continue to take the lead in these efforts and in reviving the industry as familiar entertainment.
*1 Self-Declaration Programs: A program that can be used when a player wishes to restrict his/her play by his/her own declaration.
(Select three items: Amount of money used, number of games played, and game time. When the specified standard is reached, store staff prompts the player to stop playing.)
*2 Family Declaration Program: A program under which the entry of a player may be restricted by the declaration of the family of the pachislot and pachinko player.
*3 Secure Pachinko and Pachislot Advisors: Personnel in charge of providing appropriate guidance and advice on issues related to gambling addiction at pachinko halls
Satomi The SEGA SAMMY Group’s raison d’etre is to “Continue to create moving experiences” We believe
that the pachislot and pachinko industry is capable of providing numer- ous moving experiences. Failure to make efforts to be recognized as a “Necessary presence in society” will jeopardize the future of the industry as a whole.
I will take the various problems facing the pachislot and pachinko industry seriously, and at the same time, I will work with all the players in this industry to advance our efforts as “a familiar pastime.”
On the pachinko hall side, we are also working on the installation of smoking areas and other measures to address the tobacco problem, which is one of the points President Satomi mentioned. I think we will soon be able to resolve this issue. As for the noise, with the coop- eration of pachislot and pachinko machine manufacturers, we can expect to see the resolution of this in the future as well. We believe the third, “providing drawing a jackpot experience” can be realized by expanding the use of new regulation machines, enhancement of the regulations, and strengthening operations at pachinko halls.
We would like to support the pachislot and pachinko machine manu- facturers who are making efforts to invigorate the market by developing new game machines with our “service.” I think pachinko halls are more difficult to serve customers than any other industries. If you serve deli- cious food at a restaurant, customers will come again. However, not
all customers can have a good experience at a pachinko hall. We can’t continue our business for a long time unless the customers who lost while playing come to our hall again. From that point of view, we are especially trying to improve our service and customer service skills, which will invariably help in making our customers feel like visiting again.
Although the number of pachinko and pachislot players and the number of pachinko halls still remains on a declining trend, we believe that the industry environment will gradually stabilize as the number of pachinko halls reaches an appropriate level for the number of players and the spread of new regulation machines with reduced gambling element.”
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 47

  Net Sales Breakdown (Fiscal Year 2019) 売 上 高 構 成 比( 2 0 1 9 年 3 月 期 )
   2005
¥199.2 billion
Amusement Machine Sales Area (Market size)
 Source: JAIA, Amusement Industry Survey 2017
Contracting
 2005
¥682.4 billion
2005 22.7 million
2014
2017
 ¥161.1 billion
¥152.9 billion
Contracting
(FY)
     Amusement Center Operations Area (Market size)
2014
¥422.2 billion
2017
 Source: JAIA, Amusement Industry Survey 2017
Contracting
¥485.9 billion
Expanding
(FY)
       Players (Digital Games Area)
  Player base is expanding in a wide range of age groups, not just young male players, who used to be the core player group for video games.
 Expanding
    Packaged Games Area (Market size in Japan)
   2018
¥1,374.2 billion Expanding Source: CESA Game White Paper 2019 (FY)
2016
¥1,217.7 billion
     Players (Packaged Games Area)
    Expanding
  The adoption of new game consoles and successive launches of popular software are driving expansion in the Packaged Games area.
   2005
¥233.9 billion
Animation market size
Source: Media Development Research Institute Inc.
Animation and Toys Area (Market size)
2016 Expanding ¥276.3 billion
2005
¥705.3 billion
Toys market size
Source: Japan Toy Association
2018 Expanding ¥839.8
Expanding
2005
¥128.2 billion
Digital Games Area (Market size in Japan)
 billion
(FY)
Source: f-ism
¥823.9 billion
Expanding
2014
2018 ¥1,324.3billion
Expanding
(FY)
   Business Strategy by Segment
 Entertainment Conte
The Entertainment Contents Business takes full advantage of its wide-ranging business portfolio, abundant intellectual property (IP) assets, and global business base in order to maximize its IP value, which serves its efforts to expand business value.
Business Portfolio
Animation and Toys     Digital Games
Detective Conan: Zero the Enforcer
©2018 GOSHO AOYAMA/ DETECTIVE CONAN COMMITTEE
©SEGA
All Rights Reserved.
Amusement Center Operations
Amusement Machine Sales
WCCF FOOTISTA 2019
©SEGA
© Panini S.p.A. All Rights Reserved.
The game is made by SEGA in association with Panini.
Industry Structure
Packaged Games
Amusement Machine Sales
           219.6
Digital Games
¥
billion
Amusement Center
Operations Toys
PHANTASY STAR ONLINE 2
©SEGA
¥
billion ¥
billion ¥
billion
40.8
54.6 54.7
   Packaged Games
Judgment
©SEGA
Animation and
  ¥
¥ billion
40.9
24.5
 billion
Other and eliminations ¥4.1 billion
   The Entertainment Contents Business operates in diverse entertainment areas and is affected by different growth potential and competitive conditions of each market. Furthermore, the business environment is changing with the evolution of digital devices as background, such as global IT companies announcing their entry into subscription-based gaming services.
 Players (Amusement Machine Sales and Amusement Center Operations area)
 2018
15.3 million (FY)
Against the backdrop of diversification of entertainment due to moving penetration of smartphones, the number of young players who used to be the core player group is declining. Source: White Paper on Leisure Industry 2019, Japan Productivity Center
Contracting
   48 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

Pachislot and Pachinko Machines
nts Business
Fiscal Year 2019 Summary
The Packaged Games area saw strong sales of repeat titles, cen- tered on the European and North American markets. We also experi- enced steady performance in the Amusement Center Operations area and Animation and Toys areas. the Amusement Center Operations area achieved its fifth consecutive year of net sales growth for existing stores. The Animation and Toys area benefited from its Detective Conan movies, which broke box office records of the past series, as well as steady sales of its mainstay products. On the other hand, the Digital Games area recorded losses as a result of the write-down of multiple titles, caused by new titles falling short of expected sales after launch, and the continued stagnation of existing titles. Based on these factors, net sales increased 5% year on year while operating income decreased 33%.
Entertainment Contents
Resort
       7.25 4.00
7.1 208.0
Fate/Grand Order Arcade
©TYPE-MOON/
FGO ARCADE PROJECT
WHOareYOU?
Designed &© 2018 Worlds Apart Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
259.0
219.6
4.5 4.2
11.0
’19 ’20 (FY) (Result) (Forecast)
      ©SEGA
Issues
Company Earnings Went Below Expectations from Insufficient Hits in the Digital Games Area 売 上 高 構 成 比( 2 0 1 9 年 3 月 期 )
14.8
’18 (Result)
9.8
 Ryu ga Gotoku ONLINE
SEGA Pocket Club Manager
©SEGA All Rights Reserved By JFA.
The use of images and names of the football players in this game is under license from FIFPro Commercial Enterprises BV. FIFPro is a registered trademark of FIFPro Commercial Enterprises BV.
Road to 2020 in Review
Net sales (Billion of yen) 
Operating income (Billion of yen)  Operating income margin (%)
   Overall performance of the Entertainment Contents Business fell below initial expectations, primarily due to the lack of hit titles in the Digital Games area. In addition to the write-down of multiple titles, a major factor in the drop in operating income within the Digital Games area, the Entertainment Contents Business recorded an impairment loss of approximately ¥7.6 billion as an extraordinary loss. As a coun- termeasure, the Company is taking steps to narrow down the number of new titles and adjust the number of titles under direct operation.
Released 8 new titles compare to 12 new titles initially planned Existing titles stagnated at a speed exceeding expectations
  External Factors
Internal Factors
  Top-ranking titles remain unchanged
Increase of existing IP-based titles
Intensified competition in the domestic market
Existing titles stagnating
Lack of hit titles
New titles delayed or canceled during development
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 49
 e

Business Strategy by Segment
 Road to 2020 in Review
Although the Entertainment Contents Business did not perform as expected, our efforts in the Packaged Games area to improve quality to date have been successful. This success can be seen in the steady stream of high ratings from external parties in Europe and North America for our packaged games. We have been able to secure long-term sales for titles through continuous distribution via PC-gaming platforms such as STEAM and those contributed to the profit.
Steady Sales of Repeat Titles
  Growth
 2000
1500
1000
500 0
Thousands of copies
19,350
’19 (FY) (Result)
9,200 5,040
’17 ’18 (Result) (Result)
  Focus resources in areas where we can leverage our strengths within strong overseas markets
         Road to 2020 at Time of Announcement
Japan
Asia
Europe and North America
     Package
 Domestic studios
CS and PC digital
 Mobile digital
  European and North American studios
Package
 CS and PC digital
 Mobile digital
                  From Fiscal Year 2020 Onward
Japan
Asia
Europe and North America
     Package
 Domestic studios
European and North American studios
CS and PC digital
 Mobile digital
  Package
 CS and PC digital
 Mobile digital
                50 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
Overseas and Repeat Sales in the Packaged Games Area Exceeded Expectations 売 上 高 構 成 比( 2 0 1 9 年 3 月 期 )
 External Factors
 Markets expanding in Europe, North America, and Asia
Platform growth
   サ ミ ー の 強 み( 開 発 力 )
Reconsidering Focus Areas
Internal Factors
 Overseas sales expansion for domestic studio IP Stable income generated by overseas studio IP Improved product quality
 
Measures for Fiscal Year 2020
Digital Games Area
 サ ミ ー の 強 み( 開 発 力 )
Measures to Improve the Digital Games Area
 Optimize the scale of titles under development and operation
 Narrow down the number of Adjust the number of
new titles under development titles under direct operation
Lineup centered on existing IP titles
 Reallocate resources
 Invest resources in focusing areas, such as Proceed with shift of outsourced online and overseas packaged games work on existing titles to insourcing
Packaged Games Area
We plan to introduce major new titles including Total WarTM: THREE KINGDOMS and the Official Video Games of the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020, and we anticipate a sales increase driven by a significant upswing in new title sales, from 4.09 million
Amusement Machine Sales Area
In addition to the launch of StarHorse4, the latest game in the StarHorse series, we are also planning the launch of titles using external IP as well. On the other hand, we also expect running costs associated with the reloca- tion of the head office and other expenses to increase as well.
Pachislot and Entertainment Resort Pachinko Machines Contents
      Full-Year Forecast for Fiscal Year 2020
 Expect to improve profitability in the Digital Games area by optimizing the number of titles under development and operation
Expect significant sales increase in the Packaged Games area from introducing new titles using existing IP, but the development and other costs from launch of new titles will also incur
 Focusing on new titles, we plan to optimize the number of titles under development and operation, and thereby improve profitability. Moreover, we plan to focus on new title launches that take advantage of existing IP as well as external IP. We are also taking steps to reallocate management resources to key areas such as online and pack5a0g0ed games.
400Digital Games Area Sales and Income (Losses)
8.6% 300
4.7% 43.0
200
100
0
-100
38.5
40.8
3.3 –1.9 2.0
 ’18 ’19 ’20 (FY) (Result) (Result) (Forecast)
Net sales (Billions of yen)  Operating income margin (%)
Operating income / losses (Billions of yen) 
   units in fiscal year 2019 to 10.69 million units in fiscal year 2020. However, we are planning for a decrease in operating income because of the development and marketing costs associated with new title launches coupled with an antici- pated drop in repeat sales compared to the previous fiscal year.
Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020TM
TM IOC/TOKYO2020/USOC 36USC220506. © 2019 IOC. All Rights Reserved.
© NINTENDO. ©SEGA.
Kemono Friends 3 Planet Tours
©Kemono Friends Project2G ©SEGA
    1200
800 400 0
Packaged Games Area Sales and Income
15.0%
Amusement Center Operations Area
While expecting the effects of the consumption tax hike, we will continue strengthening operations through measures focused on prize game machines in addition to opening new stores and other efforts.
Animation and Toys Area
In addition to selling mainstay animation and toys, we plan to bring multiple new products to market.
Detective Conan: The Fist of Blue Sapphire box-office revenues have surpassed ¥9.1 billion
(as of July 21, 2019).
Detective Conan: The Fist of Blue Sapphire
©2019 GOSHO AOYAMA / DETECTIVE CONAN COMMITTEE All Rights Reserved.
11.4% 57.0
6.5
’18 (Result)
Net sales (Billions of yen) 
84.0
7.1%
’19
(Result) (Forecast)
Operating income (Billions of yen) 
  54.6
8.2 6.0
Total War: THREE KINGDOMS
© SEGA.
Developed by The Creative Assembly, Ltd.
  ’20
(FY)
Operating income margin (%)
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 51

SPECIAL TOPIC 2
SPECSIAL TOPIC
 Business Strategy by Segment
 CREATED AROUND THE WORLD,
DELIVERED TO THE WORLD
The Entertainment Contents Business’ Global
Production and Sales Structure
In the Entertainment Contents Business, we have established development studios and publishing bases in coun- tries around the world with which we maintain flexible relationships, allowing us to build a system that is capable of IP development from a global perspective. Looking closer, we have made efforts to utilize our IPs with a long history while generating new IP. Additionally, we have also made strides toward increasing our lineup by taking advantage of the diverse development capabilities of game studios around the world and through M&A. We are leveraging both the special traits of each studio and the characteristics of each IP to the maximum degree to develop contents for the growing global market and thereby increase earnings.
Investing toward Bearing Fruit in the Long Term
Since 2005, the Entertainment Contents Business has continued to expand its IP pipeline, which we have accomplished though the M&A of excellent IP and highly capable development studios around the world. These ongoing investments, made from a long-term perspective, are showing steady results, with each IP beginning to bolster profits. Our product lineup of high- quality titles created in development studios around the world contributed to earnings, and fiscal year 2019 marked the fourth consecutive year of operating income growth in the Packaged Games area.
IP Expansion Timeline
The Creative Assembly (U.K.)
Sports Interactive (U.K.)
Relic Entertainment (Canada)
Atlus (Japan)
Demiurge Studios (U.S.A.)
52 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
2005 2006 2013 2015 Major Acquired Development Studios
The Creative Assembly, Ltd.
The Creative Assembly is a development studio based in Horsham, U.K., operating with over 500 staff. Since its acquisition in 2005, the studio
Sports Interactive Ltd.
Sports Interactive is a London-based development studio with roughly 130 employees that develops the Football Manager series of soccer club man- agement simulator games. The series, which boasts an extensive and accurate database of player information, enjoys the devoted support of fans around
Total War: ROME II
©SEGA.
Developed by The Creative Assembly, Ltd.
Football Manager 2019
©Sports Interactive Limited 2018. Published by SEGA.
Major IP
Company of Heroes, Dawn of War series
Endless Space series and other Marvel Puzzle Quest and SEGA Heroes Total War Saga: Troy
Other Studios and Their Characteristics
Studio
Relic Entertainment
Amplitude Studios Demiurge Studios Creative Assembly Sofia
primarily specializes in games featuring accurate portrayals of history and stellar quality, as shown in its popular real-time strategy series, Total WarTM which has sold over 27.6 million copies in total.
the world, selling over 20 million total copies.
                                      
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines
Entertainment Contents
Resort
                 Total WarTM: THREE KINGDOMS
© SEGA. Developed by The Creative Assembly, Ltd.
Amplitude Studios SAS Creative Assembly Sofia (France) (Bulgaria)
Company of Heroes 2
© SEGA. Developed by Relic Entertainment.
Two Point Studios (U.K.)
    Basic Policy Related to M&A
To expand its business, SEGA Games Co., Ltd., which primarily handles packaged and digital games, needs to expand its lineup, which requires it to develop IP for a variety of regions across multiple platforms. M&A is an effective method we have utilized to this end.
 Since 2005, we have pursued acquisitions of overseas studios primarily that develop strategy games of various themes that exude a unique quality distinctive presence in the market. In recent years SEGA Games has established teams dedicated to gathering information and maintaining a growing number of dialogues on outside development studios at all times, and all over the world. M&A candidates are selected based on three major criteria, with a system in place to execute a decision in prompt fashion.
1 The candidate possesses IP with potential for future growth and franchising
2 The candidate demonstrates high competitive- ness in a particular area
3 The candidate has a compatible corporate culture that can generate strong synergies
Post M&A, we provide publishing support in cooperation with our publishing bases around the world including support for marketing, sales, licensing, and other business development. In addition, we utilize the specific characteristics of each IP for development into a wide range
of areas and platforms. These actions serve to increase the value of the IP itself and support each IP so that it may grow into a pillar of profit. In addition, we also support development studios according to their own individual characteristics to help them establish a better development environment.
    2016 2017 2019
 Atlus Co., Ltd.
With approximately 300 development staff, Atlus continues to provide series’ with a unique worldview—such as the Persona, Megami Tensei, and Etrian Odyssey series of games—from Japan to the rest of the world. Persona5 has proven to be a
Two Point Studios Ltd.
 SHIN MEGAMI TENSEI IV: Apocalypse
©ATLUS ©SEGA All rights reserved.
major hit both in Japan and abroad, and the Persona series boasts total sales of approximately 10.2 million copies.
Two Point Studios is based in Farnham, U.K., operating on a small scale with 20 employees, all experienced developers involved in multiple award- winning and highly rated titles. This studio’s strength lies in its ability to develop easy-to-play simulation games with unique world views.
Two Point Hospital
© Two Point Studios. Published by SEGA.
   Characteristics
  This studio, based in Vancouver, Canada has produced several high-quality games with movie-like graphics and highly strategic gameplay.
Based in Paris, France, this studio is notable for developing turn-based strategy games, particularly in the 4X genre*, where it has received rave reviews.
This studio, which operates out of Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S.A., primarily develops and operates mobile games. Creative Assembly Sofia is a satellite studio of U.K.-based the Creative Assembly, Ltd. based in Bulgaria and mainly works
on development of the Total WarTM series.
* Games with play focused around four “X’s”: Explore, expand, exploit, and exterminate
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 53
    
SPECIAL TOPIC 2
SPECSIAL TOPIC
 In May 2019, we launched Total WarTM: THREE KINGDOMS, the latest game in the Total WarTM series. This game, which is not set in Europe, but in the Three Kingdoms period of China, has received much support from users in China and other areas in Asia, and sold one million copies faster than any other title in the series’ history, doing so in its first week after launch.
Total WarTM: THREE KINGDOMS
©SEGA
Developed by The Creative Assembly, Ltd.
         Development studio Sales area
 Business Strategy by Segment
 Our global sales strategy is aimed at reliably providing contents to the growing global market
In the Entertainment Contents Business, we have leveraged M&A of development studios to create a system that enables us to develop contents in locations around the world.
To ensure that we can reliably deliver these titles world- wide, we are also establishing publishing bases in each region and are working to expand our scope of operation by strengthening internationally the ties between the publishing bases and the development studios. With downloading becoming a more popular method to get contents, it is now possible to deliver games to areas where sales were once difficult for our distribution network; therefore, we are also working to strengthen our download delivery capabilities.
By adopting these strategies and expanding our operating areas, recent years have brought strong results in the pack- aged segment and sales of older games has also increased.
Emerging markets still have room for expansion, and we will further promote our global sales strategy.
Global Market Conditions
The global game market has grown in size by 13.1 trillion in keeping with the expansion of the Chinese market. With the emergence of new platforms and the advancing communica- tion environment, the user base has expanded, and we expect to maintain a high growth rate and expand further in the future.
Global Game Contents Market Size
From Europe to the World
Billions of yen
13,177.4
10,896.4
Asia Japan Major IP
Ryu ga Gotoku PHANTASY STAR Puyo Puyo Persona
Source: Famitsu Game White Paper 2019 54 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
8,266.7 8,997.7 6,714.8
’14 ’15
(FY)
’16 ’17 ’18
Europe
Major IP
Total WarTM Football Manager Endless Space Two Point Hospital
                  
      From North America to the World
Pachislot and Entertainment Resort Pachinko Machines Contents
We will concentrate resources in areas where we can leverage the strengths of our global manufacturing and sales systems to provide moving experiences to the world
In fiscal 2019, we faced a hard
struggle in the mobile-focused
Digital Games area. The fact
that several titles were late to
enter the market and were
unable to produce hits amid
stagnating market conditions
and fierce competition is a
major cause for concern. At
the same time, the Packaged
Games area showed strong
results and improved perfor-
mance for PC games produced
by European and North American development studios.
Looking at our showing for the fiscal year 2019, we can see that Japan’s mobile market is hitting a standstill. As a result, we are reviewing titles that are under devel- opment and in operation and adjusting our scale of involvement. We are also plan- ning to improve profitability by establishing a development management system. On the other hand, we can also expect continued market growth in overseas packaged games and PC digital games. We are planning to devote more resources to the already thriving market in Europe and North America, as well as the expanding market in Asia and are working toward global development.
SEGA Games’ manufacturing and sales system, which comprises both over- seas development studios producing unique titles as well as publishing bases, is highly distinct, even compared to other Japanese game companies. The system functions effectively because instead of simply establishing multiple bases over- seas, the management teams at each base receive a certain degree of authority which they can demonstrate with the head office in Japan through the latter’s con- nections with development studios and publishers in each region.
Original members of a development studio prior to M&A are allowed to demon- strate leadership and develop contents that utilize the studio’s specific qualities. Our publishers employ management teams with extensive industry experience who con- struct sales plans tailored to the characteristics of a title and based on market trends in their territory. In order to make the best use of this unique manufacturing and sales system and maintain flexible ties between bases, overall courses of action are shared between the head office in Japan and regional teams while management policies are communicated to the management teams at each base at regular intervals.
In fiscal 2020, we are planning on putting this manufacturing and sales system to work. In May 2019, U.K.-based studio the Creative Assembly Limited released Total WarTM: THREE KINGDOMS, the latest in the Total WarTM series, a bona fide hit that has amassed large numbers of supporters in Asia. In September 2019, we conducted a simultaneous release in Japan, North America, and Asia of the SEGA Mega Drive Mini (SEGA Genesis Mini in North America), a palm-sized revival of the home video con- sole SEGA Mega Drive, originally launched in 1988. U.K.-based Two Point Studios is developing a console version of Two Point Hospital, originally launched for PC, set for release. Going forward, we will continue to deepen ties between bases, increase the value of individual IP, and develop IP titles for a wide range of devices, regions, and platforms, and make them a valuable part of our future results.
  Sonic the Hedgehog is one of our massively popular series, beloved by users around the world since its launch in 1991, with total sales exceeding 920 million copies. We currently
 have a brand manage- ment team set up at our North American publishing base as part of a multi-lateral development system that goes beyond IP and games.
©SEGA
Team Sonic Racing
Kenji Matsubara, President & COO, SEGA Games Co., Ltd.
 North America
Major IP
Company of Heroes Dawn of War
Sonic the Hedgehog
       From Japan to the World
 Launched in 2016, Persona5 received the “Best Role-Playing Game” award at The Game Awards 2017, held in Los
Angeles U.S.A. Total
 sales for the game exceed 2.7 million copies worldwide.
Persona5
©ATLUS ©SEGA All rights reserved.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 55

Business Strategy by Segment
  Resort Business
To make the Resort Business a pillar of the Group over the medium to long term, we are building up our know-how in the integrated resort (IR) business in parallel with strengthening the profitability of existing resort facilities.
    Business Portfolio
1 Japan’s leading complex facilities, Phoenix Seagaia Resort
We provide the best resort stay utilizing the blessed environment, such as 3 accommodation facilities like Sheraton Grande Ocean Resort, international class con- vention facilities that can accommodate up to 5,000 people, the Japan’s leading golf course Phoenix Country Club and tennis club which are spread over within the broad grove of Japanese black pine trees that is around 11 km from north to south and around 700 ha that faces the Pacific Ocean in Miyazaki Prefecture. By continu- ously improving the value of our facilities, we are work- ing to strengthen our ability to attract customers while accumulating know-how in the operation of resort facilities.
2 The North Country Golf Club (Chitose, Hokkaido)
As part of its activities to promote sports and contribute to the community of Chitose City, the Company runs Sega Sammy Cup Golf Tournament and operates it as a facility for snow activities, North Snowland in Chitose in winter.
3 South Korea’s first IR facility, PARADISE CITY
PARADISE CITY operated by PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd., a joint venture with the PARADISE GROUP of South Korea is the first IR facility in South Korea with hotels, casinos, commercial facilities, convention halls, and clubs. We aim to be the top IR facility in Northeast Asia by providing high-quality space and services, and are accumulating development and management know- how with a view to entering the IR business in Japan.
©Phoenix Resort
2
        3
1
   ©PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
 56 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
  
 Pachislot and Pachinko Machines
Entertainment Contents
Resort
     Overview of Fiscal Year Ended March 2019/ Measures Taken in Fiscal Year Ending March 2020
In the Resort Business, although there was an increase in expenses for the preparation of entering the domestic IR business, there was also a steady increase in the number of guests staying at hotels as a result of continued efforts to increase the number of guests in the Phoenix Seagaia Resort business and this led to improvement of profit. As a result, net sales increased by ¥10.5 billion (6.6% from the previous fiscal year) and an operating loss of ¥2.4 billion (Operating losses of ¥2.5 billion in the previous fiscal year). Overseas, we contin- ued to acquire IR development and management know-how through PARADISE CITY. We also plan to increase expenses in fiscal year 2020 due to active moves toward the domestic IR business.
9.9
–2.5
’18 (Result)
10.5
11.0
–4.0
      Net sales (Billions of yen)  Operating loss (Billions of yen)
’19 (Result)
’20 (Forecast)
–2.4
(FY)
 PARADISE CITY Phase 1 Development Finished, Full-Scale “Art-tainment Resort” Completed
 PARADISE CITY, which opened in April 2017 as the first integrated resort in South Korea, is based on the concept of “Art-tainment,” which is a fusion of art and entertainment, and offers high-quality services at top-class 5-star hotels, convention halls, and casinos.
The service, which incorporates space and Japanese-style hospitality, has been highly praised by many customers both in Korea and abroad.
As a development facility in Phase 1-2 in September 2018, we opened a boutique hotel, a premium spa, an event-type shopping mall, and a number of other facilities with an emphasis on entertainment. With the opening of indoor family entertainment park Wonderbox, the 1st phase of construction has finished and a true “Art-tainment” resort is completed.
By opening the Phase 1-2 development facility of the project, our group aims to ensure the growth of PARADISE CITY which has attracted more visitors. At the same time, through participation in the operation of the facility, the company is steadily accumulating know-how toward entering the domestic IR business.
  ©PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 57

RESORT
WITH RESPONSIBILITY AS A JAPANESE COMPANY
Japan, we are advancing preparations steadily with our sights set on certainly being selected as
an operator.
Business Strategy by Segment
 SPECIAL TOPIC 3
SPECSIAL TOPIC
     Accumulating IR Know-How Overseas
We have been sending personnel to casino facilities in Personnel Sent to PARADISE CITY South Korea since forming an alliance with South Korean
casino operator the PARADISE GROUP in 2012. After
The SEGA SAMMY Group’s Readiness
to Participate in the Domestic IR business
Looking toward participation in the IR business in
 1 opening South Korea’s largest IR, PARADISE CITY, 84
we began assigning even more personnel. In areas ranging from dealer duties through to business management, these personnel are accumulating expertise in the operation of IR, which include casinos.
 For this reason, we are confident that we have built a decisive lead over other Japanese companies with respect to fostering the Japanese personnel who will be needed when IR are allowed to open in Japan.
 May 2012
71
Aiming to increase to around 100 personnel
  45 14
 Working on-site  
Established PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd., as a joint venture with the PARADISE GROUP
March 2012
Acquired all shares of PHOENIX RESORT CO., LTD.
(FYE)
Working at head office
2016 2017 2018 2019
    April 2014
In 2012, the Group was joined by PHOENIX RESORT CO., LTD., the operator of a large resort complex in Miyazaki named Phoenix Seagaia Resort. The resort boasts several accommodation facilities—including a high-end resort hotel that is part of the prestigious international Sheraton hotel chain—and a world-class convention center with a maximum capacity of 5,000 people. At the resort complex, we are developing
Began sending employees to PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd.
 2 Acquiring Expertise of Operating Resort Facilities at One of Japan’s Premier Resort Complexes
58 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
professional skills that will be useful for operating IR. For example, we are formulating measures to tap into MICE* demand.
* MICE is a business tourism format. The acronym stands for Meetings, including training and seminars tour; Incentives, referring to employee-reward tourism; Conferences or Conventions, such as academic conferences and international meetings; and Exhibitions or Events.
   Y
T
I
C
E
S
 I
D
A
R
A
P
   2012
   P
H
O
E
N
I
X
S
E
A
G
CAPABILITY
CAPABILITY
A
I
A

 Verified More Than 118 Elements
 Before opening
  After opening
   Business plan Floor plan design Task planning Personnel planning Systems design Etc.
  Attracting customers Settlement
Entry
General administration Provision of games Etc.
 November 2014
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines
3 Conducting Value Chain Analysis Covering More than 118 Elements
Beginning IR operations requires not only preparations for the operation of facilities and casinos but also for a host of ancillary operations, such as cash management and rigorous security. With this in mind, we have conducted an analysis and identified more than 118 elements that comprise our IR business. More specifically, we have identified elements for which we utilize our resources to provide differentiated services, elements that are required as standard in IRs, and elements that are the external resources of partners or associates are necessary. In light of this analysis, we are proceeding with multifaceted preparations.
December 2017
Acquired Nevada state gaming machine manufacture and distribution license
Entertainment Contents
Resort
          Participation in the IR Business in Japan
     Began building PARADISE CITY, South Korea’s first IR
with Kyot5o University
Gambling Addiction
     April 2017
Opened PARADISE CITY
Aquisition of Licence for
Casino Machines from 4 Nevada State and
Distribution of Them
In December 2017, the Group’s wholly owned subsid- iary SEGA SAMMY CREATION INC., and its wholly owned subsidiary, Sega Sammy Creation USA, INC., acquired Nevada state gaming machine manufacture and distribution licenses. Normally, the acquisition of this license takes about two years. However, we were awarded the licenses in the unusually short period
of just one year. Meeting the world’s most rigorous licensing standards and eligibility criteria clearly demonstrates the Group’s eligibility to engage in the IR business in Japan.
Conducting Joint Research on
December 2017
Launched research on addiction countermeasures
When operating IR in Japan, gambling addiction countermeasures will be essential. With a view to identifying the precursors of dangerous levels of gambling, we are conducting joint research on gambling addic- tion and prevention with Kyoto University.
 We hope that this research helps clarify the onset mechanism of gam- bling addiction, and we will use the findings to take preventive measures in Japan for the onset, progression, and recurrence of gambling addiction.
         INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 59
2014 2017 2019
CAPABILITY
CAPABILITY
CAPABILITY

 Outcome
Financial Performance
Net Sales*1
Billions of yen
Operating Income / Operating Income Margin
Billions of yen / %
(FY) Operating income  Operating income margin (FY) Capital Expenditures / Depreciation and Amortization*3
Billions of yen
(FY) Capital expenditures  Depreciation and amortization (FY)
Total Net Assets / Equity Ratio
Billions of yen / %
(FY) Total net assets  Equity ratio (FY) Cash Flows
Billions of yen
(FY) Net cash provided by operating activities  (FY) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Free cash flows
 384.6 396.7 395.5 378.0 366.8 347.9 366.9 321.4
323.6 331.6
           ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’’18 ’19
  36.7
17.3
14.7
19.0
 68.7
 9.5
10.2 5.9
8.0
58.3
 38.5
 5.1
17.4 17.6
29.5
17.7
4.7
5.5
3.9
13.0
 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’’18 ’19
  Profit (Loss) Attributable to Owners of Parent*2
Billions of yen
 41.5
20.2
33.4 21.8
30.7
27.6
5.3
    8.9
2.6
 –11.3
’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
  36.1
32.8
16.1
38.1
28.7
34.4 27.0
    28.0
24.1
    16.1 17.119.6 15.9
18.1
16.1
17.6
16.6
16.3
16.2
14.5
  ’10 ’’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
 R&D Expenses and Content Production Expenses*3 / R&D Expenses to Net Sales Ratio
Billions of yen / %
 285.4 296.3 320.0
59.7
310.4 305.3
348.2
322.4 299.9 311.4
        256.7
55.8 60.0 58.9
63.2 60.0 55.3 59.0
65.1
65.0
   ’10 ’’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
  41.5
41.1
53.3
15.7 14.1
16.7
45.2
59.2
18.4
18.3
20.1
19.2
67.6
   13.5 10.8 10.4
  58.0
67.1
62.0
66.6
      ’10 ’’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
 R&D expenses and content production expenses 
ROE / ROA*4
%
R&D expenses to net sales ratio
 16.2
9.1 8.8
11.0
9.3 9.2
  4.8
5.7
7.7
4.4
6.3
5.2
2.9
1.8 0.9 0.6
1.8
1.0
 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
  87.6 54.9 47.3
 58.1
59.1 54.3 16.9 26.4
38.0
18.6 24.9
36.6 37.0
75.2
 6.0 14.8
 – 7.6
–29.5
–20.9
–59.0 ’12
6.3
’13
–0.7
–37.7
’15
–4.7 –18.3
–20.4
’’18
–7.2
–22.1
’19
’10
’’11
–38.5
’14
–35.2
’16
’17
 ROE  ROA
*1 As the recognition of net sales was changed (1) from a net basis to a gross basis and (2) from a shipment basis to a delivery basis in fiscal year 2016, figures for fiscal year 2015 reflect these changes retrospectively.
*2 The Company has adopted the “Revised Accounting Standard for Business Combinations” (Accounting Standards Board of Japan (ASBJ) Statement No. 21, issued on September 13, 2013) and has presented “net
income (loss)” as “profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent” from fiscal year 2016.
*3 The aggregate calculation method has changed as of fiscal year 2014. Consequently, R&D expenses and content production expenses include amortization cost of digital game titles. Until fiscal year 2013, depreciation
and amortization included amortization cost of digital game titles.
*4 ROA = Profit attributable to owners of parent ÷ Total assets
*5 As of the fiscal year 2016 change in segmentation, elimination of inter-segment transactions and general corporate expenses that are not allocated to the reporting segment are included in the adjustment to segment
income (loss).
60 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

  Operating Income (Loss) by Segment
Billions of yen
0.2
0.3 7.4
71.0
–15.1 –5.4
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business 
Other  Corporate and eliminations  Entertainment Contents Business 
  1.9 0.3
7.3
 0.3 6.3
0.0
2.0
45.2
–1.2
–1.2 –6.4
New Segmentation
Breakdown of Operating Income (Loss) of the Entertainment Contents Business
Billions of yen
(FY)
’19
–1.9
8.2
1.5
2.6
2.5
–3.1
13.4 –2.4
 ’15
8.0
–2.7
–3.9
0.9
–1.7
–0.6
’16 ’17
–0.4 4.9
2.4 2.6
–0.1 1.7
1.8 2.2
0.6 1.2
–0.1 –1.5
11.1
26.3 –2.2
’18
3.3
6.5
2.7
2.7
2.0
–2.4
14.8
11.9 –2.5
  Digital Games
  Packaged Games
  Amusement Machine Sales
  Amusement Center Operations
  Animation and Toys
  Other and eliminations
       0.0
  25.7 20.9 –2.3 –1.8
4.2
9.8
      ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
(FY)
%
7.0 64.2
29.5
–1.3
–5.2 –5.1
’11 ’12
1.1 1.9
23.5
–0.4
–0.7 –6.3
4.0
25.7
–2.5
–0.9 –2.0
–6.5
–6.0
–5.7
–5.7
–6.5
–7.8
 ’10
’13
’14
’15
’15
’16
’17
’18
’19
Operating Income Margin by Segment
Amusement Machine Sales Business (area)  Resort Business 
33.5
Amusement Center Operations (area)  Adjustment*5
Consumer Business
(FY)
  30.3
 24.9
  18.4
15.5
5.2
’10
15.5 14.8
2.1
0.7 0.7
’11 ’12
16.5
4.9
2.6
’13
17.2
3.6
’15
16.9
0.0
14.9
2.2
17.8
5.4
11.3
7.1
13.2
4.5
          2.1
0.1
’14
     Amusement Machine Sales Business (area)  Amusement Center Operations (area)  Consumer Business  Entertainment Contents Business
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business 
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 61

Outcome
Operating Data
  Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
Thousands of units
343 332
302 300
Pachislot and Pachinko Machine Unit Sales
Market Share of Pachislot and Pachinko Machines
% 30.9
  360
162
216
202
200
301
241
207
23.9
11.8 12.8 15.3 8.7
21.7
9.8
24.3
9.0
 199 138
215
142
’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
16.8
12.0 14.7
10.5
14.8
11.6
    Pachislot machine unit sales  Pachinko machine unit sales
(FY)
’’10 ’’11 ’’12 ’’13 ’’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 Pachislot machines  Pachinko machines (Settlement dates
Source: Yano Research Institute Ltd. from July to June)
Number of Domestic Amusement Centers*1 / Existing Domestic Amusement Center Sales YoY*2
Centers / %
140 159
14.1
9.9
85
67
  Entertainment Contents Business
Home Video Game Unit Sales (Cumulative)
Digital Games Area Sales / Titles Distributed
Thousands of units
Billions of yen / Titles
23,440
4,090
19,350
’19
’19 (FY)
45.6
’16 Sales 
47.3
’17 Titles distributed
99.3 100.5
100.1
103.1 108.5 101.9 104.0
    40.8
’19
(FY)
*2 As a result of the abovementioned integration, the amusement centers classified as existing amusement centers have changed as of fiscal year 2014.
91.7
17,330
38.5
’18
93.8 96.1
  8,130
 9,200
    12,280
260 249 241 236
198 198 194 191 189 190
 35
 10,280 9,220
      5,830
2,640
6,580
5,240
5,040
6,450
’15 ’15
’16 ’17 ’18 ’16 ’17 ’18
’10
Number of domestic amusement centers 
’17
’18
’19 (FYE/FY)
295
Repeat titles 
New titles 
*1 The establishment of SEGA ENTERTAINMENT Co., Ltd., integrated the Group’s amusement center operations.
As a result, the aggregate calculation method for the number of amusement centers has changed as of fiscal year 2014.
27
23
23
’11
Existing domestic amusement center sales YoY
’12
’13
’14
’15
’16
 PHOENIX RESORT: Number of Facility
PARADISE CITY: Number of Casino Users (Cumulative)
Thousands
   Resort Business
607 561
Users (Cumulative)
Thousands
597 537
812
      ’15
’16
’’17
’18
’19 (FY)
583
58 48 57 0
’15 ’16 ’’17
182
’18
’19 (FY)
0
62 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

Outcome
Shareholder Value
We will meet shareholders’ expecta- tions by heightening shareholder value through the provision of stable returns to shareholders and the steady implementation of growth strategies.
Returning Profits to Shareholders—Policy, Results, and Outlook
While directly returning profits to shareholders through stable cash dividends, we will retain the option of acquiring treasury stock in response to share price levels. Meanwhile, we will increase shareholder value continuously while taking care to balance strategic investments to win out against competitors in growth areas and to secure internal reserves needed for a further IR business.
In fiscal year 2019, we paid cash dividends of ¥40.00 per share. As a result, the ratio of cash dividends to net assets (DOE) was 3.1%.
In fiscal year 2020, we plan to pay interim cash dividends of ¥20.00 per share and year-end cash dividends of ¥20.00 per share, giving full-year cash dividends of ¥40.00 per share. This is the same level as in fiscal 2019. We have been conducting a shareholder incentive program since fiscal year 2018.
Acquisition of Shares of Treasury Stock
Net Assets per Share (BPS) /
Ratio of Cash Dividends to Net Assets (DOE) Yen
      1,093.23
’10
Net assets per share (BPS) 
  937.8
1,167.59
1,257.43
’16
1,304.44
1,409.27
1,336.54
1,313.06
’17
1,313.90
’18
1,289.32
’19 (FYE / FY)
355.0%
40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40
105.0%
’18
 3.3%
3.9%
3.5%
  3.1%
3.1%
  ’11
’12
’13
Ratio of cash dividends to net assets (DOE)
Cash Dividends per Share / Consolidated Dividend Payout Ratio
Yen
30
37.3%
’10 ’11
’12
’13
’14
’15
’16
’17
’19
(FY)
’14
’15
           Cash dividends per share 
Consolidated dividend payout ratio is not applicable in fiscal year 2015 because the Group recorded a net loss that year.
Consolidated dividend payout ratio
              (FY) 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
— — — — 14 million 5 million 10 million — 10 million — — — — shares shares shares shares
Comparison of Stock Price and Tokyo Stock Price Index (TOPIX) (Comparison based on monthly closing prices and value of 1 for October 2004 management integration)
                            September 2005 Implements 2-for-1 stock split
Fiscal year 2006 Posts record earnings
  October 2004 Management integration
External factor
Revision of regulations pertaining to Entertainment Establishments Control Law
External factor
End of interim measures period for revision of regulations pertaining
to Entertainment Establishments Control Law
Fiscal year 2008 Incurs operating loss
February 2019 Downward revision announcement
2019.3
Structural Reform
Structural Reform
External factor
December 2016
Enforcement of IR Development Bill
May 2017 Announcement of Road to 2020
2018.3
24.5%
46.1%
3.2%
29.2%
31.6%
2.9%
174.7%
3.1%
34.0%
3.0%
  Assumes businesses of Index Corporation (ATLUS)
  Enhances initiatives in new business areas, such as Digital Games area, integrated resorts (which include casinos), and resorts
 Fiscal year 2007 Records 35.8% year-on-year decrease in operating income
Records operating income of ¥68.7 billion
External factor
Intensification of debate about integrated resorts in Japan
    External factor
Change in prototype testing operation methods of Security Communications Association
 2004.10 2005.3 2006.3 2007.3 2008.3
2009.3
2010.3
2011.3 2012.3 2013.3
2014.3
2015.3
2016.3
2017.3
TOPIX  Share price
2.9%
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 63

                    Continuing the Moving Experience Creation Cycle (ESG)
Themes of ESG and SDGs Initiatives
With reference to environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors and the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the
SEGA SAMMY Group has identified important issues and endeavors to highten awareness of whole Group companies and takes mea- sures to address them.
In accordance with our mission of continuing to create moving experiences, we will generate economic and social value simultaneously, thereby enhancing our corporate value.
Human Resources and Organizational Capital
Enhancement of Job Satisfaction and Diversity and
Elimination of Inequality
Viewing human capital as one of our advantages, we are focusing on job satisfaction and diversity enhance- ment. For example, we have consolidated head office functions to reform work styles and create employee- friendly workplaces.
We understand that we have a responsibility to take measures to tackle and prevent addiction. The types of addiction associated with our businesses include “gaming disorder,” which is an addiction to video games that seriously affects health; addiction to playing pachinko and pachislot machines; and gambling addiction, which is strongly related to the IR business.
Customers
Society
     Products and Services
Financial Foundations
    Human Resources and Organizational Capital
   Related SDGs
 Products and Services
  Customers Society Countermeasures to Addiction
  Products and Services
Customers Society
   Environmental Preservation and
Reduction of Environmental Burden
The SEGA SAMMY Group designs products, recycles materials, and reuses components with a view to lowering the environmental burden of manufacturing processes and enhancing efficiency. Further, we are advancing efforts to preserve the environment and reduce power consumption.
 Products and Services
Customers Society
   Response to Japan’s Super Low Birth Rate and
Aging Society
We are moving forward with measures that heighten corporate value by using entertainment in catering to the needs of Japan’s super low birth rate and aging society. These efforts focus on two areas: improving chil- dren’s education by making learning fun and enhancing the well-being of senior citizens by enabling them
to develop their interests and enhance social lives as well as to maintain and improve their capabilities.
Corporate Governance
For details on governance, please see P.76.
Corporate governance and compliance are important to us. Therefore, we design systems and conduct flex- ible business management with a view to bolstering the supervision of various types of operational implemen- tation and strengthening operational implementation
 Related SDGs SDGs Activity
       64 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
SDGs Activity
    Related SDG SDGs Activity
  Related SDGs SDGs Activity
 Related SDGs SDGs Activity
   
    INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 65
     Toward Contributing the Achievement of the SDGs
We are fully aware of our responsibility not only to grow our businesses but also to help invigorate Japan’s economy as a whole, realize sustainable growth worldwide, and sustain human society. Accordingly, we have begun using our unique capabilities to contribute to the achievement of the SDGs.
Our initiatives focused on the SDGs have only just begun. However, we will con- tinue examining our options with the aim of remaining a corporate group that society trusts, needs, and respects. For example, the SEGA SAMMY Group will consider incor- porating SDG-related initiatives into its next medium-term management plan.
February 2019
Identification of Priority SDGs
The Group’s Board of Directors approved a resolution on preparing and revising SDG-related policies as well as on Group companies’ establishment and operation of plan–do–check–act (PDCA) cycles for the advancement of SDG-related initiatives. Based on this resolution, we revised and renamed our policy on the advancement of CSR and efforts to help achieve SDGs. The new policy sets out priority themes for our SDG-related initiatives: Enhancement of Job Satisfaction and Diversity and Elimination of Inequality (Related SDGs 5, 8, and 10), Countermeasures to Addiction (Related SDG 12), and Response to Japan’s Super Low Birth Rate and Aging Society (Related SDGs 3, 4, 8, and 12). In addition, we are proceeding processing with discussions on measures for reducing environmental burden.
April 2019
Establishment of the CSR & SDGs Office
The Group changed the name of the Group CSR Office to the CSR & SDGs Office, which is responsible for the overall control, management, and support of the Group’s initiatives related to CSR and the SDGs. Further, with the aim of stepping up SDG-related initiatives, the Group has given the CSR & SDGs Office enhanced capabilities for strengthening collaboration within the Group and supporting the measures of respective divisions and departments.
May 2019
SDGs Training for Officers
To increase awareness and knowledge of the SDGs, approximately 70 directors and executive officers of SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS and Group companies received SDGs training.
July 2019
Establishment of New Action Plans
Each operating company has begun preparing plans for the advancement of SDG-related initiatives. After carefully considering many different types of projects, such as those conducted within the framework of existing businesses, those that start up new businesses, and those focused on improving the environment, operating companies will advance SDG-related initiatives through PDCA cycles.
                             
 Related SDGs
SDGs Activity
    Aim of Setting Out “Enhancement of Job Satisfaction and Diversity and
Elimination of Inequality” as a Theme
The diverse values and talents of our personnel are the source of the innovations that we create as an entertainment com- pany. Also, as a super low birth rate and aging society approaches, we believe that it is important to prevent the loss of human capital caused by employees resigning to provide family members with nursing care, for example. With this in mind, we are creating workplace environments that are amenable to diverse work styles.
  Results
· Reduced number of employees working long overtime hours (more than 80 hours per month) by 80%–90%
· Currently reviewing initiatives for further improvement
 Primary Measures
Continuing the Moving Experience Creation Cycle (ESG) Human Resources and
Organizational Capital
Enhancement of Job Satisfaction and Diversity and Elimination of Inequality
  Reduction of Long Overtime Hours
The SEGA SAMMY Group has been taking measures to reduce long overtime hours since 2013. Measures such as consultations with superiors for employees working long overtime hours and the issuance of individual alerts for employees in relation to overtime hours per month have lowered those working more than 80 hours of overtime per month to approximately 1.0% of all employees.
Further, for the Group as a whole the percentage of paid leave taken is improving steadily, reaching 69.5%. P.75
· Labor training, compliance training (establishing and improving awareness)
· Management of attendance status, enforcement of punching-in (check for excessive or unpaid overtime)
· Individual alerts for employees on a monthly basis
· Monthly reports on number of employees working overtime and
amounts of overtime (Releasing report through executive com- mittee or the council of managing directors and sharing informa- tion regarding actual conditions)
· Consultations with superiors for employees working long over- time hours
· Establishment and fixation of no-overtime and no-meeting days
· Adjustment of work volumes, streamlining of meetings, revision
of operational flow, etc.
Promotion of Work–Life Balance
With our sights set on full-fledged introduction of flextime and telework systems, we introduced these systems on a trial basis at major operating companies between June and November 2018. At the same time, we conducted questionnaire surveys of employees and established a range of systems. We have introduced a work-at-home system, which recognizes work performed by employees outside of the office, and the Job Plus (JOB+) side job system, allowing certain employees to obtain side job employment. Also, initiatives to encourage respect for diversity included the establishment of workplace environments in which LGBT employees feel comfortable working in February 2019.
  66 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

 Relocation and Consolidation of Head Office Functions
In 2018, the Group consolidated its head office functions at a new office. By eliminating physical distances between Group companies’ offices and having shared functions between divisions, we have established an environment that removes barriers among divisions, encourages interaction between personnel, and is conducive to business collaboration and synergy creation. With a view to enhancing productivity, we have introduced leading-edge information and communications technology (ICT) to all companies that have relocated to the office. Further, the new office includes a co-working space of 1,322 square meters, which supports the businesses of startups and individual entrepreneurs. In addition, we are eliminating overlapping functions by using the relocation as an opportunity to consoli- date management functions in such areas as accounting, human resources, finance, general affairs, legal affairs, and IT solutions integrate licensing functions and streamline decision-making processes.
Opening of SEGA SAMMY Soramori Nursery School —New Work Styles for Employees with Children
Aiming to help employees meet their work and child-rearing responsibilities, we opened SEGA SAMMY Soramori Nursery School in April 2019. Employees can commute with their children because the new facility is an in-house nursery school located in a building next to the head office. We will continue developing environments that enable employees engaged in child-rearing to fully realize their talents.
Participation in Tokyo Rainbow Pride 2019
The SEGA SAMMY Group promotes diversity to help realize a society in which many different individuals can play important roles. As part of these efforts, we participated in Tokyo Rainbow Pride 2019, which heightened society’s awareness of LGBT individuals and other sexual minorities and celebrated gender and identity diversity. Approximately 40 of our employees and their families took part in the Tokyo Rainbow Pride 2019 parade held on April 28. We endorse the realization of a society that makes it easier for everyone to be themselves and live with positivity, enjoyment, and pride.
      INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 67

 Related SDG SDGs Activity
  Aim of Setting Out “Addiction” as a Theme
Society is becoming increasingly concerned about various addictions. The World Health Organization has classified “gaming disorder” as a mental disease whereby severe addiction to online games or other video games seriously affects the daily life and health of an individual. Further, the pachislot and pachinko industry needs to address addiction to playing pachinko and pachislot. Similarly, conducting an IR business in Japan will require gambling addiction countermeasures. Given this situation, negligence in taking measures risks incurring such as regulatory strengthening or brand damage that could threaten continuity of our business.
  Continuing the Moving Experience Creation Cycle (ESG)
Products and Services
Customers Society
  Countermeasures to Addiction
Countermeasures to Pachinko and Pachislot Addiction
Pachinko and pachislot have been a popular source of public entertainment in Japan for many years. However, these machines involve gambling elements and excessive addiction is seen as an important issue. Discussions regarding addic- tion began when the Society for Research on Pachinko Addiction was formed in 2003. The Recovery Support Network (RSN) was established with support from industry groups in 2006 and conducts wide-ranging problem-solving initiatives such as public outreach and telephone counseling while collaborating with public institutions. The industry is also developing Self-Declaration Program that allow customers to set limits on the amounts of money they use in machines. It is also in the process of stationing Secure Pachinko and Pachislot Advisors who provide consultation regarding addiction issues at pachinko halls across Japan. In January 2017, 14 groups from the pachislot and pachinko industry (collectively referred to as the 21st Century Pachinko and Pachislot Industry Association) released their Statement Regarding Issues Involving Pachinko and Pachislot Addiction and announced their commitment to participating in industry-wide addiction countermeasures. The association resolved to strengthen its counter- measures to addiction issue in November 2017 with an emphasis on enhancing its support for the RSN. The SEGA SAMMY Group will play a leading role in such initiatives and contribute to sound development in the industry.
 68 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

 Countermeasures to Gaming Disorder
In May 2019, the World Health Assembly of the WHO recognized excessive playing of online games and home video games that impedes a person’s everyday life as a new mental disease, referred to as “gaming disorder.” In response, preventive measures and treatment methods for gaming disorder are likely to be developed worldwide. In Japan, four game-related bodies (CESA, JOGA, MCF, and JeSU) has established a joint investigative commis- sion, which has tasked impartial outside experts to begin research.
Taking into consideration the issue of excessive game playing and excessive microtransaction payments by minors which mainly lead by Gacha system, the Entertainment Contents Business is taking measures to prevent excessive micro-transaction payments. These measures include setting upper limits on monthly micro-transaction payments for certain titles based on the use of age authentication; the establishment of in-house guidelines in conformity with the guidelines stipulated by the Computer Entertainment Supplier’s Association, which is an industry body; and prior disclosure of the probability of winning.
Launch of Joint Industry—
Academia Research on Gambling Addiction
Japan is proceeding in earnest with preparations for the introduction of integrated resorts to the country. While integrated resorts promise to invigorate the tourism industry, boost local economies, and provide other economic benefits, attendant social issues, such as the potential for an increase in gambling addicts, are a concern.
Mindful of such concerns, we have begun joint research with Kyoto University on gambling addiction. This research aims to find ways of preventing gambling addiction by identifying the precursors of dangerous levels of gambling. To this end, the project is gather- ing and analyzing the play data of players. We hope that the results of this research will shed light on the onset mechanism of gam- bling addiction, and we plan to use the results in formulating and implementing measures in Japan for the prevention of the onset, progression, and recurrence of gambling addiction. Capitalizing on our strengths in development, we are focusing efforts on the devel- opment of a system that collects all play data from casinos, which is something that is not possible in existing casino operations. By using this system in combination with the results of the aforementioned research, we aim to establish a system that detects players exhibiting early signs of addiction and prevents escalation. Further, we will conduct the operations of casino facilities in a manner that encourages players to exercise self-control and gamble responsibly. Through these measures, we aim to build a range of integrated, systematic gambling addiction countermeasures that encompasses heightening awareness and prevention through to treatment based on partnerships with medical institutions.
       INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 69

  Aim of Setting Out “Environmental Preservation and Reduction of Environmental
Burden” as a Theme
The SEGA SAMMY Group manufactures products in the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business and in the amusement machine sales area of the Entertainment Contents Business. At the production stage, various natural resources are used in the manufacture of components and in production processes. Also, we are required to reduce the environmental burden of production processes. Moreover, given the relatively short lifecycles of our products, we must stringently manage waste. Failing to take appropriate environmental mea- sures would result in social sanctions and issues as well as regulatory enforcement, which could affect the continuity of our businesses.
 In-House Production Businesses
Related SDGs SDGs Activity
Continuing the Moving Experience Creation Cycle (ESG)
Products and Services
Customers Society
   Environmental Preservation and Reduction of Environmental Burden
Promotion of Reuse across the Value Chain
   Reduction of Environmental Impact and Improvement of Profitability in the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
The SEGA SAMMY Group is pursuing optimization in all areas of the pachinko and pachislot machine value chain, including development, manufacturing, and sales. Through these efforts, we aim to reduce environmental impact by cut- ting back on component use while also improving profitability by reusing compo- nents. The range of components to which these initiatives apply is being expanded and we are also increasing the rate of using common components. In addition, through such measures as cooperation with other companies, we are promoting these initiatives in the industry as a whole. We thereby aim to lead the industry in improving efficiency.
Design and Development
At the design and devel- opment stages, we are promoting common components, increasing the range of compo- nents that are reused, and designing products with reuse in mind.
Production
At the production stage, previously dispersed component warehouse functions are being consolidated at the site of the neighboring Kawagoe Factory in order to facilitate effi- cient component recy- cling and reuse.
Waste Disposal
Sales
We sell pachinko machine boards designed to help reduce investments when introducing new machines in order to strengthen relationships with pachinko halls and establish a cycle of reuse and recycling.
   Reuse
The Group seeks to ensure proper disposal of used pachinko and pachislot machines that have reached the end of their lives of bringing joy to customers. We therefore promote recycling by offering trade-in programs with regard to our own machines and by utilizing an industry association collection system. We also partici- pate in the used pachinko and pachislot machine collection system developed by industry associations to implement more advanced recycling measures (reduction of weight and appropriate treatment).
 Environmental Indicators at Sammy’s Kawagoe Factory
            Pachinko and pachislot machine recycle rate
Use of environment-friendly raw materials
(FY) 2017
2018
2019
370t 51t (13.8%)
Recycle rate
Amount of wood used
97.21%
1,494t
84t (5.6%)
95.99%
566t
38t (6.8%)
95.00%
         Of which, PEFC-certified wood*
     70
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
* PEFC-certified wood: This refers to wood certified by the Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification. This wood is appropriately procured from forests that have received third-party certification as sustainably managed forests. All of the components we procure use water-based adhesives, which place less burden on the environment. Components glued together using environment-friendly water-based adhesives have been purchased from suppliers since fiscal year 2014.

  Fabless Businesses
Environment-Conscious Product Design
We are conducting ongoing energy conservation initiatives in the Entertainment Contents Business. We are curbing waste by designing amusement machines so that the components of current products can be reused in new products. Also, aiming to extend product service lives, we have prepared an inspection and maintenance manual and shared it with amusement centers. Sega Logistics Service Co., Ltd., manually disassembles and completely recycles the parts of discarded machines from amusement centers. Sega Logistics Service is achieving its goals of zero landfill waste and zero unnecessary waste incineration by inviting intermediary industrial waste disposal contractors to its business locations to reduce disposal costs and by rolling out a nationwide recycling system that prevents illegal waste dumping.
   Operations-Type Businesses
The Plastic Waste Issue and Measures to Reduce Power Consumption
Worldwide, initiatives that aim to preserve the oceans’ ecosystems by reducing plastic use are gathering momentum. In response, SEGA ENTERTAINMENT Co., Ltd., is reducing the amount plastic bags by having amusement centers appropriately sort plastic waste in conformity with the requirements of their respective regions or facilities and by having amusement centers dispose of plastic waste based on contracts concluded with industrial waste disposers. Further, reflecting our belief that manufacturers have a responsibility to reduce trash through the use of simpler product packaging, we minimize packaging through such measures as reusing product shipment bags. Also, we are introducing light-emitting diode (LED) lighting to our facilities, and are replacing air-conditioning equipment, mainly when we remodel amusement centers. In addition, we have unified our power providers and conduct monitoring to optimize the energy use of each amusement center.
Response to Society’s Environmental Expectations (Commencement of measures in compliance with TCFD*)
Ikebukuro GiGO
©SEGA ENTERTAINMENT Co., Ltd.
    In response to the recent rise in calls for companies to take environmental measures, we have begun countermeasures for climate change risks, begun disclosing our CO2 emissions, and reorganized governance systems.
Although climate change risks do not directly affect the entertainment industry, we view an increase in cost of energy consumption as a risk. We identify our energy emissions and analyze the effect our operations have on the environment from the procurement stage onward. Further, for each initiative we have established dedicated projects tasked with examining policies going forward.
* TCFD: Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 71

 Related SDGs SDGs Activity
     Aim of Setting Out “Response to Japan’s Super Low Birth Rate and Aging Society” as a Theme
As a super low birth rate and aging society emerges in Japan, our businesses will almost certainly see customer numbers decline from the current level. Consequently, attracting customers from a wider range of age groups is a key task for ensur- ing our continuity. Further, by leveraging entertainment to help children develop soundly and to help senior citizens to lengthen their healthy life spans, we will address social issues while creating new businesses.
Continuing the Moving Experience Creation Cycle (ESG)
Products and Services
Customers Society
   Response to Japan’s Super Low Birth Rate and Aging Society
 Darts Classes and Programming Classes for Elementary School Students
As part of its support for the development of the next generation, the SEGA SAMMY Group conducts experience programs for elementary school students. We imple- ment initiatives that promote interest in darts as a sport among a wide range of generations and foster future customers and employees.
Anticipating the introduction of compulsory programming education for ele- mentary school students by Japan’s Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, since 2016 SEGA ENTERTAINMENT Co., Ltd., has been conducting programming workshops in which students have fun while learning. In fiscal year 2019, we held SEGA Labo events mainly at shopping centers and other public facili- ties nationwide in which more than 1,500 children and their guardians participated.
Development of a Senior Citizen-Friendly Driving Simulator
In 2013, we established a new business and began developing and selling driving simulators. As of March 2019, we have delivered 260 driving simulators for use at driving schools, facilities of the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force (JGSDF), and logis- tics companies. Driving schools and the JGSDF facilities use the simulators for train- ing people hoping to acquire driving licenses, while logistics companies use the simulators for in-house training that enhances driving safety by increasing drivers’ ability to anticipate danger.
Going forward, we will use the software developed for driving simulators to hold corporate training and develop and roll out compact driving simulators for senior citizens as well as automobile driving simulators for licensing centers.
     72 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

 Why Social Contributions Are Important
As well as energizing society, the SEGA SAMMY Group’s businesses can have negative effects on society. We believe that providing moving experiences that outweigh these negative effects and continuing to return benefits to society is important for both business continuity and the strengthening of brand power.
  Social Contributions
Establishment of the SEGA SAMMY Culture and Arts Foundation
In contributing to society as a company that continuously creates moving experiences, the development and advancement of culture and the arts is indispensable. For this reason, we believe in the paramount importance of cultivating and sharing with society at large an array of works of art and novel ideas. Through the SEGA SAMMY Culture and Arts Foundation, we aim to enrich society by actively helping culture and the arts to flourish.
Launch of the Shichigahama-machi × SEGA SAMMY Group Regional Revitalization Project
The Group has executed a comprehensive partnership agreement on regional revitaliza- tion with Shichigahama-machi in Miyagi Prefecture. Since July 2019, our personnel have been visiting Shichigahama-machi to help plan and advance a range of projects aimed at revitalizing the region. Since directly after the Great East Japan Earthquake, we have been sending employee volunteers to the town. We have used our products and ser- vices to hold local events and conducted a variety of other support activities aimed at bringing smiles to the faces of residents of the disaster area so that they can set about reconstructing the region with a positive attitude. Through public–private sector partner- ships, we will tackle regional revitalization—one of Japan’s social issues. Accordingly, we will use our unique capabilities as a comprehensive entertainment corporate group to conduct in-depth initiatives with Shichigahama-machi.
Photo: Aichi Prefectural Art Theater Photo by Naoshi Hatori
   Main Initiative Themes
Support aimed at independent management of the town’s tourism association
Creation of an experience-type tourism industry Development of new brand products Publicizing the appeal of the fisheries industry and agriculture
Surveys and research on the feasibility of intro- ducing private-sector vitality to relocation sites Planning and development of projects for IT-enabled healthy longevity
City promotion activities and supporting activities aimed at independent management of the town
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 73

Continuing the Moving Experience Creation Cycle (ESG) Non-Financial Data
CO2 (Scope 1)
CO2 (Scope 2)
Total Energy Input
GJ
2,216,589
t-CO2
13,485
t-CO2
110,316
   100,449
2,050,423
1,832,927 1,897,720 1,862,911
   10,658
8,613
86,944
85,140
84,498
      8,712
  198,119
2,466
1,075,035
945,162 886,828 911,771 855,791
’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
7,199
    ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
(FY)
Electricity Usage
MWh t m3
’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
(FY)
Industrial Waste Discharge
’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
Water Usage
(FY)
 185,803
167,381 173,879 172,918
         1,860
1,242
1,188
1,112
        People
7,888
People / %
5.7
59
5.4 6.7 78
56
5.0 81
102 6.6
’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
(FY)
Number and Percentage of Female Managers
Number of Employees
(FY)
7,993 7,726
New Graduate Hires
People
144 139 124
95
(FY)
135
       7,606
7,639
           ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
(FYE)
’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
74 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
(FYE)
(FY)
Number of female managers  Percentage of female managers

Mid-Career Hires
People
288
Hiring of Persons with Disabilities
New Employee Turnover Rate
People
156
%
205 212
    212
226 224
’18 ’19
(FY)
173 168
23.9
20.4
   200
    15.7
   ’15
’16 ’17
’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
(FY)
Average Overtime Hours per Month
’15
’16
’17
’18 ’19
(FY)
Employees Rehired after Retirement
Employees Taking Childcare Leave and Percentage of Employees Returning to
People
Hours
57
25.000000
22.857143
20.714286
18.571429
16.428571
14.285714
Work after Childcare Leave
130
  21.9
19.7
People / %
100
97.9
88.3
88.9
100
90.9
100
98.6
95
’18
100
95.2
’19
  43 43
’17 ’18
18.7
17.3 17.3
83 77 82
          31
   ’15 ’16
’19
(FY)
10.000000 ’15
Days and Percentage of Paid Leave Taken
’15
’16
’17
19
Employees Taking Maternity Leave
People
66
People / %
47.0 8.5
63.7 46.2 11.5
8.2
x,xxx
12.142857
 ’16 ’17
’18 ’19
(FY)
69.5 12.5
(FY) Percentage of male employees returning to work after childcare leave
Percentage of female employees returning to work after childcare leave
Days of Volunteer Leave Taken and Employees Taking Volunteer Leave Day / People
Number of employees taking childcare leave
 59 59
92 70 101 57
46
42
’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
(FY)
Days of volunteer leave taken  Employees taking volunteer leave
108 74
40
35
   55 45
45.6 8.2
              ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
(FY)
’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
(FY) Days of paid leave taken  Percentage of paid leave taken
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 75

  Related SDGs SDGs Activity
    Continuing the Moving Experience Creation Cycle (ESG) Corporate Governance
 Corporate Governance System
市 場 環 境:自 主 規 制 の 変 更
 Fiscal Year 2006
Initiated internal control project
Aim: Strengthen internal control from a Groupwide perspective
 Fiscal Year 2008
 Appointed external director
Aim: Strengthen monitoring and oversight of business management and reflect wealth of insight in business management
 Fiscal Year 2009
Increased external directors to two
Aim: Strengthen monitoring and oversight of business management and reflect wealth of insight in business management
 Fiscal Year 2010
Established Group Compliance Liaison Committee
Aim: Establish J-SOX compliant internal control system
    Fiscal Year 2019
Increased external directors to four, revised the system for the compensation of directors, and introduced a stock compensation plan with restriction of transfer
Aim: Strengthen governance and provide incentives in relation to corporate value enhancement over the medium-to-long term
 Fiscal Year 2017
Established position of CFO, increased external directors to three, and disclosed action plan for achieving medium-term performance targets
Aim: Provide financial support for growth strategies and strengthen communication with capital markets
  Fiscal Year 2016
 Established Independent Advisory Committee, assessed effectiveness of the Board of Directors, and disclosed medium-term management strategy and targeted management indicators
Aim: Exchange information to receive opinions on significant management issues, and ensure oversight of the Board of Directors, bolster functions of directors, promote accountability to capital markets, and strengthen Group management
   Strengthen
継続的な
continuously
強化
 Composition of External Directors
市 場 環 境:自 主 規 制 の 変 更
 Internal directors
External directors
60% 40%
  Internal Directors’ Periods of Service (As of August 2019)
市 場 環 境:自 主 規 制 の 変 更
 More than 5 years 3 More than 2 years 1
Less than 1 year 1
More than 10 years 1
     Careers of External Directors
市場環境:自主規制の変更
  External directors
  Compensation of Directors (SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS non-consolidated)
External (Millions of yen) directors
FY2017 43 FY2018 46 FY2019 44
Internal directors
Total
    511 555
733 779
651 696
          76 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
p
R
u
a
a
i
e
t
I
s
m
s
i
e
a
n
o
i
c
t
l
i
t
b
i
i
t
l
e
s
,
a
i
e
T
a
s
c
n
i
F
.
t
s
n
c
e
n
t
I
n
o
o
n
s
u
r
n
a
l
t
n
n
i

 Overview of Governance Structure
The SEGA SAMMY Group has adopted an Audit and Supervisory Board member system to enable directors to make prompt, optimal decisions amid volatile business conditions based on their wealth of expertise and experience regarding the industry, market trends, products, merchandise, and services. At the same time, we have appointed external directors and strengthened our executive officer system and internal auditing system, thereby reinforcing corporate governance with respect to operational management and oversight.
Comprising 10 directors, the Board of Directors strives for agile business management. It convenes once a month in principle, hold- ing extraordinary sessions as required.
Comprising four members, the Audit and Supervisory Board thor- oughly examines and analyzes specific issues. It meets once a month and holds extraordinary sessions as required.
Corporate Governance System (As of June 30, 2019)
The SEGA SAMMY Group has established voluntary committees— the Group Management Strategies Committee and the Independent Advisory Committee—as well as the Group Compliance & Risk Liaison Committee, the Group Audit Liaison Committee, the Holdings Audit Liaison Committee, and the Audit and Supervisory Board Members and Internal Auditing Office Liaison Committee. These committees were established to facilitate intra-Group information sharing, discus- sion, verification, and coordination, and they are also tasked with issuing reports and making proposals to the Board of Directors. Furthermore, the Company has adopted an executive officer system with the aim of expediting management decision-making and enhancing operational implementation and related oversight functions.
         Election / Dismissal
Supervision Evaluation
Election / Dismissal
Audit / Audit Reporting / Exchange of Information
 Internal Auditing Office
Election / Dismissal Execution Instructions
Reports
Reports
Specific Execution Instructions
Executive Officers
Board of Directors
General Meeting of Shareholders
 Reports / Election / Proposals Dismissal
Audit
Reports Determination of Election / Dismissal Proposal of Accounting Auditor
 Audit and Supervisory Board
Independent Auditor
    Instructions by President
Reports
Instruction for operations
Support for operations
Reports /
Exchange of Information
Reports / Proposals / Exchange of Information
Officer of Audit & Supervisory Board Members
       Advance Deliberations / Instructions for Examination
Implementation Policies / Exchange of Information
  Reports / Proposals
Reports / Proposals
Advice / Exchange of Information
   Voluntary Committees
Liaison Committees
 Group Audit Liaison Committee
 Independent Advisory Committee
 Group Compliance & Risk Liaison Committee
 Holdings Audit Liaison Committee
 Group Management Strategies Committee
 Audit and Supervisory Board Members and Internal Auditing Office Liaison Committee
  Internal Audit / Reports / Advice
 Reports / Proposals Exchange of Information
Implementation of Policies / Exchange of Information
  Each Division
Notification Channel
Various Consultation Channels
Group Companies
     INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 77

Continuing the Moving Experience Creation Cycle (ESG) Corporate Governance
External Directors and Audit and
Supervisory Board Members
The Company has 10 directors, four of whom are external directors and three of whom are independent directors, as well as four Audit and Supervisory Board members, two of whom are outside Audit and Supervisory Board members and independent directors. At the vari- ous meetings that they attend, external directors and outside Audit and Supervisory Board members provide guidance and advice based on their abundant experience and highly specialized knowledge.
Selection Policy
External directors provide advice on raising the corporate value of the Company and the Group from an external perspective, based on their extensive expertise and experience. Aiming to enable the oversight of directors’ implementation of operations, we appoint external direc- tors from among business executives. We appoint outside Audit and Supervisory Board members with extensive expertise and experience in a wide range of areas because we appreciate the important
role outside Audit and Supervisory Board members perform in realizing corporate governance by heightening the impartiality and independence of the auditing system. Also, we aim to ensure the soundness of business management through auditing from an objective standpoint.
Policy Regarding Independence
Regarding the independence of external directors and external Audit and Supervisory Board members, the Company determines based on “significant business partners” or “large monetary amounts,” which are cited in the independence criteria stipulated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE), with reference to the publicly announced standard model for appointing independent directors and based on said crite- ria. We deem that persons satisfying the requirements of the said criteria do not have conflicts of interest with general shareholders. The Company has adopted a policy of appointing all independent directors as external directors and outside Audit and Supervisory Board members that meet the independence criteria stipulated by the TSE.
Status, Composition, and Chairs of Voluntary Committees
Reason for Appointment of External Directors
 Kohei Katsukawa
 Melanie Brock
 Corporate manager (Financial institutions)
To reflect Mr. Katsukawa’s wealth of experience and extensive expertise in the financial field in the Company’s business management
 Corporate manager (International business)
Ms. Brock is the Company’s first female director and also the first non-Japanese director. Her appointment reflects her wealth of experience and extensive expertise as an international business leader. It also underpins the Company’s commitment to business management built on diverse philosophy and values.
 Takeshi Natsuno
 Hiroshi Onishi
 Corporate manager (IT companies, etc.)
To reflect Mr. Natsuno’s wealth of experience as a business executive and extensive expertise in the information communication field in the Company’s business management
 Corporate manager (Retail)
To reflect Mr. Onishi’s wealth of experi- ence and extensive expertise in the retail and department store industry in the Company’s business management
Reason for Appointment of
Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Members
Independent Advisory Committee
The Independent Advisory Committee comprises all of the Company’s independent external directors and independent outside Audit and Supervisory Board members. In response to consultation by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer, the Independent Advisory Committee provides opinions from an inde- pendent standpoint that primarily relate to analyses and assess- ments of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors as a whole; involvement in the decision-making process for compensation; and assessments of candidates for the positions of director or Audit and Supervisory Board member.
 Mineo Enomoto
 Kazutaka Okubo
 To reflect Mr. Enomoto’s wealth of experience and extensive expertise as an attorney in the Company’s auditing
 To reflect Mr. Okubo’s wealth of expertise and extensive experience in auditing work as a certified public accountant in the Company’s auditing
 Committee name
Total committee members
Full-time committee members
Internal directors
External directors
External experts
Others
Committee chair
Voluntary committee equivalent to a nomination committee
Voluntary committee equivalent to a compensation committee
Independent Advisory Committee
Independent Advisory Committee
5 0 0 3 0 2 None 5 0 0 3 0 2 None
                  78 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

Assessment of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
The Independent Advisory Committee analyzes and assesses the Board of Directors as a whole with respect to its size, composition, management method, deliberations, and support systems as well as other matters that are important for the effective performance of roles and duties by the Board of Directors. In fiscal year 2019, each director responded to a questionnaire. In light of these responses, the Independent Advisory Committee conducted an assessment and reported that the effectiveness of the Company’s Board of Directors was being maintained at an ordinary Board of Directors’ meeting. The Independent Advisory Committee favorably evaluated measures to
encourage in-depth discussions of matters, which included creating opportunities to discuss important matters in advance of Board of Directors’ meetings. At the same time, the Committee recommended that (a) thorough feedback be provided with regard to remarks and opinions provided during advance discussions and that (b) explana- tions of matters already explained beforehand at Board of Directors’ meetings be streamlined to ensure adequate time for deliberation
in order to ensure effective management. In light of this effectiveness assessment, the Board of Directors will improve its functions
and effectiveness.
Main Activities
He attended 13 of the 13 Board of Directors’ meetings (12 of 12 ordinary meetings) convened in the fiscal year under review. He principally provided expert opinions on business manage- ment and stated recommendations with a view to ensuring the appropriateness and fairness of the Board of Directors’ decision-making.
He attended 13 of the 13 Board of Directors’ meetings (12 of 12 ordinary meetings) convened in the fiscal year under review. He principally provided expert opinions on business manage- ment and stated recommendations with a view to ensuring the appropriateness and fairness of the Board of Directors’ decision-making.
He attended 9 of the 10 Board of Directors’ meetings (9 of the 10 ordinary meetings) convened in the fiscal year under review following his appointment. He principally provided expert opinions on business management and stated recommendations with a view to ensuring
the appropriateness and fairness of the Board of Directors’ decision-making.
He attended 13 of the 13 Board of Directors’ meetings (12 of 12 ordinary meetings) convened in the fiscal year under review. He principally provided expert opinions on business manage- ment and stated recommendations with a view to ensuring the appropriateness and fairness of the Board of Directors’ decision-making. Further, he attended 15 of the 15 the Audit & Supervisory Board meetings convened in the fiscal year under review, where he exchanged opinions on audit results and deliberated significant matters related to audits.
He attended 13 of the 13 Board of Directors’ meetings (12 of 12 ordinary meetings) convened in the fiscal year under review. He principally provided opinions based on his professional insight as an attorney, provided expert opinions on business management, and stated recommendations with a view to ensuring the appropriateness and fairness of the Board of Directors’ decision-making. Further, he attended 14 of the 15 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings convened in the fiscal year under review, where he exchanged opinions on audit results and deliberated significant matters related to audits.
Activity in Fiscal Year 2019
Board of Directors
Board of Directors convened External directors
 Takeshi Natsuno
 Kohei Katsukawa
 Hiroshi Onishi
 External directors’ attendance
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
Meeting Attendance
13 times
Attended 13 of 13 meetings (including 12 of 12 ordinary Board of Directors’ meetings)
Attended 13 of 13 meetings (including 12 of 12 ordinary Board of Directors’ meetings)
Attended 9 of 10 meetings (including 9 of 10 ordinary Board of Directors’ meetings)
97%
Attended 13 of 13 meetings (including 12 of 12 ordinary Board of Directors’ meetings)
Attended 13 of 13 meetings (including 12 of 12 ordinary Board of Directors’ meetings)
100%
                       Tomio Kazashi
 Mineo Enomoto
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members’ attendance
          Melanie Brock, Director of the Board (External)
 A Global Perspective
My name is Melanie Brock, and I am SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS’ newly appointed Director of the Board (External). As a director, I hope to support and to enhance the Company business and corporate values by providing a global perspective.
I first came to Japan in 1982. I have lived here in Japan for close to 30 years and during that time I have worked hard to promote goodwill between Japan and Australia. I have consulted widely on corporate governance, focusing on Australian and Japanese companies in Asia, as well as in both Australia and Japan. Japanese society is rapidly globalizing and a diversity of approach and thought is needed more and more. As such, business is undergoing significant change.
The SEGA SAMMY Group has a clear sense of and commitment to current and future business and entertainment trends. As a global entertainment group, it is well placed to take advantage of this shift in a constructive and all-encom- passing way, and to build on this foundation. To achieve this, overall respect for the importance of diversity of thought and values is needed. Diversity will create innovation. As such, a Companywide commitment to SDGs is necessary.
Going forward, as Japan’s commitment to the implementation of integrated resorts takes shape, there will be a height- ened requirement for the SEGA SAMMY Group vis a vis enhanced compliance, including that of corporate governance.
I hope that my experience in business, my strong commitment to a global perspective, and my IR background, will help me contribute to enhanced corporate value for the SEGA SAMMY Group.
Melanie Brock
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 79

Continuing the Moving Experience Creation Cycle (ESG) Corporate Governance
Compensation of Directors
Compensation of directors and Audit and Supervisory Board members for fiscal year 2019 is as follows.
 Position
Basic compensation Internal 5 651 483
Bonus
Stock options 13
       Directors
Audit and Supervisory Board members
155
External 4 44 44 — —
             Internal 1 18 18 — — External 2 20 20 — —
             The compensation paid to directors who received ¥100 million or more in consolidated compensation for fiscal year 2019 is as follows.
Name
Hajime Satomi Haruki Satomi
Position
Director Director
Company
Basic compensation 380 The Company 276 160 The Company 105 Sammy 9
Bonus
Stock options 4
4 — — — —
                      SEGA Holdings SEGA Games Sammy Networks
3 1 1
100 36 — — — —
               Revision of Directors’ Compensation Amounts
The Company implemented an overall revision of the system for the compensation of directors with the aim of ensuring transparency and increasing incentives to focus business management on corporate value enhancement.
At the same time, the Company introduced a stock compensation plan with restriction of transfer to facilitate convergence between the long-term interests of directors and shareholders. Further, the plan will motivate directors to pursue corporate value enhancement based on longer-term viewpoints and to take maximum advantage of their talents in such efforts.
As a result of the revision of the system for compensation of direc- tors, compensation of directors now comprises fixed compensation and single-fiscal-year, performance-based compensation.
With regard to fixed compensation, a compensation table desig- nates amounts for base compensation, responsibility-related com- pensation, and role-related compensation. In accordance with this table, the total of these three types of compensation is paid as monthly fixed compensation.
Meanwhile, single-fiscal-year, performance-based compensation
is paid in the form of bonuses for directors. Specifically, the level of ordinary income, the degree of business plan achievement, and the degree of year-on-year growth are converted into scores, and the total scores for these three factors determine evaluations. Bonuses are then paid based on a bonus table, which designates directors’ bonuses in numbers of months.
Further, directors’ bonuses are not to be paid if loss attributable to owners of parent is recorded.
Outline of the New System for the Compensation of Directors
 Fixed Compensation
    Base Compensation Responsibility-Related Compensation
Fixed monthly compensation + Paid to those with the responsibilities of a + representative director
Role-Related Compensation
Paid to those with the role of CEO, COO, or CFO
 Bonuses for Directors
  Fixed Compensation
×
Total score for the level of ordinary income, the degree of business plan achievement, and the degree of year-on-year growth
 80 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
Directors / Audit and Supervisory Board members
Total consolidated compensation, etc. (Millions of yen)
Total compensation (Millions of yen)
Total compensation by type (Millions of yen)
Total consolidated compensation by type (Millions of yen)

Fixed Compensation (Monthly compensation, millions of yen)
 Base Compensation
  Chairman
President
Deputy COO
15.0 Representative Director
8.0
4.5
3.0
Responsibility-Related Compensation
Role-Related Compensation
CEO 5.0
COO 3.0
CFO 1.0
         Senior Executive Vice President 4.0
Executive Vice President 3.5
Director 3.0
Those Serving Concurrently as Representative
Director and President of Sammy Inc. or SEGA 4.0 Holdings Co., Ltd.
* The above is not applicable to external directors.
* For those serving in positions concurrently, the base compensation of the Board.
* Directors assigned to overseas posts receive overseas assignment benefits in addition to the above.
Bonuses for Directors
    Bonuses are determined by multiplying fixed compensation by a coefficient, which is calculated based on the criteria stated in the bonus table below.
Ordinary income
Degree of business plan achievement and degree of year-on-year growth
Degree of business plan achievement
Degree of year-on-year growth
         Evaluation
SS S A+ A B C D
Ordinary income
¥70 billion or higher
¥50 billion or higher than ¥70 billion
¥35 billion or higher than ¥50 billion
¥20 billion or higher than ¥35 billion
¥10 billion or higher than ¥20 billion
but less but less but less but less
Sales
Achieved Not achieved Achieved Not achieved
Ordinary income Score
Achieved 7 Achieved 5 Not achieved 1 Not achieved 0
Sales
Achieved Not achieved Achieved Not achieved
Ordinary income
Achieved Achieved Not achieved Not achieved
Score
3 2 1 0
                                    Evaluation determined based on the total of the scores for degree of business plan achievement and degree of year-on-year growth
       Score
Evaluation
       Less than ¥10 billion Ordinary loss
9 points or more 7 or 8 points
5 or 6 points
2 to 4 points
1 point or less
5 4 3 2 1
            Introduction of a Stock Compensation Plan with Restriction of Transfer
The purpose of the stock compensation plan with restriction of trans- fer is to provide directors with incentives to sustain enhancement of the Company’s corporate value and to further increase the sharing of value between eligible directors and shareholders. Moreover, to
coincide with the scheduled announcement of its new medium-term management plan, the Company also plans to expand stock with restriction of transfer that is similar to the aforementioned stock with restriction of transfer to Group companies.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 81

Continuing the Moving Experience Creation Cycle (ESG) Corporate Governance
Nomination of Directors and Audit and
Supervisory Board Members
In determining candidates for the positions of director and Audit and Supervisory Board member, the Company’s basic policy is to conduct a comprehensive assessment of their personal qualities, expertise, knowledge, capabilities, and experience. The Independent Advisory Committee considers the candidates that the president has nominated, interviews the candidates, and submits an opinion based on assessment results to the president. With reference to these assessment results and in accordance with the abovementioned policy, the president determines candi- dates for the position of director or Audit and Supervisory Board member, and the Board of Directors examines and approves the candidates. The same procedure is followed if the Independent Advisory Committee recommends a candidate to the
president for the positions of director or Audit and Supervisory Board member.
Shares Held for Strategic Reasons
In addition to shares it holds purely as investments, the Company holds shares to enable the expansion of operational alliances and business transactions and thereby enhance corporate and share- holder value. Meetings of the Board of Directors regularly verify economic rationality and outlooks in relation to such shares and
Transactions with Related Parties
Transactions between the Company and directors or between the Company and companies under the effective control of directors that would constitute a conflict of interest or competition with the Company require approval through a resolution of the Board of Directors pursuant to laws and regulations. Further, in securities reports the Company discloses transaction conditions and policies
Internal Control
In addition, an internal control project launched in fiscal year 2006 established an assessment and reporting framework for internal control in accordance with the stipulations of Japan’s Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, which requires “Management Assessment and Audit concerning Internal Control Over Financial Reporting” (J-SOX). Also, the Company has rectified deficiencies that the project identified. As a result, systems to ensure the reliability of financial reports have become firmly established in the Group.
Training of Directors and Audit and
Supervisory Board Members
When appointing a director or Audit and Supervisory Board member, the Company conducts an orientation about its systems and provides opportunities to participate in training aimed at the acquisition of knowledge about the roles and duties that a direc- tor or Audit and Supervisory Board member of a listed company is expected to fulfill as well as about related laws and regulations and compliance. After appointing a director or Audit and Supervisory Board member, the Company continuously provides opportunities for them to acquire required knowledge. For exam- ple, after meetings of the Board of Directors the Company holds workshops, which are conducted by outside lecturers who are lawyers or specialists in particular fields. Also, the Company encourages self-improvement by supporting participation in outside seminars or workshops.
consider the pros and cons of holding the shares going forward. In exercising voting rights associated with the shares, the Company’s criterion is whether proposals will contribute to the sustained growth of the Company and the investee and thereby enhance corporate value over the medium-to-long term.
on the determination of transaction conditions. The Company has established systems to ensure that transactions with directors or companies under the effective control of directors and transactions with customers that are major shareholders do not disadvantage the Company.
We believe that internal controls operated effectively in relation to the financial reports the Group issued for fiscal year 2019. As we continue to ensure the reliability of financial reports, we will main- tain and build internal control systems to increase efficiency and ensure soundness.
(For details, please see Our Stance and Status on the Corporate Governance Code on our corporate website.)
82 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

Compliance
Based on the Group Code of Conduct and the Group Management Policy, the SEGA SAMMY Group is undertaking a variety of initiatives to ensure that all employees are aware of compliance and to enable them to act appropriately. Furthermore, having identified loss risks within and outside the scope of its business management and clarified the tasks it should address, the Group implements operations, minimizes the loss of management resources, and prevents recurrence.
Compliance Promotion Structure
Established in fiscal year 2010 to strengthen initiatives throughout the Group, the Group Compliance Liaison Committee spearheads efforts to build internal structures that enable sound management in accor- dance with statutory laws and regulations and social norms. Also, the Company is developing and implementing Groupwide initiatives.
These include continuation of Compliance Advancement Initiatives, which it began in fiscal year 2010, and informing employees about a comprehensive revision of the whistleblower system to ensure opera- tional duties are performed appropriately.
Informing Employees about the Group Code
of Conduct and Other Commitments
The SEGA SAMMY Group complies rigorously with corporate ethics and statutory laws and regulations by ensuring all employees of the Group understand the Group CSR Charter and by providing guidance on conduct and performance of duties consistent with the spirit of this charter in the Group Code of Conduct and the Group Management Policy.
Because inculcating the Group Code of Conduct among employees is important to our compliance program, we distribute a CSR guide- book to employees that includes the Group Mission, the Group Management Philosophy, and the Group CSR Charter. Employees can also view these and the Group Management Policy on the Company’s intranet.
Whistleblower System
The Group has established a whistleblower system to enable self- correction within the Group and to prevent scandals due to illegal or unfair practices. Each Group company has established a whistle- blower system and a contact point at an external law office. The Group investigates reported matters, rectifies them, and takes mea- sures to prevent recurrence of such issues. Also, the Group has established a system that protects whistleblowers and uses its intranet and posters to inform all employees about the system.
In fiscal year 2017, the Group introduced a whistleblower system to overseas operations.
In Japan, the whistleblower system responded to 9 cases in fiscal year 2016, 16 in fiscal year 2017, 19 in fiscal year 2018, and 24 in fiscal year 2019. Breaking down whistleblower reports between fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2019, suspected power harassment cases accounted for 38% of reports, suspected rule or law violation cases 26%, suspected sexual harassment cases 11%, employment-related cases 8%, and other cases 17%. As for the whistleblowers, 53% were employees; 16% were part-time or temporary personnel; 5% were retirees, family members, or business partners; and 26% were unknown due to anonymous reporting.
Communication with Shareholders and Other Investors
The Company has defined its basic stance toward information disclo- sure described in its Investor Relations Policy. Based on this stance, the director in charge of the Finance & Accounting Division, who is also responsible for information management, guides the Investor Relations Department within the Finance & Accounting Division in conducting information disclosure. The disclosure activities of this specialized organization are advanced in accordance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other laws and ordi- nances as well as the Regulations Governing the Timely Disclosure of Corporate Information by Issuer of Listed Securities set forth by the TSE. In addition to information disclosure mandated by laws or the abovementioned timely disclosure regulations, the Company also conducts proactive voluntary disclosure of information with the potential to significantly influence the decisions of investors. Further, we participate in conferences that securities companies organize.
In addition, the Company continually takes measures to further investors’ understanding of its business activities. For example,
we are increasing and improving the investor relations-related materi- als available on our corporate website. Moreover, our website has a section for individual investors that includes readily understandable explanations of the Group.
Furthermore, the Company endeavors to heighten the objectivity of its business management by reflecting valuable opinions
and requests received from shareholders and investors in its business management.
 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 83

  Continuing the Moving Experience Creation Cycle (ESG) Corporate Governance
Directors
1980 President (Representative Director) of Sammy Industry Co., Ltd. (now Sammy Corporation)
2004 Chairman of the Board (Representative Director) of SEGA CORPORATION (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.) Chairman and CEO (Representative Director) of Sammy Corporation
Chairman and CEO (Representative Director) of
SEGA CORPORATION (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.) Chairman, President and CEO (Representative Director) of the Company
2007 President, CEO and COO (Representative Director) of SEGA CORPORATION (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
2008 Chairman and CEO (Representative Director) of the above
2012 Chairman of the Board of Sammy Corporation Chairman of the Board of PHOENIX RESORT CO., LTD.
2013 Chairman and CEO (Representative Director) of Sammy Corporation
2015 Chairman and CEO (Representative Director) of SEGA Holdings Co., Ltd.
2016 Chairman, President, CEO and COO (Representative Director) of the Company
2017 Chairman and CEO (Representative Director) of the Company Chairman of the Board (Representative Director) of
Sammy Corporation (current position)
Honorary Chairman of the Board of SEGA Holdings Co., Ltd. (current position)
Chairman of the Board of MARZA ANIMATION PLANET INC. (current position)
2018 Chairman and Group CEO (Representative Director) of the Company (current position)
Senior Advisor (Director of the Board) of PHOENIX RESORT CO., LTD. (current position)
External Directors
1997 Joined NTT Mobile Communications Network, Inc. (now NTT DOCOMO, Inc.)
2005 Executive Officer and General Manager of Multimedia Services Department of the above
2008 Guest Professor, Graduate School of Media and Governance of Keio University (current position)
Director of the Board (External) of the Company (current position) Outside Director of transcosmos inc. (current position)
Director of NTT Resonant Inc. (current position)
2009 Outside Director of DLE, Ltd. (current position) Outside Director of GREE, Inc. (current position)
2010 Outside Director of U-NEXT Co., Ltd. (now USEN-NEXT HOLDINGS Co., Ltd.) (current position)
2016 Outside Director of Oracle Corporation Japan (current position)
Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers (As of June 21, 2019)
      Hajime Satomi
Chairman and Group CEO (Representative Director)
84 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
Haruki Satomi
President and Group COO (Representative Director)
2004 Joined Sammy Corporation
2005 Joined SEGA CORPORATION (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.) Director of SEGA of America, Inc.
1992 Joined SEGA Enterprises, Ltd. (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
2004 Vice President, Executive Officer of SEGA CORPORATION (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
2005 CEO of SEGA Publishing Europe Ltd.
2006 Vice President, Senior Executive Officer of SEGA CORPORATION (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
CEO and President of SEGA Holdings U.S.A., Inc. Chairman of SEGA of America, Inc.
2008 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of SEGA CORPORATION (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
2009 Executive Vice President (Director of the Board) of the above Chairman of SEGA Europe Ltd.
2012 President and COO (Representative Director) of SEGA CORPORATION (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
Vice Chairman and CEO of Sega Jinwin (Shanghai) Amusements Co., Ltd.
Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of the Company CEO and President of SEGA Holdings Europe Ltd.
2014 Senior Executive Vice President (Representative Director) of the Company
Vice Chairman of the Board of SEGA CORPORATION
(now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
Vice Chairman of the Board of PHOENIX RESORT CO., LTD.
(current position)
Member of the Board of Directors of PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd.
2015 Vice Chairman of the Board of SEGA Holdings Co., Ltd. Chairman, Representative Director and President of SEGA LIVE CREATION Inc. (now CA Sega Joypolis Ltd.)
Chairman of the Board of Sega Sammy Golf Entertainment Inc. (current position)
2016 Senior Executive Vice President (Director of the Board) of the Company (current position)
2017 Chairman and Director of CA Sega Joypolis Ltd. (current position)
Senior Executive Vice President of PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd. (current position)
1974 Joined Sumitomo Bank (now Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation)
2001 Executive Officer, Head of Osaka Corporate Banking Division II of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
2005 Managing Executive Officer, Deputy Head of Wholesale Banking Unit (in charge of East Japan) of the above
2007 Executive Vice President and Representative Director of NIF SMBC Ventures Co., Ltd. (now SMBC Venture Capital Co., Ltd.)
2010 President and Representative Director of SMBC Venture Capital Co., Ltd.
2014 President and Representative Director of GINSEN Co., Ltd. Outside Director of Kyoto University Innovation Capital Co., Ltd. (current position)
2016 Director of the Board (External) of the Company (current position)
Special Advisor of GINSEN Co., Ltd. (current position) Outside Director of ELECOM CO., LTD. (current position)
2011 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of Sammy Networks Co., Ltd.
2012 President and CEO (Representative Director) of Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
President and CEO (Representative Director) of Ltd. (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
2014 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of Deputy COO (Representative Director) of SEGA (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
2015 Deputy COO (Representative Director) of SEGA
President and CEO (Representative Director) of SEGA Games Co., Ltd. Deputy COO (Representative Director) of Sammy Corporation
2016 President and COO (Representative Director) of the above
Chairman of the Board (Representative Director) of Sammy Networks Co., Ltd. (current position)
Executive Vice President (Director of the Board) of the Company
2017 President and COO (Representative Director) of the Company President and CEO (Representative Director) of Sammy Corporation (current position)
Chairman and CEO (Representative Director) of SEGA Holdings Co., Ltd. (current position)
Chairman and CEO (Representative Director) of SEGA Games Co., Ltd. (current position)
2018 President and Group COO (Representative Director) of the Company (current position)
Chairman of the Board of PHOENIX RESORT CO., LTD. (current position)
2017 Outside Director of AWS Holdings (now Ubicom Holdings) (current position)
Director of GENETEC CORPORATION (current position) Advisor of ecohai Co., Ltd. (current position)
Outside Director of Cool Japan Fund Inc. (current position)
2018 Chairman and Representative Director of MOVIE WALKER Co., Ltd. (current position)
Director of BOOK WALKER Co., Ltd. (current position) Director, Member of the Board of KADOKAWA CORPORATION (current position)
2019 President and Representative Director of DWANGO Co., Ltd. (current position)
the above
the Company
SEGA CORPORATION
SEGA Networks Co.,
Sammy Corporation CORPORATION
Holdings Co., Ltd.
Naoya Tsurumi
Senior Executive
Vice President (Director of the Board)
    Takeshi Natsuno*1
Director of the Board (External)
Kohei Katsukawa*1
Director of the Board (External)
 2017 Director of DX ANTENNA CO., LTD. (current position)

       Koichi Fukazawa
Executive
Vice President and Group CFO
(Director of the Board)
2003 Joined Sammy Corporation
Vice President, Executive Officer and Managing Director of President’s Office of the above
2004 Vice President, Executive Officer and Managing Director of President’s Office of the Company
Vice President, Executive Officer and Managing Director of Chairman’s Office and President’s Office of SEGA CORPORATION
(now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
2005 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) and Managing Director of Chairman’s Office and President’s Office of the above
2007 President (Representative Director) of SEGA SAMMY ASSET MANAGEMENT INC. (now MARZA ANIMATION PLANET INC.) Senior Executive Officer and in charge of Corporate Strategy and External Affairs of the Company
2008 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) and Managing Director of New Business Division of SEGA CORPORATION
(now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
2009 President (Representative Director) of SEGASAMMY VISUAL ENTERTAINMENT INC. (now MARZA ANIMATION PLANET INC.)
2014 Senior Executive Vice President (Representative Director) of SEGA TOYS CO., LTD.
2015 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of the above Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of the Company
2016 Executive Vice President and CFO (Director of the Board) of the Company
2018 Executive Vice President and Group CFO (Director of the Board) of the Company (current position)
1979 Joined Isetan Co., Ltd. (now Isetan Mitsukoshi Ltd.)
2005 Executive Officer, Manager, General Planning Section, Management Planning Department of the above
2009 President, Representative Director and Executive Officer of Isetan Co., Ltd. (now Isetan Mitsukoshi Ltd.)
2010 Director of Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings Ltd.
2011 President, Representative Director, Executive Officer and Division Manager / Department Store Business Planning & Operation Headquarters of Isetan Mitsukoshi Ltd.
2012 President, Representative Director and Executive Officer of Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings. Ltd.
President, Representative Director and Executive Officer of Isetan Mitsukoshi Ltd.
2016 Chairman of Japan Department Stores Association
2017 Director of Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings. Ltd.
2018 Director of the Board (External) of the Company (current position) Director and Executive Vice President of Japan Airport Terminal Co., Ltd. President and Representative Director of Haneda Future Research Institute Incorporated (current position)
1987 Joined SEGA Enterprises, Ltd. (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
1997 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of the above
2003 Vice President, Senior Executive Officer of SEGA CORPORATION (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
2004 Director of the Board of TMS ENTERTAINMENT CO., LTD. Executive Vice President (Director of the Board) of SEGA CORPORATION (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of the Company
2007 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of SEGA CORPORATION (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
2008 President (Representative Director) of TMS ENTERTAINMENT CO., LTD.
2001 Joined Sammy Corporation
2002 Vice President, Executive Officer and Deputy Managing Director of President’s Office of the above
2004 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) and Managing Director of Administration Division of the above
Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) and Managing Director of Corporate Division and President’s Office of the above
2007 Vice President, Senior Executive Officer of the Company
2012 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of PHOENIX RESORT CO., LTD.
2015 President (Representative Director) of TAIYO ELEC Co., Ltd.
Hideki Okamura
Executive
Vice President (Director of the Board)
2016 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of SEGA Holdings Co., 2014 Vice Chairman of the Board of the above Ltd.
President and COO (Representative Director) of SEGA CORPORATION (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of the Company
2015 President and COO (Representative Director) of SEGA Holdings Co., Ltd. (current position)
Chairman of the Board of SEGA Interactive Co., Ltd. (current position)
Chairman of the Board (Representative Director) of TMS ENTERTAINMENT CO., LTD. (current position)
Chairman of the Board (Representative Director) of SEGA TOYS CO., LTD. (current position)
Chairman of the Board (Representative Director) of MARZA ANIMATION PLANET INC.
Chairman of the Board (Representative Director) of DARTSLIVE
Co., Ltd. (current position)
President (Director of the Board) of SEGA ENTERTAINMENT Co., Ltd.
2017 Executive Vice President (Director of the Board) of the Company (current position)
Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of SEGA Games Co., Ltd. (current position)
President (Representative Director) of MARZA ANIMATION PLANET INC. (current position)
Chairman of the Board of SEGA ENTERTAINMENT Co., Ltd. (current position)
2003 CEO of AGENDA (now Melanie Brock Advisory Ltd.) (current position)
2010 Board Member of Australia-Japan Foundation
Board Member of Australia Japan Business Co-operation Committee (current position)
Chair of Australian and New Zealand Chamber of Commerce in Japan Regional Manager - Japan of Meat & Livestock Australia
2012 Chair of Australian Business Asia
2016 Chair Emeritus of Australian and New Zealand Chamber of Commerce in Japan (current position)
2019 Director of the Board (External) of the Company (current position)
Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) and Managing Director of Corporate Division of the above
Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of SEGA ENTERTAINMENT CO., LTD. (current position)
Auditor of Sega Amusements Taiwan Ltd. (current position)
2017 Executive Vice President (Director of the Board) and Managing Director of Corporate Division of SEGA Holdings Co., Ltd. (current position)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SEGA Games Co., Ltd. (current position)
2018 Vice President, Senior Executive Officer and Managing Director of Legal Division of the Company
2019 Director of the Board of the Company (current position)
Hideo Yoshizawa
Director of the Board
    Hiroshi Onishi*1
Director of the Board (External)
Outside Director of STRIPE INTERNATIONAL INC. (current position)
*1 Qualified external director as provided in Paragraph 2, Clause 15 of the Companies Act of Japan
Melanie Brock*1
Director of the Board (External)
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 85

  Continuing the Moving Experience Creation Cycle (ESG) Corporate Governance
Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers (As of June 21, 2019)
Audit and Supervisory Board Members
        Shigeru Aoki
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
2005 Joined SEGA CORPORATION (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.) as Head Councilor
Vice President, Executive Officer and Managing Director of Office of China and Asia Business Management of the above
2006 President of Sega Networks (China) Co., Ltd.
2008 Vice President, Executive Officer and Managing Director of Business Administration Department of Sammy Corporation
Vice President, Executive Officer and Managing Director of Corporate Division of the above
2009 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) and Managing Director of Corporate Division
of the above
2011 Executive Vice President (Director of the Board) and Managing Director of Corporate Division of the above
2012 President and COO (Representative Director) of the above
2013 Senior Vice President (Director of the Board) of the Company
2016 Vice Chairman of the Board (Representative Director) of Sammy Corporation
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member of the Company (current position)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Japan Multimedia Services Corporation
(now JMS-United Co., Ltd.) (current position)
2017 Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SEGA SAMMY BUSINESS SUPPORT INC.
(current position)
2018 Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Sammy Corporation (current position)
2019 Audit & Supervisory Board Member of PHOENIX RESORT CO., LTD. (current position)
Executive Officers
2003 Joined Sammy Corporation as Director of Audit Office
2004 Director of Legal Department of Administration Division of the above
2006 Director of Audit & Supervisory Board Members’ Office of the Company
2014 Audit & Supervisory Board Member of the Company (current position)
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SEGA CORPORATION (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
2015 Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SEGA Interactive Co., Ltd. (current position)
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SEGA Holdings Co., Ltd. (current position) Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SEGA Games Co., Ltd. (current position)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of TMS ENTERTAINMENT CO., LTD.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SEGA ENTERTAINMENT Co., Ltd. (current position) Audit & Supervisory Board Member of MARZA ANIMATION PLANET INC. (current position)
1978 Registered with the Japan Federation of Bar Associations
2000 Established Enomoto Law Office
(now Enomoto and Matsui Law Office)
2004 Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External) of Sammy Networks Co., Ltd.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External) of SEGA CORPORATION (now SEGA Games Co., Ltd.)
2005 Substitute Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External) of the Company
2006 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Nippon Koei Co., Ltd.
2007 Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External) of the Company (current position)
2014 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SHIMOJIMA Co., Ltd. (current position)
2015 External Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SEGA Holdings Co., Ltd. (current position) Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SEGA Games Co., Ltd.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of SEGA Interactive Co., Ltd.
1995 Joined Century Audit Corporation (now Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC)
1999 Certified Public Accountant registered
2003 Director of Shinnihon Integrity Assurance, Inc. (now Ernst & Young Shinnihon Sustainability Co., Ltd.)
2005 Managing Director of the above
2006 Partner of Ernst & Young ShinNihon (now Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC)
2012 Senior Partner of Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC
2016 Senior Executive Board Member of Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC
2019 Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External) of the Company (current position)
     Makoto Takahashi
Vice President, Senior Executive Officer
86 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
Yukito Sakaue
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Mineo Enomoto*2
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External)
*2 Qualified outside company auditor as provided in Paragraph 2, Clause 16 of the Companies Act of Japan
Yoichi Owaki
Vice President, Senior Executive Officer
Kazutaka Okubo*2
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (External)
  Toru Nakahara
Vice President, Senior Executive Officer
Shuji Utsumi
Vice President, Senior Executive Officer
        Hiroshi Ishikura
Vice President, Executive Officer
Koichi Takahashi
Vice President, Executive Officer
Takaharu Kato
Vice President, Executive Officer
Rei Kudo
Vice President, Executive Officer
 Hironobu Otsuka
Vice President, Executive Officer

  Financials
Management’s Discussion and Analysis P.88 Company Profile / Stock Information P.95 Consolidated Balance Sheets P.96 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income       P.98 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets       P.99 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows       P.101 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements       P.103 Independent Auditor’s Report       P.136
                   INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 87

 Financials
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income
Long-Term Trends
The principal factors causing the decline in net sales are a decrease in the revenues of the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business due to the strength- ening of regulations and a decrease in sales accompanying a reduction in business scale, which resulted from the structural reform of the existing busi- nesses of SEGA Games (including the closure and disposal of amusement centers in the amusement center operations area). Regarding earnings, structural reforms in fiscal year 2015 improved the profitability of the Entertainment Contents Business, which contributed to earnings and enabled the Company to depart from a downward earnings trend. In the previous two fiscal years, however, earnings have declined due to lower earnings from the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business, which has been affected by market environment changes associated with regulatory reform, and from the Digital Games area, where competition is intensifying.
   Main Causes of the Decline in Earnings
Declining Earnings within Existing Businesses amid Market Contraction
SAMMY Unit Sales / Pachislot and Pachinko Market Size
Thousands of units / Billions of yen
 900.6
391
242.3
123
’09 ’10
’11
’12
’13
’14
’15
’16
’17
’’18
503.9
159
168.4
67
’19
     Pachislot machine unit sales 
Pachinkomachineunitsales(SEGASAMMYunitsales) (SettlementdatesfromJulytoJune:Marketsize) Pachislot machine market size  Pachinko machine market size
Source: Yano Research Institute Ltd.
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business Operating Income
Billions of yen
71.0
(FY: Unit sales)
   ’1’12 ’’13 ’’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 (FY)
13.4
  Improvement in Profitability
Packaged Games Area Earnings Growth
Packaged Games Area Net Sales
Billions of yen 54.6 35.6
’13 ’19 (FY)
Entertainment Contents Business Profitability Improvement
Entertainment Contents Business Operating Income
    Billions of yen
4.2 0.0
14.8 11.1
9.8
  ’15
’16 ’17
’18 ’19 (FY)
Improvement in Profitability in Pachislot and
Pachinko Machines Business
Although net sales declined year on year, profitability improvement measures led to an increase in the operating income margin.
13.2%
’18 ’19 (FY)
    11.3%
  Long-Term Trends in Net Sales and Operating Income
Billions of yen
429.1
’09
331.6
13.0
   8.3
 Net sales 
Operating income
(FY)
’10 ’11
’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17
’18 ’19
68.7
         88 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
2.31
91’81’
3.11

 Comparing Fiscal Year 2018 and Fiscal Year 2019
(Fiscal Year 2019)
Net sales: ¥331.6 billion Operating income: ¥13.0 billion Operating income margin: 3.9% ROA*: 0.6%
 Billions of yen
390.0 331.6
6.9%
       Net sales 
Operating income  Operating income margin * ROA = Profit attributable to owners of parent ÷ Total assets
1Q
Through 2Q
Through 3Q
Full year
1Q Through 2Q
Full year
Fiscal Year 2020 (Plan)
Summary of Consolidated Financial Statements
Billions of yen
YoY Revenues from the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business decreased Change year on year mainly due to lower unit sales, which reflected the low approval
Fiscal Year 2018
3.9%
27.0 13.0
 Through 3Q
Fiscal Year 2019
Full year
    Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
2018
 Net sales
 Entertainment Contents Business  Resort Business
Cost of sales
Gross profit
 Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business
 Entertainment Contents Business  Resort Business
 Other and eliminations   Operating income margin Other income (expenses) Non-operating income
Ordinary income
Extraordinary income Extraordinary loss
Income before income taxes Total income taxes
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Cash dividends per share (Yen) Net income per share (Yen) Net assets per share (Yen)
+2%
+6% +6% +4% +0%
rates in prototype testing of No. 6 machine models that accompanied regulatory revision.
R&D expenses and content production expenses increased 7% due to the introduction of new digital game titles. Capital expenditures rose 42% as a result of expenses incurred due to relocation of the head office.
Operating Income (Losses)
323.6
 105.6
2019
331.6
101.4
–4%
Net Sales (Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business)
     208.0
219.6
Selling, General and Administrative (SG&A) Expenses
     9.9
10.5
    202.9
  120.7
211.1
  120.4
     Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses
Operating income (losses)
103.0
17.7
11.9
107.3
13.0
13.4
+4%
 –27%
Earnings decreased due to the recognition of an operating loss in the +13% Digital Games area as a result of recording a valuation loss on multiple
–34% titles. This operating loss outweighed the higher earnings of the Pachislot
— and Pachinko Machines Business, which reflected the success of profit-
— ability improvement measures, as well as the higher earnings of the
    14.8
9.8
    –2.5
–2.4
    –6.5
–7.8
    5.5%
3.9%
–1.6 pts. –34%
Packaged Games area, which enjoyed brisk repeat sales.
    3.2
2.1
+20% Change in Segment Operating Income (Losses) –49%
—
— –44% — –71% — — —
    6.4
7.7
    14.5
7.4
Billions of yen
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business +1.5
     0.9
8.2
    3.1
8.7
Resort Business +0.0
       12.4
6.9
       3.0
4.2
17.7
Entertainment Contents Business
–4.9
Other and eliminations –1.3
     8.9
2.6
13.0
    40
40
    38.10
11.27
 Fiscal Year 2018
Consolidated: –¥4.7 billion
Fiscal Year 2019
    1,313.90
1,289.32
    INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 89

 Financials
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Consolidated Financial Position
Long-Term Trends
In fiscal year 2011, total assets—which had been decreasing as a conse- quence of a reduction in the business scale of the amusement center operations area and a valuation loss on securities and sales of securi- ties—began trending upward due to an increase in goodwill accompany- ing acquisitions in the Entertainment Contents Business, the Group’s initiatives in preparation for participation in the IR business, and an increase in investment securities accompanying new investment in growth areas. In recent years, however, total assets have again been trending downward, reflecting a decrease in cash and deposits accompa- nying relocation of the head office, a decrease in securities, and the redemption of bonds. The equity ratio has remained consistently around 60% due to a policy of securing a certain level of internal reserves that enable investment in growth areas, the payment of stable cash dividends and ensuring financial soundness in consideration of future participation in the domestic IR business, even amid the earnings volatility stemming from the presence or absence of hit products, which is the nature of the Group’s businesses.
Comparing Fiscal Year 2018 and Fiscal Year 2019
  Total Assets and Equity Ratio
Billions of yen / %
423.9
’09 ’10
Total assets 
’11 ’12
Equity ratio
’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17
464.6
65%
’18 ’19
(FYE)
              Assets (Billions of yen)
2018 99.6 23.4 78.1
Liabilities and Net Assets (Billions of yen)
     310.4
  162.9
  –5.1
     –3.7
   305.3
  159.2
 272.3
          +5.3 –8.2 +5.9
473.4
464.6
Total current assets
–¥11.9 billion
• Declined due to a decrease in notes and accounts receiv- able–trade and short-term investment securities
• Decreased because lower cash and deposits and short-term investment securities offset an increase in notes and accounts receivable–trade and inventories
473.4
464.6
Total liabilities
–¥3.7 billion
Decreased due to lower bonds payable and short- term loans payable. Long- term loans payable of ¥40.3 billion, up ¥1.7 billion from the previous fiscal year-end
–11.9
          2019
+¥5.3 billion
• Rose due to an increase in the mark-to-market valuation of investment securities held and investment in capital
–¥8.2 billion
+¥5.9 billion
Total net assets
–¥5.1 billion
• Decrease in total sharehold- ers’ equity due to cash dividends paid; however, recognition of profit attribut- able to owners of parent
• Equity ratio approximately unchanged at 65.1%
104.8 15.
2 84.0
260.4
      Total investments and other assets
Total intangible assets
Total property, plant and equipment
      •
90 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

  Long-Term Trends
Consolidated Cash Flows
 Cash Flows
Billions of yen
’09 ’10 ’11
14.8
–7.2
–22.1
 Cash flows from operating activities 
Cash flows from investing activities  Free cash flows
’12 ’13
’14 ’15 ’16
’17 ’18 ’19
(FY)
With the exception of certain fiscal periods, the Group has continued to record net cash outflows in investing activities due to M&As in growth areas and strategic investments to raise production capacity. Since fiscal year 2011, the Group has been investing in organizational restruc- turing. These efforts included investments to make three listed subsid- iaries into wholly owned subsidiaries. In addition, the Group is investing actively in such growth areas as the IR business and the Digital Games area. Through a cash management system, the Group uses internal capital efficiently. Also, the Group uses a range of methods to support liquidity and meet investment needs flexibly, including borrowings and bond issuance.
Fiscal Year 2019 Cash Flows
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of fiscal year 2019 amounted to ¥148,064 million, down ¥28,501 million from the previous fiscal year-end.
 Consolidated Cash Flows
Billions of yen
176.5
Cash and cash equivalents 2018
Breakdown of Cash Flows
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
 Income before income taxes
 Depreciation and amortization
 Increase / decrease in notes and accounts receivable–trade (– = increase)
 Decrease in notes and accounts payable–trade (– = decrease)
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment
 Purchase of intangible assets
 Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
 Redemption of bonds
 Cash dividends paid
 Proceeds from long-term loans payable
Billions of yen +6.9
+18.8
-10.2 +3.0
-18.2 -10.2 +10.3
-10.0 -9.3 +14.9
      Net cash provided by operating activities +14.8
Net cash used
in investing activities –22.1
Net cash used
in financing activities –20.6
148.0
Cash and cash equivalents 2019
                Net cash provided by operating activities
+¥14.8 billion
Factors including income before income taxes of ¥6,981 million, depreciation and amortization of ¥18,819 million, and impair- ment loss of ¥8,334 million, despite increase in notes and accounts receivable– trade of ¥10,203 million and increase in inventories of ¥10,004 million, resulted in net cash provided by operating activities
of ¥14,876 million in the fiscal year under review (net cash provided by operating activities of ¥26,487 million in the previous fiscal year).
Net cash used in investing activities
–¥22.1 billion
Factors including purchase of property, plant and equipment of ¥18,235 million, which reflected relocation of the head office, and purchase of intangible assets
of ¥10,274 million, despite proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment of ¥10,342 million, resulted in net cash used in investing activities of ¥22,113 million in the fiscal year under review (net cash used in investing activities of ¥20,422 million in the previous fiscal year).
Net cash used in financing activities
–¥20.6 billion
Factors including repayment of long- term loans payable of ¥15,844 million, redemption of bonds of ¥10,000 million, and cash dividends paid of ¥9,379 million, despite proceeds from long-term loans payable of ¥14,971 million, resulted in net cash used in financing activities of ¥20,668 million in the fiscal year under review (net cash used in financing activities of ¥28,780 million in the previ- ous fiscal year).
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 91

 Financials
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Human Capital
Consolidated Employee Numbers
Non-Financial Assets
At the end of fiscal year 2019, the consolidated number of employees was 7,993, up 267 from the previous fiscal year-end. This rise was mainly due to an increase in development personnel in the domestic and overseas businesses of the Entertainment Contents Business. Corporate employees increased by 288 mainly due to a rise in seconded employees accompanying a lateral reorganization of the Group that focused on management functions.
 Consolidated Employee Numbers
People
6,856
6,236 6,000
7,472 7,888 7,606 7,639 7,7267,993 6,700 7,008
’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
            ’09
’10 ’11
(FYE)
 Employee Numbers by Segment
People
118 841
5,271
1,658
162 861
5,135
1,448
165 619
5,257
1,598
’17 ’18
170 595
5,349
1,612
458 640
5,328
1,567
(FYE)
      ’15
’16
’19
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business 
Entertainment Contents Business  Resort Business  Corporate
IP
R&D Expenses and Content Production Expenses
For the three-year period between fiscal year 2017 and fiscal year 2019, R&D and content production expenses were equivalent to more than 18% of net sales on average. In recent years in particular, we have proactively invested in expanding our lineup in the Digital Games area over the medium term. In fiscal year 2019, expenditures were ¥66.6 billion, a 7.4% increase compared to the previous fiscal year due to expenses arising from investment in new titles and valuation loss on work in process accompanying content production in the Digital Games area.
Reference
  Recognition of R&D Expenses and Content Production Expenses by Product and Service
The Group undertakes stable, long-term investment in R&D and content production with the aim of creating and strengthening IP— which are a source of the Group’s competitiveness—and generating earnings continuously. The method and timing of expense recognition differs based on development lead times and product lifecycles.
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business and casino machines of the Amusement Machine Sales area Expenses are recognized as they arise (process outsourcing expenses recognized when work is inspected).
Digital Games area
Expenses are recognized in intangible assets during development period, and the basic straight-line amortization period is 24 months from month of service commencement. (The amortization period differs depending on the title. Titles with long lifecycles can have amortization periods of more than 36 months.)
Amusement Machine Sales area
(excluding casino machines)
Expenses are recognized as work in process during development and as expenses linked to unit sales after launch.
Packaged Games area
Expenses are recognized as work in process during development and as expenses after launch. However, there are different methods of treating expenses after launch.
Expenses are recognized as expenses linked to unit sales.
For some titles, certain expenses are recognized as expenses linked
to unit sales, and the remaining expenses are amortized over a period of 21 months.
92 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

  Basic Data
Market Sizes and Number of Pachinko and Pachislot Players
Pachinko and pachislot machine market (Trillions of yen)  Other leisure market (Trillions of yen)  Pachinko and pachislot players (Millions of people) (CY) Source: White Paper on Leisure Industry 2019, Japan Productivity Center
Numbers of Pachinko Halls and Installed Pachinko and Pachislot Machines per Pachinko Hall
Number of pachinko halls (Halls)  Number of installed pachinko and pachislot machines per pachinko hall (Machines) (FY) Source: National Police Agency
Pachislot Machines: Number of Installed Machines, Unit Sales, and Annual Turnover
Number of installed pachislot machines (Thousands of machines)  Pachislot machine unit sales (Thousands of machines)  Pachislot machine annual turnover (Times) (FY) Sources: National Police Agency and Yano Research Institute Ltd. (Figures for fiscal year 2019 are company’s forecast)
Pachinko Machines: Number of Installed Machines, Unit Sales, and Annual Turnover
Number of installed pachinko machines (Thousands of machines)  Pachinko machine unit sales (Thousands of machines)  Pachinko machine annual turnover (Times) (FY) Sources: National Police Agency and Yano Research Institute Ltd. (Figures for fiscal year 2019 are company’s forecast)
 19.30 21.70
29.2 30.4
17.40 17.90 17.10 16.60 14.50 15.80 17.20 16.70 12.60 11.10 9.70 11.50 10.70 9.40 9.00 9.50
               53.4
54.0
52.2
51.8
51.5
51.8
32.3 33.9 34.8 33.6 30.1 28.8 28.2
20.4 19.5 20.7
51.8
51.2
48.7
49.0
46.5 47.4
25.9 25.4 25.6 25.0 24.5 23.2
46.7
48.5
49.2
49.3
50.4
51.2
 ’01 ’02 ’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18
 318.2 323.1
336.5 337.9
349.8 356.2 365.0 371.9 378.0 387.8 395.4 405.0 411.9 418.7 427.7
               15,617
’0’044
15,165
’0’055
14,674
’0’066
13,585
’0’07
12,937
’0’08
12,652
’0’09
12,479
’’10
12,323
’’11
12,149
’’12
11,893
’’13
11,627
’’14
11,310
’’15
10,986
’16
10,596
’17
10,060
’18
   0.89
1,887 1,672
0.82 1.07 0.63 1,9361,786 2,003
0.92
0.57
1,347 766
0.70 0.85
1,390 1,474 1,259
979
0.86
1,549
0.87
1,602 1,392
0.75 0.58
0.52
1,691 1,687
887
0.36
0.27 0.35
 1,647 1,635 1,744
1,643
1,661 968
1,665
1,610
         1,448 913
1,326
1,233
              604
’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18(’1推8計)’19’1(9F(o予rec想a)st)
452
560
   1.30 4,013
3,077
1.37 4,047
2,960
1.31
1.07 1.09 1.06 0.92
0.84 0.82 2,9543,173 3,0763,339 3,1583,332 3,1632,9003,107 3,042
3,837
0.69 0.68 3,009 2,954
0.65 2,918
     2,932
0.54 0.51 0.52 0.50
        2,603
2,494
2,833 2,749 2,637
2,610
            2’0044 2’0055 2’0066 2’0077 2’0088 2’0099 2’01100 2’0111 2’01122 2’01133 2’01144 2’01155 2’01166 2’01177 2018(’18推計)’1290(1F9(ore予c想as)t)
2,065
2,019
1,886
1,542
1,408 1,376
1,300
  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 93

 Financials
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Results of Pachislot Machine Prototype Testing
 48.2% 41.3% 46.0% 41.1% 55.8% 40.9% 51.2% 54.0% 33.3%
52
69.6%
35.4%
26.3% 12.1% 11.9% 23.8% 21.8% 23.3% 21.9% 12.9% 16.3% 23.1% 15.2% 24.1% 22.4% 27.4% 22.5%
87 86
92
65 66
   73 56 63 63
79 76 73 71 17 10 4 5 10 19 20 14 9 15 15 10 19 17 20 16
69
27 26 29 30 29 27 22 27 23 32 33
70
 66
64
      43 50
46 48 38
42 42
 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 2018 2019 2020
Pachislot machine prototypes issued  Number of pachislot machines approved 
Source: Security Communications Association
Results of Pachinko Machine Prototype Testing
Pachislot machine approval rate (FY)
 43.1% 30.8% 45.2% 48.3%
37.0%
44.4% 47.1% 41.4% 40.6% 50.0% 50.0%
70 69 6473
46.8% 28.4% 29.2% 41.7%
54.7% 53.7%
51.0% 68.3% 65.7%
53.4% 54.7%
56.8%
50.0% 51.4% 50.6%
 78
88 96
77 84 84 85
    73
63
43 35 36
74 72
35 42 42 37 43
       58
25 24 33 28 29 29 20 25
58 53
 58 53 54 54 49
46 39 33 24 28 23 32
  23
16
29
36
25 28
 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 2018 2019 2020
Pachinko machine prototypes issued  Number of pachinko machines approved  Source: Security Communications Association
Pachinko machine approval rate (FY)
Domestic Amusement Machine Sales and Revenues from Amusement Center Operations
Domestic Market for Online Game Content
 Billions of yen
,672.3
631.4
583.3
649.1
619.4
590.7
638.8
       487.5
184.8
’11
470.0
456.4
422.2
433.8
462.0
485.9
 179.1 175.0
161.1 156.9
157.4 152.9
 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17
  Billions of yen
528.5
385.6
19.2
89.5 86.1 34.2 37.5
1,495.0 1,422.4
1,250.0 1,300.0 1,166.0
1,058.0
69.3 35.3 39.2 44.5 54.7
  1,324.3 1,182.0
  823.9 735.8
1,038.6 1,083.1
    606.9
5.3
715.4
1.9
928.3
71.3 71.1 69.6
70.1 73.5 75.0 88.2 98.9 120.0
969.0
 ’12 ’13 ’14 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’’18 ’’19 ’’20 ((Fo予rec測as)t) ((Fo予rec測as)t)
Amusement machine sales  Revenues from amusement center operations
Source: Japan Amusement Industry Association
(FY)
Home video game consoles  PCs  Feature phones  (FY)
Game apps (Smart devices + SNS)
Source: f-ism
94 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

 Financials
Company Profile / Stock Information
Company Profile
Company name Address
URL
Established Capital
Principal business
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC.
Sumitomo Fudosan Osaki Garden Tower, 1-1-1 Nishi-Shinagawa, Shinagawa-ku, https://www.segasammy.co.jp/english/
October 1, 2004
¥29,953 million (As of March 31, 2019)
Management of SEGA SAMMY Group as the holding company
Tokyo 141-0033, Japan
            Stock Information (As of March 31, 2019)
Number of shares authorized for issue Total shares issued and outstanding Number of shareholders
800,000,000 266,229,476 77,599
      Major Shareholders (As of March 31, 2019)
HS Company
FSC Co., Ltd.
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account) Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account) Hajime Satomi
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385632
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY 505001 Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account 5) ORBIS SICAV
Haruki Satomi
35,308 13,562 11,474 10,244 7,796 6,987 6,097 3,891 3,744 3,229 102,337
Treasury stock
11.83%
15.04 5.77 4.88 4.36 3.32 2.97 2.59 1.65 1.59 1.37 43.59
 Name of shareholder
 Shares held (Thousands)
 Shares ratio excluding Company’s treasury stock (%)
                               Total
   Breakdown of Shareholders
Treasury stock
Financial institutions
14.96%
Financial institutions
16.86%
Securities companies
1.18%
Other companies
20.92%
11.96%
Japanese individuals and other
22.05%
As of March 31, 2018
Securities companies
1.83%
Other companies
21.13%
As of March 31, 2019
  Foreign institutions and individuals
28.07%
Japanese individuals and other
20.96%
Foreign institutions and individuals
28.25%
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 95

Financials
Consolidated Financial Statements
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC. and Consolidated Subsidiaries As of March 31, 2018 and 2019
Assets
Current assets
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable–trade (Note 5 (5)) Short-term investment securities
Merchandise and finished goods
Work in process
Raw materials and supplies
Income taxes receivable
Other
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total current assets
Noncurrent assets
Property, plant and equipment Buildings and structures
Accumulated depreciation
Buildings and structures, net Machinery, equipment and vehicles
Accumulated depreciation
Machinery, equipment and vehicles, net Amusement machines and facilities
Accumulated depreciation
Amusement machines and facilities, net Land (Note 5 (3))
Construction in progress
Other
Accumulated depreciation
Other, net
Total property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets Goodwill
Other
Total intangible assets Investments and other assets
Investment securities (Notes 5 (1) and (2)) Long-term loans receivable
Lease and guarantee deposits
Net defined benefit assets
Deferred tax assets
Other
Allowance for doubtful accounts Total investments and other assets
Total noncurrent assets
Total assets
See accompanying notes.
2018
¥157,896 29,339 24,694 8,036 18,347 14,190 4,454 15,630
(259) 272,331
93,528 (59,701) 33,826 13,469
(9,855) 3,613 43,635
(34,354) 9,280 23,741 1,603 48,887
(42,807) 6,079 78,145
8,541 14,942 23,483
70,216 1,549 12,180 1,908 6,392 7,707
(449) 99,506 201,136 ¥473,467
Millions of yen
2019
¥137,425 39,209 14,500 9,800 25,028 15,192 4,539 15,026
(259) 260,462
89,166 (50,775) 38,391 12,845 (10,384)
2,460 43,826 (32,111)
11,715 21,352 1,483 49,641
(41,027) 8,614 84,017
6,448
8,848 15,297
73,478 1,014 13,843 2,570 4,098 10,308
(438) 104,876 204,191 ¥464,654
                                                                                                                                         96
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

     Liabilities
Current liabilities
Notes and accounts payable–trade (Note 5 (5)) Short-term loans payable
Current portion of bonds
Income taxes payable
Accrued expenses
Provision for bonuses
Provision for directors’ bonuses Provision for point card certificates Asset retirement obligations
Other
Total current liabilities
Noncurrent liabilities
Bonds payable
Long-term loans payable
Net defined benefit liability
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation Asset retirement obligations
Provision for dismantling of fixed assets Other
Total noncurrent liabilities
Total liabilities
Net assets
Shareholders’ equity
Capital stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Revaluation reserve for land (Note 5 (2))
Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Subscription rights to shares Non-controlling interests Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
See accompanying notes.
2018
¥ 21,716 15,838 10,000 1,482 13,011 5,872 608 18 1,734 14,169 84,452
22,500 38,661 3,572 1,846 640 2,234 420 8,682 78,558 163,010
29,953 117,345 207,174
(54,781) 299,691
10,528 17 340
(2,147) (479)
8,259 819 1,685 310,456 ¥473,467
Millions of yen
2019
¥24,758 13,352 12,500
2,631 15,551 5,537 476 31 562 12,140 87,542
10,000 40,334 4,019 2,110 — 4,334 420 10,556 71,774 159,316
29,953 117,142 201,889
(54,168) 294,816
14,354 —
(1,109) (4,888) (524)
7,832 912 1,776 305,337 ¥464,654
                                                                                                                                 INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 97

Financials
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
Net sales
Cost of sales (Notes 6 (1) and (2)) Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income
Other income (expenses)
Interest income
Dividends income
Gain on investments in partnership
Gain on valuation of compound financial instruments Interest expenses
Equity in losses of affiliates
Commission fee
Loss on investments in partnership
Foreign exchange losses
Loss on retirement of noncurrent assets
Settlement package
Rent expenses
Gain on sales of noncurrent assets (Note 6 (3))
Gain on sales of investment securities
Gain on liquidation of subsidiaries and affiliates
Gain on reversal of provision for dismantling of fixed assets Gain on reversal of restructuring loss
Loss on sales of noncurrent assets (Note 6 (4)) Impairment loss (Note 6 (5))
Loss on valuation of investment securities
Early extra retirement payments
Other, net
Millions of yen 2018 2019 ¥323,664 ¥331,648 202,930 211,199 120,734 120,449 103,013 107,369 17,720 13,079
361 265 952 468 888 495
52 15 (712) (532) (4,368) (3,859) (86) (179) (77) (700) (49) (2) (619) (132) (7) (631) — (996)
64 5,225 532 1,701 — 1,220 233 — 124 64
(220) (47) (2,474) (8,334)
(142) — (22) (175)
265 35
                                                                                         Subtotal (5,306)
(Breakdown)
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests Other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Share of other comprehensive income of entities accounted for using equity method Total other comprehensive income (Notes 7 (6))
Comprehensive income (Breakdown)
Comprehensive income attributable to owners of parent
Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests See accompanying notes.
(6,098) 6,981 3,599
658 4,257 2,724
2,642 81
3,816 0
(1,052) (46) (1,695)
1,022 3,746
3,664 ¥     81
   12,413 2,541 503 3,045 Profit 9,368
Income before income taxes Income taxes–current Income taxes–deferred Total income taxes
                  8,930 437
(500) (0)
189 (1,039)
2,191 841 10,209
9,771 ¥   438
                                       98
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

Financials
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
Balance as of April 1, 2017
Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Effect of changes in accounting period of  consolidated subsidiaries
Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during the period
Balance as of March 31, 2018
Balance as of April 1, 2017
Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Effect of changes in accounting period of  consolidated subsidiaries
Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during the period
Balance as of March 31, 2018
Balance as of April 1, 2017
Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Effect of changes in accounting period of  consolidated subsidiaries
Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during the period
Balance as of March 31, 2018
See accompanying notes.
Capital stock
¥29,953
Capital surplus
¥117,521
(0)
(175)
(175)
¥117,345
Shareholders’ equity
Retained earnings
¥207,639
(9,375)
8,930
(20)
(465)
¥207,174
Treasury stock
¥(54,769)
(13)
0
(12)
¥(54,781)
Millions of yen
Total shareholders’ equity
¥300,345
(9,375)
8,930
(20)
(13)
0
(175)
—
(654)
¥299,691
Millions of yen
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
¥7,419
840
840
¥8,259
              —
¥29,953
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
¥11,041
(512)
(512)
¥10,528
Subscription rights to shares
¥303
515
515
¥819
Accumulated other comprehensive income
     Deferred gains or losses on hedges
¥(71)
89
89
¥ 17
Non-controlling interests
¥ 3,428
(1,742)
(1,742)
¥ 1,685
Revaluation reserve for land
¥340
—
—
¥340
Millions of yen
Total net assets
¥311,497
(9,375)
8,930
(20)
(13)
0
(175)
—
(386)
(1,040)
¥310,456
Foreign currency translation adjustment
¥(4,479)
2,331
2,331
¥(2,147)
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
¥  588
(1,067)
(1,067)
¥ (479)
                           INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 99

Financials
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
Balance as of April 1, 2018
Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Effect of changes in accounting period of  consolidated subsidiaries
Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during the period
Balance as of March 31, 2019
Balance as of April 1, 2018
Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Effect of changes in accounting period of  consolidated subsidiaries
Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during the period
Balance as of March 31, 2019
Balance as of April 1, 2018
Changes of items during the period
Dividends from surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Effect of changes in accounting period of  consolidated subsidiaries
Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Purchase of shares of consolidated subsidiaries
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during the period
Balance as of March 31, 2019
See accompanying notes.
Capital stock
¥29,953
Capital surplus
¥117,345
(18)
(184)
(203)
¥117,142
Shareholders’ equity
Retained earnings
¥207,174
(9,377)
2,642
1,450
(5,284)
¥201,889
Treasury stock
¥(54,781)
(11)
624
613
¥(54,168)
Millions of yen
Total shareholders’ equity
¥299,691
(9,377)
2,642
—
(11)
605
(184)
1,450
(4,874)
¥294,816
Millions of yen
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
¥8,259
(427)
(427)
¥7,832
              —
¥29,953
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
¥10,528
3,826
3,826
¥14,354
Subscription rights to shares
¥819
93
93
¥912
Accumulated other comprehensive income
     Deferred gains or losses on hedges
¥ 17
(17)
(17)
¥  —
Non-controlling interests
¥1,685
90
90
¥1,776
Revaluation reserve for land
¥  340
(1,450)
(1,450)
¥(1,109)
Millions of yen
Total net assets
¥310,456
(9,377)
2,642
—
(11)
605
(184)
1,450
(244)
(5,119)
¥305,337
Foreign currency translation adjustment
¥(2,147)
(2,741)
(2,741)
¥(4,888)
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
¥(479)
(45)
(45)
¥(524)
                           100 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

Financials
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:
Income (loss) before income taxes
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment loss
Amount of transfer of equipment by amusement center operations business Loss (gain) on sales of noncurrent assets
Loss on retirement of noncurrent assets
Loss (gain) on liquidation of subsidiaries and affiliates
Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities
Loss (gain) on valuation of investment securities
Loss (gain) on investments in partnership
Amortization of goodwill
Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts Increase (decrease) in provision for directors’ bonuses Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit liability
Increase (decrease) in provision for bonuses
Increase (decrease) in provision for dismantling of fixed assets Interest and dividends income
Interest expenses
Foreign exchange losses (gains)
Equity in (earnings) losses of affiliates
Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable–trade Decrease (increase) in inventories
Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable–trade Increase (decrease) in guarantee deposits received
Other, net
Subtotal
Interest and dividends income received
Interest expenses paid
Income taxes paid
Income taxes refund
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
See accompanying notes.
2018
¥ 12,413 19,180 2,474
(2,757) 156 619 0
(531) 142 (810)
2,169 (57)
9 (857) (27) (233) (1,313)
712 69 4,368 15,179 6,953
(23,760) 407
(1,841) 32,665 1,308
(726) (7,901)
1,140 ¥ 26,487
Millions of yen
2019
¥  6,981 18,819 8,334
(4,585) (5,177)
132 (1,219) (1,562)
— 204 2,064
(16) (130)
791 (352)
— (734)
532
212 3,859
(10,203) (10,004)
3,021 (674)
6,975 17,268 757
(544) (5,250)
2,646 ¥ 14,876
                                                                                                     INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 101

Financials
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities:
Payments into time deposits
Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits
Purchase of short-term investment securities
Proceeds from redemption of securities
Purchase of trust beneficiary right
Proceeds from sales of trust beneficiary right
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment
Purchase of intangible assets
Proceeds from sales of intangible assets
Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of investment securities
Proceeds from redemption of investment securities
Payments for investment in partnerships
Proceeds from distribution of investment in partnerships
Purchase of investments in subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation (Note 8 (2)) Purchase of stocks of subsidiaries and affiliates
Payments of loans receivable
Collection of loans receivable
Reduction of investments in trusts
Payments for lease deposits
Collection of lease deposits
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities:
Net increase (decrease) in short-term loans payable Proceeds from long-term loans payable
Repayment of long-term loans payable
Redemption of bonds
Purchase of treasury stock
Purchase of treasury stock of subsidiaries Proceeds from exercise of stock options
Cash dividends paid
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Increase in cash and cash equivalents from newly consolidated subsidiaries
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents resulting from change in accounting period  of consolidated subsidiaries
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period (Note 8 (1))
See accompanying notes.
2018
¥    (36) 2,711
(3,000) 3,000 (1,360) 1,058
(10,942) 9,564 (10,529)
— (744)
2,166 1,500 (2,161) 1,105
— (6,206) (1,587)
528
200 (5,192)
763 (1,259) (20,422)
(0) 10,000
(6,354) (19,500) (13) (2,201)
— (9,380)
— (1,329) (28,780)
72 (22,642)
199,208 25
(25) ¥176,566
Millions of yen
2019
¥    (36) 11
(3,000) 3,000 (2,697) 2,453
(18,235) 10,342 (10,274)
36 (849)
6,017 700
(2,082) 909
(32) (5,282) (559)
409
400 (2,554)
3,494 (4,284) (22,113)
— 14,971
(15,844) (10,000) (11)
— 512
(9,379) (7) (909) (20,668) (595) (28,501)
176,566 —
— ¥148,064
                                                                                                                                      102 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

Financials
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
 Basis of Presenting Consolidated Financial Statements
1
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC. (the “Company”) and its consolidated subsidiaries have been prepared in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan and its related accounting regulations, and in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan (“Japanese GAAP”), which are different in certain respects as to application and disclosure requirements from International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”).
The accounts of the Company’s overseas subsidiaries are based on their accounting records maintained in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles prevailing in the respective countries of domicile. However, necessary adjustments are made upon consolida- tion for 2018 and 2019. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been restructured and translated into English (with certain expanded disclosure) from the consolidated financial
statements of the Company prepared in accordance with Japanese GAAP and filed with the appropriate Local Finance Bureau of the Ministry of Finance as required by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Certain supplementary information included in the statutory Japanese-language consolidated financial statements is not presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Each amount of the accompanying consolidated financial statements is rounded down to the nearest one million yen.
In preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements, certain reclassifications have been made in order to present them in a form which is more familiar to readers outside Japan. Certain reclas- sifications have been made to the 2018 consolidated financial state- ments to conform to the classifications used in 2019. These changes had no impact on previously reported results of operations or share- holders’ equity.
2
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
1. Scope of consolidation
(1) Number of consolidated subsidiaries: 74
From the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the followings have been excluded from the scope of consolidation; SEGA SAMMY BUSAN INC,and one other company, because of their completion of liquidation.
(2) Number of non-consolidated subsidiaries: 17
Non-consolidated subsidiaries are excluded from the scope of consoli- dation because the combined amount of each of assets, net sales and net income corresponding to the percentage of equity interest held by the Company, and the combined amount of retained earnings corre- sponding to the percentage of equity interest held by the Company, do not have significant effect on the consolidated financial statements.
2. Application of the equity method
(1) Number of non-consolidated subsidiaries accounted for under the equity method: 6
(2) Number of affiliated companies accounted for under the equity method: 12
(3) Number of non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated compa- nies which are not accounted for under the equity method: 12
Some of the Company’s non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates are not accounted for under the equity method because the combined amount of net income corresponding to the percentage of equity interest held by the Company, and the combined amount of retained earnings corresponding to the percentage of equity interest held by the Company do not have significant effect on the consolidated financial statements even if they are excluded from the scope of equity method, and have no significance as a whole.
3. Accounting policies
(1) Valuation and accounting treatment for important assets
1) Held-to-maturity debt securities
Held-to-maturity debt securities are stated at amortized cost method (the straight-line method)
2) Available-for-sale securities
Securities with fair market value:
Securities with fair market value are stated at fair market value. The difference between acquisition cost and market value is accounted for as valuation difference on available-for-sale securities in net assets, with cost of sales determined by the moving-average method.
With respect to compound financial instruments whose fair values cannot be categorized and measured for each embedded derivative, the entire compound financial instruments are appraised by fair value, and unrealized gains or losses are reported as income or expenses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
Securities without quoted market prices:
Securities without quoted market prices are carried at cost, which is determined by the moving-average method.
The net amount of equity included in the Company’s financial state- ments from limited liability investment partnerships and similar invest- ments, regarded as marketable securities under Article 2-2 of the Financial Investment and Exchange Law of Japan, is calculated based on the relevant financial statements for the partnership available as of the reporting date stipulated in the partnership agreement.
3) Derivatives
Derivatives are stated at fair market value.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 103

Financials
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
4) Inventories
Inventories are stated at cost, cost being determined mainly by the gross-average method (or at the net realizable value (NRV) calculated by writing down the book value to reflect a decrease in the NRV).
Work in process is also stated at cost, cost being determined by the specific identification method (or at the NRV calculated by writing down the book value to reflect a decrease in the NRV).
(2) Depreciation and amortization for important assets
1) Property, plant and equipment (excluding lease assets)
Depreciation is calculated primarily using the straight-line method. Range of useful life for the assets is as follows:
Buildings and structures: 2–50 years
Machinery, equipment and vehicles: 2–16 years
Amusement machines and facilities: 2–5 years
2) Intangible assets (excluding lease assets)
Amortization is calculated using the straight-line method. The software used in the Company is amortized by the straight-line method based on the useful lives within the Company (less than 5 years).
3) Lease assets
Finance leases which transfer ownership:
Depreciation method for such assets is the same as that which applies to property, plant and equipment owned by the Company.
Finance leases which do not transfer ownership:
Depreciated by using the straight-line method assuming the useful life equals to the lease period with a residual value of zero.
(3) Accounting for deferred assets
Bond issue cost: All expenses are expensed when incurred.
(4) Accounting for allowances and provisions
1) Allowance for doubtful accounts
Allowance for doubtful accounts is provided in the amount sufficient to cover possible losses based on a historical write-off of general receivables.
Receivables with default possibility and bankrupt receivables are calcu- lated based on an individual assessment of the possibility of collection.
2) Provision for bonuses
The estimated amount of bonuses was recorded to meet the payment of employee bonuses, an amount corresponding to the current fiscal year. 3) Provision for directors’ bonuses
The estimated amount of bonuses was recorded to meet the payment of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members bonuses, an amount corresponding to the current fiscal year.
4) Provision for point card certificates
In order to provide for the usage of points granted to customers under the point system, the estimated future usage amount for the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 has been recorded.
5) Provision for dismantling of fixed assets
To provide for expenses for dismantling unused decrepit buildings, estimated future expenses are recorded.
(5) Accounting method for retirement benefits
1) Attribution method for projected retirement benefits:
In calculating retirement benefits obligations, benefit-formula attribution is adopted for the purpose of attributing projected retirement benefits to the period up to the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
2) Treatment of actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs: Prior service costs are amortized equally over a certain number of years (10 years in principle) within the average remaining years of service for the employees at the time of accrual, or are charged to income collec- tively at the time of accrual. Actuarial gains and losses are amortized by the straight-line method over a certain number of years (10 years in principle) within average remaining years of service for the employees at the time of accrual in each fiscal year, commencing from the following fiscal year after the accrual for each employee, or are charged to income collectively in the following fiscal year after the accrual.
(6) Accounting for significant hedge
1) Hedge accounting
The Group adopts deferred hedge accounting. However, special treat- ment is used for qualifying interest rate swap transactions.
Moreover, allocation hedge accounting is applied to qualifying currency swap transactions and forward exchange contracts.
2) Hedging instruments and hedged items
Hedging instrument: Currency swaps, interest rate swaps, and forward exchange contracts
Hedged item: Interest on loans payable, receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies
3) Hedge policy
Derivative instruments are used to mitigate risks associated with foreign exchange and interest rate fluctuations.
As a rule, hedging is only used for items in which actual demand exists, and not for speculative purposes.
4) Evaluation of hedge effectiveness
Hedge effectiveness is evaluated through comparative analysis of the cumulative fluctuations in the market between the hedged item and the hedging instrument. Evaluation of hedge effectiveness at fiscal year-end is omitted for currency swap transactions, as material conditions for the notional principal of hedging instruments and those for hedged items are the same and these transactions are deemed to offset the market fluctuations.
Evaluation of hedge effectiveness at fiscal year-end is omitted also for interest rate swap transactions applied to special treatment.
(7) Amortization method and period of goodwill
If the duration of the effect of goodwill can be rationally estimated, amortization is made over the estimated number of years by the straight-line method. In other cases, amortization is made over a five- year-period by the straight-line method.
(8) Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statements of cash flows
In preparing the consolidated statements of cash flows, cash on hand, readily available deposits and short-term highly liquid investments with maturities not exceeding three months at the time of purchase are considered to be cash and cash equivalents.
104 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

(9) Accounting method for consumption taxes
Consumption taxes and local consumption taxes are accounted using the net-of-tax method, and non-deductible consumption taxes and local consumption taxes on assets are posted mainly as expenses when incurred.
(10) Application of the Consolidated Taxation System
The Company and certain domestic consolidated subsidiaries applied the Consolidated Taxation System.
3
 Unapplied New Accounting Standards
The Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries
- “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29, issued by the Accounting Standards Board of Japan on March 30, 2018)
- “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Guidance No. 30, issued by the Accounting Standards Board of Japan on March 30, 2018)
(1) Overview
The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and US Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) jointly developed comprehensive revenue recognition standards and issued “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” in May 2014 (IASB’s IFRS 15 and FASB’s Topic 606). Considering that IFRS 15 shall apply to fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, and Topic 606 shall apply to fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, the ASBJ developed a comprehensive accounting standard on revenue recognition and thus issued the accounting standard together with the implementation guidance.
The ASBJ established the accounting standard on revenue recogni- tion by following the basic policies in developing it. The basic policies were: firstly, incorporating the core principle of IFRS 15 as the starting point from the perspective of facilitating comparability among financial statements, which is one of the benefits of ensuring consistency with IFRS 15; secondly, adding alternative treatments, but to the extent not impairing comparability, where consideration should be given to the
practice having been used in Japan.
(2) Scheduled date of application
These ASBJ statement and guidance will be applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
(3) Effects of application of the accounting standards
The effects of the application are under assessment at the time of preparing these consolidated financial statements.
Foreign consolidated subsidiaries
- “Leases” (IFRS 16)
- “Leases” (U.S. GAAP ASU 2016-02)
(1) Overview
These accounting standards were revised with a focus on the recogni- tion of assets and liabilities of all of the lessee’s leases in principle.
(2) Scheduled date of application
IFRS 16 will be applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020 and U.S. GAAP ASU 2016-02 will be applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021.
(3) Effects of application of the accounting standards
Applying IFRS16 for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, the begin- ning balance for assets and liabilities are increased ¥2,552 million, ¥2,550 million respectively. Also the beginning balance for retained earnings are ¥147 million decreased. In regard to ASU 2016-02 (Topic 842), the effects of the applying are under evaluation.
“current liabilities” decreased by ¥32 million and “deferred tax liabilities” of “noncurrent liabilities” decreased by ¥6 million.
Deferred tax assets of the same taxable entity are offset against deferred tax liabilities, and total assets decreased by ¥38 million compared to before the change.
Furthermore, in the notes to “Tax effect accounting”, contents described in the “Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting” explanatory note (Note 8) (excluding the total amount of valuation allowance) and explanatory note (Note 9) set out in paragraphs 3 through 5 of the Partial Amendments to Tax Effect Accounting Standard have been added; provided, however, details related to the previous fiscal year among said contents are not described in accordance with the transitional treatment as presented in paragraph 7 of the Partial Amendments to Tax Effect Accounting Standard.
4
 Changes in Presentation
(Changes in line with the application of the “Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting”)
The Company has applied the “Partial Amendments to the Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting” (ASBJ Statement No. 28, February 16, 2018. Hereinafter referred to as the “Partial Amendments to the Tax Effect Accounting Standard.”) effective from the beginning of the current fiscal year. Accordingly, notes related to tax effect accounting were changed, and the Company changed the presentation to the method where deferred tax assets were presented under “Investments and other assets” and deferred tax liabilities were presented under “Noncurrent liabilities.”
As a result, in the consolidated balance sheets of the previous fiscal year, “deferred tax assets” of “current assets” decreased by ¥5,018 million and “deferred tax assets” of “investments and other assets” increased by ¥4,980 million. In addition, “deferred tax liabilities” of
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 105

Financials
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Notes to Consolidated Balance Sheets
(1) Assets pledged
Shares of subsidiaries and affiliates Total
5
   2018
¥25,973 25,973
Millions of yen
2019
¥25,604
25,604
        Note: For loans from financial institutions to the equity-method affiliate PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd. as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, ¥69,020 million (KRW700,000 million) and ¥73,920 million (KRW700,000 million), respectively,
the shares of this company were provided as a pledge.
(2) Investment securities to non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies
Investment securities (shares)
Investment securities (capital contributions)
(3) Revaluation reserve for land
Consolidated subsidiary SEGA Holdings Co., Ltd. has revalued land for commercial use, pursuant to Japan’s Law Concerning Revaluation of Land (Law No. 34, March 31, 1998) and Amendments to the Law Concerning Revaluation of Land (Law No. 19, March 31, 2001).
Accordingly, SEGA Holdings Co., Ltd. has recorded an item for the revaluation reserve for land under net assets.
(4) Overdraft agreements and commitment line agreements
The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries have overdraft agreements ment of working capital.
2018
¥27,946 1,601
Millions of yen
2019
¥27,669 1,073
               and commitment line agreements with banks for the effective procure- The balance of unexecuted loans, etc., based on these agreements as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 are as follows:
     Total amount of overdraft limit and commitment line agreements Executed loans balance
Unexecuted balance
(5) Accounting treatment of notes expiring on the end of fiscal year
Millions of yen
2018 2019
¥130,400 ¥140,900 — — 130,400 140,900
Revaluation method
SEGA Holdings Co., Ltd. computed the value of land based on the methodology regarding rational adjustments to valuation of fixed assets stipulated in Article 2-3, and appraisals by licensed real estate appraisers prescribed in Article 2-5 of the Enforcement Ordinance No. 119 (March 31, 1998) pertaining to the Law Concerning Revaluation of Land.
Date of revaluation: March 31, 2002.
Difference between the fair value at the end of the fiscal year and the book value after revaluation of revalued land: ¥(425) million
         Notes matured at the end of the current fiscal year were settled as of the note exchange date.
Because the end of the current fiscal year was a holiday, the following notes that matured on March 31, 2019 were included in the balance as of March 31, 2019:
     Notes receivable–trade Notes payable–trade
Millions of yen 2018 2019 ¥749 ¥1,693 341 429
      106 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

 Notes to Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income
(1) The book value devaluation of inventories held for normal sales purpose based on decline in profitability
Cost of sales
6
Millions of yen 2018 2019 ¥5,860 ¥5,131
         (2) Research and development expenses included in selling, general and administrative expenses and manufacturing cost
         (3) Gain on sales of noncurrent assets
Buildings and structures
Machinery, equipment and vehicles Land
Other property, plant and equipment Total
Millions of yen 2018 2019 ¥43,525 ¥46,782
Millions of yen 2018 2019
¥(2,597) 52
7,769
0
5,225
       ¥31
 0
 27
 4
 64
                 Note: Loss on sale of buildings and structures and Gain on sale of land arising from sale of the same property in the current fiscal year were offset and presented as a gain on sales of noncurrent assets in the consolidated statement of income.
(4) Loss on sales of noncurrent assets
Buildings and structures
Machinery, equipment and vehicles Amusement machines and facilities Land
Other property, plant and equipment Total
Millions of yen 2018 2019 ¥ 7 0 — 3 36 47
       ¥  —
 0
 220
 —
 —
 220
                    INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 107

Financials
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(5) Impairment loss
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 Use
Amusement facilities
Assets for business
Unutilized assets
Other
Location
Nagoya-shi, Aichi and 2 other locations
Shinagawa-ward, Tokyo and 15 other locations
Nanyo-shi, Yamagata
The United States of America and 1 other location
Millions of yen
Type Amount
Buildings and structures ¥  155
Other property, plant and equipment, etc. 19
Buildings and structures 448
Machinery, equipment and vehicles 155
Amusement machines and facilities 98
Other property, plant and equipment 556
Other intangible assets 335
Construction in progress 69
           Land
Goodwill
11
620
2,474
Recoverable values for amusement facilities and unutilized assets are calculated as memorandum values mainly because future cash flows are not expected. Recoverable values of assets for business and goodwill are primarily measured based on values in use with a principal discount rate of 8.9%. However, assets groups which are expected to generate no future cash flow are calculated as memorandum values.
Millions of yen
Type Amount
Buildings and structures ¥   46
Amusement machines and facilities 45
Other property, plant and equipment, etc. 26
Buildings and structures 603
Amusement machines and facilities 145
Other property, plant and equipment 655
Other intangible assets 6,810
  For each business segment, the Company classifies assets or asset groups based on whether their cash flows can be estimated indepen- dently. The book values of assets or asset groups whose market values declined significantly or that are projected to consistently generate negative cash flows are reduced to their recoverable value. The amount of this reduction is deemed an impairment loss and is recorded under “Other expenses” in the consolidated financial statements.
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
Use
Amusement facilities
Assets for business
Location
Zama-shi, Kanagawa and 2 other locations
Shinagawa -ward, Tokyo and 9 other locations
Total
           Total
8,334
of this reduction is deemed an impairment loss and is recorded under “Other expenses” in the consolidated financial statements.
Recoverable values are calculated based on memorandum values, as no future cash flows are expected.
 For each business segment, the Company classifies assets or asset groups based on whether their cash flows can be estimated indepen- dently. The book values of assets or asset groups whose market values declined significantly or that are projected to consistently generate negative cash flows are reduced to their recoverable value. The amount
108 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

(6) Reclassification adjustments and the related tax effects concerning other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities: The amount arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before adjustments to tax effects
The amount of tax effects
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
Deferred gains or losses on hedges: The amount arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before adjustments to tax effects The amount of tax effects
Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustment: The amount arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before adjustments to tax effects
The amount of tax effects
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax: The amount arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before adjustments to tax effects
The amount of tax effects
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Share of other comprehensive income of entities accounted for using equity method: The amount arising during the period
Reclassification adjustments
Share of other comprehensive income of entities accounted for using equity method: Total other comprehensive income
Millions of yen 2018 2019
¥  (624) ¥ 7,123 (183) (1,561) (807) 5,561
307 (1,745) (500) 3,816
2 12 (3) (12) (0) 0 — — (0) 0
491 (129) — (1,224) 491 (1,353)
(301) 301 189 (1,052)
(797) (762)
(379) 532 (1,176) (229)
137 182 (1,039) (46)
2,191 (1,695) — —
2,191 (1,695) ¥   841 ¥ 1,022
                                                                                            INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 109

Financials
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Notes to Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
7
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
1. Number of outstanding common stock
Type of stock
Common stock
2. Number of outstanding treasury stock
Type of stock
Common stock
(Summary of the change)
Increase
Increase due to purchase of odd-lot stock
3. Subscription rights to shares
As of April 1, 2017 Increase
266,229,476 —
As of April 1, 2017 Increase
31,841,869 9,029
Shares
Decrease As of March 31, 2018
— 266,229,476
Shares
Decrease As of March 31, 2018
394 31,850,504
394 shares
      Company name
The Company
Total
4. Dividends
(1) Dividends
Resolution
Board of Directors’ meeting held on May 12, 2017
Board of Directors’ meeting held on November 2, 2017
As of April 1, Type of stock 2017
As of March 31, 2018
—
Breakdown
Increase
Decrease
— —
9,029 shares
Decrease
Decrease due to sales of odd-lot stock
Number of stocks (Shares)
Balance at March 31, 2018 (Millions of yen)
¥819
   Subscription rights to shares as stock options
—
Total dividends (Millions of yen)
¥4,687
4,687
—
 — — — — 819
 Type of stock
Common stock
Common stock
Dividends per share (Yen)
¥20
20
Record date
March 31, 2017
September 30, 2017
Effective date
June 2, 2017
December 1, 2017
   (2) Of the dividends of which the record date is in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, but the effective date is in the following fiscal year
Resolution Type of stock
Board of Directors’ meeting held on May 11, 2018 Common stock
Resource of dividends
Retained earnings
Total dividends (Millions of yen)
¥4,687
Dividends per share (Yen)
¥20
Record date
March 31, 2018
  Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
Effective date
June 1, 2018
Shares
As of March 31, 2019
266,229,476
Shares
As of March 31, 2019
31,493,927
286 shares 362,800 shares
1. Number of outstanding common stock
Type of stock
Common stock
2. Number of outstanding treasury stock
Type of stock
Common stock
(Summary of the change)
Increase
Increase due to purchase of odd-lot stock
As of April 1, 2018
266,229,476
As of April 1, 2018
31,850,504
6,509 shares
Increase Decrease
— —
Increase Decrease
6,509 363,086
      110 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
Decrease
Decrease due to sales of odd-lot stock Decrease due to exercise of stock options:

3. Subscription rights to shares
Number of stocks (Shares)
Balance at March 31, 2019 (Millions of yen)
¥912
 Company name
The Company
Total
4. Dividends
(1) Dividends
Resolution
Board of Directors’ meeting held on May 11, 2018
Board of Directors’ meeting held on November 1, 2018
As of April 1, Type of stock 2018
As of March 31, 2019
—
Breakdown
Subscription rights to shares as stock options
Increase
Decrease
— —
  —
Total dividends (Millions of yen)
¥4,687
4,689
—
 — — — — 912
 Type of stock
Common stock
Common stock
Dividends per share (Yen)
¥20
20
Record date
March 31, 2018
September 30, 2018
Effective date
June 1, 2018
December 3, 2018
   (2) Of the dividends of which the record date is in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, but the effective date is in the following fiscal year
Total dividends Resolution Type of stock Resource of dividends (Millions of yen)
Board of Directors’ meeting held on May 10, 2019 Common stock Retained earnings ¥4,694
Dividends per share (Yen)
¥20
Record date
March 31, 2019
2018
¥157,896 24,694 182,591
(334) (5,690)
176,566
Effective date
June 3, 2019
Millions of yen
2019
¥137,425 14,500 151,925
(360) (3,500)
148,064
   Notes to Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(1) Cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2019 and 2018 consisted of the following:
8
     Cash and deposits
Short-term investment securities
Total
Time deposits with maturities of more than three months
Short-term investment securities with period from the acquisition date to the redemption date exceeding three months Cash and cash equivalents
                  (2) Assets and liabilities of the company which has become a consolidated subsidiary due to acquisition of shares
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018) Not applicable.
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019) The information is omitted due to insignificance.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 111

Financials
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Information for Certain Leases
(1) A summary of assumed amounts of acquisition cost, accumulated depreciation, accumulated impairment loss and net book value for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, with respect to the finance leases accounted for in the same manner as operating leases,
is as follows:
9
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
Buildings Total
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
Buildings Total
(2) Future lease payments and accumulated impairment loss on leased assets
Future lease payments as of March 31, 2019 and 2018
Due within one year Due after one year Total
Accumulated impairment loss on leased assets as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 Accumulated impairment loss on leased assets
Accumulated Accumulated depreciation impairment loss
¥968 ¥1,135
968 1,135
Accumulated Accumulated depreciation impairment loss
¥968 ¥1,135
968 1,135
2018
¥151 769 921
2018
¥706
Millions of yen
Net book value
¥—
—
Millions of yen
Net book value
¥—
—
Millions of yen
2019
¥151 618 769
Millions of yen
2019
¥585
  Acquisition cost
¥2,103
2,103
Acquisition cost
¥2,103
2,103
                                     (3) A summary of assumed amounts of lease payments, reversal of allowance for impairment loss on leased assets, depreciation, interest expenses and impairment loss for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, with respect to the finance leases accounted for in the same manner as operating leases, is as follows:
     Lease payments
Reversal of allowance for impairment loss on leased assets Depreciation
Interest expenses
Millions of yen
2018 2019
¥151 ¥151 123 121 124 124
21 18
            112 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

1. Finance lease transactions
(1) Details of lease assets
Lease assets mainly consist of the following: “Machinery, equipment and vehicles,” “Other property, plant and equipment” and “Other intan- gible assets” for office-related facilities.
2. Operating lease transactions
Future lease payments for operating lease transactions which cannot be canceled as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 are as follows:
(2) The methods of depreciation for lease assets
The methods of depreciation for lease assets are as follows: Lease assets involving finance lease transactions under which the ownership of the lease assets is transferred to lessees are the same methods that are applied to property, plant and equipment owned by the Company. Lease assets involving finance lease transactions under which the ownership of the lease assets is not transferred to lessees are the straight-line method, with their residual values being zero over their leased periods used as the number of years for useful life.
     Due within one year Due after one year Total
10  FinancialInstruments
1. Outline of financial instruments
(1) Policy for financial instruments
The Group signed an agreement concerning commitment lines with financial institutions, such as securing medium to long-term fund liquidity with the Company as a holding company, as a safety net for the entire Group. In addition, capital for each business is financed based on the financial plan as needed, through bank borrowings or bond issues applying the Cash Management System for the purpose of efficient utilization of the Group’s funds. Most funds are invested primarily in low-risk and high-liquidity financial assets, while some are invested in compound financial instruments such as bonds, etc., for the purpose of efficiently managing funds. Derivatives are used, not for speculative purposes, but to manage exposure to financial risks as described later.
(2) Nature and extent of risks arising from financial instruments
Receivables such as notes and accounts receivable-trade are exposed to customer credit risks. In addition, foreign currency-denominated trade receivables are exposed to foreign currency exchange fluctuation risks. However, certain parts of the risks are hedged by forward exchange contracts. Short-term investment securities and investment securities are mainly negotiable certificates of deposit and the stocks acquired for business collaborations with business partners, and the latter are exposed to the risk of market price fluctuations. Some compound financial instruments, etc., are also exposed to the risk of market price fluctuations in the stock markets, etc.
Of the payables such as notes and accounts payable-trade, trade payables denominated in foreign currencies are exposed to foreign currency exchange fluctuation risks. However, certain parts of the risks are hedged by forward exchange contracts. Loans and bonds payable are for the purpose of procurement of funds necessary for operating funds and capital investment, and parts of them have floating interest rates. For this reason, they are exposed to interest rate fluctuation risks.
2018
¥ 1,665 17,707 19,372
Millions of yen
2019
¥ 5,289 18,544 23,834
         Derivative transactions consist of forward exchange contracts and currency swap transactions as hedges against currency fluctuation risks on their foreign currency-denominated operating receivables and debt as well as foreign currency-denominated loans payable, and interest rate swap transactions as hedges against interest rate risks on loans payable.
For details on hedging instruments, hedged items, hedging policy and the method for evaluating hedging effectiveness concerning hedge accounting, please refer to “(5) Accounting for significant hedge” in “Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, 3. Accounting Policies.”
(3) Risk management for financial instruments
1) Credit risk management (customers’ default risk)
With respect to trade receivables, departments in charge regularly monitor the situations of major customers in compliance with each company’s management regulations for receivables, to control payment terms and balances of customers, in order to detect collection concerns such as worsening of financial conditions early and to lessen the possi- bilities for collection problems.
The credit risk for negotiable certificates of deposit and major bonds, etc., is minimal because the investments of these financial assets are limited to high credit rating issuers. Customers of derivative transac- tions are in principle limited to correspondent financial institutions. The amount of maximum risk as of the consolidated settlement date is expressed by the amounts of financial assets exposed to credit risks in the balance sheet.
2) Market risk management (foreign currency exchange and interest rate fluctuation risks)
Forward exchange contracts are used to hedge foreign currency exchange fluctuation risks identified by currency and by month, in parts of trade receivables and payables and loan receivables denominated in
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 113

Financials
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
foreign currencies, and trade receivables and payables which are expected to certainly occur due to exports and imports (forecasted transactions).
In addition, interest rate swap transactions, etc., are used to hedge fluctuation risks of interests on variable interest loans and currency swap transactions are used to hedge currency fluctuation risks on foreign currency-denominated loans payables, etc.
With respect to short-term investment securities and investment securi- ties, their fair values and financial positions of the related issuers (the counterparties) are regularly checked for reports at each company’s Board of Directors’ meeting, etc. Major holdings of shares are continu- ously reviewed in consideration of relationships with the counterparties. In addition, some compound financial instruments are also continu- ously reviewed by regularly checking their fair values.
With regard to derivative transactions, the financial department or the accounting department executes and manages transactions upon obtaining internal approvals in compliance with the derivative transac- tions management rules of each Group company. In addition, reports on the situations of derivative transactions are made to each company’s Board of Directors’ meeting when and where appropriate.
2. Matters concerning the fair value of financial instruments
3) Liquidity risk management on fund-raising (risk for delinquency) Trade payables and loans are exposed to liquidity risk. In the Group, liquidity risk is managed by setting an appropriate fund balance for each company, and by each company updating fund plans monthly to maintain the balance that exceeds the set fund balance, and by the Company confirming each company’s cash position.
(4) Supplementary explanations concerning fair values of financial instruments
Fair values of financial instruments comprise values determined based on market prices and values determined reasonably when there is no market price. Since variable factors are incorporated in calculating the relevant fair values, such fair values may vary depending on the different assumptions. The notional amounts and other information described in “Note 12 - Derivative Transactions” do not indicate the amounts of market risk exposed to derivative transactions.
The consolidated balance sheet amount and fair value of financial instruments as well as the differences between these values are described below. Financial instruments whose fair values are not readily determinable are not included in the table. (See Note 2 below.)
Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2018)
(1) Cash and deposits
(2) Notes and accounts receivable−trade
(3) Short-term investment securities and investment securities:
1) Held-to-maturity debt securities
2) Available-for-sale securities (*1)
3) Equity securities issued by affiliated companies
Total assets
(1) Notes and accounts payable−trade (2) Short-term loans payable
(3) Long-term loans payable
(4) Current portion of corporate bonds (5) Corporate bonds payable
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions (*2)
1) Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is not applied
2) Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied Total derivative transactions
Consolidated balance sheet amount
¥157,896
29,339
2,114
51,987
839
242,177
21,716
15,838
38,661
10,000
22,500
108,716
—
17
17
Fair value
¥157,896
29,339
2,124
51,987
1,112
242,460
21,716
15,838
38,885
10,000
22,591
109,032
—
17
17
Millions of yen
Valuation gains (losses)
¥   —
(0)
9
—
273
283
—
—
(224)
—
(91)
(315)
—
—
—
                                      *1 Since the fair values of embedded derivatives cannot be reasonably categorized and measured, those of the entire compound financial instruments are evaluated, and included in investment securities. *2 Receivables and payables incurred by derivative transactions are presented in net amount.
114 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2019)
(1) Cash and deposits
(2) Notes and accounts receivable−trade
(3) Short-term investment securities and investment securities:
1) Held-to-maturity debt securities
2) Available-for-sale securities
3) Equity securities issued by affiliated companies
Total assets
(1) Notes and accounts payable−trade (2) Short-term loans payable
(3) Long-term loans payable
(4) Current portion of corporate bonds (5) Corporate bonds payable
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions
1) Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is not applied 2) Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied
Total derivative transactions
Note 1: Calculation method of fair values of financial instruments and securities and derivative transactions Assets
(1) Cash and deposits and (2) Notes and accounts receivable-trade
Of these, items that are settled in the short term (within a year) are recorded using book values, as their fair values approximate book values. In addition, of notes and accounts receivable-trade, those which have more than a year to the payment date from the end of the current fiscal year are stated at the present values by discounting the amount of claim for each receivable with the interest rate calculated by the payment period and credit risk. (3) Short-term investment securities and investment securities
The fair values of stocks are determined using the quoted price on the stock exchange, and those of bonds are determined using the quoted price on the exchange or the quoted price obtained from financial institutions. In addition, negotiable certificates of deposit included in available-for-sale securities are recorded using book values, as they are settled in the short term (within a year) and their fair values approximate book values. For notes con- cerning securities by holding purpose, please see “Note 11 - Investment Securities.”
Liabilities
(1) Notes and accounts payable–trade, (2) Short-term loans payable and (4) Current portion of corporate bonds Of these, items that are settled in the short term (within a year) are recorded using book values, as their fair values approximate book values. Of the short-term loans payable, fair values of the loans hedged by interest rate swap contracts meeting certain conditions are calculated by combining them with the relevant interest rate swap. (3) Long-term loans payable and (5) Corporate bonds payable
These are stated with the present values calculated by discounting the aggregated values of the principal and interest using an assumed interest rate if loans are newly made. Of the long-term loans payable, fair values of the loans hedged by interest rate swap contracts with special treatment applied and by interest rate and currency swap contracts with combined treatment applied (subject to special treatment and allocation hedge accounting) are calculated by combining them with the relevant interest rate swap or interest rate and currency swap.
Derivative transactions
For notes concerning derivatives, please see “Note 12 - Derivative Transactions.”
Consolidated balance sheet amount
¥137,425
39,209
1,411
45,962
818
224,827
24,758
13,352
40,334
12,500
10,000
100,946
—
—
—
Fair value
¥137,425
39,200
1,418
45,962
831
224,838
24,758
13,352
40,293
12,500
10,020
100,925
—
—
—
Millions of yen
Valuation gains (losses)
¥ —
(8)
7
—
12
10
—
—
40
—
(20)
20
—
—
—
Millions of yen 2018 2019 ¥ 3,430 8,432 350 26,499 1,073
                                      Note 2: Financial instruments whose fair values are not readily determinable
Item
Investments in unlisted stocks, etc.
Investments in investment limited partnerships, etc. Stocks of non-consolidated subsidiaries
Stocks of affiliates
Investments in capital of subsidiaries and affiliates
    ¥ 2,599
 8,661
 339
 26,767
 1,601
            These items are not included in “(3) Short-term investment securities and investment securities,” because there is no market price, future cash flows cannot be estimated, and it is extremely difficult to identify fair values.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 115

Financials
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 3: Redemption schedule of monetary assets and securities with contractual maturities Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2018)
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable−trade
Short-term investment securities and investment securities:
Held-to-maturity debt securities (Corporate bonds)
Available-for-sale securities with maturities (Negotiable certificates of deposit) Available-for-sale securities with maturities (Other)*
Within one year
¥157,896
29,328
700
5,000
19,400
One to five years
¥   —
11
700
—
950
1,661
Five to ten years
¥  —
—
500
—
—
500
Five to ten years
¥  —
—
500
—
—
500
Four to five years
¥       —
10,000
—
55
14
Four to five years
¥    —
17,000
—
117
8
Millions of yen
Over ten years
¥  —
—
200
—
—
200
Millions of yen
Over ten years
¥  —
—
200
—
—
200
Millions of yen
Over five years
¥    —
2,000
—
50
10
Millions of yen
Over five years
¥—
—
—
7
1
                Total 212,325
  * With respect to bonds with an early redemption clause, their expected redemption amounts at maturity without applying the early redemption clause are listed. Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2019)
  Within one year
Cash and deposits ¥137,425
Notes and accounts receivable−trade 38,972
Short-term investment securities and investment securities:
Held-to-maturity debt securities (Corporate bonds) 500
Available-for-sale securities with maturities (Negotiable certificates of deposit) —
Available-for-sale securities with maturities (Other)* 14,000
Total 190,897
* With respect to bonds with an early redemption clause, their expected redemption amounts at maturity without applying the early redemption clause are listed. Note 4: Redemption schedules of loans payable, corporate bonds payable, lease obligations and other interest-bearing liabilities
Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2018)
One to five years
¥  —
236
200
—
200
636
                  Category
Short-term loans payable
Long-term loans payable
Corporate bonds payable
Lease obligations
Other interest-bearing debt: Accounts payable–facilities
Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2019)
Category
Short-term loans payable
Long-term loans payable
Corporate bonds payable
Lease obligations
Other interest-bearing debt: Accounts payable–facilities
Within one year
¥15,838
—
10,000
333
542
Within one year
¥13,352
—
12,500
365
92
One to two years
¥      —
13,341
12,500
228
92
One to two years
¥    —
13,331
10,000
312
22
Two to three years
¥       —
13,320
10,000
175
22
Two to three years
¥  —
3
—
215
14
Three to four years
¥     —
—
—
104
14
Three to four years
¥    —
10,000
—
133
14
                          116 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

11  InvestmentSecurities
1. Held-to-maturity debt securities
Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2018)
(1) Securities whose market value exceeds the consolidated balance sheet amount
Category
1) Government / municipal bonds 2) Corporate bonds
3) Other
Consolidated balance sheet amount
¥   —
1,614
—
Fair value
¥   —
1,626
—
1,626
Fair value
¥  —
497
—
497
Fair value
¥   —
1,018
—
1,018
Fair value
¥  —
400
—
400
Acquisition cost
¥ 9,596
3,200
2,543
15,339
Millions of yen
Valuation gains (losses)
¥ —
11
—
11
Millions of yen
Valuation gains (losses)
¥—
(2)
—
(2)
Millions of yen
Valuation gains (losses)
¥—
7
—
7
Millions of yen
Valuation gains (losses)
¥ —
(0)
—
(0)
Millions of yen
Valuation gains (losses)
¥13,413
1
402
13,817
          Total 1,614
(2) Securities whose market value is equal to or lower than the consolidated balance sheet amount
    Category
1) Government / municipal bonds 2) Corporate bonds
3) Other
Consolidated balance sheet amount
¥  —
500
—
        Total 500
  Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2019)
(1) Securities whose market value exceeds the consolidated balance sheet amount
Category
1) Government / municipal bonds 2) Corporate bonds
3) Other
Total
Consolidated balance sheet amount
¥   —
1,011
—
1,011
            (2) Securities whose market value is equal to or lower than the consolidated balance sheet amount
  Category
1) Government / municipal bonds 2) Corporate bonds
3) Other
Total
2. Available-for-sale securities
Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2018)
(1) Securities whose consolidated balance sheet amount exceeds the acquisition cost
Category
1) Shares 2) Bonds 3) Other
Total
Consolidated balance sheet amount
¥  —
400
—
400
Consolidated balance sheet amount
¥23,009
3,201
2,945
29,157
                      INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 117

Financials
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(2) Securities whose consolidated balance sheet amount is equal to or lower than the acquisition cost
  Category
1) Shares 2) Bonds 3) Other
Total
Note: Compound financial instruments are included in “Bonds” and valuation difference of ¥52 million is recorded under “Other income.”
Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2019)
(1) Securities whose consolidated balance sheet amount exceeds the acquisition cost
Category
1) Shares 2) Bonds 3) Other
Total
Consolidated balance
sheet amount Acquisition cost
¥   365 ¥   420
2,965 3,073
19,499 19,499
22,830 22,993
Consolidated balance
sheet amount Acquisition cost
¥29,027 ¥ 9,007
3,200 3,200
1,517 1,364
33,745 13,572
Millions of yen
Valuation gains (losses)
¥ (55)
(107)
—
(163)
Millions of yen
Valuation gains (losses)
¥20,019
0
152
20,173
Millions of yen
Valuation gains (losses)
¥ (82)
(105)
—
(188)
Millions of yen
losses on sales
¥ 1
—
—
1
Millions of yen
losses on sales
¥139
—
—
139
                      (2) Securities whose consolidated balance sheet amount is equal to or lower than the acquisition cost
  Category
1) Shares 2) Bonds 3) Other
Total
3. Available-for-sale securities sold during the fiscal year
Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2018)
Category
1) Shares 2) Bonds 3) Other
Total
Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2019)
Category
1) Shares 2) Bonds 3) Other
Total
4. Impairment loss on securities
Consolidated balance
sheet amount Acquisition cost
¥   238 ¥   321
978 1,083
11,000 11,000
12,217 12,405
Amount of proceeds Total gains on sales
¥1,647 ¥508
— —
518 23
2,166 532
Amount of proceeds Total gains on sales
¥5,835 ¥1,344
— —
181 366
6,017 1,701
Total
Total
                                  Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the Group recognized impairment loss on available-for-sale securities in an amount of ¥142 million.
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019) Not applicable.
118 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

12  DerivativeTransactions
1. Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is not applied
(1) Currency-related derivatives
Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2018) Not applicable.
Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2019) Not applicable.
(2) Compound financial instruments
With respect to compound financial instruments whose fair values cannot be categorized and measured for each embedded derivative, the entire compound financial instruments are appraised by fair value, and are included in “2. Available-for-sale securities” in “Note 11 - Investment Securities”.
2. Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied
(1) Currency-related derivatives
Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2018)
  Hedge accounting method
Primary method
Classification
Forward exchange contracts: Buying
Major hedged items
Accounts payable–trade
Major hedged items
Long-term loans payable Long-term loans payable
Long-term loans payable
Contract value
¥202
Contract value
¥20,196 30,000
988
51,184
Contract value due after one year
¥—
Contract value due after one year
¥20,196 21,660
—
41,856
Millions of yen
Fair value
¥(0)
Millions of yen
Fair value
¥18 Note 3
Note 3
―
  U.S. dollar Note: Fair values are calculated using prices quoted by financial institutions.
Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2019) Not applicable.
(2) Interest rate-related derivatives
Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2018)
    Hedge accounting method
Primary method (Note 2)
Special treatment for interest rate swaps
Special treatment for interest rate and currency swaps
Total
Classification
Interest rate swaps:
Floating rate into fixed rate
Interest rate swaps:
Floating rate into fixed rate
Interest rate and currency swaps: Floating rate into fixed rate
          Notes: 1. Fair values are calculated using prices quoted by financial institutions.
2. Derivatives for which primary method is applied are interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate risk on long-term loans payable of the companies accounted for under equity method. The contract value and fair value are calcu-
lated by multiplying the company’s holding ratio.
3. With respect to “interest rate swaps” and “interest rate and currency swaps” which meet certain conditions, fair values of the interest rate swaps and currency swaps are included in the fair values of the relevant long-term loans
payable, since they are used for recording long-term loans payable as hedged items.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 119

Financials
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2019)
  Hedge accounting method
Special treatment for interest rate swaps
Total
Classification
Interest rate swaps:
Floating rate into fixed rate
Major hedged items
Long-term loans payable
Contract value
¥30,000
30,000
Contract value due after one year
¥13,320
13,320
Millions of yen
Fair value
Note
—
      Note: With respect to “interest rate swaps” which meet certain conditions, fair values of the interest rate swaps are included in the fair values of the relevant long-term loans payable, since they are used for recording long-term loans pay- able as hedged items.
13  RetirementBenefits
1. Overview of retirement benefit plans
The Company and domestic consolidated subsidiaries offer, based on retirement benefit regulations, employees’ pension plans and lump-sum retirement benefit plans.
In addition to the above plan, the Company and certain domestic consolidated subsidiaries introduced new selective defined contribution pension plans from the current fiscal year. Certain domestic consolidated subsidiaries and overseas consolidated subsidiaries already have defined contribu- tion pension plans.
Under the lump-sum retirement benefit plans that the Company and certain domestic consolidated subsidiaries have, net defined benefit liability and severance and retirement benefit expenses are calculated by the simplified method.
2. Defined benefit pension plan
(1) Reconciliation of the difference between the amounts of projected benefit obligations (excluding pension plan using the simplified method)
Millions of yen
2018 2019
¥23,845 ¥27,066 1,910 2,124 112 90 949 551
Retirement benefit paid
Prior service costs incurred
Increased liability following transition of retirement benefit plan
Impact of the change from the simplified method to the principle method
Other 60 157
     Projected benefit obligations at the beginning of the period Service costs–benefits earned during the year
Interest cost on projected benefit obligations
Actuarial differences accrued
            (401) (489) (67) — 564 — 91 —
               Projected benefit obligations at the end of the period
(2) Reconciliation of the difference between the amounts of plan assets
Plan assets at the beginning of the period Expected return on plan assets Actuarial differences accrued Contribution of employer
Retirement benefit paid
Estimated amount of distribution from fund following transition of retirement benefit plan Impact of the change from the simplified method to the principle method
Other
Plan assets at the end of the period
27,066 29,499
Millions of yen
2018 2019
¥22,030 ¥26,002 423 489
84 (211) 3,396 2,885
(346) (458) 408 — 6 —
— (1) 26,002 28,707
                                   120 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

(3) Reconciliation of the difference between the amounts of net defined benefit liability under pension plans using the simplified method
     ¥659
 105
 (70)
 (85)
 (8)
 600
  Net defined benefit liability at the beginning of the period
Retirement benefit expenses
Retirement benefit paid
Impact of the change from the simplified method to the principle method Other
Net defined benefit liability at the end of the period
Millions of yen 2018 2019 ¥600 77
(25) — 3
656
            (4) Reconciliation of the difference between the amount of projected benefit obligations and plan assets and net defined benefit liability and net defined benefit asset recorded in the consolidated balance sheets
   2018
Millions of yen
2019
¥ 27,620 (28,707) (1,087)
2,535 1,448
4,019 (2,570) 1,448
Millions of yen
2019
¥2,124 90
(489) 532 — 77 54 2,390
  ¥ 25,340
 (26,002)
 (662)
 2,326
 1,663
  3,572
 (1,908)
 1,663
  Funded projected benefit obligations Plan assets
Unfunded projected benefit obligations
Net amount of liabilities and assets recorded on the consolidated balance sheets
Net defined benefit liability
Net defined benefit asset
Net amount of liabilities and assets recorded on the consolidated balance sheets
Note: The retirement benefit scheme applying the simplified method is included.
(5) Breakdown of retirement benefit expenses
Service costs–benefits earned during the year Interest cost on projected benefit obligations Expected return on plan assets
Amortization of actuarial difference Amortization of prior service cost
Retirement benefit expenses using the simplified method Other
Retirement benefit expenses of defined benefit pension plan
2018
                       ¥1,910
 112
 (423)
 (311)
 (67)
 105
 6
 1,332
                  Note: Other than the retirement benefit expenses stated above, early extra retirement payments of ¥22 million and ¥175 million were recorded under other expenses for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. Additionally, losses arising from the dissolution of employees’ pension fund and a transfer of retirement benefit plan have been recorded as other expenses. The recorded amount was ¥156 million for the previous fiscal year.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 121

Financials
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(6) Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Items included in the remeasurements of defined benefit plans are as follows (before tax effect deduction).
Actuarial difference Total
(7) Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Items included in the remeasurements of defined benefit plans are as follows (before tax effect deduction).
Unrecognized actuarial differences Total
(8) Matters concerning plan assets
1) Breakdown of plan assets
Ratio of main classes of plan assets
Debt securities Share of stock Cash and deposits General account Other
Total
Millions of yen 2018 2019
¥(229) (229)
Millions of yen 2018 2019
¥(441) (441)
2018 2019 57%
10 19 10
2 100
     ¥(1,176)
 (1,176)
           ¥(211)
 (211)
           56%
 21
 6
 11
 6
 100
              2) Long-term expected rate of return on plan assets
In determining long-term expected rate of return on plan assets, the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries consider the current and projected asset allocations, as well as current and future long-term rate of returns for the various assets which make up the plan assets.
(9) Matters concerning basis for the actuarial calculation
Basis for the actuarial calculation
Discount rate
Long-term expected rate of return on plan assets
Salary increase ratio (Note)
Note: Some consolidated subsidiaries do not use salary increase ratio for the calculation of retirement benefits obligations.
3. Defined contribution pension plans
2018
2019
0.0–1.0% 1.6–2.0%
     0.0–1.3%
 1.6–2.0%
 Principally, salary increase index by ages as of March 31, 2016 is used.
       The amount to be paid by the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries to the defined contribution pension plans were ¥332 million and ¥697 million for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.
122 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
Principally, salary increase index by ages as of March 31, 2016 is used.
 
14  StockOptionPlan
1. Account title and amount of stock options recorded as expenses
Selling, general and administrative expenses
2. Amounts recognized as gain due to vested stock options unexercised
Millions of yen 2018 2019 ¥515 ¥199
Millions of yen 2018 2019 ¥— ¥13
               Other income
3. Contents, scale and movement of stock options
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
(1) The following table summarizes the contents of stock options
    Company name
Date of the resolution
Class and number of stock
Date of issue
Period grantees provide service in return for stock options
Period subscription rights are to be exercised
The Company
August 2, 2016
Common stock 250,000
September 1, 2016
September 1, 2016 to  September 1, 2018
September 2, 2018 to  September 1, 2020
The Company
August 2, 2016
Common stock 3,844,500
September 1, 2016
September 1, 2016 to  September 1, 2018
September 2, 2018 to  September 1, 2020
   Position and number of grantees
  The Company’s directors: 5
   The Company’s executive officers: 7 The Company’s employees: 11
The Company’s subsidiaries’
directors: 43
The Company’s subsidiaries’ executive
officers: 46
The Company’s subsidiaries’ employees: 822
   Condition of settlement of rights
 Continue to work from  September 1, 2016 to
September 1, 2018
   Continue to work from  September 1, 2016 to
September 1, 2018
   INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 123

Financials
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(2) The following table summarizes the scale and movement of stock options
 Company name
Date of the resolution
Not exercisable stock options
Stock options outstanding at April 1, 2017
Stock options granted
The Company
August 2, 2016
250,000
—
Shares
The Company
August 2, 2016
3,820,000
—
28,500
—
3,791,500
—
—
—
—
—
The Company
August 2, 2016
¥1,413
—
256
     Forfeitures —
 Conversion to exercisable stock options
Stock options outstanding at March 31, 2018
Exercisable stock options
Stock options outstanding at April 1, 2017
Conversion from not exercisable stock options
Stock options exercised
Forfeitures
Stock options outstanding at March 31, 2018
—
250,000
—
—
—
—
—
        The following table summarizes the price information of stock options
Yen
 Company name
Date of the resolution
Exercise price
Average market price of the stock at the time of exercise
Fair value of the stock option at the date of grant
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
The Company
August 2, 2016
¥1,413
—
256
     (1) The following table summarizes the contents of stock options
Company name
Date of the resolution
Class and number of stock
Date of issue
Period grantees provide service in return for stock options
Period subscription rights are to be exercised
 The Company
August 2, 2016
Common stock 250,000
September 1, 2016
September 1, 2016 to September 1, 2018
September 2, 2018 to September 1, 2020
The Company
August 2, 2016
Common stock 3,844,500
September 1, 2016
September 1, 2016 to September 1, 2018
September 2, 2018 to September 1, 2020
   Position and number of grantees
  The Company’s directors: 5
   The Company’s executive officers: 7 The Company’s employees: 11
The Company’s subsidiaries’
directors: 43
The Company’s subsidiaries’
executive officers: 46
The Company’s subsidiaries’
employees: 822
   Condition of settlement of rights
 Continue to work from September 1, 2016 to September 1, 2018
   Continue to work from September 1, 2016 to September 1, 2018
   124 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

(2) The following table summarizes the scale and movement of stock options
 Company name
Date of the resolution
Not exercisable stock options
Stock options outstanding at April 1, 2018
Stock options granted
The Company
August 2, 2016
250,000
—
Shares
The Company
August 2, 2016
3,791,500
—
62,000
3,729,500
—
—
3,729,500
197,800
52,500
3,479,200
The Company
August 2, 2016
¥1,413
1,696
256
     Forfeitures —
 Conversion to exercisable stock options
Stock options outstanding at March 31, 2019
Exercisable stock options
Stock options outstanding at April 1, 2018
Conversion from not exercisable stock options
Stock options exercised
250,000
—
—
250,000
165,000
      Forfeitures —
Stock options outstanding at March 31, 2019 85,000
The following table summarizes the price information of stock options
  Yen
 Company name
Date of the resolution
Exercise price
Average market price of the stock at the time of exercise
Fair value of the stock option at the date of grant
4. Estimation of fair value of the stock options
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018) Not applicable.
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019) Not applicable.
The Company
August 2, 2016
¥1,413
1,447
256
     5. Estimation of number of exercisable stock options
Only the actual forfeitures are reflected because it is difficult to estimate future forfeitures reasonably.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 125

Financials
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
15  IncomeTaxes
1. Significant components of deffered tax assets and liability
Deferred tax assets:
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Loss on valuation of inventories
Provision for bonuses
Net defined benefit liability
Depreciation expense
Loss on valuation of investment securities Impairment loss
Other
Tax loss carried forward
Total
Valuation allowance for tax loss carried forward (Note 2) Valuation allowance for deductible temporary differences Subtotal of valuation allowance (Note 1)
Offset against deferred tax liabilities
Net deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities:
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Other
Subtotal of deferred tax liabilities Offset against deferred tax assets
Total
Recorded deferred tax assets
2018
Millions of yen
2019
¥   192 1,623 1,810 1,438 17,769 515 2,579 11,772 42,613 80,314
(41,782) (27,631) (69,413)
(6,802) 4,098
(6,483) (2,429) (8,912) 6,802 (2,110) 1,988
       ¥   225
 1,436
 1,845
 1,431
 15,627
 621
 2,768
 10,112
 49,987
 84,055
 —
 —
 (71,427)
 (6,235)
 6,392
   (4,799)
 (3,923)
 (8,722)
 6,235
 (2,487)
 3,905
                                                 Notes: 1. Valuation allowance decreased by ¥2,014 million. The major contributing factor for this decrease was the end of the carryforward period of tax loss of consolidated subsidiaries at the end of the current fiscal year. 2. Amount of tax loss carried forward and their deferred tax assets by carryforward period are as follows.
Current year (As of March 31, 2019)
Tax loss carried forward (a) Valuation allowance Deferred tax assets
Within 1 year
4,145
(4,145)
—
Over 1 year within 2 years
3,141
(3,141)
—
Over 2 years within 3 years
5,847
(5,303)
544
Over 3 years within 4 years
5,418
(5,418)
0
Over 4 years within 5 years
2,794
(2,531)
262
Over 5 years
21,265
(21,242)
22
Millions of yen
Total
42,613
(41,782)
(b) 830
            (a) The amount of tax loss carried forward is the amount under the normal effective statutory tax rate.
(b) Regarding the amount of tax loss carried forward of ¥42,613 million (amount under the normal effective statutory tax rate), deferred tax assets of ¥830 million were recorded. The Company deemed that a partial amount of tax loss
carried forward can be recovered mainly in the following fiscal year due to the estimated amount of taxable income.
126 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

2. Breakdown of major causes of the significant difference between the statutory tax rate and the effective tax rate for financial statement purposes, if any, by item, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
     Statutory tax rate
(Reconciliation)
Changes in valuation allowance
Permanently non-deductible expenses including entertainment expenses Amortization of goodwill
Difference of tax rates for consolidated subsidiaries
Tax credit for experiment and research expenses
Tax loss carried forward
Effect of adjustment for consolidation
Adjustments of deferred tax assets for enacted changes in tax laws and rates Other
Effective tax rate for financial statement purposes
16  BusinessCombination The information is omitted due to its insignificance.
17  AssetRetirementObligations Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2018)
The information is omitted due to the immateriality of the total amount of the asset retirement obligations.
Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2019)
The information is omitted due to the immateriality of the total amount of the asset retirement obligations.
18  RentalPropertyandOtherRealEstate Previous fiscal year (As of March 31, 2018)
The information is omitted due to the immateriality of the total amount of the rental property and other real estate.
Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2019)
The information is omitted due to the immateriality of the total amount of the rental property and other real estate.
2018 2019 30.9% 30.6%
(129.6) (55.1) 5.6 7.4 5.6 7.7 1.6 (3.1)
(14.5) (22.0) 67.1 81.4 4.1 16.4 56.7 —
(3.0) (2.4) 24.5 61.0
                                    INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 127

Financials
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
19  SegmentInformation
1. Outline of reporting segments
Reporting segments of the Group are the organizational units for which separated financial information is available, and on the basis of which the Board of Directors makes decision on the allocation of management resources and examines financial performance on a regular basis.
Planning of business development and strategies as well as execution of business activities in respect of each product and service is carried out by each Group company that provides such product and service.
As such, the Group comprises segments classified by product and service provided through the business run by each company, in which the “Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business,” the “Entertainment Contents Business” and the “Resort Business” are the reporting segments.
Line of business at each reporting segment is as follows:
  Segment
Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business Entertainment Contents Business
Resort Business
Main product and business
Development, manufacture and sales of pachislot and pachinko machines
Development and sales of digital game software serving as the main axis of segments; development and sales of packaged game software and amusement machines; development and operation of amusement centers; planning, production and sales of animated films; development, manufacture and sales of toys
Development and operation of hotels and golf courses, etc. in the integrated resorts business and other facilities businesses
        2. Basis of measurement for net sales, income (loss), assets and other items by each reporting segment
The accounting treatment for the Group’s reporting segments is generally the same as described in “Note 2 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.”
3. Information on the amounts of net sales, income (loss), assets and other items by each reporting segment
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
       Net sales:
Sales to third parties Inter-segment sales and transfers
Reporting segment
Pachislot Entertainment Pachinko Machines Contents
¥105,649 ¥208,081
759 1,482
Resort
¥ 9,932
22
9,954
(2,502)
53,373
1,026
25,973
1,961
Subtotal
¥323,663
2,263
325,927
24,262
304,600
18,427
27,009
22,873
Adjustment (Note)
¥     1
(2,263)
(2,262)
(6,541)
168,866
752
839
1,323
Millions of yen
Amount in consolidated financial statements
¥323,664
—
323,664
17,720
473,467
19,180
27,848
24,196
      Total 106,409
209,563
14,841
167,097
11,168
572
17,254
  Segment income (loss) Segment assets
Other items:
Depreciation
Investments in affiliates accounted for
by the equity method Increases in property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets
11,923
84,129
6,233
463
3,656
            Notes: 1.
Elimination of inter-segment transactions of ¥18 million and general corporate expenses of ¥(6,560) million which are not allocated to the reporting segment are included in the adjustment to segment income (loss) of ¥(6,541)
million. General corporate expenses are mainly expenses of the Group management incurred by the Company.
2. Adjustments for segment assets of ¥168,866 million includes elimination of inter-segment transactions of ¥(16,815) million and general corporate assets of ¥185,682 million which are not allocated to each reporting segment.
General corporate assets are mainly assets of the Company that are not allocated to each segment.
3. The adjustment to depreciation is mainly depreciation associated with the Company.
4. Adjustments for investments in affiliates accounted for using the equity method are investments in affiliates accounted for using the equity method that are not attached to each reporting segment.
5. The adjustment to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets is mainly the purchase of noncurrent assets associated with the Company.
6. Adjustment has been made to segment income (loss) and operating income in the consolidated financial statements.
128 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
       Net sales:
Sales to third parties Inter-segment sales and transfers
Reporting segment
Pachislot Entertainment Pachinko Machines Contents
¥101,425 ¥219,631
928 1,149
Resort
¥10,589
49
10,639
(2,412)
44,836
876
25,604
192
Subtotal
¥331,647
2,127
333,774
20,935
301,256
17,849
26,745
30,283
Adjustment (Note)
¥      1
(2,127)
(2,126)
(7,855)
163,398
969
818
4,141
Millions of yen
Amount in consolidated financial statements
¥331,648
—
331,648
13,079
464,654
18,819
27,564
34,424
      Total 102,354 220,781
  Segment income (loss) Segment assets
Other items:
Depreciation
Investments in affiliates accounted for
by the equity method Increases in property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets
13,490 9,857
80,035 176,384
4,962 12,011
446 693
5,060 25,030
            Notes: 1. Elimination of inter-segment transactions of ¥(7) million and general corporate expenses of ¥(7,848) million which are not allocated to the reporting segment are included in the adjustment to segment income (loss) of ¥(7,855) million. General corporate expenses are mainly expenses of the Group management incurred by the Company.
2. Adjustments for segment assets of ¥163,398 million includes elimination of inter-segment transactions of ¥(16,326) million and general corporate assets of ¥179,724 million which are not allocated to each reporting segment. General corporate assets are mainly assets of the Company that are not allocated to each segment.
3. The adjustment to depreciation is mainly depreciation associated with the Company.
4. Adjustments for investments in affiliates accounted for using the equity method are investments in affiliates accounted for using the equity method that are not attached to each reporting segment. 5. The adjustment to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets is mainly the purchase of noncurrent assets associated with the Company.
6. Adjustment has been made to segment income (loss) and operating income in the consolidated financial statements.
[Related information]
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
1. Information by each product and service
Nothing is stated herein as similar information is disclosed in Segment Information.
2. Geographical segment information
(1) Net sales
Japan North America Europe
¥267,992 ¥34,608 ¥10,236
Note: Net sales are geographically classified by country or region in which customers are located.
(2) Property, plant and equipment
Other
¥10,826
Millions of yen
Total
¥323,664
   Description is omitted, since property, plant and equipment in Japan exceeded 90% of those stated in the consolidated balance sheets.
3. Information by each major customer
Nothing is stated herein as there is no outside customer representing 10% or more of the net sales in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 129

Financials
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
1. Information by each product and service
Nothing is stated herein as similar information is disclosed in Segment Information.
2. Geographical segment information
(1) Net sales
Japan North America Europe
¥277,903 ¥33,373 ¥10,937
Note: Net sales are geographically classified by country or region in which customers are located.
(2) Property, plant and equipment
Other
¥9,433
Millions of yen
Total
¥331,648
   Description is omitted, since property, plant and equipment in Japan exceeded 90% of those stated in the consolidated balance sheets.
3. Information by each major customer
Nothing is stated herein as there is no outside customer representing 10% or more of the net sales in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.
[Information on the amount of impairment loss on noncurrent assets by each reporting segment] Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
       Impairment loss
Pachislot Pachinko Machines
¥270
Reporting segment
Entertainment
Contents Resort
¥2,203 ¥—
Reporting segment
Entertainment
Contents Resort
¥8,334 ¥—
Subtotal
¥2,474
Subtotal
¥8,334
Subtotal
¥2,169
8,541
Millions of yen
Amount in consolidated financial Adjustment statements
¥— ¥2,474
Millions of yen
Amount in consolidated financial Adjustment statements
¥— ¥8,334
Millions of yen
Amount in consolidated financial Adjustment statements
¥— ¥2,169
— 8,541
Millions of yen
Amount in consolidated financial statements
¥2,064
6,448
  Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
       Impairment loss
Pachislot Pachinko Machines
¥—
  [Information on amortization of goodwill and unamortized balance by each reporting segment] Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
       Amortization
Balance as of March 31, 2018
Pachislot Pachinko Machines
¥43
—
Reporting segment
Entertainment
Contents Resort
¥2,126 ¥—
8,541 —
Reporting segment
Entertainment
Contents Resort
¥1,993 ¥—
6,448 —
    Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
       Amortization
Balance as of March 31, 2019
Pachislot Pachinko Machines
¥70
—
Subtotal Adjustment
¥2,064 ¥—
6,448 —
    [Information on gain on negative goodwill by each reporting segment] Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
Not applicable.
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019) Not applicable.
130 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

20  Related-PartyTransactions
1. Related-party transactions
(1) Transactions between the Company and related parties
1) Non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies of the Company Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
   Name of related individual or company
PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd.
Position and principal business
Resort business
Transaction Description of the Company’s transactions amount
Underwriting of capital increase (Note 1) ¥ 5,383
Provision of security (Note 2) 25,973
Accounts
Accounts
Accounts
Millions of yen
End of period account balance
—¥—
—¥—
Millions of yen
End of period account balance
—¥—
——
Millions of yen
End of period account balance
        Note: 1.TheCompanyunderwroteacapitalincreasethroughallotmenttoshareholders.
2. For part of the loans from financial institutions to PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd., the shares of the company were provided as a pledge.
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
   Name of related individual or company
PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd.
Position and principal business
Resort business
Transaction Description of the Company’s transactions amount
Underwriting of capital increase (Note 1) ¥ 4,436
Provision of security (Note 2) 25,604
        Notes: 1. The Company underwrote a capital increase through allotment to shareholders.
2. For part of the loans from financial institutions to PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd., the shares of the company were provided as a pledge.
2) Directors, key individual shareholders, etc., of the Company Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
   Name of related individual or company
FSC Co., Ltd. (Note 1)
Position and principal business
Non-life insurance agent
Transaction Description of the Company’s transactions amount
Payment of insurance ¥7
Prepaid expenses ¥3
Long-term prepaid
expenses 2
— —
Millions of yen
End of period account balance
— —
— —
— —
     Receipt of insurance monies (Note 2)
Rental income from real estate and equipment (Note 2)
1
3
     Notes 1. Hajime Satomi, Chairman and CEO (Representative Director), and Haruki Satomi, President and COO (Representative Director), directly hold 2. Transaction prices are determined in the same way as for general transactions and with reference to market prices.
3. Consumption taxes are not included in transaction amount.
a majority of the shares of FSC Co., Ltd.
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
   Name of related individual or company
Hajime Satomi Haruki Satomi Yuichi Amari
FSC Co., Ltd. (Note 2)
Position and principal business
Director of the Company Director of the Company Director of Sammy Corporation Non-life insurance agent
Description of the Company’s transactions
Exercise of stock options (Note
Exercise of stock options (Note
Exercise of stock options (Note
Payment of insurance (Note 3)
Transaction amount
1) ¥105
1) 127
1) 11
8
Accounts
                  Rental income from real estate
and equipment (Note 3) 1
Prepaid expenses ¥4
Long-term prepaid
expenses 1
——
   Notes: 1. Stock options which were granted based on the resolution at the interim Board of Directors Meeting on August 2, 2016 and exercised for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 are listed. The transaction amount listed herein is calculated by multiplying the number of shares granted upon exercise of stock options for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 by the amount of payment upon exercise.
2. Hajime Satomi, Chairman and Group CEO (Representative Director), and Haruki Satomi, President and Group COO (Representative Director), directly hold a majority of the shares of FSC Co., Ltd. 3. Transaction prices are determined in the same way as for general transactions and with reference to market prices.
4. Consumption taxes are not included in transaction amount.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 131

Financials
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(2) Transactions between subsidiaries of the Company and related parties
Directors, key individual shareholders, etc., of the Company Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
Name of related individual or company Position and principal business
FSC Co., Ltd. (Note 1) Non-life insurance agent
Description of the Company’s transactions
Payment of insurance (Note 2)
Millions of yen
End of period Transaction account amount Accounts balance
¥28 Prepaid expenses ¥19
         Notes: 1. Hajime Satomi, Chairman and CEO (Representative Director), and Haruki Satomi, President and COO (Representative Director), directly hold a majority of the shares of FSC Co., Ltd. 2. Transaction prices are determined in the same way as for general transactions and with reference to market prices.
3. Consumption taxes are not included in transaction amount.
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
   Name of related individual or company
FSC Co., Ltd. (Note 1)
Position and principal business
Non-life insurance agent
Transaction Description of the Company’s transactions amount
Payment of insurance (Note 2) ¥27
Millions of yen
End of period account Accounts balance
Prepaid expenses ¥2
Accrued expenses 0
       Notes: 1. Hajime Satomi, Chairman and Group CEO (Representative Director), and Haruki Satomi, President and Group COO (Representative Director), directly hold a majority of the shares of FSC Co., Ltd. 2. Transaction prices are determined in the same way as for general transactions and with reference to market prices.
3. Consumption taxes are not included in transaction amount.
2. Notes on the parent company or significant affiliates
(1) Information on the parent company
Not applicable.
(2) Summarized financial information of significant affiliates
PARADISE SEGASAMMY Co., Ltd., is a significant affiliates in the current fiscal year, and its summarized financial statements are as follows.
     Total current assets Total noncurrent assets
Total current liabilities Total noncurrent liabilities
Total net assets
Net sales
Income (loss) before income taxes Income (loss)
21  PerShareData Item
Net assets per share
Net income per share
Net income per share (diluted)
2018 ¥ 21,327 114,547
6,533 73,947
55,393
19,948 (5,469) (5,349)
2018
Millions of yen
2019
¥ 14,574 136,679
15,779 79,849
55,624
30,341 (6,077) (6,028)
Yen
2019
¥1,289.32 11.27 11.24
                                      ¥1,313.90
 38.10
 38.04
        132 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

1. The calculation basis for net assets per share is as follows.
Item
Total of net assets in the consolidated balance sheets (Millions of yen)
Amounts deducted from net assets in the consolidated balance sheets (Millions of yen) (Subscription rights to shares (Millions of yen))
(Non-controlling interests (Millions of yen))
Net assets available for common stock (Millions of yen)
Number of common stock used to calculate net assets per share (Thousands of shares)
2. The assumptions of net income (loss) per share and diluted net income per share are as follows.
Item
Net income per share:
 Profit attributable to owners of parent (Millions of yen)
 Amount not attributable to common stockholders (Millions of yen)
 Profit attributable to owners of parent for common stock (Millions of yen)
 Average number of common stocks (Thousand of shares)
Diluted net income per share:
 Profit attributable to owners of parent adjustment (Millions of yen)
 Increase of common stock (Thousand of shares)
 (Stock options) (Thousand of shares)
 Outline of potential shares not included in calculation of net income per share (diluted) because of no dilutive effect
22  SignificantSubsequentEvents
Business combination through acquisition
2018 ¥310,456 2,505 819 1,685 307,951 234,378
2018
¥8,930 — 8,930 234,383
— 363 363
2019
¥305,337 2,688 912 1,776 302,648 234,735
2019
¥2,642 — 2,642 234,541
— 575 575
                                                   ——
   The Company resolved at a Board of Directors’ meeting on March 29, 2019, to acquire all shares of Two Point Studios Ltd. (Headquarters: Farnham, United Kingdom) through SEGA Games Co., Ltd., a consolidated subsidiary of the Company. The Company acquired shares of said company as of May 8, 2019 and made it a consolidated subsidiary.
(1) Outline of business combination
1) Name and business of acquired company
Name of acquired company: Two Point Studios Ltd.
Description of business: Development and sales of content for the PC market in the U.S. and European regions
2) Reason for business combination
We believe that the outstanding content development capability and accumulated development expertise of Two Point Studios Ltd. will contribute to the creation of new IPs in the SEGA Group and further increase the presence of the Group in the global game market.
3) Date of business combination May 8, 2019
4) Legal structure of the business combination Purchase of shares with cash
5) Name of company after the business combination Unchanged
6) Share of voting rights acquired 100%
7) Main grounds for determining the acquiring company
This was a share acquisition for cash consideration by SEGA Games Co., Ltd., a consolidated subsidiary of the Company.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 133

Financials
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(2) Acquisition costs of the acquired company and consideration by class
Consideration for acquisition (Note)  Cash £10 million (approximately ¥1,450 million) Acquisition costs £10 million (approximately ¥1,450 million)
Note: Contingent consideration for acquisition is not included in the consideration for acquisition. Contingent consideration for acquisition has yet to be determined at this time because it is specified in the agreement that the contingent consideration for acquisition shall be paid based on the future performance of the acquired company over a certain period of time. In the event where the payment of additional consideration for acquisition is required, the Company shall adjust the acquisition costs by deeming such additional amount has been paid at the time of the acquisition, and the amount of goodwill and amortization thereof shall be revised accordingly.
 (3) Description and amounts of major relevant costs for the acquisition
Due diligence costs ¥22 million
(4) Goodwill recognized, reason for recognition, and amortization method and period
Yet to be determined as the allocation of the acquisition cost has not been completed.
(5) Amount of assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the date of the business combination
Yet to be determined.
23  SupplementalInformation Supplemental information of corporate bonds
 Company name
  Name of bond
  Issuance date
 Balance as of April 1, 2018 (Millions of yen)
  Balance as of March 31, 2019 (Millions of yen)
  Interest rate (%)
   Type
   Date of maturity
 The Company
Total
1st unsecured bonds (Publicly offered bonds)
3rd unsecured bonds (Publicly offered bonds)
3rd unsecured bonds (Private offered bonds)
4th unsecured bonds (Publicly offered bonds)
July 25, 2013
June 17, 2014
September 26, 2014
June 15, 2015
¥ 5,000
10,000
7,500
10,000
¥     — 0.73
10,000 0.52 (10,000)
2,500 0.44 (2,500)
10,000 0.57
22,500 — (12,500)
Millions of yen
Four to five years
¥—
Unsecured
Unsecured
Unsecured
Unsecured
July 25, 2018
June 17, 2019
September 26, 2019
June 15, 2020
    — — 32,500
——
 Notes: 1. The figures in parentheses of the “Balance as of March 31, 2019” represent the current portion of corporate bonds. 2. Total amount of scheduled redemption for each fiscal year within five years after March 31, 2019 is as follows:
Within one year One to two years Two to three years Three to four years
¥12,500 ¥10,000 ¥— ¥—
   134 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

Supplemental information of borrowings
Short-term loans payable
Current portion of long-term loans payable due within one year
Current portion of lease obligations
Long-term loans payable (Excluding current portion)
Lease obligations (Excluding current portion)
Other interest-bearing debt:
Accounts payable–facilities
Accounts payable–facilities (Excluding current portion)
¥    —
15,838
333
38,661
613
542
152
¥    —
13,352
365
40,334
786
92
60
54,991
—
0.8
(Note) 2
0.5
(Note) 2
1.4
0.9
—
—
—
—
2020–2024
2020–2024
—
2020–2024
—
included in the total lease
Millions of yen
Over five years
¥—
7
1
  Category
  Balance as of April 1, 2018 (Millions of yen)
   Balance as of March 31, 2019 (Millions of yen)
  Average interest rate (%)
   Repayment terms
          Total 56,143
Notes: 1. “Average interest rate” represents weighted-average interest rate over the year-end balance of loans.
2. The average interest rate on lease obligations is not listed because lease obligations are posted on the consolidated balance sheets mainly
amount.
3. The redemption schedule of long-term loans payable, lease obligations and interest-bearing debt (excluding current portion) after March
as the amount before deduction of the amount of interest 31, 2019 is summarized as follows:
    Category
Long-term loans payable
Lease obligations
Other interest-bearing debt: Accounts payable–facilities
Information of asset retirement obligations
Asset retirement obligations
24  Other
Quarterly information for the current fiscal year
(Cumulative period)
Net sales (Millions of yen)
Income (loss) before income taxes (Millions of yen)
Profit attributable to owners of parent (Millions of yen)
Net income per share (Yen)
(Accounting period)
Net income (loss) per share (Yen)
One to two years
Two to three years
Three to four years
¥10,000
133
14
Four to five years
¥17,000
117
8
  ¥13,331 ¥3
312 215
22 14
¥3,968
First three months
68,838
749
337
1.44
First quarter
1.44
¥2,237
¥1,308
¥4,897
       Category
 Balance as of April 1, 2018 (Millions of yen)
  Increase during the current period (Millions of yen)
  Decrease during the current period (Millions of yen)
   Balance as of March 31, 2019 (Millions of yen)
   First six months
171,047
10,665
6,703
28.60
Second quarter
27.16
First nine months
250,321
4,021
681
2.90
Third quarter
(25.67)
Current fiscal year
331,648
6,981
2,642
11.27
Fourth quarter
8.36
        INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 135

Financials
Independent Auditor’s Report
 136 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS

  SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS INC.
Sumitomo Fudosan Osaki Garden Tower, 1-1-1 Nishi-Shinagawa, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0033, Japan
www.segasammy.co.jp/english/
Printed in Japan
