Aim of Setting Out “Addiction” as a Theme
Society is becoming increasingly concerned about various addictions. The World Health Organization has classified “gaming disorder” as a mental disease whereby severe addiction to online games or other video games seriously affects the daily life and health of an individual. Further, the pachislot and pachinko industry needs to address addiction to playing pachinko and pachislot. Similarly, conducting an IR business in Japan will require gambling addiction countermeasures. Given this situation, negligence in taking measures risks incurring such as regulatory strengthening or brand damage that could threaten continuity of our business.
  Continuing the Moving Experience Creation Cycle (ESG)
Products and Services
Customers Society
  Countermeasures to Addiction
Countermeasures to Pachinko and Pachislot Addiction
Pachinko and pachislot have been a popular source of public entertainment in Japan for many years. However, these machines involve gambling elements and excessive addiction is seen as an important issue. Discussions regarding addic- tion began when the Society for Research on Pachinko Addiction was formed in 2003. The Recovery Support Network (RSN) was established with support from industry groups in 2006 and conducts wide-ranging problem-solving initiatives such as public outreach and telephone counseling while collaborating with public institutions. The industry is also developing Self-Declaration Program that allow customers to set limits on the amounts of money they use in machines. It is also in the process of stationing Secure Pachinko and Pachislot Advisors who provide consultation regarding addiction issues at pachinko halls across Japan. In January 2017, 14 groups from the pachislot and pachinko industry (collectively referred to as the 21st Century Pachinko and Pachislot Industry Association) released their Statement Regarding Issues Involving Pachinko and Pachislot Addiction and announced their commitment to participating in industry-wide addiction countermeasures. The association resolved to strengthen its counter- measures to addiction issue in November 2017 with an emphasis on enhancing its support for the RSN. The SEGA SAMMY Group will play a leading role in such initiatives and contribute to sound development in the industry.
 68 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
 Countermeasures to Gaming Disorder
In May 2019, the World Health Assembly of the WHO recognized excessive playing of online games and home video games that impedes a person’s everyday life as a new mental disease, referred to as “gaming disorder.” In response, preventive measures and treatment methods for gaming disorder are likely to be developed worldwide. In Japan, four game-related bodies (CESA, JOGA, MCF, and JeSU) has established a joint investigative commis- sion, which has tasked impartial outside experts to begin research.
Taking into consideration the issue of excessive game playing and excessive microtransaction payments by minors which mainly lead by Gacha system, the Entertainment Contents Business is taking measures to prevent excessive micro-transaction payments. These measures include setting upper limits on monthly micro-transaction payments for certain titles based on the use of age authentication; the establishment of in-house guidelines in conformity with the guidelines stipulated by the Computer Entertainment Supplier’s Association, which is an industry body; and prior disclosure of the probability of winning.
Launch of Joint Industry—
Academia Research on Gambling Addiction
Japan is proceeding in earnest with preparations for the introduction of integrated resorts to the country. While integrated resorts promise to invigorate the tourism industry, boost local economies, and provide other economic benefits, attendant social issues, such as the potential for an increase in gambling addicts, are a concern.
Mindful of such concerns, we have begun joint research with Kyoto University on gambling addiction. This research aims to find ways of preventing gambling addiction by identifying the precursors of dangerous levels of gambling. To this end, the project is gather- ing and analyzing the play data of players. We hope that the results of this research will shed light on the onset mechanism of gam- bling addiction, and we plan to use the results in formulating and implementing measures in Japan for the prevention of the onset, progression, and recurrence of gambling addiction. Capitalizing on our strengths in development, we are focusing efforts on the devel- opment of a system that collects all play data from casinos, which is something that is not possible in existing casino operations. By using this system in combination with the results of the aforementioned research, we aim to establish a system that detects players exhibiting early signs of addiction and prevents escalation. Further, we will conduct the operations of casino facilities in a manner that encourages players to exercise self-control and gamble responsibly. Through these measures, we aim to build a range of integrated, systematic gambling addiction countermeasures that encompasses heightening awareness and prevention through to treatment based on partnerships with medical institutions.
       INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 69