Aim of Setting Out “Response to Japan’s Super Low Birth Rate and Aging Society” as a Theme
As a super low birth rate and aging society emerges in Japan, our businesses will almost certainly see customer numbers decline from the current level. Consequently, attracting customers from a wider range of age groups is a key task for ensur- ing our continuity. Further, by leveraging entertainment to help children develop soundly and to help senior citizens to lengthen their healthy life spans, we will address social issues while creating new businesses.
Continuing the Moving Experience Creation Cycle (ESG)
Products and Services
Customers Society
   Response to Japan’s Super Low Birth Rate and Aging SocietyDarts Classes and Programming Classes for Elementary School Students
As part of its support for the development of the next generation, the SEGA SAMMY Group conducts experience programs for elementary school students. We imple- ment initiatives that promote interest in darts as a sport among a wide range of generations and foster future customers and employees.
Anticipating the introduction of compulsory programming education for ele- mentary school students by Japan’s Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, since 2016 SEGA ENTERTAINMENT Co., Ltd., has been conducting programming workshops in which students have fun while learning. In fiscal year 2019, we held SEGA Labo events mainly at shopping centers and other public facili- ties nationwide in which more than 1,500 children and their guardians participated.
Development of a Senior Citizen-Friendly Driving Simulator
In 2013, we established a new business and began developing and selling driving simulators. As of March 2019, we have delivered 260 driving simulators for use at driving schools, facilities of the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force (JGSDF), and logis- tics companies. Driving schools and the JGSDF facilities use the simulators for train- ing people hoping to acquire driving licenses, while logistics companies use the simulators for in-house training that enhances driving safety by increasing drivers’ ability to anticipate danger.
Going forward, we will use the software developed for driving simulators to hold corporate training and develop and roll out compact driving simulators for senior citizens as well as automobile driving simulators for licensing centers.
     72 SEGA SAMMY HOLDINGS
Why Social Contributions Are Important
As well as energizing society, the SEGA SAMMY Group’s businesses can have negative effects on society. We believe that providing moving experiences that outweigh these negative effects and continuing to return benefits to society is important for both business continuity and the strengthening of brand power.
  Social Contributions
Establishment of the SEGA SAMMY Culture and Arts Foundation
In contributing to society as a company that continuously creates moving experiences, the development and advancement of culture and the arts is indispensable. For this reason, we believe in the paramount importance of cultivating and sharing with society at large an array of works of art and novel ideas. Through the SEGA SAMMY Culture and Arts Foundation, we aim to enrich society by actively helping culture and the arts to flourish.
Launch of the Shichigahama-machi × SEGA SAMMY Group Regional Revitalization Project
The Group has executed a comprehensive partnership agreement on regional revitaliza- tion with Shichigahama-machi in Miyagi Prefecture. Since July 2019, our personnel have been visiting Shichigahama-machi to help plan and advance a range of projects aimed at revitalizing the region. Since directly after the Great East Japan Earthquake, we have been sending employee volunteers to the town. We have used our products and ser- vices to hold local events and conducted a variety of other support activities aimed at bringing smiles to the faces of residents of the disaster area so that they can set about reconstructing the region with a positive attitude. Through public–private sector partner- ships, we will tackle regional revitalization—one of Japan’s social issues. Accordingly, we will use our unique capabilities as a comprehensive entertainment corporate group to conduct in-depth initiatives with Shichigahama-machi.
Photo: Aichi Prefectural Art Theater Photo by Naoshi Hatori
   Main Initiative Themes
Support aimed at independent management of the town’s tourism association
Creation of an experience-type tourism industry Development of new brand products Publicizing the appeal of the fisheries industry and agriculture
Surveys and research on the feasibility of intro- ducing private-sector vitality to relocation sites Planning and development of projects for IT-enabled healthy longevity
City promotion activities and supporting activities aimed at independent management of the town
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 73