      KOMATSU REPORT
2020

 Contents
Komatsu’s Business Model
01 Management Principle
02 History of Business Reforms in Response to Changes in
the Operation Environment
04 Overview of Business
06 Special Feature 1: Business Model Characteristics
–Ever-Evolving DANTOTSU Initiatives
–Reman and Rebuild Operations
–Flexible Global Production and Procurement Systems
11 Business Segments
Komatsu’s Growth Strategies
12 Message from the President
16 Message from CFO
22 Special Feature 2: Value Creation Story
–SMARTCONSTRUCTION
–Forestry Machinery Business
28 Mid-Term Management Plan (FY2019–FY2021)
DANTOTSU Value
FORWARD Together for Sustainable Growth
Cautionary Notice regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Resolution of ESG Issues through Growth Strategies
32 Komatsu’s CSR Themes and Mid-Term
Management Plan KPIs 34 Enhancing Quality of Life
–Initiatives Based on TCFD Framework 40 Developing People
42 Growing with Society
–Social Contribution Activities 44 Corporate Governance
Corporate Profile
54 Directors and Audit & Supervisory Boad Members 58 11-Year Summary
60 Non-Financial Highlights
61 External Evaluations and Index Inclusion
62 Corporate Information
63 About KOMATSU REPORT
     This report contains predictions, plans, forecasts, and other forward-looking statements that have been judged by management to be rational based on the information available at the time of publication. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materi- ally from those predicted by such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, changes in economic conditions or product demand in major markets, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, domestic or overseas regulatory revisions, or changes to accounting standards or practices.
 Reporting Period: April 1, 2019–March 31, 2020
• This report also includes information on activities after the report- ing period in order to provide readers with the latest information.
• “FY2019” refers to the period from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020, unless otherwise noted.
Editorial Policy
KOMATSU REPORT 2020 was published for the purpose of provid- ing clear explanations for all stakeholders on Komatsu’s medium- to long-term business strategies and the virtuous cycle generated as the Company resolves environmental, social, and governance (ESG)
issues through its business. In preparation of
this report, we referenced the International
Integrated Reporting Framework released by
the International Integrated Reporting
Council and the Guidance for Integrated
Corporate Disclosure and Company-Investor
Dialogue for Collaborative Value Creation:
ESG Integration, Non-Financial Information
Disclosure, and Intangible Assets into Investment released by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry.
  
  Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 Komatsu’s Business Model
Management Principle
The cornerstone of Komatsu’s management principle is to commit ourselves to quality and reliability and maximize the total sum of trust given to us by all stakeholders and society, which it defines as corporate value. Maximizing trust requires corporate activities that are founded on social responsibility along with efforts to strengthen corporate gover- nance and enhance manufacturing competitiveness. With the addition of Komatsu Brand Management into this princi- ple, we are promoting awareness reforms that inspire all Komatsu Group employees to adopt the perspective of the customer from their standpoint in the Company as we move forward with human resource development to become a stronger company.
   Enhancing the trust placed in us by society
Further growth
    Management Policy
Management Strategy
“DANTOTSU Value – FORWARD Together for Sustainable Growth” Mid-Term Management Plan
The KOMATSU Way
Corporate Citizenship
All Stakeholders and Society
Maximizing the trust given to us by our stakeholders and society through a commitment to quality
and reliability
Mid-term Management Plan for securing sustainable growth
Defines Komatsu’s Values, basic attitudes, and patterns of behavior
1. Leadership/Top Management
2. “Monozukuri” for all employees 3. Brand Management
1. Komatsu’s Worldwide Code of Business Conduct
2. Policies, standards, and principles
3. Komatsu’s CSR Themes
Enhancing Quality of Life/Developing People/Growing with Society
Global principles and international standards
• The U.N. Global Compact
• ISO 26000
• Keidanren (Japan Business Federation) Charter of Corporate Behavior • The U.N. Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
 Is management in line with societal needs?
Always monitor
         Resolution of Needs of Society
 Society
Implementation of management principle
Contributing to society
         Distributors
Suppliers
Employees
Customers
Shareholders
Investors and Analysts
Mass media
Communities
01
  
  Komatsu’s Business Model
History of Business Reforms in Response to Changes in the Operation
 Net Sales and Demand for 7 Major Products
(Demand, Units)
600,000
450,000
300,000
150,000
0
Japan
North America
Europe
Other
China
Consolidated
    1970s United States Era
1980s Japan and Western Europe Era
Japanese, U.S., and European Markets
  1960 1961 1962 1963 1964 1965 1966 1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000
    Competition with Foreign Companies Expansion of Exports Expansion of Overseas Production Diversification
1990s Maturity of
   Chapter 1 1960s
Era of Competition with Foreign Companies in the Domestic Market Prioritization of Quality, Exhaustive Product Research on Rival Bulldozers
Trade deregulation prompted world-leading manufac- turers of construction equipment, Caterpillar Tractor Co. to enter into the Japanese market. Komatsu thus found itself faced with a pressing need to improve the quality of its products. The Company therefore commenced quality control measures and launched a Companywide quality control program. We also kicked off an exhaustive product research campaign targeting the bulldozers of our rivals. These efforts culminated in the September 1963 launch of the Model D50A-11 Super Bulldozer. At this time, we also doubled our warranty period, effectively cutting complaints to one-third.
Chapter 2 1970s
Era of Growing Exports
Improvement of Durability and Reliability, Establishment of Sales Systems in European and U.S. Markets
As it began a full-fledged expansion into global mar- kets, it became necessary for Komatsu to bring the performance and functionality of its large-sized bull- dozers, a mainstay product at the time, up to world- leading levels. To this end, we rolled out campaigns to earn greater levels of reliability based on perfor- mance data from the markets we served. These campaigns were advanced side-by-side with efforts to improve systems in areas spanning from develop- ment to sales and services. The result was improved reliability in the European and U.S. markets for major products and the reinforcement of the foundations of our export platforms.
Hydraulic Power Excavator 15H-1
Chapter 3 1980s–1990s
Expansion of Overseas Production and Diversification
3G Management Strategy
In the 1980s, Komatsu accelerated local production in
overseas markets in conjunction with the growth of demand in these markets. However, from the 1990s, demand grew stagnant in the Japanese, European, and U.S. markets as these markets matured in the latter half of the decade. In preparation for the inevi- table intensification of global competitiveness, Komatsu enacted its 3G (Global, Growth, Groupwide) management strategy in which it sought to become a global group with a solid manufacturing base that was resilient to fluctuations in construction equip- ment demand. This strategy led us to diversify our business by expanding operations in electronics and other non-construction equipment businesses.
Silicon wafers produced by Komatsu Electronic Metals Co., Ltd.
   02
Bulldozer D50A-11
        
  Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
Environment
 net sales (right scale)
 2000s (2002~) Era of Resource-Rich and Emerging Countries
(Net sales, Billions of yen)
3,000
2,250
1,500
750
0
                  2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Selective Focus and Global Consolidated Management (DANTOTSU Product DANTOTSU Service DANTOTSU Solution)
 Chapter 7 2019~
DANTOTSU Value
Realization of the safe, highly productive, smart, and clean workplaces of the future
DigitalTransformation of Entire Construction Workplaces
      Chapter 4 2001~
1st Structural Reforms
Selective Focus and Introduction of DANTOTSU Products
Komatsu enacted its 1st structural reforms in response to the stagnant construction equipment demand in the maturing Japanese, European, and U.S. markets, the struggling performance of its elec- tronics business, and its first operating loss (in FY2001), which was incurred as a result of the Company’s high-cost, low-profit model that was ori- ented toward growth. These reforms were enacted based on the policies of separation of costs from growth, enhancing strengths and improving weak- nesses. Guided by these policies, we pursued fixed cost reductions, the strengthening of our position in Asia, and the development of DANTOTSU Products.
Announcement ceremony for MR-2 Series, the first DANTOTSU Product
Chapter 5 2007~
2nd Structural Reforms
Promotion of Global Cross-Sourcing
Through these reforms, we promoted global cross- sourcing to reform our value chain through the optimiza- tion of the production, sales, and inventory areas of the supply chain. We were thereby able to respond to fluctu- ations in demand and foreign exchange rate fluctuations while minimizing investment. Furthermore, KOMTRAX (Komatsu Machine Tracking System), which had become standard equipment at the beginning of the 2000s, was utilized to propose methods of supporting fuel-efficiency operation and reducing maintenance costs as we accel- erated the bolstering of services powered by information and communication technologies (ICT).
KOMTRAX (Komatsu Machine Tracking System)
Chapter 6 2013~
Innovation and Reinforcement of Mining Equipment Business Introduction of DANTOTSU Solutions
In its mining equipment business, Komatsu’s Autonomous Haulage System (AHS) has received high praise for its safety and productivity, and more than 100 AHS units have come to be in operation as mining businesses have grown. Also, we acquired Joy Global Inc. (currently, Komatsu Mining Corp.) in 2017, thereby strengthening our operations in the area of super-large surface and underground mining equipment, an area in which Komatsu previously lacked offerings.
In the construction equipment business, mean- while, we were pursuing growth through innovation via such means as introducing the SMARTCONSTRUCTION ICT workplace solution as a DANTOTSU Solution.
Komatsu Mining Corp. rope shovel and Komatsu super-large dump truck
   03
    
 Komatsu’s Business Model
Overview of Business
In the pursuit of sustainable growth, companies are expected to build robust yet flexible earnings structures that respond to changes in the operating environment while addressing the increasingly more important ESG issues. With the strength of the manufacturing platform it has forged over the years, Komatsu will respond to social needs by linking customers, distributors, partners, and communities and all Komatsu workplaces through its DANTOTSU excellence.
    Major Inputs
Production / Logistics
Komatsu production bases: 85* Parts distribution bases: 45*
* As of April 1, 2020
Capital investment
¥86.5 billion
Intellectual Properties
Development bases:
Nine mother plants and Asia Development Center R&D expenses: ¥74.7 billion
(3.1% of net sales) Utilization of information:
Equipment with KOMTRAX: Approx. 600,000 units
Human Resources
Number of consolidated employees:
62,823
Partners
Machine population over past 10 years:
Approx. 580,000 units*
* Estimate of construction equipment operational
at customer workplaces based on aggregate 10-year sales volumes
Sales and service distributors: 210 distributors in 148 countries (construction, mining and utility equipment business)
Suppliers: Approx. 2,700 Shareholders: 230,041
Environment
Energy use: 8.1 PJ
Including renewable energy use: 259 TJ Note: 1 PJ (petajoule) = 1015 J (joules);
1 TJ (terajoule) = 1012 J
Water use: 3.6 million m3 Steel (iron) use: 846,000 tons
¥ Finance
Consolidated net sales: ¥2,444.8 billion Operating income: ¥250.7 billion
Free cash flow: ¥104.2 billion
Total assets: ¥3,653.6 billion
Note: Amounts are either for FY2019 or as of March 31, 2020 , unless otherwise noted.
                 04
Research and Development
   • In-house development and production of key components underpinning product performance (engines, hydraulic components, power trains, etc.)
• Accelerated technological innova- tion achieved by merging core Komatsu technologies with external insight (Open innovation)
• Digital transformation P.22
• Product development systems tailored to global market needs
• Collaboration with suppliers (Midori-kai) enabling the following:
P.43
1. “Monozukuri” (improvement of product quality, reliability, and competitiveness)
2. Stable supply of high-quality materials
• Linking plants (visualization) utilizing ICT
• Cross-sourcing: Flexible global production and procurement systems that are resilient to demand and foreign exchange fluctuations P.10
• Mother plants structure enabling: Improvement of QCD (Quality, Cost, Delivery)
• Skill transfer and TQM (Total Quality Management)
                Enhancing Quality of Life
—Providing Products Required by Society—
Developing People
Growing with Society
Responsible Corporate Behavior
Procurement and Production
 Climate change impacts—Total CO2 emissions: 22,529,000 tons
 Business Activities and Strengths (Construction and mining equipment operations) Initiatives for Resolving ESG Issues

Operations at Customer Workplaces
Product Cycles
         • Global supply of high-quality used equipment, etc.
• Remanufacturing and rebuilding*
P.9
* Systems for selling used engines, transmissions, and other components that have been repaired to be of the same quality as new products
   CO2 emissions from product use: 19,236,000 tons (85.4% of total)
        Products
• DANTOTSU Product Unrivaled prod- ucts in terms of environment, safety, ICT capacities, and productivity P.6
• Full lineup of construction and mining equipment
• Product creation focused on quality and reliability
Services
• Enhancement of mainte- nance contract services P.7
• Improvement of QCD (Quality, Cost, Delivery) achieved through close alignment of sales forecasts and production of spare parts
Construction equipment
• Utilization of information acquired through KOMTRAX
P.7
Mining equipment
• Utilization of information acquired through KOMTRAX Plus
• Detailed support from directly owned distributors
Solutions
Construction equipment
• SMARTCONSTRUCTION
P.24
Mining equipment
• Autonomous Haulage System
P.8
• Brand management
                    • Global distributor network • Cultivation of distributor personnel
  Targets for FY2021
Accomplishment of targets of
Mid-Term Management Plan
“DANTOTSU Value – FORWARD Together for Sustainable Growth”
P.28-P.31
Building foundations for 100th anniversary and beyond
            P.32-P.53
     The KOMATSU Way P.41
  Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
  05

 Komatsu’s Business Model
Special Feature 1: Business Model Characteristics
01
DANTOTSU has been a keyword in Komatsu’s business strategies throughout the 2000s.
In Japanese, this word expresses a level of excellence that is a cut above that of rivals, and this word rings with the
same degree of strength found in Komatsu’s mainstay construction equipment.
At Komatsu, we are accelerating initiatives pertaining to DANTOTSU Product, DANTOTSU Service, and DANTOTSU
Solution while enhancing and evolving these initiatives to realize DANTOTSU Value (a positive cycle of resolving ESG issues and improving earnings through the creation of value for customers).
 DANTOTSU Product
Case Examples
Pursuit of New Heights of Quality and Value
Komatsu refers to products with features in safety, environmental friendliness, ICT, and productivity to which no competitors can catch up with in the next several years as DANTOTSU products.
By taking the technological advantage of in-house development and production of key components and through seamless coordination between development, production, and suppliers in product development, we have been able to introduce the world to numerous industry-leading products. Today, we are developing auto- mation, autonomous, electric, and remote-control technologies to create next-generation DANTOTSU products that contribute to the realization of the safe, highly productive, smart and clean workplaces of the future.
DANTOTSU Product
Enhancement and Acceleration of Initiatives Pertaining to Three DANTOTSUs
Ever-Evolving
DANTOTSU Initiatives Realization of DANTOTSU Value
      Environment
ICT-Intensive Models ICT (2013)
The world was introduced to Komatsu’s
first ICT-intensive model, an ICT-
intensive bulldozer, in 2013. This was the
first piece of equipment in the world to
feature automated blade control for pro-
cesses ranging from rough dozing to
finish grading. Meanwhile, our first ICT-
intensive hydraulic excavator was launched in 2014. The bucket teeth of this excavator are automatically maneuvered along the target surface to enable the operator to continue excavating with- out worrying about overcutting.
 06
Hybrid Hydraulic
Excavators
(2008)
Komatsu launched the first
hybrid hydraulic excavator for
market sale in 2008. By equip-
ping these excavators with pro-
prietarily developed systems,
we have succeeded in achieving reductions in CO2 emissions and fuel consumption of more than 20%. In 2016, we began expanding our lineup of 30-ton class models to complement the existing 20-ton class models. To date, an aggregate of approximately 5,000 Komatsu hybrid hydraulic excavators have been sold in 40 countries worldwide.
        Electric Mini Excavators
(2020)
Environment
Human Detection & Collision Mitigation System
(2019)
Our proprietary KomVision
Human Detection & Collision Mitigation System was intro- duced into the Japanese market in December 2019 as a standard feature on hydraulic excavators, an industry first.
Safety
 Rentals of electric mini excavators
were commenced in April 2020.
These excavators feature excavat-
ing capacity equivalent to that of
engine-powered excavators cou-
pled with zero emissions and
greatly reduced noise pollution.
Anticipated to be used for indoor
and nighttime construction, we will work to popularize and expand use of these excavators, which are friendly both toward the environ- ment and people.
When the system detects
a person while driving or turning, it will stop the equipment to con- tribute to reduced accidents from collisions with people.
   
 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
DANTOTSU Solution
07
DANTOTSU Service
Case Examples
DANTOTSU Service
Visualization of Operating Status and Reduction of Lifecycle Costs
Komatsu develops a value chain business in which it pursues reduction of lifecycle costs by means of the visualization of machine operations and multifaceted customer support that begin when new equipment is delivered and continue through to machine maintenance, parts supply, over- hauls, and finally trade-ins of used equipment.
   ICT-Powered Lifecycle Support
Business Model Encompassing Everything from New Equipment Sales toTrade-Ins of Used Equipment
Komatsu installs the KOMTRAX (Komatsu Machine Tracking System) remote management system on its products as a standard feature. This system tracks information on equipment condition and operating status along with other metrics. By using this information to propose measures for supporting fuel-efficient operation and reducing maintenance costs, we are able to help customers increase the operating ratios and lower the maintenance costs of their equipment.
In addition, we are enhancing the extended warranty programs we offer on a global basis. Through these pro- grams, we aim to raise the rate of equipment for which we continue to provide services and offer ongoing support to customers by encouraging them to use genuine parts to keep their equipment in top condition and offering trade-ins that realize high resale prices when they no longer need a piece of equipment.
Moreover, we are planning the launch of a next-generation KOMTRAX system. This system will make greater contributions to improvements in customer productivity by enabling them to acquire the data they desire via smart- phone applications.
Start of value chain business
First-step in process of building long-term relationships
 Comprehensive Lifecycle Support Leveraging Komatsu Group’s Collective Strength to Enhance Customer Relationships
  New Equipment Sales
   Used Equipment Sale
Realization of high resale prices by maintaining equip- ment in top condition
Repairs / Maintenance
Service Contracts
Extended warranty programs for maintaining condition of equipment
Rental / Lease
Rental of high-quality equipment
      Monitoring of equipment condition data through KOMTRAX
 Operational Support
Support for improving customer pro- ductivity using KOMTRAX data
   
  Komatsu’s Business Model
Special Feature 1:
Business Model Characteristics
DANTOTSU Product
DANTOTSU Service
DANTOTSU Solution
Case Examples
DANTOTSU Solution
Workplace Solutions Provided Using ICT
Komatsu utilizes cutting-edge ICT to facilitate the visualization of construction by compiling data on all people, equipment, and materials at workplaces. We thereby aim to help improve the safety of customer workplaces, shorten construction periods, minimize costs, and other- wise optimize construction. This is the DANTOTSU Solution Komatsu aspires to deliver.
By promoting digital transformations in construction, we aim to create the safe, highly pro- ductive, smart and clean workplaces of the future together with customers.
   World-First Autonomous Haulage System Launched in 2008
Safe, Efficient, and Coordinated Operation Achieved through Fleet Management System
In FY2019, we worked toward our goal of deploying 41 units of our latest model of super-large dump trucks, which can be retrofitted with the Autonomous Haulage System (AHS) to be operated autonomously, in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. At Northern Brazil’s Carajás iron ore mine, which is one of the largest in the world, in addition to taking steps to deploy 37 of the super-large dump trucks and introduce AHS, we opened Komatsu’s first “AHS Training Center” in the vicinity of the Carajás mine and promoted activities to provide training over a wide area of northern Brazil in relation to AHS operations and maintenance. Since its commercial launch in 2008, a total of 221 AHS-equipped vehicles have been deployed in Australia, North America, and South America (as of March 31, 2020).
Acquisition of Mine OperatorTraining Company
Contributions to Safe and Productive Mine Operations
In July 2019, the Company acquired Immersive Corporation Pty Ltd, a mine operator training company.
Immersive develops, manufactures, and sells mining equipment simulators for training machine operators for surface and underground mines. Immersive also offers educational programs using simulators and provides train- ing solutions by proposing improvements.
The inclusion of Immersive’s solutions into our lineup has made us even better poised to contribute to the improvement of safety and productivity and the optimiza- tion of operations at customer mines.
     08
 
  Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 02
Global Component Recycling
Reman and Rebuild Operations
Reuse and Recycling Business Made Possible by In-House Development and Production of Key Components
Komatsu Group develops global remanufacturing (“Reman”) operations in which it restores the engine and transmission components collected during regular replacements to the same status as if they were new so that these products can once again be sold on the market. Restoring these products entails a process with various steps including disassembly, wash- ing, parts replacement, reassembly, painting, and shipping inspections.The restoration of components through Reman operations has the following benefits for customers.
Reman operations are a strength of Komatsu made possible by in-house development and production of key components.
Rebuild operations involve replacing perishable parts inside components with new parts whereas Reman operations involve recycling and reusing perishable parts to contribute to greater resource conservation and waste reduction amounts.
Case Examples
 • Guaranteed quality and performance on a level with new products
• Lower prices than new products
• Shorter equipment downtimes through supply of appropriately stocked Reman components
• Resource conservation and waste reduction through component reuse and recycling
  Two Global Bases
To provide customers worldwide with Reman components, Komatsu has established two global bases, one in Indonesia and one in Chile. The base in Indonesia handles engine, transmission, and hydraulic cylin- ders for large-sized construction equipment while the base in Chile is responsible for components for electric dump trucks. Components that have been collected from around the world and restored are then stocked at the global bases to be shipped to locations across the globe as necessitated by demand. In addition, Komatsu has 13 regional Reman and rebuild bases around the world.
Sharing of Reman Techniques through Network to Facilitate Quality Improvements and Development
Our Reman bases are linked through a network that allows for informa- tion on the necessary Reman techniques to be shared on a global basis. In addition, the restoration history of Reman components is managed via IC tags and 2D-barcode to track information on component durability and allow for important information for developing components with optimal lifespans to be fed back into the development process.
      09
 
  Komatsu’s Business Model
Flexible Global Production and Procurement Systems
That Are Resilient to Demand and Foreign Exchange Fluctuations and Responsive to Wide-Ranging Market Changes through Global Cross-Sourcing
Special Feature 1: Business Model Characteristics
03
 Characteristic 1: Global Cross-Sourcing
 Komatsu has positioned assembly factories in the major markets it supplies and produces the same models at multiple facto- ries. This system enables the Company to practice cross-sourcing while manufacturing products in the optimal locations with consideration for demand and foreign exchange fluctuations as well as the need to evenly distribute production load. Komatsu also has global cross-sourcing systems in place for part procurement. In this manner, we have made it possible to maintain supply chains no matter how markets may change.
Mid-Sized Hydraulic Excavator Cross-Sourcing
Produced in
nine countries
Japan, United States, United Kingdom, Brazil, China, Thailand, Indonesia, Russia, India
   Benefits
1. Responsiveness to foreign exchange fluctuations
2. Responsiveness to production fluctuations
3. Reduced costs
4. Effective utilization of
production capacity
5. Minimized investment
Necessary Conditions
1. Base equipment standardization
2. Production management system standardization
3. Production and design bill of materials standardization
4. Manufacturing process and quality requirement standardization
                                                                 10
Characteristic 2: Balanced Development of Global Operations
Komatsu establishes worldwide sales and services systems and utilizes the strength of its flexible production and procurement systems to develop its global operations while maintaining close ties with customers and local communities.
FY2019 Construction, Mining and Utility Equipment Business Sales (to Outside Customers) by Region
 Strategic Markets
Traditional Markets
  50%
50%
  Latin America
CIS China
Asia
Oceania
Middle East
Africa
¥309.2 billion
¥127.4 billion ¥127.0 billion
¥205.7 billion
¥203.3 billion
¥30.6 billion
¥98.2 billion
FY2019
¥ 2,205.9 billion
Japan
North America Europe
¥310.8 billion
¥573.5 billion ¥219.7 billion
  
     Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 Komatsu’s Business Model
Business Segments
Consolidated Net Sales
Operating Income / Operating Income Ratio
Net Income Attributable to Komatsu Ltd. / Return on Equity
2,725.2
FY2018
397.8
14.6%
¥250.7 billion
256.4
  2,501.1
FY2017
¥2,444.8 billion
FY2019
196.4
    268.5
10.7%
FY2017 FY2018
10.3%
FY2019
14.7% 12.1%
FY2017 FY2018
¥153.8 billion
8.6% FY2019
         Construction, Mining,
and Utility Equipment Business
¥ 2,205.9 billion
FY2019 Consolidated Net Sales
¥ 2,444.8 billion
  Komatsu supplies a wide range of products, services, and solutions including construction and mining equipment for use in construction and mining workplaces around the world as well as forklift trucks, forest machines, recycling equipment, and tunneling machines. We have established a posi- tion as the international leader in the construction and mining equipment field by delivering unrivaled quality and technological innovation together with this full lineup.
Retail Finance
¥ 62.9 billion
Komatsu conducts a retail finance business aimed at helping reduce customers’ funding burdens and otherwise assisting in the purchase of its products. Our strengths in this field include the prevention of overdue debt through effective utilization of KOMTRAX (location information, operating status information, engine locks, etc.) technologies, swift credit screening, and competitive financing condi- tions. These strengths have enabled us to build long-term relationships with customers.
Industrial Machinery and Others ¥ 175.9 billion
The industrial machinery and others business stands alongside the construction, mining, and utility equipment business as a core business of Komatsu. Offerings in this business include the large presses used to mold automobile hoods and side panels as well as sheet-metal machines, machine tools, and light sources for semiconductor lithography systems (excimer lasers). In this business, we also contribute to the business activities of various customers through production of specialty equipment for Japan’s Ministry of Defense.
Dump truck
     Large press
11
 
  Komatsu’s Growth Strategies
Message from the President
At Komatsu, we aim to reach new,
unrivaled heights of excellence in our products, services, and solutions and generate DANTOTSU Value, by which we refer to a positive cycle of resolving ESG issues and improving earnings through the creation of value for customers.This is the approach we will take toward pursuing sustainable growth with an eye to the 100th anniversary of
our founding in 2021 and beyond.
I would first like to take this opportunity to extend our sincere con- dolences and prayers to anyone who has lost loved ones to COVID- 19 or has fallen victim to this virus. I also want to express our appreciation to all of the healthcare professionals and others who are working diligently to stop the spread of this virus.
Komatsu Group is combating the global COVID-19 pandemic based on the government policies of the relevant countries, with the
Pursuit of DANTOTSU Value
Under DANTOTSU Value – FORWARD Together for Sustainable Growth, the three-year mid-term management plan covering the period from FY2019 to FY2021, we are moving forward with initia- tives based on the three pillars of our growth strategies: 1) value creation by means of innovation, 2) growth strategies based on busi- ness reforms, and 3) structural reforms for growth.
Our greatest focus is to achieve DANTOTSU Value, which is the slogan of this plan. DANTOTSU Value entails the evolution of our
health and safety of our customers, business partners, community members, employees, and their families as our top priority. Recognizing we are positioned as an essential business that sup- ports social infrastructure, and the obligation this represents to cus- tomers that are continuing their operations, we are committed to ensuring an ongoing supply of products, parts, services, and solu- tions while taking precautions against the spread of COVID-19.
prior DANTOTSU Product (advancement of products), DANTOTSU Service (advancement of machine operations), and DANTOTSU Solution (advancement of construction) initiatives. Through these efforts, we aim to generate a positive cycle of resolving environmen- tal, social, and governance (ESG) issues and improving earnings through the creation of value for customers. We thereby look to build the safe, highly productive, smart, and clean workplaces of the future together with customers.
  Steady Progress in Priority Initiatives Pertaining to Three Pillars of Growth Strategies
 12
We faced an opaque economic outlook in FY2019, the first year of the mid-term management plan, due to factors such as the trade friction between the United States and China and the United Kingdom’s decision to withdraw from the European Union. Amid this uncertainty, the global COVID-19 pandemic that struck in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year drove down demand in China, North America, Europe, and Asia, resulting in declines in sales and income
and making for disappointing performance for the first year of the plan. In this environment, we made steady progress in advancing key
initiatives based on the three pillars of growth strategies aimed at realizing DANTOTSU Value.
Looking first at value creation by means of innovation, we made substantial progress in developing SMARTCONSTRUCTION opera- tions. At CONEXPO-CON/AGG 2020, a tradeshow held in Las Vegas
Hiroyuki Ogawa President and Chief Executive Officer
 
  Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 in March 2020, we announced our “SMARTCONSTRUCTION Digital Transformation.” (Please see page 22) This solution comprises four new IoT devices and eight new applications that allow for digitization of entire construction and production processes (“horizontal digitiza- tion”). Through this “horizontal digitization,” which connects all con- struction processes digitally, this solution allows for worksite operations to be optimized by synchronizing the real worksite with its digital twin, thereby realizing drastic improvement in the safety, productivity, and environmental performance of the entire worksite. We have also announced our plans to introduce the “SMARTCONSTRUCTION Digital Transformation” solution into the markets of the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, and Denmark. In this manner, SMARTCONSTRUCTION, which has previously built its track record primarily in the Japanese market, is finally prepared for its global launch. With its ability to con- tribute to improved safety and productivity across construction and production processes spanning from measurement to inspection, SMARTCONSTRUCTION is a business model not found anywhere else. We therefore see substantial potential for SMARTCONSTRUCTION to be used as a tool for fostering relation- ships with customers. Furthermore, we introduced the SMARTCONSTRUCTION Retrofit Kit to the Japanese market in April 2020. This offering can be installed on conventional construction equipment to endow such equipment with the same ICT functions as ICT-intensive equipment, such as 3D machine guidance and pay- load functions. More than 98% of the equipment operating at con- struction worksites in Japan is conventional equipment without ICT functions. Accordingly, the SMARTCONSTRUCTION Retrofit Kit has the potential to quickly spread digital transformations throughout Japan’s construction industry by installing digital functions into such
conventional equipment.
Next, I would like to discuss our initiatives pertaining to growth
strategies based on business reforms. In April 2017, we acquired Joy Global Inc. (currently, Komatsu Mining Corp.). We have since been carrying out initiatives to create synergies between Komatsu and Komatsu Mining Corp. (KMC) by utilizing the management resources of both companies. A great deal of success has been generated through this approach. With a history in the mining equipment busi- ness spanning more than a century, KMC is a global manufacturer, seller, and service provider dealing in super-large surface and under- ground mining equipment, an area in which Komatsu previously lacked offerings. We had originally put forth the target of achieving synergies that accounted for more than 10% of KMC’s net sales. In FY2019, the third year since the acquisition of KMC, synergies pro- duced benefits equivalent to ¥9.0 billion when including gross profit gains and cost reduction benefits. We have therefore judged that the efforts to integrate KMC into the Group are going smoothly.
We will also expand applications of our equipment by introduc- ing the next-generation KOMTRAX construction equipment opera- tion management system, engage in preventive maintenance by applying Internet of Things (IoT) and artificial intelligence (AI) pre- diction technologies, and introduce serial number-based manage- ment. These initiatives will enable us to provide lifecycle support (lifetime warranties) for our customers’ machines, ranging from new machines to their disposal, and increase our after-sales ser- vice businesses that are resilient to fluctuations in demand.
Elsewhere, our remanufacturing operations for engines, axles, cyl- inders, and other components, are a business which we can pursue because of our ability to develop and produce key components in- house, a strength of Komatsu.These operations also constitute a
State of Progress of Focused Activity Items and Challenges from the Next Term Onward
 Three Management Strategies
    Examples of Activities
  1. Value Creation by Means of Innovation
   FY2019 achievements
 • Expanded deployments of SMARTCONSTRUCTION (cumulative number of sites in Japan now exceeds 10,000)
• Announced the provision of “SMARTCONSTRUCTION Digital Transformation,” starting from April 2020
• Announced the deployment of retrofit kits for hydraulic excavators to enable 3D construction, starting from April 2020
• Achieved a total of 221 dump truck units operating under the Autonomous Haulage System (AHS)
• Acquired Immersive Corporation Pty Ltd, an operator training company for mining customers
• Exhibited a battery-powered mini excavator at bauma 2019, and rolled it out as a rental machine for the Japanese
market
 Challenges for the Next Term and Onward
   • Expand SMARTCONSTRUCTION overseas
• Develop a new platform for mining
• Development of technology for automation, autonomous operation, electrification and remote control
  2. Growth Strategies Based on Business Reforms
   FY2019 achievements
 • Consolidation of facilities with Komatsu Mining Corp. (“KMC”)
• Launched aggregate/cement models
• Made model changes for hydraulic excavator for strategic regions
• Introduced the KomVision Human Detection & Collision Mitigation System as a standard fitment to hydraulic excavators
in the Japanese market
 Challenges for the Next Term and Onward
  • Improve the market position of the hard rock mining business
• Launch next-generation KOMTRAX
• Continue to promote value-chain reforms aimed at realizing full lifecycle support
• Reforms of the industrial machinery business (Expansion of synergy with the construction equipment business and
growth by capitalizing on core technologies)
 3. Structural Reforms for Growth
   FY2019 achievements
   • Steadily implemented cost improvement activities
• Won the Prime Minister’s Prize at the Monodzukuri Nippon Grand Awards for KOM-MICS realizing “connected plants” • Began construction on the new KMC Milwaukee plant and the new Komatsu Forest AB plant in Umeå, Sweden
   Challenges for the Next Term and Onward
  • Promote work reforms using ICT and IoT
• Promote continuous cost improvement activities
• Develop human resources with global perspective and promote diversity
     13

  Komatsu’s Growth Strategies
Message from the President
cyclical business that helps reduce waste and recycle and reuse com- ponents amid rising global environmental awareness. We therefore look to proactively strengthen our systems in this business.
Moving on to structural reforms for growth, a major initiative underway on this front is the promotion of KOM-MICS (KOMatsu Manufacturing Innovation Cloud System)—a proprietarily developed production platform. KOM-MICS makes it possible to realize improvements in manufacturing sites using IoT technologies. These improvements are achieved through equipment operating status tracking and optimization made possible by collecting and analyzing data from machine tools and robots. The use of KOM-MICS allows
for efficient production control to be realized on a global scale by linking Komatsu factories with the factories of business partners, making it possible to understand the operating status of various fac- tory equipment at a glance.
KOM-MICS won the Prime Minister’s Prize in the manufacturing and production process categories of the Eighth Monodzukuri Nippon Grand Awards. This honor was a reflection of the system’s contribu- tions to the improvement and innovation of production processes at the Company’s production sites as well as at business partners.
Issues Arising from the COVID-19 Pandemic
 The global COVID-19 pandemic is impacting Komatsu in a variety of ways. Of these impacts, I have particularly noticed the way in which the pandemic has changed our customer worksites, workstyles, and how we engage with stakeholders.
With regard to customer worksites, there is a need to take steps to avoid crowded and confined spaces and close interactions. In terms of equipment, we can therefore expect rising demand for remote, automated, and unmanned operation. On the nontangible side of operations, it is likely that the use of construction digitization and digital twin methodologies will accelerate at customer work- places. To swiftly respond to these needs, Komatsu will accelerate delivery of the “SMARTCONSTRUCTION Digital Transformation” and automation solutions in the construction equipment field, and provide solutions such as new platforms, the Autonomous Haulage System, and remote operation in the mining equipment field.
Moving on to workstyles, we had more than 90% of headquar- ters employees and over 50% of employees at indirect factory divi- sions telecommute during the period of Japan’s state of emergency declaration. Going forward, we will plan to introduce a full-fledged
telecommuting system to streamline and revise work processes with the aim of realizing highly productive workstyles to facilitate opera- tions during and after the global COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, we recognize that the change in the nature of meetings, which include embracing both web conferences and face-to-face meetings, repre- sent opportunities for Komatsu. We will capitalize on such opportuni- ties to realize further improvements in operation efficiency. We are also considering the distribution of wearable devices to employees for use in the management of their health.
Engagement with stakeholders is important to us. However, the ways of engaging are clearly changing. For example, we must be careful to avoid crowded and confined spaces and close interactions in our investor relations activities. To this end, we are examining the potential of arranging online events for institutional investors and pri- vate investors. We are also looking at the possibility of a virtual General Meeting of Shareholders, although we will have to wait until we can confirm the legality of such meetings before moving forward. We will work to achieve high levels of quality in our communication with stakeholders, even as we maintain safe physical distance.
Acceleration of Growth Strategies toward the Solution of ESG Issues
 14
Komatsu’s mid-term management plan delineates our intent to address ESG issues through growth strategies in our core business. In accordance with this intent, we have defined material ESG issues in areas in which Komatsu is poised to make particularly large contri- butions through its business. Key performance indicators have been disclosed for these issues in our integrated reports, and we have also established new ESG management targets.
I would now like to explain some of our key initiatives for addressing climate change, an area in which there is a great deal of interest from investors.
The first of our initiatives on this front is to enhance our hard rock mining businesses. Hard rock mining is the process of excavat- ing minerals other than coal, such as copper and nickel. In FY2019,
roughly 4% of the Company’s total consolidated net sales came from coking coal used in iron refining processes and approximately 10% was attributable to thermal coal, which itself is viewed as prob- lematic in terms of its contribution to CO2 emissions. We do not expect any sharp declines in thermal coal demand to be seen over the short term as it is still functioning as an important source of energy underpinning people’s daily lives in emerging countries. However, it can be anticipated that demand for thermal coal will decline gradually out of consideration for climate change and other environmental issues. Komatsu looks to counter the risk of future declines in thermal coal sales by expanding its hard rock mining busi- nesses, in which we expect to see growth going forward, while also lowering the portion of net sales accounted for by thermal coal. In

 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
  Ratio of Coal Related Sales (FY2019) Thermal coal Coking coal Iron, copper, etc.
10% 4%
Consolidated net sales:
¥2,444.8 billion
Of which, coal-related ¥357.2 billion
Non-mining equipment
Mining equipment
39%
 order to do so, we will pursue synergies through joint development with KMC while launching products with characteristics that respond to customer needs.
Our second key initiative for addressing climate change is to launch and promote fuel-efficient products with low environmental impacts. In addition to our electric mini excavators and compact battery-powered forklifts, we also look to focus on the sale of hybrid excavators. Komatsu’s hybrid excavators use our proprietary technologies to substantially reduce CO2 emissions. Approximately 5,000 such excavators are currently in operation around the world, and we are gradually building our track record with regard to this equipment. In 2019, we launched a 30-ton hybrid excavator, and this product has already come to represent more than 40% of
sales of 30-ton class excavators in Europe, a market characterized by high environmental awareness. We believe that this is a product war- ranting attention amid the recent rise in the importance of environ- mental issues.
The third of our key initiatives for addressing climate change is to expand our forest machine business. While forestry work is increas- ingly being performed by machines in Europe and the United States, it is still common for such work to be conducted using manpower in Japan and Asia. I was positioned in Indonesia over the period from 2015 to 2016. During this period, I visited customers engaged in for- estry work on several occasions. These visits made me aware of the large potential for forestry businesses, particularly in densely for- ested areas, while also giving me a strong interest in resolving the various issues faced by these businesses. Sustainable forestry busi- nesses are circular businesses in which the CO2 emitted into the atmosphere during the process of cultivating seedlings is then absorbed by trees to help mitigate climate change. Komatsu is sup- porting sustainable forestry with equipment that is capable of per- forming all processes from tree planting to harvesting grown trees, improving soil, and planting new trees. There currently exists demand for more than 10,000 forest machines on a global scale, and I therefore see the potential for consistent growth in this business going forward. Eventually, we will look to promote smart forestry by digitally linking all forestry processes through our SMARTCONSTRUCTION solution. In this manner, I hope to help address the various issues facing forestry businesses while cultivat- ing new pillars of earnings.
Milestone of 100th Anniversary and Beyond
 We will celebrate the 100th anniversary of Komatsu’s founding in 2021. However, we recognize that this milestone is just that, a checkpoint to be passed. Accordingly, we remain committed to working toward the resolution of the issues faced by society and customers through flexible management in response to changes in the external environment.
One of the assumptions in the background of the formulation of the mid-term management plan was that we cannot anticipate sig- nificant growth in demand for construction equipment over the fore- seeable future and must rather expect short-term fluctuations. As of today, demand has become highly volatile as a result of the global COVID-19 pandemic. Regardless, there will be no change to our basic approach during or after the pandemic. What will be important, however, will be the speed at which we act. Collaboration with part- ners who share our vision will be key to enhancing our products, services, and solutions. In launching the “SMARTCONSTRUCTION Digital Transformation,” we are benefiting from collaboration with 20 start-up companies and other development partners located in Japan, the United States, and Europe. In addition, we have begun
offering electric mini excavators in the Japanese rental market. We have established a roadmap for promoting the spread of electric equipment going forward, and we look to make steady progress down this path through open innovation.
Komatsu is committed to sincerely addressing the issues faced by society and thereby raising its value as a company that grows together with society. We will also proactively participate in the United Nations Global Compact, the World Business Council for Sustainable Development, the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, and other initiatives as we work to fulfill our obligations to society and the environment as a global company. I continue to thank all of our stakeholders and ask for your continued support.
Hiroyuki Ogawa
President and Chief Executive Officer
 15

  Komatsu’’sGrowthStrategiies Message from CFO
 Review of FirstYear of Mid-Term Management Plan (FY2019–FY2021)
FY2019, the first year of Komatsu’s mid-term management plan, DANTOTSU Value – FORWARD Together for Sustainable Growth, proved to be a challenging year. Factors behind this difficulty included declines in demand in strategic markets as well as the impacts of the global COVID-19 pandemic that emerged in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year. During the year, Komatsu continued to pursue sustainable increases in its corporate value by building a sound financial position and strengthening its competitiveness. We made steady progress during FY2019 in advancing key initiatives based on the three pillars of growth strategies described in the mid-term management plan. Examples of this progress included the introduction of the SMARTCONSTRUCTION solution and the launch of electric mini excavators. Faced with the current adverse operating environment, we are now pressed to demonstrate the true value of Komatsu that we have cultivated through our efforts to date.
Takeshi Horikoshi Senior Executive Officer and CFO
Financial Strategies Formulated in Response to Operating Environment Changes
To maximize growth and profits, our accounting and finance depart- ments are responsible for the roles of developing business plans, man- aging business performance, and studying indices and methods thereof, as well as setting up investment decision-making criteria and making judgment on investment projects.
At the same time, we monitor management indices pertaining to profitability, financial soundness, and asset efficiency, areas for which
we have defined management targets, in light of the volatility in demand in the construction and mining equipment business.
In regard to profitability, we strive to build a financial position capa- ble of weathering drastic market changes, and we will continue to thor- oughly control fixed costs to this end. Fixed costs have been on the rise over the past several years as a result of M&A activities. However, we have also made steady gains in efficiency through post-merger
Net Sales and Operating Income Ratio
Domestic construction, mining and utility equipment
Overseas construction, mining and utility equipment
(Billions of yen)
3,000
2,000
1,000
0
Business strategies
14.8
14.6
10.7 9.7
(%) 15.0
10.0
5.0
0.0
–5.0
–10.0
Industrial machinery and others
Retail finance
Electronics
Operating income ratio (right scale)
 12.9
12.1 12.9
12.3 12.2
11.2
  7.0
7.7
7.1
10.1
11.2
10.3
 6.5
4.2
2.1
7.5
  5.2
 3.9 3.2
4.7
 4.2
4.5
2.5 1.6
–1.3
2.3
     2.7
2.6
    1.6
1.8
0.4
     1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
   Construction equipment and industrial machinery
Diversification
3G ((G)97, (G)2000)
Selective focus (DANTOTSU Product
Move the World
DANTOTSU Service
Global Teamwork
DANTOTSU Solution)
Together We Innovate GEMBA World Wide
     Mid-Term Management Plan
Structural reforms
G to the 21st
DANTOTSU Value
  Note: Concerning the figures for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2002 and earlier, Komatsu Electronic Metals Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries and outdoor power equipment (OPE) of Komatsu Zenoah Co. and its subsidiaries engaging in the OPE business were not reclassified as discontinued operations resulting from the sale thereof.
16
1st structural reforms
2nd structural reforms
 
 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 integration of the operations of acquired companies. In FY2019, we were able to absorb the rise in expenses for increased costs stemming from investments in growth areas through reductions in general expenses. As a result, total fixed costs were relatively unchanged year on year. As for financial soundness and asset efficiency, we began work- ing to cut inventory assets in the first quarter of FY2019. These efforts saw us systematically adjusting production levels while seeking to lessen the impact on our suppliers from these efforts. As a result, inven- tories stood at ¥805.3 billion on March 31, 2020, down ¥32.2 billion from the previous fiscal year-end. However, the inventory turnover period
Growth (Fund Allocation Policy)
In order to achieve sustainable growth, we are targeting a well-balanced allo- cation of our funds to 1) investment for growth, 2) improvement of the bal- ance sheet (maintaining financial soundness), and 3) shareholder return.
In FY2019, net cash used in investing activities totaled ¥190.9 billion, an amount equivalent to roughly 65% of the net cash provided by operat- ing activities of ¥295.1 billion. One specific target of investments was the acquisition of mining- and forestry-related companies for the purpose of fueling future growth. Meanwhile, we accumulated cash and deposits to ensure our future ability to meeting funding demands in light of the global COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, interest-bearing debt on March 31, 2020 rose to ¥1,012.3 billion, up ¥81.6 billion from a year earlier, while the net debt-to-equity ratio was 0.43 times, unchanged from the previous fiscal year-end. As for shareholder returns, we adhered to the consolidated payout ratio target announced together with our financial results for the six months ended September 30, 2019, issuing returns that made for a ratio of 57.7%, regardless of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Response to the COVID-19 Pandemic
Even prior to the global COVID-19 pandemic, Komatsu has been prac- ticing global cross-sourcing and procurement for equipment bodies and parts. The goal of these efforts has been to absorb the impacts of demand and foreign exchange rate fluctuations. After the COVID-19 pandemic struck, these prior efforts enabled us to minimize the impacts on production by procuring the necessary articles from alter- native sources and reallocating inventories. As a result, no issues have been faced with regard to our supply chain as of this point in time. We also are providing support as needed by distributors and suppliers suf- fering in this challenging environment. This support includes offering
remains slightly above our ideal level, due in part to the impacts of the global COVID-19 pandemic. There is thus a need to further shorten this period as we move toward the end of FY2020.
When selecting fund procurement sources, we aspired to secure funding reliability by considering factors such as source diversification and continuity along with procurement costs. Komatsu also issued its first green bond in July 2020. Through these bonds, we hope to spread awareness regarding Komatsu’s efforts to address environmental issues while also expanding our investor base.
There is currently no clear end in sight for the global COVID-19 pan- demic. Accordingly, we must continue to take a flexible approach in respond- ing to the massive changes seen in the operating environment while setting priorities based on cost-benefit analyses and assessments of strategic value. By advancing key initiatives based on our three pillars of growth strategies through this approach, Komatsu will target sustainable growth.
  • Sales growth rate
• Operating income ratio • ROI
ROE
Investment
(Growth strategies)
  Improvement of the balance sheet
(Maintaining financial soundness)
Shareholder return
• Consolidated payout ratio
• Net debt-to-equity ratio
 payment moratoriums to and purchasing the inventories of these dis- tributors and suppliers.
Moreover, we have taken a number of steps to ensure sufficient liquidity to meet funding needs in this challenging environment. In addition to accumulating cash and deposits, we have concluded new commitment line agreements, namely a yen-denominated line in the amount of ¥300.0 billion and a U.S. dollar-denominated line in the amount of USD1.3 billion. The funds procured through these commit- ment lines can be distributed to other countries through the Group’s global cash management system.
 Issuance of Green Bonds
In July 2020, Komatsu issued its first green bonds, unsecured straight bonds. Komatsu plans to use the proceeds from these green
bonds to research and develop, promote, and popularize its products, such as hybrid hydraulic excavators and electric construction
equipment; fuel-efficient operation support services utilizing offerings like KOMTRAX (Komatsu Machine Tracking System); and SMARTCONSTRUCTION and other ICT-intensive construction equipment. With these products, we will aim to contribute to reduced CO2 emissions from product use. Komatsu also plans to use these proceeds for capital investment in facilities and equipment that help reduce CO2 emissions in manufacturing and increase the ratio of renewable energy use.
In this manner, the issuance of green bonds has enabled for the diversification of procurement sources and the expansion of our investment base while also supporting the accomplishment of targets set for environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors in the mid-term management plan. Going for- ward, the proactive and ongoing issuance of such bonds will be positioned as an ESG initiative to be advanced by our accounting and finance departments.
17
TOPICS
 
  Komatsu’’sGrowthStrategiies Message from CFO
Profitability
Operating Income Ratio
As the industry leader, it is important for Komatsu to maintain and increase sales prices while pursuing ongoing reductions in cost of sales and fixed costs. The operating income ratio is an index that comprehensively reflects our success in these tasks and is therefore an important indicator for evaluating this success. In the mid-term management plan, we have set the target of maintaining an indus- try’s top-level operating income ratio. In FY2019, operating income came to 10.3%. This outcome was largely due to the heavy impacts of reduced sales volume, as partially affected by the global COVID- 19 pandemic, a change in the geographic composition of sales, and adverse effects of the Japanese yen’s appreciation. These
Fixed Costs
(Billions of yen) 600
300
0
Note: Amounts for performance from FY2009–FY2019 have been translated based on the foreign exchange rates in the projection for FY2019 performance (JPY108.7 = USD1, etc.).
 unfavorable circumstances outweighed the benefits of our efforts to increase selling prices and absorb the rises in fixed expenses attrib- utable to investment in growth areas.
Cost Control
While making investments in growth areas, we have taken exhaus- tive steps to reduce cost of sales and fixed costs, thereby working to secure profitability (separation of costs from growth). In FY2019, we pursued steady decreases in cost of sales while also cutting general and other standard fixed costs. Meanwhile, efforts were made to limit fix costs associated with investments in growth areas by assessing and prioritizing investments based on strategic value.
Acquisition of Joy Global Inc.
             2009 2010
2011 2012 2013
2014 2015
2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Decision-Making of Investment
Concerning specific investment projects, we make careful decisions after considering strategic value and payback periods in our Strategy Review Committee and Steering Committee meetings. Based on these efforts, we are working to achieve growth and improve profit-
Investments in Production Facilities and Others and Depreciation
ability above the industry’s average. As for key initiatives currently underway, we will be sure to collect the returns on our investments after the initiatives have been completed to fuel ongoing growth.
 (Billions of yen)
150 100 50
55.3
51.8 48.7 49.9 79.8
52.6
56.8
60.1
56.5
57.7
67.6
56.4
86.5
(Billions of yen)
60 40 20
Construction, mining, and utility equipment Depreciation (right scale)
Industrial machinery and others
    63.9 54.5 63.9
50.2
43.6
67.8 66.1
49.2
52.7
 00
 2009 2010 2011
Note: Excludes investments in rental assets
2012 2013 2014
Construction, mining, and utility equipment
2015 2016
Industrial machinery and others
3.8 3.9
2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Ratio of R&D expenses to net sales (right scale)
R&D Expenses
(Billions of yen)
100 3.2
46.4
0 –4.0
2.7 2.8 3.2
3.3 3.6
2.9
73.6 73.4
(%)
3.1 4.0 74.7
   49.0 54.8
60.8
64.4
70.7 70.7
70.5
     50 0
2.7
  18
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
 
 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 Efficiency
ROE (return on equity) is a general index, covering profitability, asset efficiency, and financial leverage. Thus, we monitor it as one of our management indices while continuously keeping close attention to cost of shareholders’ equity.
We estimate that our cost of equity is around 8% on a global basis. Thus, we have set an ROE of 10% or higher as the manage- ment target. To expand equity spread (ROE – cost of shareholders’ equity), we will work to both improve ROE and reduce cost of share- holders’ equity.
To promote improvement of ROE, we will work to improve
ROE Profitability
Efficiency
profitability by giving weight to growth. Concerning asset efficiency, we apply ROIC (return on invested capital) to internal control. To con- trol working capital appropriately in response to the volatility of market demand, we periodically monitor the cash conversion cycle of working capital through ROIC, for which invested capital in the ROIC formula is defined by the corresponding working capital plus tangible fixed assets. We recognize that improving asset efficiency is a task that we will need to emphasize over the foreseeable future, and we intend to ramp up efforts to curtail inventory assets to this end going forward.
 ROE
(%) 20.0
15.0
10.0
5.0
0
17.2 17.3
  Separation of costs from growth
 Thorough control of fixed costs
 Fixed assets: Assessment of investment
 Outstanding days of working capital (overdue receivables and slow-moving inventory)
 To set up the guidelines for financial indexes which subsidiaries should achieve
 To optimize funding on a consolidated basis
 To manage net debt-to-equity ratio by considering business characteristics
       11.5
12.4
10.6
14.7 12.1
8.6
2019 (FY)
 9.0
7.3
  Financial leverage
Cross-Shareholdings
On March 31, 2009, Komatsu held shares of stock in 34 listed com- panies in the form of cross-shareholdings. Since then, we have pro- ceeded to curtail such shareholdings while confirming those holdings that we continued to hold offered quantitative and qualita- tive benefits that exceeded the associated cost of shareholders’ equity. As a result, these holdings had been decreased to five com- panies on March 31, 2017. It was during this period that the Tokyo Stock Exchange enacted Japan’s Corporate Governance Code in 2015. In response to this code, Komatsu put forth a policy of not owning stocks of listed companies, unless they are necessary due
to business relations or collaboration with the Company, for the pur- pose of avoiding the risk of stock price fluctuation as well as ensur- ing the efficiency of assets.
Later, a revision to U.S. GAAP standards prompted the Company to adjust profit figures to reflect gains and losses on valuation of marketable securities from FY2018. It was judged that the remaining five holdings, in general, offered satisfactory quantitative benefits. However, it was decided to sell all of these holdings through a reevaluation of the relations between the Company and the invest- ees and the potential impacts of stock price fluctuations on profits. All of these holdings were sold as of December 2017.
40 30 20 10
0
34 33
2008 2009
19
Cross-Shareholdings (Non-Consolidated)
(Number of holdings)
15
12
2012
11
9
4.1
 2009 2010 2011
2012 2013
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
    7
5
0
2017 (FY) (March 31, 2018)
  2010 2011
2013 2014
2015 2016
19

  Komatsu’s Growth Strategies
Message from CFO
Financial Position
Monitoring of Net Debt-to-Equity Ratio
We believe it is important to maintain a sound financial position in order for us to achieve sustainable growth while being free from
Interest-Bearing Debt and Net Debt-to-Equity Ratio
changes in market demand. Taking into account the business charac-
 (Billions of yen)
excl. Retail finance business Retail finance business Net debt-to-equity ratio (consolidated) (right scale)
2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
0.60
2009
0.50
2010
0.56
2011
0.49
2012
0.37
2013
0.32
2014
0.23 0.18
2015 2016
0.40
2017
0.43
2018
0.43
2019 (FY)
(Times)
0.9 0.6 0.3 0 –0.3
・リテールファイナンス事業以外:3,643 億円
teristics of retail finance and future investment opportunities, we
・リテールファイナンス事業:6,480 億円
monitor net debt-to-equity ratio as an index of soundness.
・ネット D/E レシオ:0.43
      Optimization of Funding on a Consolidated Basis
Furthermore, a global CMS has been established to link all regional headquarter companies, including the company in Japan. Through this system, we practice efficient funding on a consolidated basis to complement the funding sources used in each region under normal circumstances. In addition, we have established new yen- and U.S. dollar-denominated commitment lines through which the procured funds can to be supplied to different regions to function as a safety net for times of emergency.
profitability and financial conditions. This segment is also responsible for promoting sales our products. From this perspective, we are focused on generating synergies in this segment through measures such as financing forest machines, a key initiative of the mid-term management plan, in addition to financing mainstay construction and mining equipment.
Risk management is now more important than ever given that it is currently unclear when the global COVID-19 pandemic will end. We have received requests for payment moratoriums from certain customers and distributors as a result of the pandemic, and we are responding to these requests while confirming factors such as past histories of overdue payments.
To optimize funding on a group-wide basis and reduce foreign exchange risks by matching assets and liabilities in each currency, we have built a funding system by region and maintain the policy of local funding. Equipped with a local funding function, each regional headquarter company advances funds to Komatsu Group companies regardless of business segment in the corresponding region mainly through the cash management system (CMS) for the region.
Retail Finance Business
Role of the Retail Finance Business
Our retail finance business, which handles financial products to help customers purchase our products, was separated into an indepen- dent business segment in FY2016. This segment is pursuing its own segment-specific management targets (1.5%–2.0% for ROA and 5 or under for net debt-to-equity ratio) to ensure transparency of
Risk Management of the Retail Finance Business
In an effort to reduce risks in the retail finance business, we diver- sify portfolios and match the currencies, interest rates, and periods of lending and funding. In addition, we also work to safekeep our credits by taking advantage of our strengths, for example, by using KOMTRAX, installed in our construction equipment as a standard feature, for credit management (monitoring the location and operat- ing conditions of construction equipment).
 20
 
 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 Total Assets and ROA of Retail Finance Business
Japan
2.4
North America
2.0
Europe
China
Oceania
2.2
Others
ROA (right scale)
(%) 3.5
3.0 2.5 2.0 1.5 1.0 0.5
(Billions of yen) 900
600
300
2.9
  2.5
2.5
    0.9
2.0
 00
 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013
Shareholder Return
Concerning cash dividends, we have the policy of continuing stable payment of dividends after comprehensively considering consoli- dated business results and reviewing future investment plans, cash flows, and the like. Specifically, we have the policy of maintaining a consolidated payout ratio of 40% or higher. In FY2019, we issued dividend payments of ¥94 per share, a decrease of ¥16 per share
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
from FY2018, out of reflection of performance in this fiscal year as well as the future business outlook. These payments made for a consolidated payout ratio of 57.7%, an increase of 17.2 percentage points year on year.
Concerning stock buybacks, we plan to do so timely and flexibly in response to market and financial conditions.
 Cash Flows
(Billions of yen)
400 200 0 –200 –400
Net cash provided by operating activities
Net cash used in investing activities
Free cash flow
104.2
2019 (FY)
 2009 2010 2011
2013
2016 2017
Cash Dividends per Share
(Yen)
120
60
0
Consolidated payout ratio (Total return ratio)
110
2018
94
   Stock buyback of approx. ¥30.0 billion conducted in FY2008, FY2011, and FY2014 in addition to dividend payments
     Dividend policy
2009 2010
2013 2014
2015 2016
2019 (FY)
57.7%
20%–40%
151.9
161.8
2014
170.9
2015
30%–50%
0.7
1.9
 109.1 61.8
82.6
2012
122.8
 –18.9
15.3
2018
  –229.3
40%–60%
1.5
  16
38
42
2011
48
2012
58 58 58 58
84
2017
   40%~
           38.0%*
24.4%
24.2% [42.2%]
36.2%
34.7%
35.8% [55.2%]
39.8%
48.2%
40.3%
40.5%
            * Excluding structural reform expenses
21

   Komatsu’s Growth Strategies
Special Feature 2: Value Creation Story
KOMATSU offers
SMARTCONSTRUCTION in the
USA and four countries in Europe. (United Kingdom, Germany, France, and Denmark)
 A video of the presentation by Rod Schrader, Chairman & CEO of Komatsu America Corp., at CONEXPO-CON/AGG 2020, a construction equipment tradeshow held in Las Vegas in March 2020, can be found below.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dd7oeh6MkCM&t=23s
  Realization of the Safe, Highly Productive, Smart, and Clean
Workplaces of the Future
Launch of “SMARTCONSTRUCTION Digital Transformation”
Komatsu launched “SMARTCONSTRUCTION Digital Transformation,” a solution comprising four new IoT devices and eight new applications that accelerate digital transformations through SMARTCONSTRUCTION, in April 2020.
While the previous version of SMARTCONSTRUCTION only digitized part of the construction process (“vertical digi- tization”), these new IoT devices and applications will allow for digitization of the entire process (“horizontal digitiza- tion”).This will enable worksite operations to be optimized by synchronizing the real workplace with its digital twin, thereby realizing drastic improvement in the safety, productivity, and environmental performance of the entire worksite.
 Customer Construction Process
Surveying Planning Construction Inspection
“Vertical digitization”: Digitization of individual construction processes (previous SMARTCONSTRUCTION)
          Traditional Analog Process
    Digital Transformation
“DX”
Digital Process
Drone 3D measurement / visualization
Construction simulation / digital task preparation
3D construction / management with ICT-intensive equipment and apps
Drone 3D finished landform inspection
          22
“Horizontal digitization”: Digitization and connection of all processes to optimize entire construction process Digital transformation of construction
(“SMARTCONSTRUCTION Digital Transformation”)
  Solution

  Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 Rodney Schrader コココココココココココココココCEO
Senior Executive Officer
RChoaidrmnane&yCSEOc,hrader Komatsu America Corp.
  Optimization of construction through synchronization between real workplace and its digital twin
   23
    
     Komatsu’’sGrowthStrategiies
Special Feature 2: Value Creation Story
01 SMART CONSTRUCTION
Since its introduction in February 2015, SMARTCONSTRUCTION has addressed the labor shortages facing the Japanese construction industry by realizing improved productivity and safety at customer worksites.This has been made possible by openly employing digital technologies in both Japan and overseas; domestically, these technologies have been introduced to more than 10,000 customer worksites. Komatsu is dedicated to contributing to the realization of the safe, highly productive, smart, and clean workplaces of the future by digitally transforming both products (automation and autonomation operation) and processes (optimization).
Strategic Directives
  SMARTCONSTRUCTION promotional videos and introduction case studies can be found below.
 SMARTCONSTRUCTION promotional videos (Japanese only) http://smartconstruction.komatsu/movie.html
SMARTCONSTRUCTION introduction case studies (Japanese only) https://smartconstruction.komatsu/case/
   24
By accelerating the digital transformation of construction through both products (automa- tion and autonomation operation) and pro- cesses (optimization), we will realize the workplaces of the future.
Processes: Optimization
In addition to digitizing individual processes, such as condition surveys by drones (“verti- cal digitization”), we will link the 3D work- place information gained from such digitized processes with our LANDLOG platform (“horizontal digitization”) to pro- mote the automation and optimization of entire workplaces.
Products: Automation and Autonomation Operation
Realizing the safe, highly productive, smart, and clean workplaces of the future will require all construction equipment to work autonomously while collaborating with other equipment at the workplace. At the same time, it will be crucial to enhance ICT- intensive equipment, specifically through increased automation and through autonomy achieved via communication and coordination among equipment. Komatsu is moving ahead with research and development on sophisticated automation and autonomy technologies with an eye to the introduction of 5G and other ultrahigh-speed mobile com- munications systems and the utilization of high-precision global navigation satellite system technologies.
Level 5
Optimization of Construction
Level 4
Automation of Construction Planning
Level 3
3-Dimensional Construction Planning
Level 2
3-Dimensional Topographical Map
Level 1
3-Dimensional Design Data
Conventional construction
Products (Level of Automation and Autonomous Operation)
         “Visualization” o
Workplaces of the future: Safe, highly productive, smart and clean
   ICT Construction
• ICT-intensive construction & machines
• Visualization of progress
• Utilization of
topographical data
f workplace data
Digital Transformation of Construction
• Automatic generation of daily tasks from daily optimized construction plans
• Collaboration and autonomous operation of equipment on the workplace
          Introduction o
f advanced ICT-intensive models
  Level 1
Limited Operation Support
Level 2
Advanced Operation Support
Level 3
Advanced Solo Automation
Level 4
Advanced Collaborative Autonomous Operation
Level 5
Advanced Decision-making Autonomous Operation
   Processes (Optimization Level of Construction)

 Profitability and Growth
Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
   Compared with other industries, the construction industry is lacking in terms of safety and productivity and has significant room for improvement via digitization.
SMARTCONSTRUCTION is still in the early stages of its introduction. Nonetheless, we have verified its significant benefits for con- tributing to improved safety and productivity at adopting workplaces. We therefore anticipate that the use of this solution will spread steadily against the backdrop of labor shortfalls and aging workplace operators. The global COVID-19 pandemic also presents an oppor- tunity in the form of potential for the rapid digitization of construction workplaces.
Safety- and Productivity-RelatedTasks More dangerous than other industries
No. of deaths per 100,000 employees*1
Financial 0.4 Information &
communications Retail Manufacturing Public utilities Service
Construction 9.5 Mining
Lower than other industries
Diffusion of Innovation Curve and Earnings Growth (as Projected by Komatsu)
• The digitization of construction workplaces is projected to advance more swiftly than the popularization of enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems, a similar solution launched in the 1980s, due to the current availability of sophisticated and affordable technologies.
• The global COVID-19 pandemic is expected to further accelerate this digitization trend.
    Customer type
S-curve
   Laggards
Adoption rate
Smartphone Adoption in Japan (Past Nine Years)
Digitization of construction workplaces
Acceleration due to COVID-19 pandemic
   Late majority
 Early majority
Early adopters Innovators
Sales at Companies at Which ERP Systems Are De Facto Standard (Past 40 Years)
  Nominal productivity by industry (¥1,000/hr.)*2
Public utilities Finance & insurance Information & communications Manufacturing Retail Construction Health Agriculture, forestry & fisheries
7.5 7.4
12.8
14.1
    1.5
5.6 4.0
3.1 2.8
*1 Source: National Census of Fatal Occupational Injuries in 2018, U.S. BUREAU OF LABOR STATISTICS
*2 Source: Labor Productivity Trends in Major Industries, JAPAN PRODUCTIVITY CENTER
FY2020 N years N+4 years
Time
  Contributions to Resolution of Environmental and Social Issues
Launch of SMARTCONSTRUCTION Retrofit kit
Provision of ICT Capabilities for Conventional Construction Equipment
Komatsu launched SMARTCONSTRUCTION Retrofit kit, the add-on kit to offer ICT capabilities, such as 3D machine guidance and payload mea- surement, to conventional construction equipment in Japan in late April through LANDLOG Ltd. Currently, conventional construction equipment with no ICT capabilities accounts for over 98% of all construction equipment working at construction workplaces in Japan.
To accelerate the pace of achieving digital transformation of construction workplace operations, the SMARTCONSTRUCTION Retrofit kit can be added on not only Komatsu-made models but also other models as long as they are hydraulic excavators. With the SMARTCONSTRUCTION Retrofit kit, Komatsu is going to promote digitization of conventional construction equipment and digital transformation of construction in order to realize safe, highly productive, smart, and clean workplaces of the future soon.
Advanced ICT-intensive equipment
Equipment with SMARTCONSTRUCTION Retrofit Kit (provisional name)
TOPICS
           Non-ICT-intensive models
ICT-intensive models
SMARTCONSTRUCTION Retrofit kit
        3D construction based on 3D design data
3D control
3D construction: Impossible
Impossible
3D construction: Possible
   Possible: Machine control
3D construction: Possible
        Staking & assistant workers
   3D construction records
Necessary
Impossible to obtain
Unnecessary
Unnecessary
    High-precision 3D data: Possible to obtain
High-precision 3D data: Possible to obtain
            Impossible: Limited to machined guidance
              25
 1.2 1.9
2.2 2.6
2.6
Safety Productivity
 
    Komatsu’s Growth Strategies
Special Feature 2: Value Creation Story
02
Sustainable forestry is an undertaking with the potential to contribute to the accomplishment of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) advocated by the United Nations.These contributions include helping mitigate climate change by reducing the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere and preserving biodiversity and water resources. Komatsu regards a forestry business as an important industry that contributes toward the achievement of the SDGs. In forestry, it is important to contribute to realizing the forest management cycle of planting, cultivating, and harvesting trees, and it is required to operate in a way that places due consideration on forest environments. Komatsu operates a wide-ranging forestry machine business on a global basis to help increase safety and productivity in forestry operation.
Strategic Directives
Forestry
Machinery Business
  26
Komatsu is working to mechanize forestry operation, including planting, cultivating, and harvesting trees, to contribute to
sustainable forestry. In the realm of planting, we have developed subsoiling machines and automated tree planters based on our bull- dozers. These machines are currently being supplied to the Brazilian market.
Moreover, in the area of timber harvesting and extracting operations, where most forestry-related occupational accidents tend to occur, we are making progress in developing and selling forestry equipment that enables to harvest and extract trees in steep area without people having to descend to the forest floor.
Videos on forest machines, including a look at a forestry project adopting ICT in Sweden, can be found here.
https://youtu.be/_D-EfqsrGT0
    • Introduction of New Tree Planting Products
Planting
D61EM-23M0 automated tree planter
Land preparation
D85EX subsoiling machine
• Improvement of Harvesting and Extracting Productivity and Safety
     Planting
Harvesting
Cultivating
Sustainable Forestry
Harvesting
PC130F Harvester
(forest machine based on hydraulic excavators)
Extracting
Forwarder 895
Forest Forwarder Usable on Slopes
       
 Profitability and Growth
Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
   Komatsu’s forest machine business has continued to grow smoothly since the 2004 acquisition of Partek Forest AB (currently, Komatsu Forest AB) of Sweden. Looking ahead, economic growth in emerging countries is expected to drive rises in housing starts and pulp demand. In addition, we anticipate stable growth in timber production volumes as a substitute for plastic amid rising envi- ronmental awareness.
Forest Machine Business Sales
(Billions of yen)
140
105
70
35
Global Timber Production Volumes
(Millions of m3) 2,400
1,800
1,200
600
                00
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 (FY) 2010 2015 2020
Total industrial timber Sawtimber Pulp materials
2025 (FY)
  Source: Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (Figures for 2019 forward are the Company’s projections.)
 TOPICS
  Contributions to Resolution of Environmental and Social Issues
Smart Forestry Powered by ICT
We have been working on a smart forestry concept that makes it possible to visually monitor forestry supply chains. In Japan, we have been using drones to conduct tree planting and growth management surveys including forestry resource quantity estimates. This has enabled us to reduce the labor hours needed for surveys for felling from around five people per hect- are per day to one person per hectare per day. Moreover, by using ICT-equipped harvesters for processing and soring logs, we have been able to reduce the labor hours needed from about 13 people per hectare per day to about 0.5 people per hectare per day. We are also focusing our efforts on developing applications that are capable of drawing on the accumulated log pro- cessing and timber transport data of the LANDLOG open platform. We will thereby contribute to streamlining operations in the future by sharing information with forestry business opera- tors on lumber markets as well as lumber consumers.
Going forward, we hope to help promote cyclical forestry around the world by facilitating further safety and productivity improvements in forestry.
  3D image
Through Komatsu’s smart forestry solutions, drone photog- raphy can be utilized to prepare 3D images of forests, which can be used to automatically estimate the number of trees, diameters of trees, and the volume of timber to be produced, thereby contributing to higher levels of efficiency in pre-felling forest resource surveys.
27
 
  Komatsu’s Growth Strategies
Mid-Term Management Plan (FY2019–FY2021)
DANTOTSU Value
FORWARD Together for Sustainable Growth
Komatsu’s External Environment
Today, protectionism is growing around the world, and multipolarity is becoming evident. We are also witnessing grow- ing concerns over climate change. As the external environment is changing dynamically, in the construction, mining, and utility equipment business, we assume gradual growth of the demand in the medium to long term, but the volatility will remain high in the short term. In the industrial machinery and others business, we anticipate a structural change of demand in the automobile manufacturing industry, mainly resulting from ongoing progress toward electric vehicles. In addition, we anticipate assured growth in demand in the semiconductor manufacturing industry over the medium to long term, while a temporary adjustment phase is also expected. Achieving sustainable growth in this environment will require growth strategies that are not affected by demand fluctuations.
Changes in the External Environment and of ESG Issues
   Politics & economy
• Multipolarization of the world
• Emergence of protectionism
• Growth of emerging economies
Technologies
• Further spread of IoT, AI, and big data •The progress of electric and
autonomous vehicles
  Environment & energy
• Climate change
• Growing demand for energy, foods and water • Decarbonization & renewable energy
Society & values
• Acceleration of diversity in advanced countries
• A decline of working-age population
• Achievement of a recycling-oriented
society by accelerating the pace of sharing
• Growing pursuit and needs for safety
and comfort
Expectations of achieving
  28
Our Tasks in the Growth Strategies
1. To solve ESG issues through the growth strategies of our core business
 
 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
  Demand for Construction and Mining Equipment
  Period of the previous plan
Period of the mid-term management plan
• Value creation by means of innovation
• Growth strategies based on business reforms
• Structural reforms for growth
Growth above the industry’s average by focusing investment in growth areas
            • Growth strategies based on innovation
• Growth strategies of existing businesses
• Structural reforms designed to reinforce the business foundation
Demand recovery for mining equipment and in emerging economies
We assumed demand recovery would start in FY2019 in the previous plan. (Actually it started in FY2017.)
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
FY2019
We assume gradual growth in the mid to long ranges, but volatility will remain high in the short range.
FY2020 FY2021
Assumed range of demand change
FY2022~
         Construction, Mining, and Utility Equipment Business Sales (to Outside Customers) by Region
(Billions of yen)
3,000 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
2,466.6
2,267.3 Africa
Middle East
Oceania 1,566.3 Asia
China
CIS
Latin America Europe
Strategic Markets
54
Traditional Markets
46
              %
                    500 North America Japan
%
    0
FY2016 FY2017
FY2018
 Sustainable growth
 a sustainable society
 2. To promote sustainable growth based on our profit structure which is free of changes in the external environment and market demand
29
  Sales / Demand
 
   Komatsu’s Growth Strategies
Mid-Term Management Plan (FY2019–FY2021)
Overview of the Mid-Term Management Plan
The mid-term management plan sets forth the future vision Komatsu should aspire to and hope to accomplish as it approaches and moves beyond the 100th anniversary of its founding in 2021. As part of this vision, we seek to become a company that can help realize the safe, highly productive, smart, and clean workplaces of the future together with customers while generating a positive cycle of resolving ESG issues through the creation of value for customers and improving earnings.
Management Principle
Make commitment to Quality and Reliability and maximize corporate value (the total sum of trust from society and all stakeholders)
   Backcasting
2
 Growth strategies and management targets by backcasting the roadmap to our future vision
 1
Previous Plan
(FY2016–FY2018)
• Growth strategies based on innovation
• Growth strategies of existing businesses
• Structural reforms designed to reinforce the business foundation
2021
100th anniversary and beyond
Mid-Term Management Plan (FY2019–FY2021)
Three Pillars of Growth Strategies
1. Value creation by means of
innovation
2. Growth strategies based on
business reforms
3. Structural reforms for
growth
Future Vision
ESG Solutions
Positive cycle = Sustainable growth
Workplaces of the future: Safe, highly productive, smart and clean
Positive cycle = Sustainable growth
Improvement of earnings
      3
Integration of KMC
(FY2017)
      1
2
3
Value creation by means of innovation
Growth strategies based on business reforms
Structural reforms for growth
• Optimization platform and solutions business strategies SMARTCONSTRUCTION, Autonomous Haulage System (AHS), and platforms (LANDLOG and IntelliMine)
• Automation, autonomous operation, electrification and remote-controlling of construction, mining and utility (compact) equipment
• Smart forestry and agriculture
• KMC integration synergies and business reinforcement
• Value chain reforms and redefinition of the aftermarket business
Preventive maintenance by applying IoT and AI, and Lifecycle support under serial number-based management; logistics reforms; and next-generation key components
• Next-generation KOMTRAX
• Stronger focus on aggregate & cement, forestry, agriculture and other segments
• Efforts for “DANTOTSU No. 1 in Asia” and in the growing markets of India and Africa
• Reforms of the industrial machinery business (Expansion of synergy with the construction
equipment business and growth by capitalizing on core technologies)
• Business reforms by means of ICT and IoT
• Structural reforms of development operations Model based development Open innovation • Connected plants with Zero impact on environment and workers
• Global human resource development
    30

 Profitability
Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 ManagementTargets of the Mid-Term Management Plan and Related Performance
    Management Target
• An industry’s top-level operating income ratio
FY2019 (First year of the plan)
   Indicator
Sales growth rate
Performance
    Growth
• Growth rate above the industry’s average
10.3%
    Operating income ratio
10.3%
    Efficiency
    Financial position
• 10%-level ROE
• Keep a fair balance between investment for growth and shareholder return (including stock buybacks), while placing main priority on investment
ROE
Net debt-to- equity ratio
8.6%
0.43
    Shareholder return
• Set the goal of a consolidated payout ratio of 40% or higher
Consolidated payout ratio
57.7%
         ESG
Expectations of society and stakeholders
Stakeholders
Communities
Customers
Solutions for ESG issues
Sustainable growth
Shared growth based on growth strategies
Sustainable increase of earnings
Growth Strategy Aligned with Management Principles
Maximize Corporate Value which is the Total Sum of Trust
Enhance Corporate Brand
ESG Solutions Positive cycle = Sustainable growth
Three Pillars of Growth Strategies
1. Value creation by means of innovation
2. Growth strategies based on business reforms
3. Structural reforms for growth
Positive cycle = Sustainable growth Improvement of earnings
• Reduction of environmental impact
CO2 emissions: Decrease by 50% in 2030 from 2010.
Renewal energy use: Increase to 50% of total energy use in 2030.
• Evaluation by external organizations: Selected for DJSI (World & Asia Pacific) and CDP A-list (Climate Changes and Water Risk)
Reduction of environmental impact
Evaluation by external organizations
CO2 emissions: Decrease by 40% in 2021 Renewable energy use: Increase to 15% of total energy use in 2021 Selected for DJSI CDP Climate Change: A CDP Water Risk: A-
     Retail finance business
    • ROA: 1.5%–2.0%
  ROA
  1.5%
 • 5.0 or under for net debt-to-equity ratio
   Net debt-to- equity ratio
  3.80
 Concepts and Stance of the Mid-Term Management Plan
The mid-term management plan defines three pillars of growth strategies: 1) value creation by means of innovation,
2) growth strategies based on business reforms, and 3) structural reforms for growth. By prioritizing investment on growth areas based on the three pillars of growth strategies, we will seek to achieve sustainable growth through a positive cycle of improving earnings and solving ESG issues that is resilient to fluctuations in demand.
                  Employees Distributors Suppliers
   Business partners
 Shareholders Investors
       31
       
 Resolution of ESG Issues
Resolution of ESG Issues through Growth Strategies Komatsu’s CSRThemes and Mid-Term Management Plan KPIs
Komatsu seeks to help resolve ESG issues by promoting the three pillars of growth strategies defined in the new mid- term management plan. We strive to realize a positive cycle of sustainable growth through improvements of earnings and resolutions to ESG issues. Our initiatives include reducing environmental impacts to combat climate change and
CSR Themes
ESG Solutions through Three Pillars of Growth Strategies Relevant SDGs
 Enhancing Quality of Life
—Providing Products Required by Society—
    • Provide products, service and solutions contributing to sustainable development of infrastructure, natural resources and circular environmental protection (remanufacturing
and forestry).
• Improve productivity, efficiency, safety and environmental impact (lower CO2 emissions and higher ratio of renewable energy use) through innovations, such as automation in the entire value chain.
• Make commitment to DANTOTSU Value which will realize better Earth and future by means of technology and reliability (creation and maximization of customer value).
      • Develop a diverse workforce with a high level of productivity and technical skills.
• Strengthen and develop diverse and global-scope talent to help achieve sustainable workplaces.
• Develop talent with cross-value chain capabilities.
• Offer resolutions for social issues through collaboration with stakeholders.
• Act as a responsible corporate citizen ensuring corporate governance, compliance, and human rights.
       Developing People
    Growing with Society
     32
    
                      Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
supplying high-quality, high-performance products, services, and solutions ensuring safety. KPIs have been set to guide these initiatives solving ESG issues through our core business.
Key Initiatives under Mid-Term Management Plan
FY2019 KPI Performance
FY2021 KPIs
  Reduction of CO2 emissions (in comparison to FY2010)
 • Reduction of CO2 emissions from product use (fuel-efficiency equipment, hybrid hydraulic excavator, rate of SMARTCONSTRUCTION use, enhancement of ICT-intensive construc- tion, mine automation, and underground mining equipment)
 14% reduction
 16% reduction (in comparison to FY2010)
  • Reduction of CO2 emissions from production (plants with zero impact on environment and workers)
       31.5% reduction
  40% reduction (in comparison to FY2010)
 Plants with zero impact on environment and workers
 • Rate of renewable energy use (including purchase of renewable energy)
 10.7%
 15%
  • Work environment burden coefficient (particle matter density)
      10.7% reduction
 30% reduction (in comparison to FY2018)
  • Water consumption
       49.4% reduction
  55% reduction (in comparison to FY2010)
 Value chain reforms and redefinition of the aftermarket business
 • Spare parts sales
   3% increase
       11% increase
 • Reman component lifespan (compared to new components)
 26,866 workhours (134% of new components)
 20,000 workhours (100% of new components)
 Assurance of mine operation safety and productivity
 • AHS units’ population (promotion of mining platform business)
  221 units
  380 units (aggregate)
 DANTOTSU Product, DANTOTSU Service, and DANTOTSU Solution
 • ICT-intensive equipment introduced (United States, Europe, and Australia)
 1,361 units
 1,590 units (per year)
  • Sites adopting SMARTCONSTRUCTION
      2,440
 4,850 (per year)
   • Automation, autonomous operation, electrification, and remote-controlling of equipment
                   1. Automation of construction equipment
Verification tests conducted on user sites
Test introduction of hydraulic excavators for automated loading
   2. Automation, autonomous operation, and remote operation of mining equipment
         Preparations advanced to launch mining bulldozer with level 2 automation
        Entry into mining bulldozer market (level 4 automation)
  3. Automation of utility equipment
Development of peripheral safety technologies for supporting automation
Development of technology for automated forklifts
  4. Enhancement of mining equipment and hard rock mining businesses
       Under development
  Expansion of product series
 Agricultural solutions and smart forestry
  • Creation of construction equipment demand in agricultural field
   Japan: Commencement of verification tests at five agriculture business operators
Indonesia: Started mass production and sales of D31PLL agricultural bulldozer
 Japan: Expand lineup of agricultural loaders Indonesia: Increase number of users of agricultural techniques employing agricultural bulldozers
   • Smart forestry projects
       10
   50
 IoT and ICT work reforms
 • Sales in KOM-MICS platform business (visualization of production equipment operation)
  865 units
  1,900 units (including for internal use)
 Development of a diverse workforce with a high level of productivity and technical skills
 • Enhancing employee engagement
   Scheduled for FY2020
       Improvement of global surveys and indexes
 • Work process reforms through expansion of diverse and flexible workstyles
  (1) 1,950 workhours per person/year (2) Commencement of trial in August 2019
      Total workhours of less than 2,100; introduction of telework system (Japan)
 • Promotion of KOMATSU Way (global dissemination of KOMATSU Way)
 •Training hours: 31,625 hours (aggregate hours for all participants) • Number of participants: 1,461 in Japan, 307 overseas
 Training hours and number of participants
 Strengthening and development of diverse and global-scope talent to help achieve sustainable workplaces
 • Revision of role of Japan in global management
 Human resource system revisions started in Japan
 Shifting of human resources to projects and improvement activities; globalization of organizations on by-function basis
   • Foundations for global measures (systems, frameworks)
         Preparations advanced for introduction
        Introduction
  • Empowerment of female employees ((1) non-consolidated ratio of female employees, (2) non-consolidated ratio of female managers, (3) consolidated ratio of female managers (Japan))
(1) 12.3%, (2) 7.2%, and (3) 4.5%
(1) 12.5%, (2) 10.0%, and (3) 5.0%
   • Rate of employment of people with disabilities (comply with requirements in Japan)
         2.58% (non-consolidated)
        Above 2.3% (legally mandated rate)
   • Support for regional human resource development for job creation (regional human resource development with Cummins Inc.)
  • Human resource development program launched in Chile • Ongoing support provided in Peru, South Africa, and
Australia
• Participants’ success in finding employment tracked
 Chile, Australia, South Africa, others
  Development of talent with cross-value chain capabilities
 • Cultivation of SMARTCONSTRUCTION consultants (capable of proposing solutions using ICT to improve productivity and safety throughout construction workplaces)
  396
  430 (aggregate)
 Resolutions to social issues through collaboration with stakeholders
 • Promotion of industry-government-academia collaboration as well as of collaboration with customers
   Examination of cutting-edge tools through activities with domestic customers and regional dissemination
       Promotion of Brand Management and activities creating value for customers
  • Shareholders and individual investors (shareholder meetings, shareholder factory tours, individual investor meetings)
  • Shareholder meetings: 2 times
• Shareholder factory tours: 10 times
• Individual investor meetings: 7 times
• Certain factory tours and meetings canceled due
to impacts of global COVID-19 pandemic
  Number of meetings held
   • Institutional investors (ESG meetings)
         11 (ESG-related meetings)
        Number of meetings held
   • Communities (business site fairs)
  Business fairs at nine factories (Awazu, Osaka, Ibaraki, Kanazawa,Tochigi, Oyama, Koriyama, Shonan, and Himi); canceled only at Shonan Plant due to impacts of Typhoon Hagibis
One fair held at each of nine factories per year
  • Employees (meetings)
       34 (30 in Japan, 4 overseas)
  Number of meetings held
 Action as a responsible corporate citizen addressing corporate governance, compliance, and human rights
  • Occupational health and safety, support for establishing environmental and safety systems at suppliers, response to Japan’s Corporate Governance Code (corporate governance reports), evaluations of effectiveness of Board of Directors, internal control, and internal audits
    Establishment of Human Rights Policy, disclosure in integrated report
  Ongoing improvements made in reflection of relevant laws and regulations and social expectations
 33
        
 Enhancing Quality of Life
—Providing Products Required by Society—
 Climate Change Issues
Komatsu established the Komatsu Earth Environment Charter in 1992, launching proactive initia- tives for addressing climate change and other environmental issues a step ahead of its peers.
The enactment of the Paris Agreement in 2016 sparked a rapid rise in the importance of initia- tives for addressing climate change in the global society. As a global business operator, Komatsu recognizes that contributing to the transition to a low-carbon society is an important management issue in light of the increased frequency of abnormal climate events and natural disasters and changes in resource demand resulting from global warming.
In April 2019, Komatsu announced its endorsement of the recommendations of theTask Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).Through climate change risk and oppor- tunity assessments and scenario analyses based on these recommendations, we will pursue
increases our resilience toward climate change impacts. At the same time, we will advance climate change response mea- sures through a healthy dialogue with stakeholders. Furthermore, we will supply high-quality, high-performance products, services, and solutions that are designed for reducing environmental impacts, par- ticularly in relation to climate change, and for safety.
   34

 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
   Initiatives Based onTCFD Framework
Governance
Komatsu views climate change as an important management issue, and targets for combating climate change have been incorporated into its business strategies.
Discussions regarding climate change are held at meetings of the Earth Environment Committee, the Risk Management Committee, and the CSR Committee, and these committees make suggestions to the Strategy Review Committee and report to the Board of Directors, thereby furnishing a system of appropriate oversight.
Meanwhile, the Executive Meeting fulfills the function of managing progress toward targets.
Resolution of ESG Issues
 Climate Change-Related Reporting and Deliberation System
  Board of Directors
  Report
提提
Suggest
  Strategy Review Committee
  Executive Meeting
• Earth Environment Committee • Risk Management Committee • CSR Committee
Major Discussion Items Related to Climate Change
 Name
  Chairperson
  Major Discussion Items Related to Climate Change
  Board of Directors
  Chairman of the Board and Representative Director
 • Report from Earth Environment Committee (once a year)
• Reports from research, development, and product planning divisions and the Chief
Technology Officer (once a year)
• Reports from production and procurement divisions (once a year)
• Mid-term management plan progress report (once a year)
  Strategy Review Committee
  President
   • Growth strategies for major plants (including climate change-related matters, five times a year) • Report from Environmental Affairs Department (once a year)
  Executive Meeting
   President
  • Progress in regard to product development and production systems (monthly) • Climate change lectures by external specialists (once a year)
     Name
  Chairperson
  Major Discussion Items Related to Climate Change
  Earth Environment Committee
  President
 • Deliberations and reports regarding important environmental matters and key performance indicators (KPIs)
• Reports on overall environmental frameworks and activities
  Risk Management Committee
 Executive officer supervising general affairs
  • Reports on responses to natural disaster risks
  CSR Committee
  President
   • Initiatives for addressing ESG issues • CSR activity reports
       35

 36
   Strategies
Risk and Opportunity Identification
In FY2019, a total of 16 climate change-related risks and opportunities were identified for Komatsu, primarily in relation to construction equipment operations, based on the recommendations of theTask Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). We then assessed internal factors, which impact sales and earnings, and external factors, which affect projected scenarios.Through this process, the 16 risks and opportunities were grouped based on four major themes.
 Resolution of ESG Issues
 Risks and Opportunities and Groupings
 16 Risks and Opportunities
 • Coal demand fluctuations
• Changes in reputation among
customers and investors
 • Environmental regulations •Trend toward electric equipment
• Subsidiaries for renewable energy
and energy conservation projects
• Substitute fuel technologies
• Next-generation technical services
(new market)
 • Carbon prices
• Popularization of renewable energy
technologies
• Raw material prices
• Energy prices
• Recycling
 • More frequent abnormal weather events
• Increased precipitation amounts and
weather patterns
• Higher average temperatures
• Rising sea levels
 Four MajorThemes
  Changes in resource demand
• Reduced coal demand
• Increased resource demand
related to electric equipment
  Manufacturing costs
• Rising manufacturing costs due to higher carbon prices*
*CO2 taxation measures for reducing emissions
  Transition to low-carbon products
 • More stringent fuel regulations • Progress in electrification and
next-generation technologies
 Maximized in 2°C scenario
 Natural disasters
 • Increased precipitation amounts and flood risks due to abnormal weather
• Higher demand in conjunction with national resilience plans
  Maximized in 4°C scenario
    Business Risks and Opportunities Based on Climate Change Scenarios
 To gauge the potential impacts of climate change-related risks and opportunities on Komatsu’s business, we performed scenario analy- ses of the Company’s four major risk and opportunity themes. For these scenario analyses, we defined a 2°C scenario and a 4°C sce- nario based on the Fifth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (Representative
Concentration Pathways 2.6 and 8.5) and the Sustainable Development Scenario and Stated Policies Scenario of the International Energy Agency (IEA).
The risks and opportunities pertaining to specific ESG themes and Komatsu’s strategies for addressing these risks and opportuni- ties are described on the following page.
 
 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
     Changes in Resource Demand
   Risks
Opportunities
       2°C scenario
• Regulation of power generation using fossil fuels
• Massive reductions in coal production volumes under IEA scenarios
• Reduced sales to coal-related customers by Komatsu
• Rapid transition from fossil fuel-powered equipment to electric equipment
• Higher demand for copper and other resources necessary for electric equipment (motors, batteries, fuel cells, etc.)
• Increased sales to copper and other relevant mining- related customers by Komatsu in conjunction with trend toward electric equipment
       4°C scenario
• Limited regulation of coal in developing nations • Coal production volumes in 2030 in line with
current levels under IEA scenarios
• Reduced appetite for investment in coal mines
• Trend toward electric equipment less pronounced than in 2°C scenario
• Higher demand for copper and other resources necessary for electric equipment
• Rise in investment for streamlining mine operations
       Strategies
Exploration of business opportunities arising from climate change through value creation by means of innovation and growth strategies based on innovation
• Increased metal resource demand in conjunction with transition to electric equipment—Expansion of underground mining equip- ment operations
• Contribution to sustainable forestry—Provision of equipment and systems for streamlining processes spanning from afforestation to logging
• Contribution to rehabilitation of closed mine sites and greenification of deserts—Forest restoration projects at closed mine sites and forest machine operations
• Transition to circular economies—Expansion of equipment restoration (“Reman”) business
 Transition to Low-Carbon Products
   Risks
Opportunities
       2°C scenario
• Regulations promoting transition to fuel-efficient equip- ment, electric equipment, and other low-carbon products
• Rapid changes in research and development trends and competitive climate and market entry by new competitors
• Higher demand for electric, fuel-efficient, and bio-fuel equipment
• Expansion of equipment restoration (“Reman”) business in
conjunction with transition to circular economies
• Increased demand for SMARTCONSTRUCTION and other
solutions contributing to decarbonization
   Strategies
• Respond to transition risks by shifting toward low-carbon products through realization of the safe, highly productive, smart, and clean workplaces of the future described in the mid-term management plan
       Manufacturing Costs
   Risks
Opportunities
       2°C scenario
• Taxation of fossil fuels and CO2 emissions
• Transfer of higher product purchase prices to Komatsu
• Rising power fees and energy costs following investment
in power generation facilities with low CO2 emissions
• Increased competitiveness through production technologies that reduce CO2 emissions
   Strategies
• Mitigation of cost increases by achieving CO2 reduction and renewable energy targets defined in the mid-term management plan
       Natural Disasters
   Risks
Opportunities
       4°C scenario
• Increased frequency of heavy rain and floods due to abnormal weather
• Risks of disaster damages to Komatsu plants at high risk of flooding
• Component supply delays following damages to suppliers from disasters
• Increased demand for flood-control works
   Strategies
• Institute heavy rain and flood countermeasures across the value chain
       37

  Resolution of ESG Issues
 Risk Management
Please refer to page 52 for information on the Company’s risk management systems.
Indicators andTargets
Komatsu is mitigating climate change through its business by supplying high-quality, high-performance products, services, and solutions that include provisions for ensuring safety and reducing climate change-related environmental impacts.
The following three indicators and accompanying targets have been set in the mid-term management plan to facilitate the appropriate assessment and management of climate change-related risks and opportunities.
Climate Change-Related Indicators andTargets
Please refer to ESG Databook 2020 for more information. https://komatsu.disclosure.site/en/themes/149
 Indicators
  Targets
 CO2 emissions from product use
Decrease by 50% in 2030 (Base year of 2010, basic unit)
 CO2 emissions from production
  Decrease by 50% in 2030 (Base year of 2010, basic unit)
 Rate of renewable energy use
 50% in 2030
       VOICE
Komatsu’s mid-term management plan puts forth environmental impact reduction targets pertaining to cutting CO2 emissions, which contribute to mitigating climate change, and the increasing use of renewable energy. Approximately 90% of CO2 emissions from the lifecycles of Komatsu construction equipment, which span from production through to disposal, are attributable to the consumption of fuel during product use at active workplaces. Recognizing this fact, we are dedicated to lowering CO2 emissions from both production and product use.
Efforts to reduce CO2 emissions from production include utilizing ICT to carefully track product manufacturing processes and all of the energy used therein and identifying where energy is wasted in these processes. We are addressing this waste through steadfast small reforms to remove each and every source of energy waste as well as large reforms that entail transforming the very way we do our work. By tracking metrics pertaining to factors such as plant air-conditioning, lighting, and machinery, we are endeavoring to eliminate wastes and switch to more efficient equipment. These energy conservation efforts are being complemented by the increased use of renewable energy. Specific renewable energy initiatives include electricity generation using solar power and thinned wood as well as air-conditioning systems that take advan- tage of differences in temperature between air and underground water.
To reduce CO2 emissions from product use, Komatsu is utilizing its pro- prietary technology development and production systems to improve effi- ciency with regard to engines and hydraulic, electronic, and other components. These efforts have led to the reduction of CO2 emissions through the introduction of the world’s first hybrid system for construction equipment. Through ongoing development and improvement measures driven by proprietary technologies, we seek to further reduce the CO2 emis- sions from Komatsu products. For example, we have been promoting the electrification of our products and have launched compact battery-powered forklifts and, more recently, electric mini excavators that do not emit CO2.
Our attempts to improve the fuel efficiency of our products are not lim- ited to performance enhancements to the products themselves; we are also utilizing Internet of Things (IoT) technologies obtained through open innova- tion to reduce fuel consumption by tracking conditions across active work- places. For example, KOMTRAX includes a function that provides customers with operating status and fuel efficiency improvement recommendations to
Yuichi Iwamoto
Senior Executive Officer
ChiefTechnology Officer (CTO)
Supervising Research & Development and Environment
encourage them to use their equipment more efficiently. Meanwhile, the SMARTCONSTRUCTION solution monitors conditions throughout construc- tion workplaces to propose more efficient construction methods and allows us to provide solutions for optimizing customer workplaces.
We are also pursuing CO2 reductions in the forest machine business, which has been identified as a core theme of the mid-term management plan. In this business, we see potential to cut emissions by delivering products with superior safety and productivity to realize recycling-oriented forestry, a woodland management approach entailing a cycle of planting, cultivating, and felling forests. Accordingly, as part of our social contribu- tion activities, we have been participating in forest restoration projects to greenify the sites of mines at which the excavation of underground miner- als has been completed.
Komatsu does not view climate change response measures exclu- sively in terms of the related risks. Rather, we see these measures as representing prime opportunities to create new businesses. For example, we could create businesses that enable us to improve the value of cus- tomer workplaces through the provision of solutions that take advantage of products and open innovation capitalizing on the strength of our ability to develop and produce key components in-house.
  38
Message from the CTO (Supervising Research & Development and Environment)
  
 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
     TOPICS
 Afforestation Projects Advanced Worldwide
Surface mining operations are subject to rigorous regulation to protect the environment as they develop resources. The mine rehabilitation process, which includes filling mine sites and restoring them for use in agriculture or as forests, entails a great deal of effort within the confines of this regulatory framework.
However, even such effort does not guarantee that former mine sites can be revived as sustainable forests. If the revegeta- tion process fails, the nutrition will be lost from the top soil, due to its reduced water-holding capacity, and the mine site will decay further.
Komatsu believes that human intervention is needed to break this downward spiral and assist in the forest restoration pro- cess. In addition to helping forge relationships with our mining customers, these efforts utilize our construction equipment and forest machines, making them a social contribution activity that is highly compatible with Komatsu’s business.
   North America-Originating Forest Restoration Projects
Spreading across the Globe
Komatsu’s involvement in forest restoration projects can be traced back to projects launched in North America in April 2019. Through one of these projects, we are working to rehabilitate a mine site spanning 1,000 acres (4 square kilometers) in West Virginia over a period of three years. Komatsu provides monetary support, renting equipment, and dispatching employee volunteers for tree planting activities in this project (see KOMATSU REPORT 2019 for details). In FY2019, we planted 50,000 trees across a 93-acre (0.4 square kilometers) stretch of the former mine site.
In March 2020, another forest restoration project was launched in Australia through collaboration between major mineral resource company Anglo American PLC and Komatsu Australia Pty. Ltd. and Komatsu Mining Corp. The current goal of this project is to plant more than 9,000 trees at the former site of Anglo American’s Dawson Mine to restore the forest of this site using indigenous tree species and with an eye to converting parts of the site to farmland. At the kickoff event held in March 2020, a total of 120 people, including employees of the three companies, local residents, and elementary school students, gathered to plant 4,000 trees in a single day.
Kickoff event held in Australia in March 2020 at which a total of 120 people gathered to plant 4,000 trees in a single day
  In Europe, we have partnered with Belgium-based NPO Tree-Nation
ASBL, which specializes in afforestation, and we are conducting donation
campaigns to fund the afforestation activities this NPO is advancing on
five continents. A major characteristic of this initiative is that it allows
donators to check the progress in the tree planting activities they funded and confirm the resulting CO2 absorption volume via a smartphone application. European Komatsu Group companies are soliciting donations on various occasions via the efforts of employees as well as collaboration with partners to contribute to the restoration of forests.
Carbon Offset Initiatives
The forests to be restored through the on-schedule advancement of forest restoration projects in North America and Australia should absorb an estimated value of approximately 2,000 tons of CO2 each year. Komatsu anticipates that the spread of its forest restoration projects will have the positive benefit of mitigating climate change.
39

  Resolution of ESG Issues
Developing People
 Founder MeitaroTakeuchi established Komatsu Ltd. in Komatsu City, Ishikawa Prefecture roughly a century ago. Having witnessed Europe’s cutting-edge tech- nologies at that time,Takeuchi put forth the four management principles of global expansion, quality first, technological innovation, and human resource develop- ment.The commitment to the development of human resources, an invaluable asset to Komatsu, lives on in the Company today.
Employees Supporting Komatsu as a Global Company
Komatsu develops its operations around the world, and approximately 70% of its employees are not Japanese. Accordingly, developing human resources that are rooted in the communities they serve while promoting mutual acceptance of the values and cultures of vari- ous countries and regions is becoming increasingly important. Operations around the world must be instilled with Komatsu’s manufacturing competitive- ness, which includes the values that support Komatsu and the workplace improvement, driven by employees.
Komatsu Technical Institute lesson
Japan Overseas 32% 68%
Number of Employees
62,823
(consolidated)
(as of March 31, 2020)
Japan 6% (13)
Overseas 94% (206)
   Number of Consolidated Subsidiaries
219
(as of March 31, 2020)
   The ongoing growth of a company is driven by its people, or its employees, and these people are thus its most important resource.
A basic policy of human resource development at Komatsu is that senior managers and other leaders are expected to foster their successors and other human resources capable of competing on the global stage through their own actions.
At the same time, we are constantly working to improve group-wide GEMBA capability (employee-driven, continuous improvement capability) and support the career development efforts of individual employees. These efforts are carried out through a diverse range of human resource develop- ment and personnel rotation programs advanced on a global scale.
In recent years, employees of non-Japanese nationality have come to represent around 70% of our total employee base. In reflection of this fact, creating an environment where globally diversified employees can work together as one solid team and make contributions to business growth has been positioned as a central tenet of our human resource strategies under the current mid-term management plan, and various initiatives are being implemented accordingly.
Specifically, we are focused on the following four areas:
1. Enhancing global measures for recruiting and cultivating talented person-
nel and managing staff (visualization of human resources)
2. Increasing diversity and empowering female employees (increasing ratio
of female employees and ratio of female managers)
3. Improving employee health, engagement, and productivity through work-
style reforms
4. Addressing birthrate decline and population aging in Japan
In these areas, we are looking to heighten our capabilities across the
Group, including at overseas Group companies.
The global COVID-19 pan- demic is spreading uncertainty of an unprecedented degree. We are therefore pressed to make deci- sions and act swiftly and flexibly in response to an ever-changing environment.
Currently, a large number of
our employees are being forced to
telecommute. Regardless, we are
maintaining close coordination
with our colleagues around the
world to remain up-to-date on the
latest information. The health and safety of all of our employees and their families remains our top priority throughout this process.
Meanwhile, on the front lines of business, our strength in enacting poli- cies is being utilized to its fullest as middle managers play a central role in amassing the capabilities of the relative divisions to resolve the issues and problems faced at customer workplaces.
Over the roughly one century since its founding, Komatsu has contin- ued to surmount countless trials, growing rapidly in the process. The global COVID-19 pandemic presents a need for constant vigilance going forward. Still, I am confident that, with the KOMATSU Way sculpted by our forebear- ers and the principles of SLQDC (Safety, Law, Quality, Delivery, and Cost) as our guide, we can come together to overcome this challenge as well.
  40
Koichi Honda
Senior Executive Officer General Manager of the Human Resources Department Supervising Education
VOICE
Message from the General Manager of the Human Resources Department
 
 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 The KOMATSU Way
The KOMATSU Way is the very DNA of Komatsu, an expression of the strengths of Komatsu, the beliefs supporting these strengths, the basic attitudes, and patterns of behaviors established based on the experiences of our predeces- sors as they proceeded to tackle the challenges facing them.
Komatsu seeks to develop its operations on a global scale and to become a stronger company and grow. To accomplish these objectives, it will be crucial for us to transmit the KOMATSU Way to employees with different cul- tures and customs around the world and to implement these principles in a manner that aligns employees along the same vector. To spread understanding of the KOMATSU Way among all employees worldwide, we published the third edition of the K-Way booklet in 2019. This booklet is being utilized in human resource development through training programs, improvement activities, and daily communication.
    1 Leadership/ Top Management
Leaders must be directly involved in the workplaces and manage businesses with an emphasis on contributing to the entire Group, including distributors and suppliers. We have also defined guidelines for leaders related to actively engaging in regular board meetings, communicating with stakeholders, complying with rules of the business community, managing risks, and grooming successors for management positions.
2 “Monozukuri” for All Employees
Komatsu aims to pass on the manufacturing competitiveness, perspectives, and values that, based on total quality management, have continued to drive Komatsu’s competitiveness and support its growth. We look to transmit these principles through a joint effort encompassing all internal divisions as well as our suppliers, distributors, and other partners and to continue promoting involvement by all of these parties.
3 Brand Management
(Customer Value Creation Activities)
Komatsu defines “Brand Management” as all the activities that “make Komatsu indispensable to our customers.” This objective is accomplished by visiting customer workplaces to understand the ideal state of these customers and to build relationships that enable us to work together with them to help achieve their goals through concerted efforts by the Group and its distributors.
 Diversity & Inclusion Development Seminar for Cultivating Female Leaders on a Global Basis
In March 2019, a Diversity & Inclusion Development Seminar was held for female managers at Komatsu and at local overseas subsidiaries, and 15 individuals from 12 countries took part. Through this seminar, we hope that participants will deepen their understanding of the history of Komatsu, the KOMATSU Way, and management strategies, and become leaders promoting diversity initiatives at their companies.
KomatsuTechnical Institute for Fostering Production Engineers
The Komatsu Technical Institute is an internal boarding school system that offers a program for fostering the distinctive production engineers that underpin our manufacturing competitiveness. At the Komatsu Technical Institute, junior engineers selected from the production sites of Group companies and affiliates take part in a structured, two-year education program while stimulating mutual growth through communal living. A new training facility was completed in February 2020, and it was also at this time that we began accepting employees from overseas subsidiar- ies into this program. As a result, the Komatsu Technical Institute now offers an even more diverse environment for cultivating future global production leaders.
AI Education for Developing Key Personnel for AI Field Coordination
Looking ahead, it can be anticipated that there will be growth in opportunities for business coor- dination with external partners in the field of artificial intelligence (AI). Based on this recognition, Komatsu launched dedicated programs for cultivating key personnel in the AI field in 2019. Through the basic and advance programs, we are working to heighten the AI technological capabilities of our staff, foster key personnel in the field, identify pertinent themes from cus- tomer-oriented and business perspectives, and develop human resources capable of playing a central leadership role in internal and external coordination.
Discussion between participants and senior management
    New Komatsu Technical Institute training facility at the Awazu Plant
Requirements of Key AI Coordination Personnel
   Technical Skill
Customer- Oriented Perspective
Communication Skills
Business Perspective
  41

  Resolution of ESG Issues
Growing with Society —Social Contribution Activities
 Komatsu recognizes that social contributions to the communities in which it conducts its business activities are an important corporate responsibility. Komatsu defines the social contribution activities as activities related to its three CSR themes that are not directly aimed at generating earnings. Based on this definition, we seek to contribute to society in a manner that leverages the strengths of our core business.
Social Contribution Activities in FY2019
  Commencement of Agricultural Support Project Following Demining Project
 Since 2008, Komatsu has been engaging in collaborative efforts with the Japan Mine Action Service (JMAS) to support the demining of anti-personnel landmines in Cambodia and other areas threatened by these weapons. In addition to removing mines, we also provide reconstruction work, building roads and schools in demined areas, as part of a community development project. In January 2020, we embarked on a new project with JMAS. Through this project, Komatsu ICT-intensive bulldozers, wheel loaders, and hydraulic exca- vators will be deployed to Cambodia to provide agricultural support. This project represents a new step in our community development
efforts, which are shaped by local needs, in which we will use con- struction equipment to contribute to agriculture. For example, it is possible to increase rice yield by flattening out rough areas to make a smooth and level surface prior to planting. We therefore see the potential for ICT-intensive agricultural bulldozers equipped with auto- matic blade control functions to be used to increase rice production volumes by flattening direct-planting rice paddies to the greatest degree possible. We also anticipate that agricultural wheel loaders can be utilized in the production and harvesting of crops such as cas- sava, which has been the target of growing demand in recent years.
   42
The following chart shows expenditures for social contribution activities by Komatsu Group aggregated based on six general categories.
 Academic and
Industry-Academia Collaborations 22%
Culture & Sports 26% Disaster Relief 7%
Type of Social Contribution Expenditure
FY2019
Social Contribution Expenditures (Consolidated)
¥2,136 million
Human
Resource Development 25%
Local
Community Support 17%
Environment 3%
        Cash contributions Employee dispatchment and time contributions
¥707 million ¥316 million
Expense related to providing own facilities for public use
¥314 million
Expense related to events Total for the community
¥797 million ¥2,136 million
     
 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
   Social Support Activities in Response to the COVID-19 Pandemic
Producing and Donating Medical Supplies in Collaboration with Business Partners,The Komatsu Midori-kai
The COVID-19 pandemic has directly damaged our lives and health, but has also sig- nificantly impacted the economy, finance, medical infrastructure, and other aspects of society.
In Japan, as the number of people infected by COVID-19 increased, the short- ages of medical devices became a critical issue. Though we do not have the equip- ment or skills to produce medical devices, Komatsu has some assets, like long-time collaborative relationships with our business partners and our production and sales networks. By utilizing these assets, we have procured and donated isolation gowns and face shields, which are personal protective equipment (PPE) for medical workers for which there is particularly urgent need.
To procure them, we asked a Midori-kai member company to begin PPE produc- tion. At Komatsu, the staff of our production technology also participated in the activ- ity to improve the strength of the parts, productivity, and the comfort of the PPE during the prototyping phase of the face shield.
After medical experts inspected the protective ability and comfort of the proto- types, 10,100 gowns and 8,000 face shields were produced. We distributed them to medical institutions around the nation for free through the NPO Peace Winds Japan and the government, of which part was funded by donations from our employees. In addition to the isolation gowns and face shields, Komatsu and our employees are carrying out the following support activities:
Members of donation recipient National Hospital Organization Osaka National Hospital
Through the personal network of our supplier, we also received support from a garment making voca- tional school in Nagano Prefecture. The teachers and students made 100 pieces of PPE from materials donated by a filter maker, one of Midori-kai member companies and donated them to the medical institu- tions in the region.
    Country/Region
  Major Activities
   USA
 • Donations equivalent to 350,000 dollars in total
Breakdown: • A 250,000-dollar joint donation with our employees to the hunger relief organization, Feeding
America
• 100,000 dollars donated to local communities
 Chile
  • Support for sanitation of streets using cistern trucks (in collaboration with the government)
 India
• Donations equivalent to 10 million rupees (national or state welfare funds and technical training support for con- struction equipment operators)
 Europe
  • Donations equivalent to 100,000 euros from our group companies in Europe (for medical and food-related purposes depending on local needs, and support for multiple organizations)
 Japan
 • Donation of 100,000 N95 medical masks from our stock to the Red Cross, the government, medical institutions, etc.
    Business Partners—They are Invaluable to Komatsu
For manufacturers, business partners (the suppliers of materials, parts, and components) are important partners that support product quality and reliability. Komatsu especially places great value on relationships with business partners and has grown together with them throughout our long history. We have been thinking together with them and supporting each other, not only in terms of the pro- curement of goods but also from the perspective of management and human resource development.
The Komatsu Midori-kai comprises 156 member companies that are the main suppliers in Japan. They supply approximately 80% of
the items we procure in Japan. Representatives of Midori-kai member companies and top Komatsu management participate in general con- ferences and roundable discussions for managers, etc. to share policies and issues with each other. We also established regional Midori-kai member comprises for China, North America and Europe. With the addition of the member companies of the Joint Associations of Business Partners in Asia, the total number of overseas member companies exceeds 140.
43
 TOPICS

  Resolution of ESG Issues
Corporate Governance
Basic Stance on Corporate Governance
To become a company which enjoys more trust from shareholders and all other stakeholders, the Company is working to strengthen corporate governance, improve management efficiency, advocate corporate ethics and ensure sound management on a group-wide basis.To further improve the transparency of management for its shareholders and investors, the Company discloses information in a fair and timely manner and actively engages in investor relations’ activities by holding meetings with shareholders and investors.
Corporate Governance Framework
At the Company, the Board of Directors is positioned as the core of corporate governance, and to improve the effectiveness of discus- sions at meetings of the Board of Directors, the Company has worked to put in place a system to ensure thorough discussions of important management matters and prompt decision making, and reform their operational aspect. Having introduced the Executive
Corporate Governance of the Company (As of June 30, 2020)
Officer (Shikko Yakuin) System in 1999, the Company has separated management decision making and supervisory functions from exec- utive functions to the extent permitted by laws and regulations, and while appointing both Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members, limits the Board of Directors to a small number of members.
Figures in represent the number of meetings in FY2019.
   General Meeting of Shareholders
     Recommend
Accounting Auditors (Audit corporation)
  Recommend
Human Resource Advisory Committee
  Compensation Advisory Committee
     44
Elect / Discharge
15 Audit & times
Supervisory Board (Standing 2 / Outside 3)
Collaboration Audit
Elect / Discharge
15 times
Board of Directors (Standing 5 / Outside 3)
Elect / Discharge
Audit
Advise / Suggest
Elect / Discharge / Supervise
Audit reports
    Executive Functions
Report / Submission
3 times
1 time
    Internal Auditing Dept.
  Internal audit
Office of Corporate Auditors’ Staff
 International Advisory Board
President and CEO
Strategy Review Committee
Komatsu Group’s Global Operations
Executive Officers and Global Officers 60
• Japan 32
• Global 28 (including 19 foreign nationals)
Decide on the details of the items including election and discharge / Confirm suitability or independency of the Accounting Auditors
Recommend Audit reports
Major Committees
Product Safety Committee Compliance Committee
Risk Management Committee Export Control Committee Earth Environment Committee CSR Committee
Disclosure Committee
   Collaboration
     
 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 Activities of the Board of Directors
The Company holds Board of Directors’ meetings periodically at least once every month. The Board of Directors deliberates and makes resolutions on important matters, determines management policies of Komatsu, and rigorously controls and supervises the execution of duties by all members of the executive management team including Representative Directors. Of the eight (8) Directors on the Board, three (3) are Outside Directors to ensure transparent
Characteristics of Komatsu’s Board of Directors
and objective management.
To promote efficient management of the Board of Directors, the
Company has established a Strategy Review Committee consisting of Senior Executive Officers and senior managers. Based on the reviews of the Committee, Executive Officers and senior managers execute their duties within the authority delegated by the Board of Directors.
Board of Directors Meeting Attendance and Agenda Item Numbers in FY2019 (April 1, 2019–March 31, 2020)
  • Monthly reports from the CEO (recent important items and other topics)
  Attendance
  Outside Directors
  100%
 Outside Audit & Supervisory members
100%
Agenda item numbers
 Reports
  45
 Deliberations, Resolutions
 28
 Free discussion
  2 times
   • Monthly reports from the CFO (performance, order trends, borrowings, etc.)
  • Annual proposal plans and follow-up
 • Multiple discussions on important items (deliberation → resolution)
 • Business reports to Board of Directors covering nearly 100% of sales-generating activities
 • Proactive expression of opinions by Audit & Supervisory Board Members in addition to Directors
 • Opportunities for free discussion at Board of Directors meetings
Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
The Company is working to improve the effectiveness of the Board of Directors and performs annual evaluations and analyses of the effective- ness of the Board of Directors for this reason.
 Evaluation Process
     Survey
After discussion by the Board of Directors on the method to be used for FY2019 evaluation, based on the method applied in the previous year and the results thereof, the Company conducted a survey out of consider- ation for the nature of an effective Board of Directors.
Outline of the the Results
The assessment shows a generally high level of achievement for each item and confirms that there were no serious problems con- cerning the effectiveness. The Company received excellent evalua- tions for factors, such as the following: the timely sharing of issues, problems, and other information provided in monthly reports by the President himself in Board meetings, the fact that Board members discussed the directions of overall business multiple times from a
variety of viewpoints, and the fact that Board members followed up the conditions of resolutions which were regularly reported.
With respect to the conducting of Board meetings, there were a few suggestions for improvement. The Company will make those improvements and work to make the Board of Directors further effective in the future.
Collection of survey results from all Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
    • Composition of the Board of Directors
• Contents of agendas
• Straightforward and meaningful
discussions
• Provision of information and presentation of
agendas by executives
• Structure through which important matters are reported, proposed, and followed up
• Succession plans for CEO • Other items
Discussion among Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members based on survey responses
Report of discussion results, evaluation and analysis of effectiveness, and discussion of the matters for improvement at meeting of the Board of Directors
  Survey Topics:
 45
 
  Resolution of ESG Issues
Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance Reforms
The Company has proceeded to implement reforms to its corporate governance system in order to ensure effective and adequate perfor- mance of matters related to decision making, management and supervision, such as separation of corporate management from business execution, enhancement of corporate management deci- sion making by the Board of Directors, strict management and supervision of business execution, measures undertaken by Outside Directors to improve transparency and objectivity of management, and measures undertaken by the Audit & Supervisory Board to appropriately audit Directors’ execution of duties. As a means to
supplement executive functions, the Company established the International Advisory Board (IAB) in 1995. Through the IAB, the Company aims to secure objective advice and suggestions from experts from Japan and abroad about how to function as a global company by exchanging opinions and holding discussions. Going for- ward, the Company will pursue increases to the effectiveness of the Board of Directors while appointing Outside Directors to ensure transparency and soundness and promoting openness and account- ability in management.
   Board of Directors 28 members
(0 Outside Directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board
1999:
8 members
(1 Outside Director)
2003:
8 members
(2 Outside Directors)
   2005:
10 members
(3 Outside Directors)
2006: 5 members
(3 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
Executive Officer System (1999)
2017:
8 members
(3 Outside Directors)
  Audit & Supervisory Board (1994)
   1999:
3 members
(1 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member)
1994: 4 members
(2 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
   Other organizations and systems
 Global officers (2016) Compensation Advisory Committee (1999) 4 outside members, 1 standing member
   International Advisory Board (1995) 3–4 domestic and overseas experts
Human Resource Advisory Committee (2015)
3 outside members, 2 standing members
Hitech & Innovation International Advisory Board (2015) 4–6 overseas experts
  Composition of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members (As of June 30, 2020)
Compliance Committee (2001)
Members of senior management and labor representatives
Internal
  Outside Internal
Outside Internal
3
5
Audit & 2 Supervisory
Board women Members
Directors
3
    46
Of whom, 111
Of whom,
non-Japanese women
Of whom,
  
 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 Major Activities of Outside Directors and
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members in FY2019
  Outside Directors
Attendance to the Meetings
Meeting of the Board of Directors 100%
(15 meetings out of the 15 meetings held)
Mr. Masayuki Oku previously served as Representative Director of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, based on his rich experience in the business world, he provided comments at the meet- ings of the Board of Directors concerning such issues as product and service demand trends, busi- ness strategy and utilization of AI. In addition, he was a member of the Company’s Human Resource Advisory Committee and the Compensation Advisory Committee.
Attendance to the Meetings
Meeting of the Board of Directors 100%
(15 meetings out of the 15 meetings held)
Mr. Mitoji Yabunaka previously served as Vice- Minister for Foreign Affairs. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, based on his standpoint as a specialist in international affairs, he provided com- ments at the meetings of the Board of Directors concerning such issues as market conditions in the Asian region, development of emerging markets and environmental measures. In addition, he was a member of the Company’s Human Resource Advisory Committee.
Attendance to the Meetings
Meeting of the Board of Directors 100%
(15 meetings out of the 15 meetings held)
Mr. Makoto Kigawa previously served as Representative Director at both Yamato Holdings Co., Ltd. and Yamato Transport Co., Ltd. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, based on his rich experience in the business world, he provided com- ments at the meetings of Board of Directors con- cerning such issues as the utilization of new technologies, information disclosure policies and ICT strategies using platforms. In addition, he was a member of the Company’s Human Resource Advisory Committee.
Attendance to the Meetings
Meeting of the Board of Directors 100% (15 meetings out of the 15 meetings held) Meeting of the Audit & Supervisory Board 100%
(15 meetings out of the 15 meetings held)
Mr. Kotaro Ohno possesses rich experience in the legal profession. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, based on his professional standpoint, he provided comments at the meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board and the meetings of the Board of Directors concerning such issues as legal compli- ance, internal reporting system and risk manage- ment. In addition, he was an observer of the Company’s Compliance Committee.
   Masayuki Oku
Major Career
Representative Director of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
Mitoji Yabunaka
Major Career
Vice-Minister for Foreign Affairs
   Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
   Hirohide Yamaguchi
Major Career
Deputy Governor of the Bank of Japan
Attendance to the Meetings
Meeting of the Board of Directors 100% (15 meetings out of the 15 meetings held) Meeting of the Audit & Supervisory Board 100%
(15 meetings out of the 15 meetings held)
Mr. Hirohide Yamaguchi previously served as Deputy Governor of the Bank of Japan. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, based on his professional standpoint, he provided comments at the meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board and the meetings of the Board of Directors concerning such issues as M&A risks, inventory management and audit systems. In addition, he was a member of the Company’s Compensation Advisory Committee.
Attendance to the Meetings
Meeting of the Board of Directors 100% (15 meetings out of the 15 meetings held) Meeting of the Audit & Supervisory Board 100%
(15 meetings out of the 15 meetings held)
Ms. Eiko Shinotsuka possesses wide-ranging knowl- edge and experience in fields such as economics, labor relations and law. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, based on her professional stand- point, she provided comments at the meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board and the meetings of the Board of Directors concerning such issues as the compliance system, securing and utilizing human resources, and mental care for employees. In addition, she was a member of the Company’s Compensation Advisory Committee.
Eiko Shinotsuka
Major Career
Professor Emeritus, Ochanomizu University, Commissioner, National Personnel Authority, Member of the Bank of Japan’s Policy Board
Introduction of New Outside Directors
In conjunction with the resignation of Masayuki Oku and Mitoji Yabunaka, the following two new directors were appointed at the General Meeting of Shareholders held in June 2020.
Makoto Kigawa
Major Career
Representative Director at bothYamato Holdings Co., Ltd. andYamatoTransport Co., Ltd.
Kotaro Ohno
Major Career
Prosecutor-General, Special Counsel, Mori Hamada & Matsumoto
     Takeshi Kunibe has considerable knowledge and rich experience in the business world, including the field of finance and in group company management, etc., having served successively as Representative Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of SMBC, as well as Representative Director and President, Director President and Representative Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board of SMFG.
Utilizing this knowledge and experience, his recommendations concerning the overall management of the Company are expected to contribute to sustaining and improving transparency and soundness of management as well as enhancing corporate governance. Therefore, the Company appointed him as an Outside Director.
Mr. Arthur M. Mitchell has worked for many years as a New York state attorney and foreign law attorney in Japan, and has consider- able knowledge and rich experience in the field of international legal affairs.
Utilizing this knowledge and experience, his recommendations concerning the overall management of the Company are expected to contribute to the mitigation and avoidance of risk in the Company’s global business operations, and to the enhance- ment of the Company’s medium- and long-term corporate value. Therefore, the Company appointed him as an Outside Director.
 New
Takeshi Kunibe
 New
Arthur M. Mitchell
47

  Resolution of ESG Issues
Corporate Governance
Activities of Advisory Committees
  Committee Name
  Human Resource Advisory Committee
  Compensation Advisory Committee
 Chairperson
 Outside Director (Masayuki Oku)
 External expert (Advisor: Tsuguoki Fujinuma, The Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants)
   Members
 3 Outside Directors
(Masayuki Oku, Mitoji Yabunaka, Makoto Kigawa) Chairperson of the Board
President
 1 external expert (Advisor: Tsuguoki Fujinuma, The Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants) 1 Outside Director (Masayuki Oku)
2 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members (Hirohide Yamaguchi, Eiko Shinotsuka) Chairperson of the Board
 Purpose
  Selection of next President and deliberation, resolution, and reporting to the Board of Directors on human resource development methods, succession plans, and appointment and dismissal of Directors
  Deliberation, resolution, and reporting to the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board on remuneration systems for Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers to ensure objectivity and transparency
 Meetings in FY2019
  3
  1
   Agenda items in FY2019
  • Selection and cultivation of candidates for next President • Proposal of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board
Members for FY2020
• Terms of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members • Composition of Outside Directors
• Concurrent positions held by Chairman of the Board and
Outside Directors, etc.
  • Monthly compensation levels for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members in FY2020
• Performance-based remuneration for Directors for FY2019 (projections)
• Evaluation methods for the mid-term management plan
    Succession Plans
One of the items contained in the Code of Conduct for Leadership/ Top Management that has been described in the KOMATSU Way since its establishment in 2006 is “continue to think about your suc- cession plan.”
In order to ensure that Komatsu’s management values are trans- mitted to the next generation, the basic requirements for candidates for the position of President are discussed and clearly defined by the Human Resource Advisory Committee. In addition, successors for
Overview of Succession Plans
important domestic and overseas positions up to and including that of the President are decided through the annual implementation of succession plans (see chart below).
Selected successors are assigned to challenging tasks and granted even larger roles in the organization to systematically develop them in an environment that encourages the pursuit of mutual growth.
        48
Succession Plans
Results Feedback
Evaluation and Selection of Successors
Oversight of Implementation Process
Human Resource Relocations and Cultivation
Key Points for Cultivating Leadership/Top Management Successors
Board of Directors
 Human Resource Advisory Committee
1. Foster willpower necessary to overcome challenges by having candidates experience extremely difficult situations 2. Nurture organizational operation capabilities needed to unite parties with differing interests
3. Cultivate compliance awareness to prevent misconduct
  
 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 Remuneration Systems
In an effort to maintain an objective and transparent remuneration system, the policy and levels of remuneration for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members of the Company are deliberated by the Compensation Advisory Committee. Taking its reports and recommen- dations into consideration, the remuneration for Directors is deter- mined by the Board of Directors, and the remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board Members is determined by discussions by the Audit & Supervisory Board Members, respectively, within the range previously determined by resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders. With regards to remuneration levels, their comparison by position at other key, globally active manufacturers in Japan is made by the Compensation Advisory Committee and is reflected in its reports and recommendations. The remuneration for Directors exclud- ing the Outside Directors (hereinafter “Internal Director”) comprises basic remuneration (fixed remuneration) and performance-based remuneration linked to the Company’s consolidated performance for a
single fiscal year (bonus in cash and the Stock-Based Remuneration A) as well as the performance-based remuneration (Stock-Based Remuneration B) that will reflect the degree of achievement of the targets raised in the mid-term management plan, so that it will further contribute to the enhancement of the medium- and long-term corpo- rate value of the Company, by linking the remuneration. The remunera- tion for Outside Directors only consists of basic remuneration (fixed remuneration) designed to support their role to make recommenda- tions with respect to the overall management of the Company as a member of the Board of Directors. Furthermore, the remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board Members only consists of basic remunera- tion (fixed remuneration) designed to support their independent posi- tion with authority to audit the execution of duties by Directors without getting fettered by the movements of corporate performance of the Company. The retirement allowance system for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members was terminated as of June 2007.
 Composition of Remuneration of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Not influenced by Company performance
* The upper limit for Bonus in Cash is set at 12 months’ worth of monthly remuneration; the remainder of bonuses is to be paid as Stock-Based Remuneration A.
  Internal Directors
   Outside Directors and Audits
      Basic Remuneration (Fixed Remuneration)
Performance-Based Remuneration for a SingleYear (Monthly Remuneration x 0–24 months)
Performance-Based Remuneration Linked to Performance of Mid-Term Management Plan
(Monthly Remuneration x 0–3 months)
      Monthly remuneration x 12 months
Bonus in Cash (2/3, in principle)*
Stock-Based Remuneration A (1/3, in principle) Restricted Stocks
Stock-Based Remuneration B Restricted Stocks
     Basic Remuneration (Fixed Remuneration)
   Monthly remuneration x 12 months
  Performance-Based Remuneration Linked to Performance of Mid-Term Management Plan
The Company will pay Internal Directors the equivalent of a three-month portion of monthly remuneration every fiscal year as remuneration linked to the period of the Company’s Mid-Term Management Plan by granting restricted stock as stock-based remuneration (Stock-Based Remuneration B). In deciding Stock-Based Remuneration B, after the expiry of the period of the mid-term management plan, the number of shares on which to lift transfer restrictions (within range of 0–100%) will be decided based on the achievement of the management targets of the Mid-Term Management Plan presented in the following table and as a general rule, the restriction of transfer on the shares will be lifted after three years from delivery.
Management Indicators and Management Targets in Mid-Term Management Plan (FY2019–FY2021)
  Management Indicator
 Management Target
 Growth
 • Sales growth rate
 • Growth rate above the industry’s average*1
 Profitability
 • Operating income ratio
 • Industry’s top-level operating income ratio*1
 Efficiency
 • ROE
 • ROE of 10% or higher
 Financial position
  • Net debt-to-equity ratio*2
  • Industry’s top-level financial position
 Retail finance business
 • ROA
• Net debt-to-equity ratio*2
 • ROA 1.5% to 2.0%
• 5.0 or under for net debt-to-equity ratio*2
   ESG
  • Reduction of environmental impact • Evaluation by external organizations
  • CO2 emissions: Decrease by 50% in 2030 from 2010
Renewable energy use: Increase to 50% of total energy use in 2030
• Selected for DJSI*3 (World & Asia Pacific) and for CDP*4 A-list (Climate Changes and Water Risk), etc.
     Shareholder return
  • Consolidated payout ratio
  • Keep a fair balance between investment for growth and shareholder return (including stock buybacks), while placing main priority on investment
• Set the goal of a consolidated payout ratio of 40% or higher
 *1 Relative comparison with domestic and foreign major competitors in the same industry.
*2 Net debt-to-equity ratio = (Interest-bearing debt – Cash and cash equivalents – Time deposits) / Shareholders’equity of the Company
*3 Dow Jones Sustainability Indices: SRI indices generated by S&P Dow Jones of the United States and RobecoSAM of Switzerland.
*4 International non-profit organization which advocates the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and protection of water resources and forests by companies and governments.
49
 
  Resolution of ESG Issues
Corporate Governance
Major Executive Committees
 Committee Name (Committees indicated with an asterisk [*] are chaired by the President.)
  Purpose
  Meeting Frequency
 Product Safety Committee
Effective promotion of Companywide product safety activities based on basic product safety policies defined in product safety regulations
2 times a year and when necessary
 Compliance Committee*
  Discussion on and decision and execution of policies and important measures pertaining to group-wide compliance
  2 times a year and when necessary
   Risk Management Committee
Primarily discussion and approval of group-wide risk management tasks and risk countermeasures
  1 time a year and when necessary
 Export Control Committee
  Discussion on and decision and execution of policies and important measures regarding group- wide export control (trade security management)
  1 time a year and when necessary
 Earth Environment Committee*
Formulation of group-wide environmental measures and discussion of progress to facilitate promotion of environmental preservation throughout the Group
1 time a year
 CSR Committee*
  Discussion on and decision and execution of group-wide CSR policies and important measures and activities
  1 time a year
   Disclosure Committee
 Discussion and assessment to facilitate accurate information disclosure as required by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and submission of recommendations to internal information control representatives regarding judgments on material developments
   4 times a year and when necessary
   KOMATSU Way Committee*
 Discussion on and decision and execution of policies and important measures regarding human resources, labor affairs, education and human resource development, the KOMATSU Way, total quality management, employee benefits, and occupational health and safety management for the Company and the Group
   2 times a year
      50
TOPICS
Appointments of Advisors of the International Advisory Board
Komatsu established the IAB back in 1995 for the Board of Directors to incorporate, from external experts,
objective advice and suggestions concerning management and operations of Komatsu as a global company. The IAB has met a total of 35 times in the conventional and new organizations combined. In April 2020, Komatsu is going to start the 8th the session of the IAB for Management of the IAB with the following new
advisors. The term of service for each advisor is set at three years as a general rule.
Komatsu will continue to incorporate advice and suggestions from IAB members with expertise in global business, further
improve management and strengthen its corporate governance in order to enhance its corporate value.
 Name
   Current Position and Brief Background
  R. David Hoover
 2018–Present 2015–Present 2009–2018 2000–2015 1996–2013
 Chairman of the Board, Elanco Animal Health
Board of Directors, Edgewell Personal Care Company Board of Directors, Eli Lilly and Company
Board of Directors, Energizer Holdings, Inc.
Board of Directors, Ball Corporation (Chairman, 2002–2013)
 Kusmayanto Kadiman
 2015–Present 2010–Present 2004–2009 2001–2004
  Vice President Commissioner of PT Adaro Power
President Commissioner of BFI Finance
The State Minister for Research and Technology of the Republic of Indonesia President of Bandung Institute of Technology (ITB)
 Risto Siilasmaa
 2006–Present 2012–May, 2020
  Chairman of the Board of Directors, F-Secure Corporation (He is the founder of F-Secure Corporation.)
Chairman of the Board of Directors, Nokia Corporation
 Mitoji Yabunaka
  2010–Present 2014–June, 2020 2008–2010
   Visiting Professor, Ritsumeikan University Outside Director, Komatsu Ltd.
Vice Minister, Ministry of Foreign Affairs
      
 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 Stakeholder Engagement
In order to gain more trust from all stakeholders, the Company is strengthening corporate governance and top management is practicing direct engagement with stakeholders.
  Corporate Value = Total Sum of Trust Given to Us by Society and All Stakeholders
Share information on the Komatsu Group’s vision and Provide as many opportunities for engagement as the issues it faces (employees, suppliers, distributors) Society possible and practice proper information disclosure to facilitate understanding of Komatsu
Direct Communication byTop Management
          Distributors
Distributor meetings
Suppliers
Midori-kai General meetings with management
Employees
Meetings with the president
Customers
Visits from top management
Shareholders
General Meeting of Shareholders Shareholder meetings
Visits to investors worldwide Analysts meetings Financial results briefings
Mass media
Interviews
Communities
Meetings with mayors, governors, etc.
Major Investor Relations Activities in FY2019
To further improve the transparency of management for our shareholders and investors, we disclose information in a fair and timely manner and actively engage in investor relations activities by holding meetings with shareholders and investors.
Engagement Topics
Komatsu holds meetings with institutional investors and securities analysts to deepen their understanding of the Company.
Investors and Analysts
     For Institutional Investors
Financial results briefings (4 times) Small meetings (7 times)
Business briefings (2 times) Business site tours (1 time) Overseas investor relations activities (5 times; approx. 70 companies) Individual meetings (over 240)
For Shareholders and Individual Investors
Shareholder meetings (2 times)
Factory tours for shareholders (10 times) Individual investor meetings (7 times) Gifts of appreciation for long-term shareholders
* Certain tours and briefings have been cancelled as a result of the global COVID-19 pandemic.
Homepage
Financial information
• Financial results briefings
• Sales and profits gains reports
• Quarterly reports, etc.
Web interviews with the president (4 times) KOMATSU REPORT, etc.
     Date
  Meeting Name
  Attendants
  Contents
 September 18, 2019
 Investors Meeting
 39
 (1) Komatsu business development in Africa and (2) Komatsu’s digital transformation strategy
  December 11, 2019
  ESG Meeting
   40
  (1) Solving ESG issues in the new mid-term management plan, (2) KOMATSU REPORT 2019 / corporate governance, and (3) KOMATSU REPORT 2019 / Komatsu’s social contribution activities
    WEB
For materials from meetings held in FY2019, please refer to Komatsu’s corporate website: https://home.komatsu/en/ir/library/results/1203311_1764.html
51
 
  ERSesGoのlのuのtのioのn of ESG Issues Corporate Governance
Risk Management
Basic Principles and Structure for Risk Management
 In addition to the basic policy for risk management to ensure busi- ness continuity and stable development, Komatsu has established Risk Management Rules to correctly recognize and manage risks.
Komatsu has established a Risk Management Committee to devise relevant policies for the entire Group, review the risk man- agement system, and evaluate and improve upon response mea- sures in place for each risk, as well as to take control of risks when they arise. The committee regularly reports on its deliberations and activities to the board of directors.
Komatsu will establish an emergency headquarters when serious risks occur and implement appropriate measures to mini- mize damage.
We are developing risk reporting lines, preparing related man- uals and making other efforts to further improve the risk manage- ment system of the entire Group, including overseas subsidiaries.
We have reflected climate change risks in this system for management.
           Report as needed
52
Risks Surrounding the Company Risk Management System
Hazard Risk
Risks of natural disasters and other disasters caused by external factors
Operational Risk
Inherent risks associated with cor- porate activities such as the viola- tion of laws and scandals
Strategy Risk
Risks related to the significant change of social situations and business uncertainties
Financial Risk
Risks related to finance including fluctuations in interest rates and stock prices
Review regularly
Board of Directors
   President
Report regularly
  Risk Management Committee
(When serious risks are exposed: Emergency Headquarters)
    Risk Management Committee Executive Office (Administration Department)
   Primary division responsible for each risk
• Identify and review risk recognitions
• Perform activities to prevent risks and minimize
their effects
•Take action when a risk is exposed
Each division and each Group company
   Compliance
The Company shall establish the “Compliance Committee” as Komatsu to oversee compliance, and the Committee regularly reports its reviews and activities to the Board of Directors. The Company shall also establish a system to ensure all Directors and employees thorough compliance to business rules as well as laws and regulations through a variety of measures, including the provi- sion of“Komatsu Code of Worldwide Business Conduct,” appoint- ment of the Executive Officer in charge of compliance, and
establishment of the Compliance Department. Through all of these, we work to supervise, educate and train Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and employees.
In addition, the Company shall establish the internal reporting system where those who are discretely reporting questionable actions in light of laws and regulations and business rules will not be given any disadvantageous treatment.
Expert committees
• Product Safety Committee • Compliance Committee • Export Control Committee • CSR Committee
• Earth Environment Committee, etc.
  Basic Manual for Risk Management
Risk Management Rules

 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 Establishing a business continuity plan (BCP) and providing training
 Komatsu has established business continuity plans (BCPs) for individ- ual bases and conducts initial response training drills to prepare pri- marily for earthquakes. At production bases, we implement measures to reinforce the seismic resistance of structures and production equip- ment while implementing countermeasures to safeguard against water and wind damage from concentrated heavy rains and other weather events in order to minimize the impacts of increasingly more severe natural disasters. Moreover, the disaster response reporting chains and standards for frontline sites have been clarified to facilitate
Recent Natural Disasters and Response Measures
Response to the COVID-19 Pandemic
With the safety and health of our customers, partner companies, people in local communities, and our employees and their families set as our priority, the Komatsu Group is striving to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic based on the government policies in each country.
To fulfill our responsibilities to customers involved in businesses that support social infrastructure (essential businesses), we have continued to supply products, parts, and services to our customers while thoroughly taking measures to prevent infection.
In the middle of March, we determined that we had entered the Infection and Pandemic phase, a management item in the Basic Manual for Risk Management, and set up an emergency
Response to Climate Change
Approximately 90% of the CO2 emissions associated with Komatsu Group’s operations are attributable to product operation. Accordingly, we have the potential help mitigate climate change by providing low- carbon products and solutions. However, if efforts to deliver such offerings do not conform to the regulatory requirements of the relevant countries or with the demands of markets, we will risk suffering future impacts to our earnings. For this reason, Komatsu has set the goal of halving the CO2 emissions from product
swift decisions by senior management should a disaster strike.
We are focused on not only strengthening the BCPs of Komatsu
Group but also on strengthening the supply chain system through support of our business partners. Recent initiatives to this effect have included holding nationwide seminars on initial disaster responses and hazard map use led by experts on these subjects. Several partners were invited to take part in these seminars.
Going forward, we will continue to promote and enhance our Groupwide BCP initiatives.
headquarters with our president as its Chairperson. Since the state of emergency was declared in Japan in April, we have carried out remote meetings almost every day that include the president, inter- nal directors, and the heads of functions to share the latest informa- tion about the situation at the global level and determine the correct actions to take. In addition, the president has also regularly reported this information and these actions to the board of directors.
We have posted news releases on our website to keep all stake- holders updated on the status of our mask donation and other support activities, our global production activities, and other matters as needed.
We will continue to exercise accountability toward stakeholders through timely and appropriate information disclosure going forward.
operation by 2030, and R&D activities are being advanced toward the accomplishment of this goal (response to transition risks). Meanwhile, the rise in natural disasters associated with climate change is creating risks of damages to the Company and its supply chain. We are therefore taking steps to identify the water-related risks threatening the Company and its supply chain while instituting BCP drills and other measures to mitigate these risks (response to physical risks).
53
  1995 2007 2011 2018 2019
Great Hanshin Earthquake Chuetsu Offshore Earthquake Great East Japan Earthquake Heavy Rain in West Japan Typhoon Hagibis
     • Initial response manual devel- opment for ensuring safety
• Preparation of disaster response manuals
• Formulation of risk-related regulations
• Business continuity manual development
• Preparation of BCPs for specific bases
• Establishment of headquar- ters BCP drill regulations
• Group-wide deployment of response measures
• Installation of equipment and communications infrastructure • Establishment of base-specific
BCP drill regulations
• Reconfirmation of natural disaster risks and coun- termeasure development
• Improvement of BCP implementation procedures at Komatsu Group and business partners
• Improvement of BCP implementation procedures at individual bases
• Establishment of BCPs for business partners regulations
  Measures appropriate to the phase and local situation
     Safety and security of employees
 Sustainable measures
 Government policy
Management of the physical condition of employees
Avoid the three C’s
Hygiene measures
 
  Corporate Profile
Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Directors
    Chairperson of the Board and Representative Director
1 Tetsuji Ohashi Number of Year (s) in Office
11 years
President and Representative Director, and CEO
2 Hiroyuki Ogawa
Number of Year (s) in Office 2 years
Attendance to the Meetings of the Board of Directors
Director and Senior Executive Officer
3 Masayuki Moriyama
President of Mining Business Division
Number of Shares of the Company Held
52 thousand shares
Important Concurrent Positions Held in Other Organizations:
None
Special Interests Between the Candidate and the Company:
None
4/1982 Joined the Company
6/2019 Took office as Director and Senior Executive Officer
Director and Senior Executive Officer
4 Kiyoshi Mizuhara Number of Year (s) in Office
1 year
  Attendance to the Meetings of the Board of Directors
1 year 11/11 (100%)
Attendance to the Meetings of the Board of Directors
Number of Shares of the Company Held
Number of Shares of the Company Held
Important Concurrent Positions Held in Other Organizations:
Number of Shares of the Company Held
Important Concurrent Positions Held in Other Organizations:
Important Concurrent Positions Held in Other Organizations: Outside Director of Yamaha Motor Co., Ltd. Special Interests Between the Candidate and the Company: None
None
Special Interests Between the Candidate and the Company:
None
4/1985 Joined the Company
4/2019 Took office as President and Representative Director
None
Special Interests Between the Candidate and the Company:
None
4/1983 Joined the Company
6/2019 Took office as Director and Senior Executive Officer
(current)
Outside Director
8 Arthur M. Mitchell NEW Number of Shares of the Company Held None
Important Concurrent Positions Held in Other Organizations:
Foreign lawyer of White & Case LLP
Outside Director of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc.
Special Interests Between the Candidate and the Company:
None
7/1976 Registered as attorney at law in New York State, USA (current)
1/2003 Took office as General Counsel of Asian Development Bank
9/2007 Joined White & Case LLP
1/2008 Registered as registered foreign lawyer in Japan
(current)
Registered foreign lawyer of White & Case LLP (current)
6/2020 Took office as Outside Director (current)
15/15 (100%) 151 thousand shares
15/15 (100%) 55 thousand shares
11/11 (100%) 35 thousand shares
Number of Year (s) in Office
Attendance to the Meetings of the Board of Directors
            4/1977 Joined the Company
4/2019 Took office as Chairperson of the Board and
Representative Director (current)
(current) CEO (current)
(current)
Director and Senior Executive Officer
5 Kuniko Urano Number of Year (s) in Office
2 years
Outside Director
6 Makoto Kigawa Number of Year (s) in Office
4 years
Outside Director
7 Takeshi Kunibe
Number of Shares of the Company Held
NEW
None
Attendance to the Meetings of the Board of Directors
Attendance to the Meetings of the Board of Directors
15/15 (100%)
Number of Shares of the Company Held
Important Concurrent Positions Held in Other Organizations:
Special Advisor of Yamato Holdings Co., Ltd.
Outside Director of Seven Bank, Ltd.
Outside Director of Oki Electric Industry Co., Ltd.
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of The Higo Bank, Ltd.
Special Interests Between the Candidate and the Company:
None
4/1973 Joined The Fuji Bank, Limited (currently Mizuho Bank, Ltd.)
4/2004 Took office as Managing Director, Chief Risk Officer / Head of Risk Management Group, and Chief Human Resources Officer / Head of Human
Resources Group of Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd.
(currently Mizuho Bank, Ltd.)
3/2005 Retired from Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd.
4/2005 Joined Yamato Transport Co., Ltd. (currently Yamato
Holdings Co., Ltd.)
6/2005 Took office as Managing Director of Yamato
Transport Co., Ltd. (currently Yamato Holdings Co.,
Ltd.)
11/2005 Took office as Representative Managing Director of
Yamato Holdings Co., Ltd.
4/2006 Took office as Representative Director and
Managing Executive Officer of Yamato Holdings
Co., Ltd.
6/2006 Took office as Representative Director and Senior
Managing Executive Officer of Yamato Holdings
Co., Ltd.
3/2007 Took office as Representative Director and
Executive Officer of Yamato Holdings Co., Ltd. Took office as Representative Director, President and Executive Officer of Yamato Transport Co., Ltd.
4/2011 Took office as Representative Director, President and Executive Officer of Yamato Holdings Co., Ltd.
4/2015 Took office as Chairman of the Board and Representative Director of Yamato Holdings Co., Ltd.
6/2016 Took office as Director of the Company (current) 4/2018 Took office as Director and Chairman of Yamato
Holdings Co., Ltd.
6/2019 Special Advisor of Yamato Holdings Co., Ltd.
Important Concurrent Positions Held in Other Organizations:
Chairman of the Board of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc.
Outside Member of the Board of TAISHO PHARMACEUTICAL HOLDINGS CO., LTD
Outside Auditor of Nankai Electric Railway Co., Ltd. Special Interests Between the Candidate and the Company:
None
4/1976 Joined The Sumitomo Bank, Ltd. (currently Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, hereinafter the “SMBC”)
6/2003 Took office as Executive Officer of SMBC
10/2006 Took office as Managing Executive Officer of SMBC
4/2007 Took office as Managing Executive Officer of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc. (hereinafter “SMFG”)
6/2007 Took office as Director of SMFG
4/2009 Took office as Director and Senior Managing
Executive Officer of SMBC
4/2011 Took office as Representative Director, President
and Chief Executive Officer of SMBC 4/2017 Took office as Representative Director and
President of SMFG
Retired from Director of SMBC 6/2017 Took office as Director President and
Representative Executive Officer of SMFG 4/2019 Took office as Chairman of the Board of SMFG
(current)
6/2020 Took office as Outside Director (current)
Number of Shares of the Company Held
15/15 (100%)
None
34 thousand shares
Important Concurrent Positions Held in Other Organizations:
None
Special Interests Between the Candidate and the Company:
None
4/1979 Joined the Company
6/2018 Took office as Director and Senior Executive Officer
(current)
            54
(current)
(As of June 30, 2020)
President of Construction Equipment Marketing Division
     Supervising Safety & Health Care, Corporate Communications, and CSR

 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
  Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
1 Hironobu Matsuo
Number of Shares of the Company Held
22 thousand shares
Important Concurrent Positions Held in Other Organizations:
None
Special Interests Between the Candidate and the Company:
None
4/1982 Joined the Company
6/2017 Took office as Standing Audit & Supervisory Board
Member (current)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
3 Hirohide Yamaguchi
Number of Shares of the Company Held 0 shares
Important Concurrent Positions Held in Other Organizations: Chairman of the Advisory Board of Nikko Financial Intelligence, Inc. (currently Nikko Research Center, Inc.) Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Mitsui Fudosan Residential Co., Ltd.
Special Interests Between the Candidate and the Company: None
4/1974 Joined the Bank of Japan
10/2008 Took office as Deputy Governor of Bank of Japan
3/2013 Retired from Bank of Japan
7/2013 Took office as Chairman of the Advisory Board of
Nikko Financial Intelligence, Inc. (currently Nikko
Research Center, Inc.) (current)
6/2014 Took office as Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
2 Terumi Sasaki NEW
Number of Shares of the Company Held
21 thousand shares
Important Concurrent Positions Held in Other Organizations:
None
Special Interests Between the Candidate and the Company:
None
4/1983 Joined the Company
6/2020 Took office as Standing Audit & Supervisory Board
Member (current)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
4 Eiko Shinotsuka
Number of Shares of the Company Held 0 shares
Important Concurrent Positions Held in Other Organizations: Professor emeritus at Ochanomizu University
Special Interests Between the Candidate and the Company: None
4/1993 Took office as Professor at Ochanomizu University 4/2008 Took office as Professor emeritus at Ochanomizu
University (current)
6/2015 Took office as Audit & Supervisory Board Member
of the Company (current)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
5 Kotaro Ohno
Number of Shares of the Company Held 0 shares
Important Concurrent Positions Held in Other Organizations: Attorney at law, Special Counsel of Mori Hamada & Matsumoto
Outside Director of AEON Co., Ltd.
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Menber of ITOCHU Corporation
Special Interests Between the Candidate and the Company: None
4/1976 Appointed as Prosecutor
7/2009 Took office as Vice-Minister of Justice
7/2012 Took office as Superintending Prosecutor of Tokyo
High Public Prosecutors Office
7/2014 Took office as Prosecutor-General of Supreme
Public Prosecutors Office
9/2016 Retired from the position of Prosecutor-General of
Supreme Public Prosecutors Office
11/2016 Attorney at law, Special Counsel of Mori Hamada
& Matsumoto (current)
6/2017 Took office as Audit & Supervisory Board Member
of the Company (current)
                  WEB
Komatsu’s Independence Standards for Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members can be found via the link below. https://home.komatsu/en/ir/profile/corporate-governance/independence-criterion.html (As of June 30, 2020)
of the Company (current)
55

  Corporate Profile
Executive Officers and Global Officers (As of June 30, 2020)
Executive Officers
Senior Executive Officer (Senmu) Yuichi Iwamoto
Chief Technology Officer (CTO) Supervising Research & Development and Environment
Senior Executive Officers (Jomu) Susumu Ueno
President, Japanese Domestic Marketing, Construction Equipment Marketing Division
Masaki Nobuhara
President, Production Division
Taiichiro Kitatani
Vice President, Construction Equipment Marketing Division
GM, ICT Project Department GM, Project Promotion Department
Naoki Fujita
Supervising Industrial Machinery Business Chairman of the Board, Komatsu NTC Ltd. (Part time)
Seiichi Fuchita
President, Development Division
Yoshiharu Sato
President, Quality Assurance Division
Kazuya Kuriyama
President, Procurement, Production Division
Kazuaki Miura
Vice President, Japanese Domestic Marketing, Construction Equipment Marketing Division
President, Komatsu Customer Support Japan Ltd.
Takeshi Horikoshi
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
Koichi Honda
GM, Human Resources Department Supervising Education
Executive Officers
Keiko Fujiwara
GM, Department for Promotion of Distributor HR Development, Construction Equipment Marketing Division
GM, Business Reform Department, Construction Equipment Marketing Division
Chikashi Shike
President, Smart Construction Promotion Division
Yasuo Suzuki
Vice President, Production Division (Responsible for Parts & Reman)
Nozomu Okamoto
Awazu Plant Manager, Production Division
Masami Naruse
Vice President, Development Division GM, Vehicle Development Center 1, Development Division
Takuya Imayoshi
GM, Business Coordination Department GM, Komatsu Economic Strategy Research Center
Kosei Okamoto
President, Product Marketing Division
Kenichi Tanaka
President, Defense Systems Division
Shinji Maeda
President, Information Strategy Division
Norikatsu Nishiyama
Himi Plant Manager, Production Division
Hiroshi Makabe
Supervising Legal, General Affairs & Compliance
Mitsuko Yokomoto
GM, General Affairs Department Responsible for Risk Management
Hidefumi Obikane
Oyama Plant Manager, Production Division GM, Aftermarket Technology Development Department
Toru Sunada
President, Service Division, Construction Equipment Marketing Division
Takayuki Furukoshi
Osaka Plant Manager, Production Division
Kenichi Sato
President, Aftermarket Business Division, Construction Equipment Marketing Division GM, Marketing Department, Aftermarket Business Division, Construction Equipment Marketing Division
Jun Taniguchi
Vice President, Development Division GM, ICT System Development Center, Development Division
Naoyuki Sakurai
Ibaraki Plant Manager, Production Division
    56

 Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 Executive Officers (Global) Note: Executive officers overseas concurrently serve as global officers.
 North America
Senior Executive Officers
Rodney Schrader
Chairman & CEO, Komatsu America Corp.
Jeffrey Dawes
President & CEO, Komatsu Mining Corp. Vice President, Mining Business Division
Korekiyo Yanagisawa
EVP & COO, Komatsu Mining Corp.
Ichiro Nakano
Vice President, Mining Business Division Technical Director, Modular Mining Systems, Inc.
Executive Officers
Taisuke Kusaba
President & COO, Komatsu America Corp.
Gary Kasbeer
Executive Vice President & CFO, Komatsu America Corp.
Yuushi Oshikawa
Executive Vice President & President, North America R&D Division, Komatsu America Corp. Technical Director, Komatsu Mining Corp.
Global Officers North America
Peter Salditt
President, Underground and Hard Rock Mining, Komatsu Mining Corp.
John Koetz
President, Surface Mining, Komatsu Mining Corp.
Jorge Mascena
President & CEO, Modular Mining Systems, Inc.
John Fiedler
President, Hensley Industries, Inc.
South America
Executive Officer
Yasuji Nishiura
Representative of All Latin America* Operations
President, Komatsu Cummins Chile Ltda. President, Komatsu Holding South America Ltda.
Asia/Oceania
Executive Officer
Pratjojo Dewo S.
President, PT Komatsu Indonesia
China
Senior Executive Officer
Yasuhiro Inagaki
Representative of All China Operations Chairman, Komatsu (China) Ltd.
Executive Officers
Quanwang Zhang
President & CEO, Komatsu(China) Ltd.
Takashi Yasukawa
President, Production & Procurement Division, Komatsu (China) Ltd.
Africa
Executive Officer
Michael Blom
President & MD, Komatsu South Africa (Pty) Ltd.
Asia/Oceania
Charoen Ruengwilai
President, Bangkok Komatsu Co., Ltd.
Sean Taylor
Managing Director, Komatsu Australia Pty. Ltd.
China
Fangchang Liu
President, Komatsu (Shandong) Construction Machinery Corp.
Dechun Tian
President, Komatsu Shantui Construction Machinery Co., Ltd.
    * “Latin America” does not include Brazil
Europe
Senior Executive Officer
Masatoshi Morishita
President & CEO, Komatsu Europe International N.V.
Executive Officer
Umeda Hiroyuki
President, Komatsu Forest AB
      Europe
Paul Blanchard
President & MD, Komatsu UK Ltd.
Göksel Güner
Chief Operating Officer, Komatsu Europe International N.V.
Ralf Petzold
President & MD, Komatsu Germany GmbH
Ingo Büscher
Executive Vice President & President, Construction Division, Komatsu Germany GmbH
David Bazzi
President & MD, Komatsu Italia Manufacturing S.p.A.
57

  Corporate Profile
11-Year Summary
Net sales
Operating income Operating income ratio (%)
Income from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of affiliated companies
Net income attributable to Komatsu Ltd. Capital investment
Depreciation and amortization*1 Research and development expenses
Total assets
Shareholders’ equity Shareholders’ equity ratio (%) Net interest-bearing debt*2 Net debt-equity ratio (times)
Net cash provided by operating activities
Net cash used in investing activities
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Cash and cash equivalents, end of year
Number of common share issued (thousands of shares) Net income attributable to Komatsu Ltd. per share (yen) Cash dividends per share (yen)
Consolidated payout ratio (%)*3
ROA (%) ROE (%)
Exchange rate for the U.S. dollar (yen)*4 Exchange rate for the Euro (yen)*4
Exchange rate for the Chinese Renminbi (yen)*4
1,431,564 67,035 4.7
64,979 33,559
96,191 90,215 46,449
1,959,055 833,975 42.6 502,818 0.60
182,161 (72,967) (116,363) 82,429
998,744 34.67 16.0 38.0
3.3 4.1
93 131 13.6
1,843,127 222,929 12.1
219,809 150,752
97,738 88,442 49,005
2,149,137 923,843 43.0 459,110 0.50
150,402 (88,509) (56,365)
84,224
998,744 155.77 38.0 24.4
10.7 17.2
85 113 12.7
1,981,763 256,343 12.9
249,609 167,041
122,038 89,015 54,843
2,320,529 1,009,696 43.5 563,814 0.56
105,608 (124,539)
18,781 83,079
983,130 173.47 42.0 24.2
11.2 17.3
79 110 12.4
1,884,991 211,602 11.2
204,603 126,321
136,962 88,005 60,788
2,517,857 1,193,194 47.4 585,926 0.49
214,045 (131,397) (71,814)
93,620
983,130 132.64 48.0 36.2
8.5 11.5
83 107 13.2
 FY2010
FY2011
FY2012
                                                  58
Number of employees (persons) Overseas employee ratio (%)
*1 Depreciation is the total of depreciation on property, plant and equipment and on intangible assets. *2 Net interest-bearing debt = Interest-bearing debt – Cash and equivalents – Time deposits.
*3 Figures for FY2009 exclude structural reform expenses.
*4 Average exchange rates for the fiscal year.
FY2009
 38,518 51.9
41,059 55.5
44,206 57.5
46,730 64.3
     CO2 emissions (thousand t)
Waste generated (thousand t) Volume of water used (thousand m3)
359 69.5 7,022
554 111.1 7,400
583 119.5 6,784
468 112.1 5,737
      
  Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 FY2013
 FY2014
 FY2015
 FY2016
 FY2017
 FY2018
  FY2019
 1,953,657 240,495 12.3
242,056 159,518
1,978,676 242,062 12.2
236,074 154,009
1,854,964 208,577 11.2
204,881 137,426
1,802,989 174,097 9.7
166,469 113,381
2,501,107 268,503 10.7
291,807 196,410
2,725,243 397,806 14.6
377,471 256,491
2,444,870
250,707
10.3
223,114
153,844
  179,070 85,837 64,479
192,724 100,666 70,715
160,051 111,174 70,736
142,006 103,219 70,507
145,668 132,442 73,625
179,210 129,860 73,447
166,552
129,525
74,761
    2,651,556 1,376,391 51.9 513,918 0.37
2,798,407 1,528,966 54.6 481,817 0.32
2,614,654 1,517,414 58.0 349,081 0.23
2,656,482 1,576,674 59.4 286,512 0.18
3,372,538 1,664,540 49.4 663,740 0.40
3,638,219 1,815,582 49.9 779,890 0.43
3,653,686
1,771,606
48.5
762,705
0.43
    319,424
(167,439) (155,349)
90,872
343,654 (181,793) (143,983) 105,905
319,634 256,126 (148,642) (133,299) (173,079) (107,718) 106,259 119,901
148,394 202,548 (377,745) (187,204) 243,949 (3,660) 144,397 148,479
295,181
(190,930)
(3,457)
247,616
    983,130 167.36 58.0 34.7
971,967 971,967 971,967 971,967 162.07 145.80 120.26 208.25 58.0 58.0 58.0 84.0 35.8 39.8 48.2 40.3
972,252 271.81 110.0 40.5
972,581
162.93
94.0
57.7
    9.4 8.7 7.6 6.3 9.7 10.8 12.4 10.6 9.0 7.3 12.1 14.7
6.1
8.6
    100
133 16.3
110 121 109 111 111 140 132 119 130 129 17.7 19.0 16.2 16.8 16.5
 109
121
15.6
    47,208 61.8
  47,417 61.0
  47,017 60.7
  47,204 62.7
  59,632 66.7
  61,908 68.4
  62,823
68.4
  458 101.4 5,114
 412 83.2 4,265
 342 62.4 3,627
 384 83.5 3,351
 459 113.1 4,016
 519 117.8 3,941
 404
95.1
3,557
  Millions of yen
    59

  Corporate Profile
Non-Financial Highlights
   Reduction of CO2 Emissions from Product Operation
       60
(%)
500 400 300 200 100
0
(Frequency rate)
Changes in Reman Sales (Base FY2004 = 100)
451 402
349
313
Incidence Rate of Occupational Accidents
(Frequency Rate of Lost Work Time)
250 270 200
239
304
414
2.0
1.5
1.0
0.5
0.0
1.66 1.61
1.02
0.81
0.87 0.79 0.42 0.32
1.63 1.66
0.73 0.79
1.83 1.44
1.80
0.88
 137 160 168 156 100 112
0.72 0.75 0.56 0.59 0.45 0.46
 7.0 8 8 400 4
129
800
0.05
2014
0.14
2015
0.32
0.36
0.20
All industries (Japan)
CO2 Emission Index for Product Operation
   In the mid-term management plan (FY2019–FY2021), Komatsu has set the target of reducing the CO2 emissions from the operation of products (construction, mining, and forest equipment) by 50% by 2030 (compared to 2010).
To evaluate progress toward this goal, we compared the performance of the current year’s products to the products of the reference year (2010) and estimated CO2 reduction rates through the improvement of fuel consumption and work efficiency. The products of 2019 achieved a CO2 reduction of 14%, compared to the reference year.
100 80 60 40 20 0
100
88
86
Komatsu Group (Japan and Global) Komatsu Group (Japan)
Komatsu (Non-consolidated)
Notes: 1. The data for all industries (Japan) and construction and mining equipment manufacturing industry (Japan)
are provided by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare.
2. The scope of Komatsu Group (Japan) includes Komatsu Ltd. and Group companies in Japan.
3. The scope of Komatsu Group (global) includes “Komatsu Group (Japan)” and overseas production plants.
Target
50
  2010 2018 2019 2030
 0.44 0.29
0.16
 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
(FY)
2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
Construction and mining equipment manufacturing industry (Japan)
   Number of Global Officers
Female Managers
(People)
32
24
16
000
Numbers and Ratios of Female Employees and
  27
26
18
1,281
1,321
29
(People)
1,600
1,200
1,463
(%)
16
12.3 12
        16
18
12.0
   5.5
 94
12.2
  6.2
109
  2017 2018 2019 (FY) ■ Total ■ National top managers out of total executive officers
2017 2018 2019 (FY)
■ Number of female employees  
■ Number of women in management and executive positions
Ratio of female employees (right scale)
Ratio of women in management and executive positions (right scale)
  
  Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 Corporate Profie
External Evaluations and Index Inclusion
WEB
For more information on the above indexes, please refer to Komatsu’s corporate website: https://komatsu.disclosure.site/en/themes/133
        CDP Climate A-List
Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI)
MSCI Global Sustainability Indexes*1
FTSE Blossom Japan Index*2
S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index
Grand Prix of the Corporate Value Improvement Award, Tokyo Stock Exchange
   EURONEXT VigeoEIRIS
 MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index*1
   ISS-Oekom
     MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index*1
      Digital Transformation Stock Selection Grand Prix 2020
SBT
  *1 THE INCLUSION OF KOMATSU LTD IN ANY MSCI INDEX, AND THE USE OF MSCI LOGOS, TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS OR INDEX NAMES HERIN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE A SPONSORSHIP, ENDORSEMENT OR PROMOTION OF KOMATSU LTD BY MSCI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES. THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES AND LOGOS ARE TRADEMARKS OR SERVICE MARKS OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES.
*2 FTSE Russell confirms that Komatsu has been independently assessed according to the index criteria, and has satisfied the requirements to become a constituent of the FTSE Blossom Japan Index. Created by the global index and data provider FTSE Russell, the FTSE Blossom Japan Index is designed to measure the performance of companies demonstrating strong Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) practices. The FTSE Blossom Japan Index is used by a wide variety of market participants to create and assess responsible investment funds and other products.
61
 
                                      62
Corporate Profile
Corporate Information
(As of March 31, 2020)
Name
Komatsu Ltd.
Head Office
2-3-6 Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo 107-8414
Date of Establishment
May 13, 1921
Common Stock Outstanding
Consolidated: ¥68,689 million based on U.S. GAAP
Non-consolidated: ¥70,973 million
Major Shareholders
Number of Employees
Consolidated: 62,823 Non-consolidated:11,692
Average age (non-consolidated) : 39.5 Average years of continuous
service (non-consolidated) : 15.1
Shares of Common Stock Issued and Outstanding
972,581,230 shares
(including shares of treasury stock)
Number of Shareholders
230,041
Number of Shares perTrading Unit
100
Securities Code
6301 (Japan)
Stock Listings
Tokyo
Transfer Agent for Common Stock/ Management Institution for Special Account
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
4-5, Marunouchi 1-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8212, Japan
Depositaries (ADRs)
The Bank of New York Mellon
101 Barclay Street, New York, NY 10286, U.S.A.
Tel: +1-(201)-680-6825 for international calls and 888-269-2377 (888-BNY-ADRS) for calls within U.S.A.
URL: https://www.adrbnymellon.com/ Ticker Symbol: KMTUY
          Number of shares held (Thousands of shares)
75,533
45,657
32,244
27,200
26,626
22,815
18,449
17,835
15,951
14,237
  The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY 505223
(Standing proxy: Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Settlement & Clearing Services Division)
Taiyo Life Insurance Company
Nippon Life Insurance Company (Standing proxy: The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd.)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 7)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385151
(Standing proxy: Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Settlement & Clearing Services Division)
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON AS DEPOSITARY BANK FOR DEPOSITARY RECEIPT HOLDERS (Standing proxy: Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation)
Shareholding ratio (%)
7.99
4.83
3.41
2.87
2.81
2.41
1.95
1.88 1.68
1.50
213 shareholders 1,068 shareholders 226,946 shareholders 1,648 shareholders 166 shareholders
                                                             Notes: 1. Shareholding ratio is calculated by subtracting treasury stock.
2. Although the Company holds 27,479 thousand shares of treasury stock, it is excluded from the major shareholders listed above.
 Stock Information (including shares of treasury stock)
    Breakdown of Shareholders (%)
Financial .......................... 34.5% Foreign ............................ 39.1%
Individual and other.........20.7% Corporate .......................... 2.5%
Securities .......................... 3.1%
335,868,341 shares 380,368,180 shares 201,375,918 shares
24,395,112 shares 30,573,679 shares
     
  Komatsu’s Business Model Komatsu’s Growth Strategies Resolution of ESG Issues Corporate Profile through Growth Strategies
 About KOMATSU REPORT
Published annually, Komatsu report (integrated report) provides financial and non-financial information on the Company’s efforts to realize continuous, long-term improvements in corporate value. Separate reports are prepared and disclosed to provide detailed financial information and information on environmental and social initiatives.
 Structure of Komatsu’s Annual Reports
  KOMATSU REPORT
(Integrated reporting)
   Annual Securities Report
(Financial conditions)
* KOMATSU REPORT, Annual Securities Report and ESG Databook, in both Japanese and English, are uploaded on Komatsu’s website. * Komatsu Ltd. issues the Komatsu Report only on the website.
ESG Databook
(Social activities and Environmental performance)
 Please refer to “Annual Securities Report” for more company and financial information.
• Overview of the Company and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries
• Business Overview
• Property, Plants and Equipment
• Information on the Company
• Financial Information
WEB https://home.komatsu/en/ir/library/annual-security-report/
Please refer to “ESG Databook” for more infor- mation concerning social and environmental efforts.
• Stance on CSR Efforts
• Theme 1: Enhancing Quality of Life
(Safety, environmental indexes, etc.) • Theme 2: Developing People (Diversity, etc.)
• Theme 3: Growing with Society (Compliance, risk management, governance, etc.)
WEB https://komatsu.disclosure.site/en
  • Komatsu has signed the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC).
Click this link for more information about the Ten Principles advocated by the UNGC and how they pertain to Komatsu’s initiatives. https://komatsu.disclosure.site/en/themes/129
Komatsu has joined the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD).
  63
 
 2-3-6, Akasaka, Minato-ku,Tokyo 107-8414, Japan https://home.komatsu/en
Corporate Communications Department
e-mail: JP00MB_info@global.komatsu
