Securing Safe Navigation
Supporting Safe Navigation
Safe navigation is at the core of the Company’s management. We work to achieve zero marine accidents, to say nothing of zero accidents causing injuries or casualties, and support safe navigation under the following systems with the knowledge that safe navigation of vessels is a top priority for promoting the conservation of the global environment, especially the marine environment.
Onboard education on fire extinguishing equipment
Accident Zero Achievement Committee
The Accident Zero Achievement Committee analyzes the causes of accidents that have occurred for vessels managed by the Company, looking in detail at both physical/hardware aspects and systemic or “soft” aspects. The committee also analyzes the causes in chronological order and examines preventive measures. This information is fed back to each vessel with the aim of achieving zero accidents.
Safety Management System Management Committee
Proposals for improvements from vessels under our management, accident statistics, internal audit results of vessels and the vessel management division, and matters pointed out by external vessel inspections, such as PSC (port state control), are reported to the Safety Management System Management Committee. This committee then reviews the safety management system and quality management system—the core components of vessel management—and continually makes improvements.
Near-Miss Reporting System
In April 2017, we established the Near-Miss Analysis Committee to more effectively utilize near-miss accidents.
The leader of the Safety Management Group serves as the committee chair and the leader of the Ship Management Group serves as the vice-chair. The committee also includes several other members and the secretariat. The aims of the Committee are to improve the crewmembers’ awareness of safety and to build a safety culture.
Near-miss accidents reported by vessels are first categorized by committee members into two categories: issues requiring more detailed analysis and other issues.
For issues requiring more detailed analysis, the superintendents in charge interviews crewmembers, requests an investigation to manufacturers, and reports to the committee. The committee performs a multifaceted investigation of incident causes, proposes effective
countermeasures to prevent a reoccurrence, and reports them as official documents to each vessel.
With other issues, near-miss accidents are officially reported to vessels and they are provided with cautionary information.
Near-miss reporting system Issues requiring detailed analysis Superintendents in charge Interviews with crewmembers
On-site investigation Manufacturer investigation
Reporting
Re-investigation
Near-Miss Analysis Committee Multifaceted cause investigation
Proposal for effective reoccurrence prevention
Notification
     Vessels
 Shipboard Safety and Health Committee
Shipboard Safety and Health Committee meetings, chaired by the captain and all crew members attend, are held once a month. The aim is to raise awareness of safety and health management as well as environmental conservation onboard vessels.
A Shipboard Safety and Health Committee meeting
BRM and ERM Training for Safe Navigation
At sea, on the bridge of ships the captain and watchkeepers share information and are prepared at all times to respond efficiently and effectively to changes in circumstances. Also, in the engine room, all the engineers under the chief engineer's command work together to achieve safe engineering operations by proactively managing equipment and information. Maritime incidents or disasters are mostly the result of
BRM training
  NS United REPORT 2020 21
Sustainable Growth and Value Creation Initiatives
Securing Safe Navigation
an error chain consists of a series of non- serious incidents. Bridge and engine team members must recognize when an error chain is developing, and then take action to break the chain.
Bridge Resource Management (BRM) and Engine Resource Management (ERM) training are effective for cutting an error chain to prevent major incidents and disasters. This training is regularly given to all crewmembers using land-based training simulators.
Safety Campaigns
The NS United Kaiun Group conducts campaigns to raise safety awareness.
The Company carried out a campaign from October 2019 to March 2020 with the theme of GO AHEAD STEP BY STEP!! The goals were 1) preventing accidents resulting in injuries or deaths, 2) thoroughly protecting the environment, and 3) establishing a safe shift system. The president, executives, group leaders, and team leaders visited vessels during the campaign period. Meetings were held with crewmembers with the aim of improving onshore-onboard communication. The main objective of this project is for onshore and onboard staff to work together as one to further strengthen the Company’s fleet safety management system. To reach that objective, everyone from the president down will be reminded of the importance of safe navigation, the foundation of the Company management.
Under the slogan “Striving for Zero Accidents,” NS United Naiko Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd. twice a year formulates specific action targets and visits all vessels that the Company operates. The goal is to raise awareness of the significance of safe navigation among the crewmembers. During the first campaign, the focus was on earthquakes and accident countermeasures. During the second campaign, the focus was on preventing trouble with fishing vessels and accidents during embarkation and disembarkation.
Campaign Challenges:
(1) Distributing campaign posters
(2) Presenting awards to the winning vessels of the previous FY
(3) Distribution of campaign materials
(4) Familiarization with preventive measures using past examples of accidents and problems
NS United Coastal Tanker Kaisha, Ltd. announces Priority Safety Objectives and Voyage Safety Declarations every month. These announcements are shared with operated vessels, as well as vessel
NS United Coastal Tanker Kaisha, Ltd.: President Yoshikawa visits a vessel during a safety campaign
owners, to improve safety awareness. The Company also conducts educational campaigns for safe operation, with an annual Zero Dense Fog Accident Campaign and a New Year’s Zero Accident Campaign.
Achieving zero accidents and zero injuries is a never-ending mission. To engage in sustained and concerted efforts to fulfill this mission, the NS United Kaiun Group will continue holding safety campaigns and offer a back-to-basics opportunity to maintain safety awareness. We will also continue working to communicate closely between the shore-based management and the onboard operation, as part of ongoing initiatives to ensure the safe navigation of all vessels.
President Tanimizu visits our operated vessel’s engine room
Vessel Inspections
Vessels safety inspections are carried out by our marine superintendents once every year to ensure the safety of ships operated by the Company. In addition, technical superintendents visit vessels every six months to check the condition of the vessels, to give instructions to crewmembers, and to verify onboard maintenance plans. Internal audits are carried out annually to confirm compliance with our safety management system, quality management system, environmental management system, and ship security plan.
Although the spread of COVID-19 has made vessel visits difficult, we are working to establish other ways of assessing vessel conditions, such as remote inspections.
In addition to these inspections for our owned vessels, chartered vessel inspections are carried out based on the Company’s standard inspection checklists whose contents are regularly reviewed and revised. We visit overseas vessel owners and their ship management company, with whom we have close relationships, to explain the contents of our findings and the checked items, and to exchange information with them. By directly conveying this information to those in charge, we seek to maintain a high safety level of our fleet.
An internal audit onboard a vessel
   22 NS United REPORT 2020