With Our Customers and Suppliers
Customer Satisfaction
NS United Kaiun is principally engaged in the worldwide shipping of raw materials, energy resources, and products for industry. Toward the customers’ needs for cargo transportation throughout the world, we strive to offer timely shipments employing the most suitable vessels, safely and at competitive rates. We enable this by fully employing the information and know-how on trade that we have accumulated over time at bases in the UK, the US, Singapore, and in Tokyo, as well as by keeping up with the global shipping market with our 24-hour system. We believe our business style, visiting domestic and overseas customers to actively communicate with them, as the foundation of generating customer satisfaction, regardless of whether a project is long term or a spot voyage. We further build trust and develop our reputation from customers worldwide as “a first-class tramper.”
Participation in Safety Meetings with Customers and Partners
NS United Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd., together with coastal shipping companies NS United Naiko Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd. and NS United Coastal Tanker Kaisha, Ltd., has continued to forge strong ties with domestic parties from shippers in various industries such as steel mills, power stations, oil refineries, gas plants to port-related personnel, and has participated in many safety conferences all over Japan to ensure the safety of vessels entering/leaving port and the safety of the region. We cooperate on periodic surveys and have implemented risk management programs related to accidents, disasters, and environmental pollution.
Emergency Response and Public Communication
NS United Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd. is always ready to manage an emergency response together with customers, salvagers, insurers, shipping agents, shipyards, and other partners, as well as related authorities, in accordance with regulations regarding the handling of disasters at sea and other emergency circumstances. We also have systems in place to provide public explanations at appropriate times through the media and the Company's website.
Ensuring Safety and Quality in Shipping Services
The mission of the Group is to provide customers with high-quality marine transportation services. Therefore, we established and are maintaining an environmental management system that complies with the ISO 14001 international standard for environmental management, and implemented the system throughout the Group’s marine shipping services. Moreover, NS United Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd. and NS United Naiko Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd., respectively implemented a safety management system by incorporating the ISO 9001 international standard for quality management, into ship management.
  ISO 14001:2015 certificate of EMS registration
ISO 9001:2015 certificate of QMS registration
Efficient Stowage and Cargo Preservation
The Group draws up stowage plans for high-value steel products, plant infrastructures, and other cargoes, as well as supervises cargo operations on site. We use our accumulated experience and expertise on cargo characteristics and world port conditions to preserve and efficiently transport cargoes.
  Emergency response drill: meeting on emergency measures
Structure loading: stowage that considers cargo shapes and lashing space
NS United REPORT 2020 19