With Our Employees
Basic Employment Policy
We have a fundamental assumption that our core staff, both administrative and technical, are permanent employees. In the spirit of Japan's Law on Securing Equal Opportunity and Treatment between Men and Women in Employment, employment is based solely on the abilities and aptitude of each person, and the growth of employees is fostered by the Company's training system.
We have introduced a retirement age of 60. We have also established a reemployment program so employees who have reached the age of 60 can be rehired under one-year employment contracts; contracts can be renewed until employees are 65 years old. We will continue to consider this program in response to social demand.
Concerning our non-Japanese crews, we strive to improve retention rates on vessels managed by the Group by increasing the types of training available to officers and ratings, supporting in-house executive training through our qualification support system, and giving preference to long-term employees. Further, to explore and develop outstanding human resources, NS United Kaiun established a scholarship system.
Work-Life Balance
Through recent workstyle reforms and the diversification of workstyles, we are now cultivating a corporate culture where employees can maximize their potential and their individuality. We strive to further improve productivity and create positive workplaces. Specific examples include maternity protection, including both maternity leave and maternity pay, as well as childcare support, such as childcare leave, and reduced working hours. We are also offering nursing care leave and reduced working hours for employees providing nursing care. Through these programs that beyond what are required by law, we are creating working environments that are conducive to long-term employment, regardless of age or gender.
We have decided to introduce a flex-time system from August 2020, and, with the cooperation of shore unions, are listening to feedback from employees regarding the implementation.
We have been allowing employees to work from home since early March 2020. Although this emergency measure is originally meant to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and ensure the safety of our employees, we have introduced this as a permanent system in October.
We place high importance on enabling employees to maintain a good balance between work and home and to lead satisfying lives. For example, we have designated every Wednesday as a “no overtime day.” We also allow employees who meet certain conditions, such as years of continuous service and age, to take sabbaticals for self-improvement, and we provide subsidies for the sabbaticals. Further, we thoroughly ask everyone within the Company to use their paid leave. In fiscal 2019, all employees meeting the criteria of the Revised Labor Standards Act, which was revised in conjunction with the workstyle reform bill, took the mandated minimum five days of annual leave.
The Company provides dormitories for single employees (two locations in the Tokyo area), company housing, an employee savings system, a supplementary housing loan system, and various other welfare and benefit programs, in addition to helping fund for employee
cultural groups that engage in cultural activities (including sports). In April 2008, the Company also introduced lump sum childrearing support payments.
Personnel System
In fiscal year 2001, the Company introduced a personnel system for promotions and advancement based on an assessment of the individual’s abilities, motivation, and performance. Since its introduction, the Company has fine-tuned the system based on the opinions of employees. This system has the primary aim of making certain that every individual works at his or her level of competence, and to help them develop his or her abilities, while ensuring fair treatment.
Employee Health and Safety
All the shore-based employees of the NS United Kaiun Group receive annual health checkups, and the Company pays for comprehensive physical examinations for employees who satisfy the requisite conditions. The head office also has a Health Maintenance Office where an industrial physician with professional knowledge of mental health and an administrator with nursing qualifications offer physical and mental health consultations and guidance on a regular basis. The programs provided also include health guidance for preventing metabolic syndrome and other lifestyle-related diseases, preventive health education on infections, mental health checkups, and seminars on mental health. Mandatory pre-embarkation health checkups are provided for crewmembers before boarding. They are also given guidance of periodic health checks while on board.
The global spread of COVID-19 has also caused difficulties switching out crewmembers. Stricter entry restrictions by individual countries as protection measures at ports and airports, together with flight cancellations and reductions by airlines, have increased the number of ports where crew changes are no longer possible. At ports where crewmembers can be changed, we are taking specific steps, such as having crewmembers self-quarantine for a period of time before boarding, tracking crewmembers’ health, and having crewmembers undergo PCR testing to reduce the risk of bringing the COVID-19 virus onboard. When it is not possible to change crews at ports of call, ships are diverted to ports where crew changes are possible and crewmembers are switched there to avoid being at sea for long periods.
Creation of Positive Working Environments
The percentage of women that make up our workforce is gradually rising. While there are no women in executive positions, over the past three years women have made up 40% of all new graduate hires for the main career track. Considering the significant life events that can place a heavy burden on women, we believe that creating a workplace environment favorable to ongoing employment is an important task. We are undertaking this task by using a variety of effective means such as IT-based approaches to improve operational efficiency and information sharing.
NS United REPORT 2020 15
Sustainable Growth and Value Creation Initiatives
16
NS United REPORT 2020
With Our Employees
Personnel Development
We intend to contribute to the development of society by providing trusted and high-quality marine transportation services. To do this, we have identified nurturing and mobilizing employee abilities as one element of our management philosophy. Specifically, we provide training tailored to the rank and the requirements of employees so that all of them can become a professional in the field of international shipping. On-the-job training (OJT) is at the core of this system which includes training for new employees, training in shipping practices, training at shipping agencies, onboard training, overseas training, and grade-specific and job-specific education.
Training system
focus on providing trainees with practical skills, giving concrete examples.
● In the onboard training program, shore-based employees (second year or later) plan and execute two to four weeks of work on one of the vessels under the Company’s operation. This training focuses on increasing the trainees’ understanding of ships and their awareness of the importance of communication between shore and sea and safe navigation.
● In the overseas training program, shore-based employees in roughly their fifth year or later are sent for one year or so to the Company’s overseas subsidiaries to improve their language skills, their negotiating skills in a global environment, and their understanding of other cultures, with the aim of shaping them into future global leaders.
● The grade-specific training includes basic MBA training provided inhouse for assistant managers and managers. There are six educational themes: leadership, management strategy, critical thinking, marketing, accounting, and finance. The goal of this training is to develop future business leaders.
After joining the Company, crewmembers work at sea for three to four years and then cycle between shore and sea work in intervals of roughly three to five years. Through these transfers, they gather experience as seamen and for shore-based operations management, developing as independent officers with broad perspectives.
For non-Japanese crewmembers, we have a promotion support system and skill improvement training programs that include pre- boarding seminars both in the country of recruitment and in Tokyo, classroom training, assistance in obtaining advanced marine certifications, and OJT.
         Grade-specific training (officers, assistant managers, managers, etc.)
  Training in shipping practices
Personal development support (language skills, official certifications)
  ● Training in shipping practices allows trainees to select from among multiple courses offered by the Company and maritime industrial associations covering a broad range of subjects from sales/ marketing, insurance, and regulations to technology and treaties. Mid-career employees serve as instructors for internal education programs for employees learning about business practices, and we
 An example of workstyle diversity
I was a member of the Tramp Chartering Group, Ocean-going Tramp Team, First until taking my first period of maternity leave. I was primarily responsible for operations of vessels carrying steel products. I gave birth to my daughter in June 2015 and returned to work in April 2016, becoming a member of the Finance and Accounting Group, Voyage Accounting Team, where I used the reduced working hour system. Then, in May 2018, I gave birth to my son, returning to work in April 2019 and continuing to use that system.
When I came back from my first period of childcare leave, I was assigned to the same section where I had worked when I first joined the Company. Since many years had passed, I struggled with the accounting operations, sometimes having to suddenly take time off due to health issues involving my daughter. I was unable to work like I had before giving birth and was not sure what to do, but my superiors and the other people on my team supported me. Thanks to them, I made it through that rough patch. When I returned to work, my superiors and colleagues welcomed me back, impressing on me again what a warm culture the Company has.
A year has passed since coming back to work after the birth of my second child. We now have staggered work hours and flex-time, making the working environment even more positive. Because of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, I found myself in a totally new work situation, raising my children while working from home. However, thanks to staggered work hours, the impact on my family has been minimal. I am currently using the flex-time system, coming home earlier to have more time with my family. One of the great things about the Company is that not only does it have these systems, but the Company’s culture actively encourages us to use them. I
will continue to maintain a good work-life balance while contributing to the Company’s business through my day-to-day work.
  Ayuna Shigezumi
Finance and Accounting Group, Voyage Accounting Team
Pre-hire training (language, general education, etc.)
New hire training (business manners, computer skills)
Assignment
Follow-up training
On-the-job training
Training at shipping agencies
Onboard training Overseas training

Training System
    Naoki Nimura
Capesize Group, Capesize Team, Second (at the time)
Onboard Training
Onboard Training May 4 to 23, 2019
UNITED CROWN 181,381 DWMT
(V38 Jingtang to Port Hedland, iron ore)
Other inspections and visits
Visit to Wilhelmsen Ships Service on May 23; Visit to Almanac Singapore on May 27
 The ultramarine color of the open sea. The expansive sky, stretching from horizon to horizon. Countless stars twinkling overhead at night. I was deeply moved by my experiences with nature, experiences I could never have while in the office. As our ship navigated a steady course, I was in awe of the size of the world and keenly felt the importance of our mission.
It is embarrassing to say this, but I have always been concerned about what others thought of me. However, during the training period, I had time to look inward. I realized how meaningless this fixation was and decided to live my life with confidence. I may have found myself by going into the open seas. The image I have now is, “and the ship kept sailing on.”
★Holiday
The Indian chief engineer, the Bangladeshi first engineer, and I gathered in the Indian captain’s quarters for a small party. They considered their countries to be part of a shared homeland and got along well. We roared with laughter, talking about subjects ranging from politics and culture to work and marriage. It was an unforgettable experience.
  Dawn at Port Hedland
Agency training Nagoya
October 21 to November 1, 2019, Port Operation Department, Goyo Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd.
Port Hedland anchorage, viewed through binoculars
    Waseto Jo
Capesize Group, Capesize Team, Second
In our training, as I was with the others, I learned a lot in the limited time available about the roles of agents at ports, procedures for obtaining accurate information about vessels’ arrival and departure movements, stevedoring plans, pilot and tugboat arrangement, document creation, and other day-to-day operations that ship operators normally do not have the chance to observe.
What particularly made an impression on me was seeing how much agents valued building good relationships with people in the field every day, and how those good relationships enabled them to smoothly perform high-quality work. I was also allowed to observe work on numerous vessels and saw docking and undocking, unloading work, draft surveying, and other operations with my own eyes. It was an invaluable experience.
  Onboard training for tugboat operations. Towing an incoming vessel.
Aboard UNITED ETERNITY, a vessel under the Company’s operation, the captain, foreman, and agent’s staff prepare departure documents.
NS United REPORT 2020 17