Sustainable Growth and Value Creation Initiatives
With Our Shareholders and Investors
Timely Disclosure of Company Information
We comply with all laws and regulations of the Financial Instrument Exchange Act, and with the timely disclosure rules set by the Tokyo Stock Exchange. Based on transparency, fairness, and continuity, we strive to ensure the timely and appropriate disclosure of IR information, by providing shareholders and investors with important information that could affect investment decisions, through our website, news media, and the Tokyo Stock Exchange's Timely Disclosure Network (TDnet). We also proactively provide certain information that is not required to be disclosed according to the timely disclosure rules if we believe the information is important for shareholders and investors.
In addition, the Company's Investor Relations Committee—composed of executives and general managers in the General Affairs Group, the Finance and Accounting Group, and the Project Group—has formulated a public relations policy governing the release of information intended for investors. This committee is charged with responding to media coverage, holding press conferences and posting articles on the Company's website.
IR Materials on Our Website
● Securities Report, Quarterly Securities Report (in Japanese)
● Corporate Governance Report (in Japanese)
● Corporate Disclosure
● Financial Results and Supplementary Financial Highlights
● Materials for General Shareholders’ Meeting
● Business Reports (in Japanese)
● NS United REPORT (integrated report in Japanese and English)
Interactive Communication
NS United Kaiun works to provide information to domestic and overseas institutional investors. As much as possible, the Company holds individual briefings with securities analysts and investors upon request, answering questions and explaining the status of operations. In line with a policy established by the Investor Relations Committee, at least one executive and one person from the committee secretariat participate in these briefings. We held 14 individual briefings during fiscal year 2019.
Dividends to Shareholders
To the Company, shareholder returns are an essential aspect of management. Our policy is to maintain sustainable dividend payments that match the Company's performance while securing enough retained earnings to generate stable corporate growth and to respond to changes in the business environment.
In order to better convey our proactive stance on profit distribution, we maintain a payout ratio of approximately 30% to reflect consolidated financial results. In fiscal year 2018, we paid out an interim dividend for the first time in a decade (since fiscal year 2008).
In fiscal year 2019, we paid out an interim dividend of 45 yen per share and a year-end dividend of 35 yen, for a total annual dividend of 80 yen.
We have positioned “establishing a resilient management base” as a key strategy of our newly established medium-term business plan. We will build a stronger financial base while continuing to provide stable dividends, in this way meeting the expectations of our shareholders and all our other stakeholders.
  Front page of the Company's website
 IR webpage
18 NS United REPORT 2020