Sustainable Growth and Value Creation Initiatives
Corporate Governance
1 Corporate Governance
Based on our corporate philosophy of contributing to the development of society by providing trusted and high-quality marine transportation services, we strive for the sound and sustainable growth of the Group and to improve corporate value over the medium to long term, while responding to the expectations and earning the trust of shareholders, customers, and all other stakeholders. To this end, we have developed corporate governance systems suited to the characteristics of the Group’s operations. These systems are periodically reviewed, with an eye on continual improvement, by enhancing the efficiency, soundness, and transparency of corporate management.
Basic Principles
The Board of Directors, having members who are highly knowledgeable about the Company’s business and management, makes decisions on important operational concerns as well as basic management policies. Further, the Company has established an Audit & Supervisory Board, or a board of auditors as defined in Japan’s Companies Act. From their independent standpoint, the Audit & Supervisory Board members are expected to exercise their authority to supervise directors and executive officers in the performance of their duties, particularly by attending Board of Directors’ meetings. We believe that this system is effective for ensuring efficient and sound corporate management.
The members of the Audit & Supervisory Board, who have a wealth of related experience and advanced knowledge in their fields of expertise, carry out routine audits of the Company’s financial status and monitor the activities of directors and executive officers to ensure that
their duties are being effectively carried out, in cooperation with the Company’s independent public accountant, the Internal Audit Office, and corporate auditors from the Group companies, as appropriate. In addition, to increase the opportunities for the Board of Directors to make decisions from a broader perspective and to boost management supervision, the Board of Directors includes outside directors with a wealth of experience and broad knowledge of corporate management and other areas of expertise.
The Company seeks to appropriately disclose information to increase the transparency of management and to help our stakeholders more accurately understand the Group’s business conditions. In addition to compulsory disclosures, including legal and regulatory requirements relating to financial instruments exchange, we voluntarily offer financial and nonfinancial information to the best extent possible and in a timely and easy-to-understand way.
Corporate Governance System
NS United Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd., a company with a Board of Directors, strives to maintain and improve management efficiency through meetings of the Board of Directors, composed of eight directors including four outside directors (as of June 25, 2020). In June 2007, the Company introduced an executive officer system to precisely address changes in the management environment. We are also a company with an Audit & Supervisory Board, and three of the four Audit & Supervisory Board members are also outside Audit & Supervisory Board members (as of June 25, 2020). Audit & Supervisory Board members attend meetingsOrganization Chart Including the Management System of Internal Controls (As of June 25, 2020)Elections
Elections
Elections  Nomination and Compensation Advisory Committee
Inquiries
Advice
Supervision
Supervision
(Resolutions) President
Board of Directors
8 Directors Including 4 Outside Directors (Including 3 Independent Directors)
Outside Directors
Independent Board Members
Board of Executive Officers
Supervision
Supervision
Assisting with monitoring system operations
Supervision
Executive Officers
Audit & Supervisory Board
4 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
3 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members (Including 1 Independent Audit & Supervisory Board Member)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members Independent Board Members
Suggestion/Recommendation
Assistance; coordinator
Internal audit
Cooperation
 Executive Officer in charge of Internal Controls and Corporate Ethics
Independent Public Accountants
Cooperation
     Each Executive Officer
  GL Committee (Note)Various Committees
CSR Committee
Report
Budget Execution Committee General Systems Planning Committee Investment Committee Project Teams
   Safety and Health Committee Investor Relations Committee Safety and Environmental Committee Disaster Prevention and Countermeasures Committee
Internal Control and Compliance Committee
     Internal Audit Office
Assistance
  Executives and Employees of
Company Divisions, Subsidiaries
Overseas Offices, Ships
Office of the Internal Control and Compliance Committee
Assistance
Operational audit Audit of accounts
Exchange of opinionsAudit of accounts
   Note: Composed of the Company’s group leaders.
AttorneysGeneral Shareholders’ Meeting
30 NS United REPORT 2020
of the Board of Directors, the Board of Executive Officers, the CSR Committee, and various other committees to conduct audits of business operations and accounting in a timely, appropriate way. Three of the directors and one of the Audit & Supervisory Board members are appointed to serve as independent board members who ensure the objectivity and neutrality of the management review process. The Company also established the Internal Audit Office in July 2006 to manage risk and support the evaluation of internal controls in compliance with Japan’s Companies Act and the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act. By order and instruction from the president, the Internal Audit Office audits operations in every division in cooperation with the Audit & Supervisory Board to improve the effectiveness of corporate governance. In addition, we established control systems at the Company as well as Group companies in compliance with the Corporate Governance Code, formulated by the Financial Services Agency and the Tokyo Stock Exchange. We will also revise internal rules, as needed, to further enhance corporate governance. Since September 2016, we have arranged opportunities for the president and internal directors to regularly exchange information with outside directors.
● Board of Directors
The Board of Directors, as the Company’s primary decision-making body, discusses and decides on basic policy and the most important matters connected with Group management. The Board of Directors is the decision-making body regarding matters stipulated by law; and the articles of incorporation and critical management issues defined in the discussion standards in our Regulations of Board of Directors. Furthermore, it is the body that supervises business operations. As a rule, the Board of Directors meets once per month. The Board of Directors comprises four internal directors (four of whom concurrently serve as executive officers), including the chairperson, the president, and representative director and four outside directors (three of whom are outside directors who are registered with the Tokyo Stock Exchange as independent directors as defined by the Tokyo Stock Exchange).
● Board of Executive Officers
In accordance with the basic policy decided on by the Board of Directors, the Board of Executive Officers, as a rule, meets weekly to deliberate and decide on important matters related to business execution and management and to coordinate in advance the matters to be discussed by the Board of Directors. It includes 14 executive officers, selected by the Board of Directors, including the chairperson, the president executive officer.
● Audit & Supervisory Board
The Audit & Supervisory Board has four members; one is an internal Audit & Supervisory Board member and three are outside Audit & Supervisory Board members. This board wields the authority required by law, organizes the Board of Directors meetings, defines auditing standards, and performs effective audit of the legal issues and the reasonableness of operations by directors, executive officers, and employees. Specifically, members attend the abovementioned meetings of the Board of Directors and the Board of Executive Officers, as well as important meetings and committee sessions of the CSR Committee, Internal Control and Compliance Committee, the Safety and Environmental Committee, and the Budget Execution Committee. The Audit & Supervisory Board strives
to identify management issues, to assess business conditions, to prevent violations of laws and the articles of incorporation, and to perform accurate and effective audits.
● CSR Committee
The CSR Committee meets regularly every year to deliberate and decide on issues related to corporate social responsibility, one of the core elements of the Company’s foundation. It comprises seven executive officers, including its chair, the president executive officer, as well as the president of NS United Naiko Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd. and the president of NS United Coastal Tanker Kaisha, Ltd., key Group companies. The CSR Committee deliberates and decides on CSR activity policies, provides direction from a CSR perspective to the internal committees (the Internal Control and Compliance Committee, Safety and Environmental Committee, Investor Relations Committee, Disaster Prevention and Countermeasures Committee, and Safety and Health Committee). It also approves the editing of this report (NS United REPORT).
● Nomination and Compensation Advisory Committee The Nomination and Compensation Advisory Committee was established as an advisory body serving the Board of Directors to improve neutrality, objectivity, and accountability of the functions of the Board of Directors when making decisions on nominations and compensation for the directors. This committee comprises two internal directors including the president and representative director, and three outside directors, and is chaired by an independent outside director. Committee members are chosen by the president / representative director.
● Overview of the Results of the Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Continuing on from fiscal year 2018, in fiscal year 2019, as well, a questionnaire was administered to all directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members in order to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. The results of the study were shared with the Board of Directors. The study found that the composition, roles, and operation of the Board of Directors were functioning appropriately, and the Board of Directors was, as a whole, effective.
In fiscal 2019, the Board of Directors strove to make meetings opportunities for in-depth discussions that become the basis of considerations of future plans, such as the Medium-Term Business Plan. The Board of Directors will continue to leverage the expertise of outside directors by enriching the content of deliberations and by engaging in deep discussions among the directors, working even harder to improve the Board’s effectiveness.
● Executive Compensation
(1) Policy for Deciding Compensation
(a) Basic composition of compensation, etc.
Compensation for directors currently consists of fixed compensation, performance-based bonuses (executive bonuses) reflecting business performances for the fiscal year, and performance-based stock purchase compensation that reflects medium- and long-term increases in corporate value. Performance-based compensation, which consists of executive bonuses and stock purchase compensation, is designed to account for at most roughly one third of total compensation, and the ratio is identical for all positions.
(b) Fixed compensation
Fixed compensation is paid each month, and the standard amount is
NS United REPORT 2020 31

Sustainable Growth and Value Creation Initiatives
Corporate Governance
based on the director’s position, taking into consideration the capabilities and responsibilities required of directors in the shipping industry, as well as conformity with global standards and wage gaps with employees.
(c) Executive bonuses
In order to provide incentives for maintaining and improving revenues, bonuses are linked to dividends per share and are paid as compensation linked to short-term performance. This is based on dividend policies and the assumption of payment of special allowances to a certain percentage or more of employees.
(d) Share purchase compensation
Share purchase compensation is paid as compensation linked to medium- and long-term performance. This compensation is linked to the degree of achievement of the current Medium-Term Business Plan and the amount of increase in corporate value (stock value). Specifically, stock purchase compensation is paid based on comprehensive evaluations which reflect the degree of achievement of Medium-Term Business Plan targets such as operating income, return on equity (ROE), and debt equity ratio (DER), the company’s stock price, and safe navigation results. It aligns directors’ interests with the interests of shareholders. Directors provide amounts equivalent to the stock purchase compensation they receive to the directors’ shareholding association, purchasing stocks through the association. Calculation methods are reviewed and revised when
formulating new Medium-Term Business Plans. One of the elements of the Company’s management philosophy is “safe navigation.” We recognize this as a critical element that supports the foundation of marine transportation company management, so compensation is reduced only in the event of failure to meet targets for ship stoppage rates, which are an index of safe navigation. Compensation is not increased even if targets are achieved.
(e) Compensation for outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members
Outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members are paid fixed compensation since they are responsible for performing audits and providing advice regarding the Company and the entire Group’s management from a position independent of business operations. Outside director compensation is decided by resolution of the Board of Directors, and Audit & Supervisory Board member compensation is decided through deliberation by Audit & Supervisory Board members.
(2) Procedures for Determining Compensation
Compensation for directors is determined by the Board of Directors based on inquiries to and advice from the Nomination and Compensation Advisory Committee, which comprises five directors, including the president / representative director (a majority of which are outside directors).
 Directors
 Total fixed compensation (compensation for outside directors)
 Total performance-based compensation
  Audit & Supervisory Board Members
 Total fixed compensation
(compensation for outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
   ¥173 million (¥20 million) ¥50 million
¥57 million (¥34 million)
10 persons (4 persons) 6 persons
4 persons (3 persons)
     Note: The total amount of compensation for the Directors indicated above includes the amount paid to one director who retired on June 26, 2019 at the close of the 93rd Ordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting held on the same day.
 2 Risk Management
Risk Management System
Risk management regulations have been established as fundamental requirements for risk management. By following these requirements, we meet our corporate social responsibility, even if substantial risks impacting management should emerge. Based on these regulations, the relevant departments of the Company analyze risk and study assessments to such risk that could arise in the course of business activities. The Board of Executive Officers and Board of Directors discuss and determine these issues, in addition to performing a year- end review of risk items and report of management implementation status based on the Risk Item List.
In fiscal year 2019, we confirmed that risks were being properly managed as a whole; all risk items are managed in accordance with internal rules which are created and revised as necessary, and hedging was properly carried out against those risks.
In addition, the Investment Committee was set up in August 2016 to identify any possible impact on and risks to the Company associated with large and high-risk projects under consideration, before investment decisions are made by the Board of Executive Officers.
Appropriate Management of Personal Data
To safeguard personal data, NS United Kaiun has been appropriately controlling information that can identify individuals, such as data
regarding employees. We have adopted a policy of not offering personal data to any third party unless required by law or when approval has been obtained from the individuals themselves. Data is only used for the intended purposes.
In conjunction with the enforcement of Japan’s revised Act on the Protection of Personal Information, the Company completely updated internal regulations on the management of personal data and made them known at all Group companies. Since that time, we have taken steps to ensure that all personal data is being managed appropriately.
In addition, following the introduction of the Social Security and Tax Number System, we promptly established internal regulations for handling specified personal information in January 2016, and have complied with the new rules since then.
Business Continuity Plan (BCP)
NS United Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd. established a BCP following the Great East Japan Earthquake so that, in the event of a major disaster or other emergency, the Company can safeguard employees and their families as well as continue operations to fulfill the responsibility of delivering marine transportation services to customers as contracted.
In addition, the Emergency Response Manual was created to set out initial actions to be taken in the event of an emergency. Among these actions, the highest priority is given to promptly confirming the safety of
32 NS United REPORT 2020

employees and their families and reporting the results according to the established reporting line. To familiarize employees with the related procedures, periodic emergency drills are conducted using internal programs developed for employee safety.
At the same time, an international communications network has been
3 Promoting Compliance
Compliance Promotion System
Everyone in the Group understands that maintaining relationships of trust with stakeholders is the foundation of our sustainable growth together with the communities that we serve. To reinforce this concept, we created a Group Corporate Philosophy, along with a Corporate Code of Conduct, designed for putting the spirit of our philosophy into practice. Moreover, an Internal Control and Compliance Committee chaired by the president has been set up to promote full compliance throughout the Group. The committee strives to raise awareness of compliance so that all officers and employees obey all laws and regulations, as well as internal rules, social norms, and business ethics while performing their everyday work.
Compliance Advisory Service Desks (Whistleblower Hotlines)
NS United Kaiun established two Compliance Advisory Service Desks (whistleblower hotlines), one inside and one outside the Company, to accept direct reports from employees who become aware of contraventions of the law, misconduct, or similar acts committed by executives or other employees. Both hotlines accept anonymous reporting. Whistleblowers are guaranteed protection from unreasonable treatment as a result of making a report, with the goal of protecting individuals who report company information that is in the public interest.
4 Internal Controls
Guided by Japan’s Companies Act and our Enforcement Ordinance, the Board of Directors has established a basic internal controls policy, while also working to ensure the reliability of financial reports in accordance with the provisions of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act. In recent years, internal controls and compliance initiatives taken by corporations have been attracting an increasing amount of public attention. In that context, the Company merged the Internal Control Committee and the Compliance Committee into the Internal Control and Compliance Committee in April 2018 with a view to more effectively address these issues Company-wide. The committee membership was
set up to enable the Company’s headquarters and subsidiaries outside Japan to relay information in the event of an emergency. Guidelines have been drawn up for initial emergency response via the network, and similar emergency drills are carried out.
Further, the Company has appointed a female in-house compliance adviser to field inquiries via the internal hotline, while the external consultation hotline is handled by an outside lawyer.
Compliance Awareness Month
NS United Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd. has designated October as the month for raising compliance awareness and is engaged in several activities across the Group. The campaign aims to remind all officers and employees of the importance of this theme, implementing a range of activities to further enhance their awareness as well as give them the knowledge and information needed to practice compliance. In fiscal 2019, our president delivered a message about compliance to all officers and employees; internal seminars on harassment were conducted; awareness was raised within the Company regarding our internal controls; and a sense of responsibility for compliance was fostered among employees so that everyone can be actively engaged in compliance during their regular duties in their departments. Further, the Company conducted an employee attitude survey on internal controls and shared the results with employees in order for them to recognize issues in each department, which helped create a more open working environment.
also reorganized to strengthen our own internal controls, with every executive officer in charge of a business division appointed as a member and the president / representative director appointed as the chairperson. We find that internal control programs contribute to the improvement of management quality, and our highly reliable financial reporting heightens the credibility of NS United Kaiun among both society and corporate stakeholders. All the directors and employees of NS United Kaiun will work together to strengthen compliance, establish an appropriate internal control system, and put it into practice.
   5 Basic Policy on Communication with Shareholders and Investors
NS United Kaiun is committed to effectively communicating with shareholders and investors. After receiving an interview request, the Investor Relations Committee begins a process based on annual plans and investor relations (IR) standards. In general, executives in charge of IR meet with and respond to individual interviewers. Interviews are held year-round, excluding the time prior to periodic reporting of financial results. At General Shareholders’ Meetings, we readily provide information and respond to individual questions in an appropriate way. At a later time on the same day, we hold a
dialogue session in which shareholders are invited to speak directly with our executives.
For IR interviews, executives in charge of IR deal with the required tasks in accordance with internal rules on handling insider information (non-public material information about the business).
In response to Japan’s fair disclosure rules (FDR)* that went into effect from April 2018, we created a manual that includes these rules and distributed it to everyone responsible for disclosing IR- related information.
* These rules ensure that information is supplied fairly to all investors when a listed company provides important information that could affect the Company’s stock price to a third party before disclosing it to the public.
NS United REPORT 2020 33

Sustainable Growth and Value Creation Initiatives
Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Executive Officers (As of June 25, 2020)
Directors (* indicates outside director)
Kazuo Tanimizu
President / Representative Director / President Executive Officer
Masahiro Samitsu
Director
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Mitsuhiro Oyamada
Director
Managing Executive Officer
      Profile
Apr. 1981 Jun. 2005 Oct. 2012
Apr. 2014 Apr. 2015 Jun. 2015 Apr. 2016
Apr. 2018 Jun. 2018
Joined Sumitomo Metal Industries, Ltd. (currently Nippon Steel Corporation)
General Manager of Raw Materials Dept., Steel Sheet, Plate & Structural Steel Company
Executive Counselor, General Manager, Head of Div., Raw Materials Div.-I Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Corporation (currently Nippon Steel Corporation) Executive Officer, Head of Div., Raw Materials Div.-II Executive Officer
Director (outside), NS United Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd. Managing Executive Officer, Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Corporation
Executive Officer
President, Representative Director, NS United Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd. (incumbent)
Profile
Apr. 1980 Sep. 2003 Nov. 2006 Apr. 2007 Apr. 2008 Apr. 2009 Apr. 2013 Jun. 2013 Apr. 2015 Apr. 2017 Jun. 2017
Joined Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha
General Manager of Bulk/Energy Atlantic Group General Manager of Fleet Management Group General Manager of Tramp Co-ordination Group General Manager of Corporate Planning Group Corporate Officer
Managing Corporate Officer
Director, Managing Corporate Officer
Director, Senior Managing Corporate Officer Director
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, NS United Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd. (incumbent)
Profile
Apr. 1982 Jun. 2007 Oct. 2010
Jun. 2011 Jun. 2012 Jun. 2016 Jun. 2017
Joined Shinwa Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd.
General Manager of Ore/Bulk Carrier Group
General Manager of Capesize Group, NS United Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd.
General Manager of Project Group
Executive Officer, General Manager of Project Group Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer (incumbent)
   Kanji Ishikawa
Director
Managing Executive Officer
Kazuma Yamanaka
Masayuki Kinoshita
Independent Director*
Profile
Apr. 1978 Apr. 2004 Apr. 2007
Apr. 2008
Apr. 2010
Apr. 2011
Jun. 2011
Apr. 2012
Apr. 2014
Apr. 2016 Jun. 2016 Jun. 2016
Apr. 2019
   Profile
Oct. 1981 Oct. 2010
Jan. 2014
Jun. 2015 Jun. 2017 Jun. 2018
Joined Shinwa Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd.
General Manager of Ship Management Group, NS United Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd.
Senior Counselor, General Manager of Ship Management Group
Executive Officer
Director, Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer (incumbent)
Director*
Profile
Apr. 1986
Apr. 1999 Jul. 2002
Apr. 2011 Nov. 2011
Apr. 2012 Oct. 2012
Apr. 2014 Apr. 2017 Apr. 2018 Apr. 2019 Apr. 2020 Jun. 2020
Joined Nippon Steel Corporation (currently Nippon Steel Corporation)
Group Manager, Personnel Dept., Yawata Works Manager, External Assignment Center, Personnel & Labor Relations Div.
Department Manager, Personnel Dept., Human Resources Div.
(General Manager), Department Manager, Personnel Dept., Human Resources Div.
General Manager, Human Resources Div.
General Manager, Human Resources Div. of Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Corporation (currently Nippon Steel Corporation)
General Manager, Head of Div., General Administration Div., Kashima Works
Executive Counselor, General Manager, Head of Div., Machinery & Materials Procurement Div.
Executive Officer Head of Div., Machinery & Materials Procurement Div.
Executive Officer Head of Div., Machinery & Materials Procurement Div.
Executive Officer Procurement : Raw Materials, Machinery & Materials (incumbent)
Outside Director, NS United Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd. (incumbent)
Joined Mitsui & Co., Ltd.
General Manager, Corporate Planning & Strategy Div. Deputy Chief Operating Officer, Mineral & Metal Resources Business Unit
Managing Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Mineral & Metal Resources Business Unit
Executive Managing Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Mineral & Metal Resources Business Unit
Executive Managing Officer, Chief Information Officer, Chief Privacy Officer
Representative Director, Executive Managing Officer, Chief Information Officer, Chief Privacy Officer Representative Director, Senior Executive Managing Officer, Chief Information Officer, Chief Privacy Officer Representative Director, Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer, Chief Privacy Officer Director
Counselor
Outside Director, NS United Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd. (incumbent)
Counselor, Kakaku.com, Inc. (incumbent)
34 NS United REPORT 2020

  Setsu Onishi
Independent Director*
Isamu Nakamura
Independent Director*
  Profile
Apr. 1978 Apr. 2002
Apr. 2004
Jun. 2004 Apr. 2005
Apr. 2007 Apr. 2010 Jun. 2010
Apr. 2011 Jun. 2011 Jun. 2011 Apr. 2013 Jun. 2016 Apr. 2017
Jun. 2017 Mar. 2018
Joined The Industrial Bank of Japan, Limited
General Manager of Corporate Banking Division No. 8, Mizuho Corporate Bank Ltd. (currently Mizuho Bank, Ltd.)
General Manager of Corporate Banking Division No. 8 and No. 4
General Manager of Corporate Banking Division No. 14 Executive Officer, General Manager of Corporate Banking Division No. 14
Managing Executive Officer, Head of Global Syndicated Finance Unit, Head of Global Financial Products Unit Deputy President & Executive Officer Head of Internal Audit Group, Mizuho Financial Group, Inc.
Deputy President (Representative Director) Head of Internal Audit Group
Director
Adviser, IBJ Leasing Co., Ltd.
Director, Vice President
Director, President
Councilor, Mizuho Financial Group, Ltd.
Senior Counselor, Nippon Commercial Development Co., Ltd. (incumbent)
Outside Director, NS United Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd. (incumbent)
Audit and Supervisory Board Member (outside), Showa Denko K.K. (incumbent)
Profile
Nov. 1979
Jul. 2003
Oct. 2004
Jun. 2006 Jul. 2009 Jul. 2010
Jun. 2012
Jun. 2013 Apr. 2016
Jun. 2018 Apr. 2020
Jun. 2020 Jun. 2020
Joined Tokio Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (currently Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.)
General Manager, Kansai Government Sector & Financial Institutions Dept.
General Manager, Kansai Government Sector & Financial Institutions Dept. of Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. General Manager, Defined Contribution Pension (401k) Dept. General Manager, Banking Channels Business Promotion Dept. Executive Counselor and General Manager, Banking Channels Business Promotion Dept.
Executive Officer and General Manager, Banking Channels Business Promotion Dept.
Managing Executive Officer
President & Chief Executive Officer, Tokio Marine Nichido Better Life Service Co., Ltd.
Outside Director of Nippon Care Supply Co., Ltd.
Corporate Adviser, Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co.,Ltd. (part-time)
Outside Auditor, The Shizuoka Bank, Ltd. (incumbent)
Outside Director, NS United Kaiun Kaisha, Ltd. (incumbent)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members (* indicates outside auditor)
Executive Officers
Yoshifumi Nakata
Managing Executive Officer
Kazushi Fukuda
Managing Executive Officer
Naruhiko Miyai
Managing Executive Officer
Toru Fujita
Executive Officer
Naoki Asuwa
Executive Officer
Shinichi Kitazato
Executive Officer
Kiyoshi Kanemitsu
Executive Officer
Yuji Fukuda
Executive Officer
Toru Kihira
Executive Officer
Yasuo Nakajima
Executive Officer
    Yasuhiro Minemura
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (full-time)
Yasuhito Mitani
Audit & Supervisory Board Member Independent Auditor*
Naoki Yoda
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (full-time)*
Keizo Chihara
Audit & Supervisory Board Member*
  NS United REPORT 2020 35