 GS Yuasa Corporation GS Yuasa Report 2018
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
     ©JAXA/NASA
    GS Yuasa Corporation
Head Office
1, Inobanba-cho, Nishinosho, Kisshoin, Minami-ku, Kyoto 601-8520, Japan
English website: www.gs-yuasa.com/en
©JAMSTEC

 Through our business we are contributing to achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals.
                     Supplying the necessary key components for the diffusion of eco-vehicles
Since emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) from the more than 1.3 billion vehicles on roads around the world are having an impact on global warming, regulations on CO2 emissions and fuel consumption are becoming increasingly stringent in various regions. For this reason, the diffusion of eco-friendly vehicles, such as hybrid electric (HEVs), plug-in hybrid electric (PHEVs), and electric vehicles (EVs), is advancing. And even in the case of conventional gasoline vehicles, the standardization of start-stop functions designed to contribute to the improvement of fuel consumption is progressing.
Our Group’s products are playing an important role in this shift to eco-vehicles and the electrification of automobiles.
For example, to increase the traveling distance of EVs and PHEVs, for which demand is increasing, it is necessary to vastly improve storage battery performance. We are tackling the challenge of making lithium-ion batteries better performing, cheaper, and longer-lasting.
Automotive lead-acid batteries
We have secured the second largest share of the global market for these products.
Our product development strength has enabled quick responses to new demand, such as our lead-acid batteries for vehicles with start-stop systems.
Automotive lithium-ion batteries
We established a mass production system ahead of competitors.
These batteries have been widely adopted
by automakers worldwide.
Numerous market hits
                 Global Market Forecast for Automobiles
 150
(Million
units) Electric vehicles (EV)
Compressed natural gas (CNG)/ Liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) vehicles Diesel vehicles
Gasoline vehicles
2015 2020 2025
  Fuel-cell vehicles (FCV)
 100
50
0
2000 2005
Source: International Energy Agency,
2010
2030 (Year)
Plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEV) Hybrid electric vehicles (HEV)
      1 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 2
The values that we supply to society
 Energy Technology Perspectives 2015

      Through our business we are contributing to achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals.
                             Contributing to the increased use of power source systems and storage battery technology using renewable energies
Since worldwide energy demand is increasing as a result of burgeoning populations and economic growth, it is necessary to expand the use of renewable energies
to replace the limited fossil fuels, such as oil and coal. The introduction of power source systems and storage batteries to stabilize output fluctuations is essential
for the effective use of energy from photovoltaic or wind power generation. Our Group’s products are attracting much attention as indispensable items
for the diffusion of photovoltaic and wind power generation.
In order to utilize energy generated from solar power without waste, we are improving the conversion efficiency of power conditioners and pursuing technology. Furthermore, in Japan we are engaged in the design and building of entire photovoltaic power generation systems.
Storage battery system
This system contributes to the effective use of energy through higher electricity conversion efficiency and little loss.
Power conditioners for photovoltaic power plants
With a product lineup from 4.5 to 250 kilowatts, these power conditioners are used in plants of all sizes, including small-scale facilities and mega solar plants.
By combining solar panels and storage batteries, plant operators can build storage systems for on-site power use.
                    Trends in the Share of Renewable Energies
in Power Generation Facilities Introduced Each Year Worldwide 300
(GW)
        60 Other renewable energies (bioenergy, solar, geothermal, ocean) (%)
           200
100
Photovoltaic
Wind
Hydropower
Fossil fuels, nuclear
Share of renewable energies (right-hand scale)
40
20
    00
 1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 Source: International Energy Agency,
2015 (Year)
  3 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 4
The values that we supply to society
  World Energy Outlook 2016

      Through our business we are contributing to achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals.
                            Contributing to power stabilization in social infrastructure with power backup equipment
In an age when electricity is needed for all kinds of things, the activities of society would come to a halt if the supply of electricity were cut off. Therefore, backup power sources assuming the stoppage of power supplies at times of natural disaster, such as flooding or earthquakes, are becoming increasingly important.
With their outstanding quality and reliability, our Group’s products are safeguarding society’s basic infrastructure. In addition, we are contributing to the continuity of business in office buildings and plants in the event of a large natural disaster.
Japan is a country prone to such natural disasters as typhoons, earthquakes, and volcanic eruptions. To fulfill our responsibility vis-à-vis some social infrastructure, we have organized
a setup providing total support from product development to installation and maintenance.
DC power supply
AC uninterruptible power supply
Industrial lithium-ion batteries
Customers can choose from among high-capacity types or fast-charging and more powerful types to suit their needs. We have created a highly competitive product lineup by utilizing automotive lithium-ion batteries.
                                Japan’s Share of the World’s Natural Disasters
       No. of earthquakes with magnitude
of 6.0 or more*1
No. of active volcanoes*2
Japan 212 (20.5%)
Amount of natural disaster damage*3
Japan ($100million) 108
(7.0%)
Japan 2,068 (11.9%)
   World 1,036
World 1,548
World 17,361
            *1: Total for 2000–9. Compiled by the Japanese Cabinet Office based on hypocenter materials of the Japan Meteorological Agency for Japan and the United States Geological Survey for the rest of the world.
*2: Active volcanoes are volcanoes, etc. that have erupted in the last 10,000 years or so. Compiled by the Japanese
Cabinet Office based on volcano materials of the Japan Meteorological Agency for Japan and the Smithsonian’s National Museum of Natural History in the United States for the rest of the world.
*3: Total for 1979–2008. Compiled by the Japanese Cabinet Office based on materials of the Centre for Research on the Epidemiology
o
Ranging from general purpose to specialized power supplies, our product lineup meets all kinds of demand from customers.
GS Yuasa’s network of over 100 service centers across Japan provides unmatched customer support.
           f Disasters (CRED).
Source: Japanese Cabinet Office, White Paper on Disaster Management 2010, Diagram 1-1-1
  5 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 6
 The values that we supply to society
  
Value Creation Process
Considering the Resolution of Social Issues as
an Opportunity for Growth
 Social issues
Promulgation of Sustainable
Development Goals (SDGs)
Promote initiatives to achieve 17 goals, focusing on resources, climate change, and health, among others.
Issues concerning our Group
Climate change and
global warming
Carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions from over 1.3 billion automobiles worldwide are having a serious impact on global warming.
Depletion of natural resources
Increased use of renewable energy is needed as a replacement for limited fossil fuels, such as oil and coal.
Intensifying disaster
Since the supply of electricity is often interrupted during disasters, such as floods or earthquakes, the importance of backup power supplies is growing.
Aiming for sustainable growth through value creation
We believe that the GS Yuasa Group’s products and business activities will contribute to the solution of various social issues, including achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), and that, by bringing value to society, the Group will enhance its own corporate value as well.
Furthermore, in order to avoid the risk of damage to corporate value, we believe it is important to minimize any
Operational processes
          Issues to be tackled by society as a whole
Underpinnings of value creation
Business activities
Automotive Batteries (Japan/Overseas)
Manufacturing and marketing lead-acid batteries for cars, motorbikes, and industrial applications in Japan and 17 countries around the world.
P.33− Industrial Batteries and Power Supplies
Supplying various kinds of batteries for industrial applications, as well as power supply systems, lighting equipment, membrane systems, etc.
Automotive Lithium-ion Batteries
Manufacturing and marketing lithium-ion batteries for electric vehicles (EVs), plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEVs), hybrid vehicles, and similar. P.39−
Others
Manufacturing and marketing lithium-ion batteries for manned submersible research vessels, satellites, rockets, and other applications.
CSR Activities
Addressing global social issues in a timely manner while keeping the needs and expectations of all stakeholders in mind.
P.45–
Materiality
Identifying critical Materiality (Key CSR Challenges) to be reflected in our business strategy.
P.47–
Values provided to society
Efficient use of electricity
Automotive batteries
Better mileage for automobiles Longer range for EVs and PHEVs
Industrial batteries/ Power supply systems
Stable use of renewable energy Secure power supply for social infrastructure, buildings, factories, etc.
Sustainable growth
    A stable financial foundation bolstered by the Group’s mainstay lead-acid battery business
  Promoting expanded use of eco-friendly vehicles
Maximization of profits
  Promoting expanded use of renewable energy
Maximization of returns to shareholders through efficient use of assets
  Solid strengths for developing technologies and cultivating markets built on an outstanding track record and customer trust
     P.37−
P.41−
  Advanced technological capabilities bolstering the lithium-ion batteries business
Enhanced technological capabilities
  More dependable social infrastructure
  Value creation strategy
Mid-term management plan
  Stable or growing number of employees
  Strong competitiveness and brand power supported by business partnerships
 A workforce that maintains and passes down technologies with an understanding
of the Company’s corporate philosophy
GS Yuasa pursues a management strategy aimed at reinventing ourselves as an energy device company with solid long-term sustainable growth. P.16−
Governance
We are intensifying and strengthening compliance management and enhancing initiatives aimed at improving management soundness and transparency. P.50–
Products that contribute to solving social issues
    Stronger relations with suppliers
              CSR-conscious business activities
  Philosophy We are committed to people, society and the global environment through innovation and growth of our employees and business entities.
 7 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 8
negative impact of business activities on society.
On the basis of our corporate philosophy, by continuing
our pursuit of cutting-edge and trailblazing technologies, the GS Yuasa Group aims to create value that contributes to the realization of a sustainable society. Through such efforts, we believe that we can achieve our Group’s own sustainable growth as well.
In September 2015, the UN adopted a platform called Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) for addressing issues facing the global society.
The GS Yuasa Group has joined this effort by establishing clear links between our materiality and the SDGs. For a table showing the relationship between the two concepts, please refer to page 47.
Promoting the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
 Growth driven by solving social issues
      
  Contents / Scope of This Report
CONTENTS
Introduction
The values that we supply to society
Supplying the necessary key components
for the diffusion of eco-vehicles ..........................................1
Contributing to the increased use of power source
systems and storage battery technology using
renewable energies .............................................................3
Contributing to power stabilization in social
infrastructure with power backup equipment ......................5
Value Creation Process ...............................................................7 Contents / Scope of this report ....................................................9
Overview
Main Products and Business Development Areas ..........................11 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights ........................................13 Corporate History ....................................................................15
Vision and Strategy for Value Creation
 Message from the President ......................................................17
Looking ahead toward the next hundred years,
we will realize sustainable growth by delivering products and services that are of true value to society.
Message from Director in Charge of Finance and CSR ...................23   Improving profitability and quality of management are
the two pillars for enhancing the corporate value of our group.
Scope of this report
Period and content covered
Results for fiscal 2017 (April 1, 2017 – March 31, 2018)
Companies covered
This report covers the GS Yuasa Group, comprised of GS Yuasa Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. Notes are included for data that fall outside the scope of the companies covered.
Disclaimer
This report contains earnings forecasts and other financial information pertaining to future business performance. These items are judgments made by the managers of GS Yuasa Corporation based on currently available information and they include an element of latent risk and uncertainty related to economic trends, demand, the forex rate, the tax system, and other systems. For this reason, actual earnings could diverge greatly from those presented here. GS Yuasa does not take responsibility for the accuracy of information on financial or business forecasts presented in this report.
Performance in FY 2017
Special Feature 1: Automotive lead-acid battery
Expanding overseas production capacity
Special Feature 2: Industrial lithium-ion batteries Supporting the future of railways as
Review of Operations
Automotive Batteries (Japan) .................................................33 Automotive Batteries (Overseas) .............................................35 Industrial Batteries and Power Supplies ...................................37 Automotive Lithium-ion Batteries ...........................................39 Others ...............................................................................41
Research and Development ......................................................43 CSR ......................................................................................45
Governance
 Directors and Auditors .............................................................51  Corporate Governance / Risk Management /
Compliance / Information Security / Intellectual Property ...............53
Financial Section
10-Year Consolidated Financial Highlights ...................................59 Financial Review ......................................................................61 Risk Information ......................................................................64 Financial Statements ................................................................65 Corporate Information / Stock Information ...............................103
About importance and comprehensiveness
This report focuses on particularly important information, presented in such a way as to be easy to read and understand. The web site discloses comprehensive information in order to meet public demands.
........... At a Glance ...........................................................................
a key component of social infrastructure
.............
27
29 31
     9 GS YUASA Report 2018
Outline / Concepts
Contents
Detailed Data
Integrated Report
Web
GS Yuasa Corporation has evolved from two companies
that acted as trailblazers in the development and manufacture of storage batteries in Japan. Japan Storage Battery was founded in 1917, followed a year later by Yuasa Storage Battery. Since then, the two companies drove the evolution of batteries
by working hard in a competitive spirit. Aiming for further progress, the companies merged their management and formed
GS Yuasa in 2004. In 2017, the year of the 100th anniversary, the GS Yuasa Group employs some 15,000 people working at 37 sites in 17 countries around the world.
Nowadays, the conservation of energy and the reduction of environmental impact have become major social issues. This means that the storage batteries and power supply products of the GS Yuasa Group have an ever more important role
to play. We will be further honing the technical expertise gained over the course of a century. Inspired by the company philosophy of “Innovation and Growth” we shall face difficult challenges head on in order to contribute to the realization of a prosperous and confident global community.
Overview
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
Main Products and
Business Development Areas
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11 Non-Financial Highlights ........................13
Financial and Corporate History
GS YUASA Report 2018 10
Wide Target readership Narrow

                                                  Main Products and Business Development Areas
Supplying State-of-the-Art Energy Technology Nurtured in Batteries to the World
     [Products]
KOUNOTORI ©JAXA
[Business Development Areas]
     Lithium-ion batteries
                                 Lead-acid batteries
           Europe
            Overseas Sites
 7sites in 17countries
37
7
                                United States
                             Number of Employees (Consolidated)
14,585
  Manufacturing & Sales Sales
Research & Development
Asia, Oceania
China
Japan
                                   Power conditioners, power supplies
           名
          Breakdown of Net Sales by Business
Automotive batteries (Japan)
We manufacture and market domestic automotive and motorcycle lead-acid batteries. Technology to reduce fuel consumption has made great strides
in start-stop systems and hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs). We are developing high-performance, high-quality storage batteries for such eco-friendly vehicles and launching them in the market.
Automotive batteries (Overseas)
GS Yuasa has 37 overseas sites in 17 countries around the world, with
an especially large presence in China and Southeast Asia (mainly in Thailand and Indonesia). We use these sites
to manufacture and market automotive, motorcycle, and industrial lead-acid batteries.
Industrial batteries and power supplies
In addition to lead-acid batteries
for electric-powered vehicles, this business segment manufactures and markets backup industrial batteries and power supplies for social infrastructure, such
as mobile phone base stations, office buildings, water and sewer systems,
and power plants; power conditioners
for photovoltaic power generation; lighting equipment;
membrane systems and
Automotive lithium-ion batteries
We manufacture and market automotive lithium-ion batteries for eco-friendly vehicles, such as electric vehicles, plug-in hybrid electric vehicles, and HEVs.
Others
We manufacture and market lithium-ion batteries for a wide range of applications, from the deep sea (manned research submersibles) to outer space (satellites and rockets). This segment also includes
the development, production, and distribution of batteries and power supplies for other
specialized uses.
             Others 4.1%
Consolidated Net Sales
¥410.9
 Automotive lithium-ion batteries 10.8%
Industrial batteries and power supplies 17.5%
billion
FY 2017
Automotive batteries (Japan) 21.7%
Automotive batteries (Overseas) 45.6%
o
          ot
th
he
er
r p
p pr
ro
od
du
uc
ct
ts s.
                                     11
GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 12
              
Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
We Seek to Improve Corporate Value Through
Pursuit of Sustainable Growth.
Financial Highlights
Net sales
Operating income/Operating income ratio
Non-Financial Highlights
CO2 emissions from production plants in Japan
Water usage
1,097,414m3
    410,951
Operating income
21,920million yen
Operating income ratio
5.3%
116,385t−CO2
million yen
    (Millions of yen) 25,000
(m3) 1,200,000
900,000 600,000 300,000
(%) 10.0
8.0 6.0 4.0 2.0
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
Total equity before noncontrolling interests/ Shareholders’ equity ratio
(t-CO2) 150,000
100,000
50,000
1,046,579
1,053,903
20,914 21,909
23,106 6.4
21,920
122,572
118,244
1,111,569
1,067,494
1,097,414
      20,000 15,000 10,000
18,197
120,071
112,137
116,385
             5.7
6.0
 5.2
5.3
 5,000 0000
    2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY) Notes: Actual performance of GS Yuasa’s four domestic business sites (Kyoto, Osadano, Gunma, Odawara).
Data on CO2 emissions per unit was published by the Federation of Electric Power Companies of Japan and used in the formula for converting the equivalent amount of CO2 emissions from electricity consumption.
Sales index of lead-acid batteries for low-pollution vehicles with start-stop systems (compared to FY 2013)
160%
(%) (%) 100 200
2016 2017 (FY) Note: Actual performance of GS Yuasa’s four domestic business sites (Kyoto, Osadano, Gunma, Odawara)
2013
2014 2015
    Net income attributable to owners of the parent/ Earnings per share
Quality loss rate index of domestic business (compared to FY 2013)
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Earnings per share
27.78yen
Total equity before noncontrolling interests
175,775million yen
Shareholders’ equity ratio
44.9%
32%
11,449million yen
(Millions of yen) 15,000
12,000 9,000 6,000 3,000
Total equity/ROE
Total equity
205,638million yen
(yen) 29.63 27.78 30 24 11,449 18
(Millions 200,000
of yen)
(%) 100
     24.18 24.33
9 2 10,043 9 0
161,386 153,723 161,722 175,775
160 80 60
100
  21.88 12,229 000000
74
150,000 100,000 50,000
Capital investment/Depreciation expense
139,454 41.0
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
132
75 150
44.9 50 100 100
           ,98
 ,03
12 6
(FY)
(%) 25
44.9
44.4
43.6
98
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY) Note: Sales volume for FY 2013 taken as 100
Average number of fixed hours worked annually by employees in Japan/ Average number of overtime hours worked by employees in Japan
Average number of fixed hours worked annually by employees in Japan Average number of overtime hours worked by employees in Japan
40
Note:
44
41
103
2550 20
 32
    2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
(FY)
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY) Quality loss rate for FY 2013 taken as 100. The quality loss rate is the rate of losses that occurred during the manufacture and sale of products.
    ROE
6.8%
Capital investment
15,223million yen
(Millions of yen)
Depreciation expense
16,506million yen
1,948hours
Compliance training attendance rate
Achievement rate of human rights education plan*1
Environmental Management System approval rate of overseas and domestic production sites*2
Notes: *1: Applies to all employees of GS Yuasa Group (18 companies in Japan)
*2: Applies to production sites of GS Yuasa Group (12 in Japan, 21 overseas)
ISO 14001 certification acquisition rate: 85%
*1
100%
100% 94%
    (Millions 250,000
200,000 150,000 100,000
50,000 0
of yen)
(Hours) 2,000
1,500 1,000 500 0
 182,187 177,790 188,155 205,638
 20 154,702 15
10
5
0 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (Year)
20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000 0
18,570 11,008 12,955 19,909 15,223 15,715 15,309 15,241 16,506
12,939
1,970
1,958
1,960
1,960
1,948
                    7.5
6.7
5.7
7.8
6.8
     13 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 14
Notes: Employees do not include personnel on leave or those transferred to workplaces outside Japan.
Annual total actual working hours was calculated as average number of fixed hours worked annually by employees minus annual hours absent from work due to days off, arriving late to work or leaving work early, etc.
Period:January to December
(Millions of yen) 500,000
400,000 300,000 200,000 100,000
347,995 369,760 365,610 359,605
410,951
0
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)

 Corporate History
GS Yuasa’s Predecessors and Their History
  GS (Japan Storage Battery) founded in 1895
1895 Genzo Shimadzu manufactures Japan’s first lead-acid storage battery
1908 First use of the GS trademark 1912 Storage battery plant built
(Shin-machi, Imadegawa)
1917 Japan Storage Battery Co., Ltd. established
1919 Production of automotive lead-acid batteries begins
1933 Production of glass mercury rectifiers begins 1938 Production of alkaline batteries begins
1940 Ultra-high-pressure mercury lamps developed
1966 Siam GS Battery Co., Ltd. established in Thailand
1991 Tianjin Tong Yee Industrial Co., Ltd. (currently Tianjin GS Battery Co., Ltd.) established
1993 Prismatic lithium-ion batteries developed
YUASA founded in 1913
1913 Shichizaemon Yuasa begins research into metal electrolysis
1915 Yuasa Battery Manufacturing established within the Yuasa Iron Works in Sakai City, Osaka Prefecture;
production starts on storage batteries
1918 Yuasa Storage Battery Co., Ltd. established
1920 Production starts on automotive lead-acid batteries; Tudor plating for stationary batteries completed
1935 Production of glass mercury rectifiers begins
1941 New storage battery plant in Odawara City completed; production of alkaline batteries begins
1963 Yuasa Battery (Thailand) Pub. Co., Ltd. established
1966 Dry and charged batteries go on sale in Japan for the first time
1993 Tianjin Yuasa Batteries Co., Ltd. established
                   2004 GS Yuasa Corporation established
2004 GS Yuasa Corporation established
  2005 Tata AutoComp GY Batteries Ltd. established as the first
overseas site of GS Yuasa in India (currently Tata AutoComp GY Batteries Pvt. Ltd.)
2006 GS Yuasa Lithium Power Inc. established as GS Yuasa’s first overseas site for the manufacture of lithium-ion batteries
2007 Lithium Energy Japan established jointly with Mitsubishi Corporation and Mitsubishi Motors Corporation
2009 Blue Energy Co., Ltd. established jointly with Honda Motor Co., Ltd.
2013 Lithium Energy and Power GmbH & Co. KG (Germany) established jointly with Robert Bosch GmbH and Mitsubishi Corporation
2014 GS Yuasa Asia Technical Center Ltd. (Thailand) established
2015 Inci Holding A.S. and Inci GS Yuasa Aku Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim Sirketi established in Turkey
2016 Completed the transfer of Panasonic Corporation’s lead-acid battery business, which is renamed GS Yuasa Energy Co., Ltd.
         15 GS YUASA Report 2018
 Our Group’s management policy in the Fourth Mid-Term Management Plan is to “solidify long-term and sustained growth with the aim of regenerating GS Yuasa as an energy device company.”
In the top message, the president looks back on our Group’s track record and his own personal history and reports on market trends and strategies and company policy in our main business fields.
In addition, the director responsible for financial affairs and CSR explains efforts to tackle important strategic issues relating to the Mid-Term Management Plan, such
as the improvement of revenue strength and important matters in CSR.
Message from the President ........................17
Message from the Director
in charge of Financial Affairs and CSR . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
Vision and Strategy for Value Creation
GS YUASA Report 2018 16

 Message from the President
Looking ahead toward the next hundred years, we will realize sustainable growth
by delivering products and services
that are of true value to society.
Toward long-term growth
The mission: contributing to society through business operations
GS Yuasa Corporation has evolved from two companies engaged in the development and manufacture of storage batteries in Japan: Japan Storage Battery Co., Ltd. and Yuasa Storage Battery Co., Ltd. (later Yuasa Corporation) established in 1917 and 1918 respectively. Ever since their beginnings, these two companies continuously honed their skills and played a major role in the advancement of battery technology over the years. Aiming for further progress, the two companies merged their management in 2004.
Looking back upon this history, many milestones come to mind. Our batteries served to power the telecommunications equipment that supported the development of wireless communications in the early 20th century. In the starting days of industrialization, when power generation equipment in Japan was still rudimentary, auxiliary batteries were an important product category, and lead-acid batteries for automobiles helped to accelerate the postwar motorization. The founders of both companies placed great emphasis on innovative thinking and a spirit of challenge, which became the driving force for creating products that helped to resolve social issues of the time.
This kind of thinking still forms the DNA of the GS Yuasa Group today. As a case in point, our batteries provide stable performance even under extremely challenging
Philosophy
Innovation and Growth
We are committed to people, society and the global environment through innovation and growth of our employees and business entities.
Management Vision
We are committed to delivering security and comfort to our customers around the globe through advanced technologies developed in the field of stored energy solutions.
conditions such as in deep sea and space exploration. The manned research submersible Shinkai 6500 which can dive to a depth of 6,500 meters contributes significantly to the study of the deep ocean, both through Japanese and international missions. One of these is the observation and measurement of plate movements that can be useful indicators for the prediction of major earthquakes. The meteorological satellite Himawari orbiting the earth at an altitude of over 36,000 kilometers provides information necessary for weather forecasting not only for Japan but also for other countries in the Asia-Pacific region. While usually remaining unseen, many of our group’s products are fulfilling important social infrastructure related tasks in industry and daily life, such as in automobiles, railway equipment, mobile communication base stations, power backup installations, storage for renewable energy sources and much more.
Today, as the conservation of power and the reduction of the environmental burden have emerged as foremost goals on the global scale, the Group‘s products with the function of storing energy have ever more important roles to play. I believe that our group was able to evolve and grow over the course of a century because we were willing to listen to the voice of the world and have endeavored to flexibly respond to changes in the environment by creating new value. I strongly believe that this is the course to take also in future. By doing so, the Group can continue to grow over the next 100 years as well, working for society and for people all over the world.
Osamu Murao
President
GS Yuasa Corporation
  1. 2.
3.
Management Policy
GS Yuasa will become the “first call” company based on our “customer first” policy.
GS Yuasa considers quality and safety as most important, and supplies environmentally conscious products all over the world.
GS Yuasa will comply with all laws and operate using clear and fair management.
 17 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 18

Message from the President
Quality is the absolute requirement Improving quality through communication-based monozukuri
As a manufacturer, our first and foremost concern is quality in all its aspects, to gain the trust of customers and retain it through continued stable growth. Ever since I became president, I have been promoting “management with quality as the core.” Since I joined the company I have always been engaged in manufacturing and production technology. The monozukuri style of dedicated Japanese craftsmanship has taught me many things, one of which is called the “three Gen (five Gen) principle.” This refers to the Japanese kanji character meaning “actual” which is found in the expressions for closely considering an actual object, on site, and with a realistic point of view. It further is found in the expressions for assessing something in accordance with principles and taking appropriate measures. I believe that this is the iron rule of monozukuri manufacturing. To realize this, our group holds monthly Quality Management Meetings called by the Quality Assurance Divisions, as well as two global Quality Improvement Cases Presentation Meetings per year, intended to widely share experience and know-how gained on site and further build on the obtained results. We also collect examples of failures and present these in the context of Important Quality Issues Case Studies. In order to prevent the occurrence of defects, there is no better opportunity than learning as much as possible from actual on-site failures.
The monozukuri concept also encompasses the transmission and utilization of information. I call this the “Transfer of Information.” The opinions of the market must be accurately conveyed from marketing to the development, design, and manufacturing sections. Only this makes it possible to create products that are truly needed and useful for the world at large. A key aspect in this regard is communication. The various management levels of a company need to listen closely to the opinions and concerns of personnel at the forefront of manufacturing, in other words, they need to have a field-oriented attitude.
As a result of this approach, the percentage of defective products has been decreasing year by year. But on the other hand, customer demands are becoming ever more sophisticated, and the conditions in the field are in constant flux. We understand that there is no end point to the quality improvement, and we shall therefore further intensify our activities in this regard.
Expanding the production of lithium-ion batteries and lead-acid batteries
in response to growing demand
for eco-friendly vehicles
As environmental regulations are being tightened around the globe, electric vehicles (EVs) are increasingly garnering attention. The GS Yuasa Group is also working on future-oriented projects, but with regard to the Japanese market, hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs) and plug-in hybrids electric vehicles (PHEVs) that use a combination of internal combustion engines and electric motors are expected to remain mainstream for a considerable time. Our group therefore is actively engaged in the development and manufacture of lithium-ion batteries for drive assist applications. In Europe where environmental concerns tend to play a major role, engine starter batteries are increasingly being switched from lead-acid to lithium-ion. To meet demand in this area, we intend to expand the automotive lithium-ion battery sector, destined to become a second major pillar of our operations next to the regular lead-acid batteries business. By utilizing our mass production technology and manufacturing lines for automotive lithium-ion batteries, we will be offering highly cost-competitive products also for industrial applications.
Meanwhile, sales of lead-acid batteries, which are the main products of our group, are also rising globally
due to an increase in the number of cars sold mainly in emerging countries. In advanced economies, vehicle with start-stop systems (“idling stop system”: ISS) are becoming very common, leading to more demand for high-performance lead-acid batteries suitable for this systems. In order to capture new demand, we aim to expand sales channels in as yet undeveloped markets for our group, including Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa and South America, and to demonstrate our strengths in products for eco-friendly vehicles, aiming to expand our business.
Twelve V batteries for automobiles which are a forte of the GS Yuasa Group are well suited for supplying power to the various electric functions of cars, such as engine starting, powering the navigation system and the like. Such batteries are therefore installed also in vehicles that have evolved to forms such as HEVs, PHEVs, and EVs. Whether the type is lead-acid or lithium-ion, 12 V automotive batteries will always be a strength of our group.
Focusing on sustainable growth through resolving social issues
In April 2018, we signed the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), which matches our group‘s corporate
philosophy and values. In its global business activities, the GS Yuasa Group will promote the ten principles in four categories that the UNGC stipulates for businesses. In this way, we will aim for sustainable growth while fulfilling our Corporate Social Responsibility.
As a first step, we identified high-priority initiatives as Materiality (Key CSR Challenges) with reference to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
The SDGs are a set of common humanitarian goals to be achieved together by developed and developing countries. The GS Yuasa Group aims to resolve these issues as business opportunities which will enable us to grow on a sustainable basis by helping society. There are many areas where we can make useful contributions. This includes for example supporting the spread of eco-friendly vehicles with low CO2 emissions, facilitating the increased utilization of renewable energy such as solar and wind power, and the development of batteries and equipment for industrial backup power installations to strengthen the social infrastructure in case of emergencies.
We will continue to innovate through our business activities, aiming for sustainable growth by contributing to solving global social issues and protecting the global environment.
 We became a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) in April 2018.
We will contribute to achieving the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) through business activities.
The Sustainable Development Goals or SDGs for short are a platform of initiatives adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations in September 2015. Aimed at solving issues of global importance such as hunger and poverty, climate change, etc., the platform is meant to be implemented by all member nations. These ideals fully match our corporate principles and we will participate to the best of our abilities.
                      19 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 20

Message from the President
   Results of FY 2017
(fiscal year ended March 2018)
Highest net sales since
the company‘s inauguration
Net sales for fiscal 2017 amounted to 410.9 billion yen, an increase of 51,345 million yen (14.3%) over fiscal 2016. This represents our best result ever. Main drivers of this development were increased demand for new cars in Japan and the impact of incorporating Panasonic‘s domestic lead-acid battery business into our consolidation scope from the beginning of the year, which resulted in higher figures for the automotive battery business.
On the other hand, operating income declined by 1.1 billion yen to 21.9 billion yen, due to a rise in the price of lead, which is the principal raw material in the automotive battery sector and the industrial battery and power supply sector.
When seen by segment, the automotive battery business did well on the domestic level due to an increase in the number of automobile production units, while sales for new vehicles also increased drastically owing to favorable sales of EN (European Norm) compliant batteries. In addition, lead-acid batteries for vehicles with start-stop systems did well for new cars and for repair, resulting to an increase in both sales and profits. Overseas, sales increased in
Southeast Asia and sales figures benefitted from the higher yen exchange rate, but profits declined due to the rise in the price of lead. In the industrial battery and power supply sector, sales and profits declined due to slower sales of industrial lithium-ion batteries and industrial lead-acid batteries, as well as higher raw material prices. In the area of automotive lithium-ion batteries, sales increased for both HEVs and PHEVs, also resulting in higher profits, and we achieved a surplus for the second consecutive term. In other businesses, the production of lithium-ion batteries for submarines is progressing steadily, and income has increased.
Outlook for FY 2018
(fiscal year ending March 2019)
Further accelerated growth aimed at another record result
Currently, the GS Yuasa Group is in the process of reorganizing its business structure with a strong market and customer focus, one of the Key Mid-Term Strategic Tasks. Following the integration of the domestic and overseas divisions for automotive battery business conducted in fiscal 2017, we will integrate some of the domestic and overseas divisions of the industrial battery sector in fiscal 2018. In the R&D sector, we launched a new LIB Technical Center in April 2018. This new facility will be responsible for applied research and technology development, consolidating existing research and development capacities und unifying the process up to the commercialization stage. The R&D Center on the other hand will focus on projects with a view to the “post lithium-ion batteries” such as all solid-state batteries and lithium air batteries.
Fiscal 2018 will be the final year of the Fourth Mid-Term Management Plan. We will conduct activities in keeping with the three Basic Management Objectives and four Areas of Management Focus as listed at left. Looking at each segment, we will promote expanded sales for new cars and repairs in Japan in the automotive battery business. Overseas, we will expand sales of lead-acid batteries for ISS vehicles, especially in Asia. We have already established an expanded production system in Southeast Asia, and new factories under construction in Tianjin, China and Turkey will also start operation in fiscal 2018. In the industrial battery and power supply sector, we will strive to improve profitability by streamlining and further developing markets for industrial lithium-ion
   Overview of the Fourth Mid-Term Management Plan covering April 2016 to March 2019
Mid-Term Management Policies
With the aim of becoming the “new GS Yuasa,” an energy device company, we will ensure long-term, sustainable growth.
New businesses
Ensure profit in new business (lithium-ion batteries) and firmly put this business on a stable growth track
Growth businesses
Further expand the business domain of growth business (overseas operations) and raise its profitability
Established businesses
Expand and stabilize the cash flow from existing businesses (automotive batteries business and industrial batteries and power supplies business) and make investments for future growth
Key Mid-Term Strategic Tasks
Stabilize and expand new business by enhancing the management foundation and earnings power of existing and growth businesses and grow it into the second pillar of the corporate foundation following the lead-acid batteries business.
• Ensure the achievement of the fourth quality improvement plan over the next three years, based on the GS YUASA Basic Quality Policy
• Reorganize the business structure in response to markets and customers
   Basic Management Objectives and Areas of Focus in Fiscal 2018
Basic Management Objectives
1. Realize sustainable development of the GS Yuasa Group and improve corporate value through CSR activities
2. Maximize profit and cash flow in the automotive battery and industrial battery and power supply sectors and further accelerate global expansion
3. Strengthen profitability in the automotive lithium-ion battery sector to link to the next growth strategy
Areas of Management Focus
1. CSR activities
Include the CSR policy and Code of Conduct in all business activities and improve corporate value.
2. Ensure compliance
Comply with social norms and internal rules and realize highly transparent and fair business management.
3. Human resource development and allocation
Boost motivation to grow self and enhance management ability to promote development innovative and independent human resources and demonstration of their abilities, ultimately to improve corporate competitiveness.
4. Information management
Promote development of robust information management system and improve information ethics.
  batteries related products, targeting areas such as power storage systems, construction machinery, railways and automatic guided vehicles. In the automotive lithium-ion battery business, while continuing to give top priority to quality, we intend to promote profitability by improving efficiency.
Based on the above, the aim for fiscal 2018 will be to increase sales and profits, targeting net sales of 450 billion yen, with an operating income of 22 billion yen (24.5 billion yen in operating income before goodwill amortization). A net income of 13 billion yen is projected to be attributable to parent company shareholders (15.5 billion yen in net income attributable to owners of the parent before the amortization of goodwill).
Unfortunately the final goal of the Fourth Mid-Term Management Plan will likely not be reached. However, while expecting price increases in lead and other major raw materials, we still believe that we can build a structure that will enable record profits. Building on the business base that we have cultivated so far, we will accelerate the speed of growth and promote product creation focused on solving global social issues.
On behalf of all of us, I would like to express my appreciation to the Group’s stakeholders for their unwavering support and understanding over so many years.
President
GS Yuasa Corporation
 21 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 22

    Message from Director in Charge of Finance and CSR
       Improving profitability and quality of management are the two pillars for enhancing the corporate value of our group.
Toshiyuki Nakagawa
Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director GS Yuasa Corporation
Improving revenue while maintaining a stable financial base
Our Fourth Mid-Term Management Plan lists three key financial measures: “Priority of ROE as management indicator,” “Promoting efficiency of capital investments,” and “Reduction of interest-bearing debt.”
In order to increase return on equity (ROE), it is vital to improve profitability. Since the management integration that occurred in fiscal 2004 we have made considerable progress in this area, but the operating income ratio of about 6% in recent years lags behind the target of 8% set forth in the Fourth Mid-Term Management Plan. However, there is still room for improvement, and I believe that in future we can aim for 10% and higher. In addition, return on invested capital (ROIC) is used as a management index for each business unit, thereby improving capital efficiency. Although ROIC management was only begun recently, we expect that investment efficiency and balance sheet awareness will increase in each business division from now on. In addition, in the performance-based stock compensation plans that were introduced in fiscal 2017, operating income ratio and ROIC are included in the evaluation index, which is intended to strengthen the incentives for the Board of Directors for improving profitability.
For interest-bearing debt, in order to realize the moderate borrowing needed in order to significantly grow a company, one of the guidelines is that interest-bearing liabilities should be kept within the amount of two years of operating cash flow. As of the end of March 2018, the ratio of interest-bearing debt to cash flow is 3.5 years. We therefore need to focus further on improving cash acquisition capacity in the future.
To achieve this, investment is necessary to maintain and improve competitiveness in existing fields that are major earners. Subsequently we will redirect the cash gained from existing fields to new fields such as lithium-ion batteries and the growing overseas business. The facility investment committee, of which I am chairman, was established to ensure the appropriateness of these investment decisions. The standing committee which comprises members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers in the Development and Manufacturing Divisions of the core company GS Yuasa meets in principle once a month, and all capital investment projects within the Group
amounting to 30 million yen or more proposed by business divisions are reviewed. The appropriateness of each planned investment including necessity and cost are thoroughly discussed before making a decision. The discussion here also includes whether to invest in overseas group companies.
We aim to ensure the financial sustainability of the Group by improving profitability while remaining conscious of capital efficiency and maintaining financial soundness.
Expanding shareholder return with stable dividends and treasury stock acquisition
We recognize that providing returns to our shareholders is one of the most important duties of management. In the current Mid-Term Management Plan, we have set a payout ratio of 30% or more as a target. In fiscal 2016, we acquired the domestic lead-acid battery business from Panasonic Corporation. In the short term, this acquisition reduces profit through amortizing goodwill by more than 2 billion yen a year, but over the medium to long term it will contribute to the growth of the company. Therefore, by setting the payout ratio to 30% or more based on profit before amortization of goodwill, we take care to prevent investments for growth from becoming disadvantageous to shareholders.
Regarding the dividend for the fiscal 2017, we declared 10 yen per share (the interim dividend of 3 yen was paid out at the end of the second quarter, so the year-end dividend is 7 yen). Regarding the dividend for the fiscal 2018, we plan to make it the same level as the previous year on the premise of achieving the expected profit.
In addition, in November 2017, we purchased 1.738 million shares of treasury stock for about 1 billion yen in order to raise the shareholder value per share and enhance the profit return to shareholders. We plan to acquire treasury stock up to 1 billion yen in fiscal 2018 as well.
Identify important CSR issues from the point of view of risks and opportunities
In our current corporate management, we recognize that besides business results and profit expansion, the quality of management will be judged also by the corporate stance and by the depth of involvement in
                     23 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 24

 Message from Director in Charge of Finance and CSR
CSR. Having long been aware of this fact, the GS Yuasa Group has traditionally carried out business activities rooted in CSR and oriented toward sustainable growth. However, as globalization is set to further accelerate in the years to come, it is important for all employees to reevaluate and share their understanding so as to further raise their level of CSR awareness.
In response to this, when I was appointed CSR officer in September 2016, I established a CSR promotion department to identify key issues related to CSR and to formulate and promote Group strategy. In addition, in May 2017, we established the GS YUASA CSR Policy that is positioned to reinforce the Group‘s management policy and the CSR Code of Conduct which is a standard for actions to be practiced by our employees. Subsequently we identified “risks” that impede the achievement of solutions and “opportunities” to promote their achievement for each important issue of the Mid-Term Management Plan. At that time, we also considered international guidelines related to CSR and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that came into effect in January 2016.
In order to implement PDCA for these CSR activities, we have formulated action plans and key performance indicators (KPIs) for important issues with clearly defined scope indication, i.e. domestic, overseas, or global. We have put initiatives in place to reduce risks when promoting business activities. For supply chain management in particular, we are conducting surveys with gradually expanded scope, starting with domestic suppliers and
GS YUASA CSR Policy
Besides legal compliance, we respect international norms, guidelines, and initiatives related to social responsibility, work on sustainable development of our business through developing energy storage technologies, and contribute to people, society, and global environment.
1. Developing fair, transparent, and sound business, and anti-corruption
2. Respect for human rights
3. Conservation and improvement of adequate working environment
4. Fulfillment of our responsibilities to provide safe and secure
products and services
5. Global environmental conservation
6. Building better relationships with local communities
7. Ensuring social responsibility within our supply chain
moving on to the overseas sites of our group and then to overseas suppliers in general. In this way, we will thoroughly implement CSR throughout the entire supply chain.
On the other hand, the expansion of opportunities also is an important consideration. The products of our Group, starting with storage batteries, are playing an important role in facilitating the acceptance of eco-friendly vehicles and renewable energy. Through our business activities we can contribute to address major concerns such as climate change and energy issues. By honing our technological know-how and devising innovative solutions that enable us to manufacture and deliver outstanding products, we not only contribute to society but also enable the GS Yuasa Group to grow. We also believe in the importance of publicly releasing information about our initiatives. External evaluation from the perspective of CSR and ESG is also steadily improving, and we feel that our efforts in this regard are producing results.
In April 2018, we became a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) which promotes ten principles in the four categories of Human Rights, Labor, Environment, and Anti-Corruption. As we further expand our global business activities, we will strictly observe laws and international norms and endeavor to maintain utmost transparency, integrity, and ethical behavior throughout the entire supply chain. Based on the dual pillars of improving profitability and quality of management, we will be enhancing the corporate value of our group.
Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director GS Yuasa Corporation
    25 GS YUASA Report 2018
  Performance in FY 2017
The GS Yuasa Group‘s operating structure comprises four business divisions—Automotive Batteries (Japan), Automotive Batteries (Overseas), Industrial Batteries and Power Supplies, and Automotive Lithium-ion Batteries—as well as other businesses not included in these segments. Focusing on lead-acid batteries, lithium-ion batteries and various power supply devices, we develop and manufacture products that meet social needs.
We present an overview of conditions in fiscal 2017 through pages featuring important topics in that fiscal year and pages showing market trends and results for each business sector. We also report on the characteristics of each business and the results of activities.
In fiscal 2017, in order to embed CSR issues in our corporate strategy, we identified Materiality (Key CSR Challenges). The CSR page shows a list of these challenges, along with the specific processes.
Special Feature 1.......................................27 Special Feature 2.......................................29 At a Glance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
Review of Operation
Automotive Batteries (Japan) ....................33
Automotive Batteries (Overseas) ................35
Industrial Batteries and Power Supplies . . . . . . . 37
Automotive Lithium-ion Batteries...............39 Others ................................................41
Research and Development .........................43 CSR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45
GS YUASA Report 2018 26

    Special Feature1
China
Tianjin GS Battery
Production capacity
6 million units/year
This new plant for automotive lead-acid batteries for eco-friendly cars is intended to meet growing demand in China. Covering 180,000 square meters, it will be our Group’s largest facility.
Through our business we are contributing to achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals.
                    Automotive lead-acid battery Expanding overseas
production capacity
Myanmar
SGSM Limited
Strengthening our foundations in the Mekong economic zone
This plant is destined to handle import, charging and wholesale operations of lead-acidbatteries for automotive and domestic power supply
applications.
Turkey
IGYA
Production capacity 6 million units/year
This plant is scheduled to be constructed for the production of lead-acid batteries for automotive start-stop systems, demand for which is expected to
grow in the future.
we plan to boost yearly production capacity of lead-acid batteries from 4 million units to 6 million units by 2021. We will also progressively open representative offices in order to promote sales to neighboring countries of Turkey.
Our subsidiary Siam GS Battery Co., Ltd. in Thailand has established a new company in Myanmar called Siam GS Battery Myanmar Limited (SGSM Limited), which will provide charging, sales and distribution services for automotive and domestic power supply lead-acid batteries and is scheduled to begin operation from January 2019. Within the Mekong economic zone, where the advancement of motorization is expected, we are first building up battery supply capacity to the Myanmar market where demand expansion is particularly strong.
As a general storage battery manufacturer, our Group will continue to respond to market developments and changes in order to meet demand on a worldwide basis.
      The demand for eco-friendly vehicles is increasing not only in Japan and but overseas as well.
The GS Yuasa Group is therefore strengthening its overseas production framework, enabling us to deliver high-performance, high-quality lead-acid batteries to customers around the globe.
Trends in car sales volume and value in major countries and areas
            China (Trillions of yen)
300 250 200 150 100
50
2000 2005 2010 2015 2020 2025 2030 2035 Source: Material published by the Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry
Background
Europe
United States
India
Japan
Other
Total sales (Million units) 120
        100 80 60 40 20 00
              27 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 28
(Year)
 Tightening of environmental regulations causes changes in automotive market
Against the backdrop of global warming and other factors, environmental regulations are being tightened not only in Japan, the United States and Europe but also in China and emerging countries. For this reason, more and more hybrid electric vehicles and other eco-friendly vehicles are being put on the market, and vehicles with start-stop systems (“idling stop system”: ISS) are rapidly spreading all over the world.
Such systems turn the engine off when the car is stopped and restart it without any intervention by the driver. As the additional cost for the system is small compared to other types of eco-friendly cars, the function has been increasingly added to combustion engine
automobiles since around 2012. ISS cars draw more power from the lead-acid batteries to compensate for electric loads while the engine is stopped. Therefore, lead-acid batteries for ISS cars are required to have higher durability than conventional products.
The GS Yuasa Group manufactures lead-acid batteries with excellent durability for new ISS cars and repairs and boasts a high market share in Japan.
Initiatives
Building the group’s largest new production plant in China
The Chinese auto market continues to grow rapidly, and a major increase in demand for ISS vehicles and fuel-efficient vehicles due to stricter exhaust gas regulations is expected. The GS Yuasa Group is
therefore building a production plant for automotive lead-acid batteries in Tianjin, China, which will become our largest such facility. The plant is scheduled to begin operation in the summer of 2018, and it is planned to relocate and integrate the operations of our existing facility, Tianjin GS Battery Co., Ltd., into the new plant as well. By emphasizing efficiency and rationalization of production, we are aiming at an annual production capacity of up to 6 million units in 2021.
Establishing new companies and plants in
various locations in response to growing
demand for lead-acid batteries
We are building a new production plant in Turkey with our equity method affiliate Inci GS Yuasa Aku Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim Sirketi (IGYA). In order to meet expected demand for ISS vehicle applications,
 
      Special Feature2
Regenerative power storage device
Through our business we are contributing to achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals.
                       I
Regenerative electric power that previously was released in the air is used to charge storage batteries, enabling targeted discharge when necessary to efficiently utilize energy. Installed at the Yasu feeding station on the Tokaido Main Line
In
nd
d
u
u
s
s
Rank Station
1 Shinjuku
2 Ikebukuro
3 Tokyo
4 Osaka Umeda
769,307 6 559,920 7 439,554 8 431,543 9 414,683 10
Station
Shinagawa Shibuya Shimbashi Omiya Akihabara
t
t
r
r
i
i
a
a
l
l
l
l
i
i
t
t
h
h
i
i
u
u
m
m
-
-
i
i
o
o
n
n
b
b
a
a
t
t
t
t
e
eries
 Supporting
  the future of railways as
a key component of social
infrastructure
Expectations are increasing in the potential of railways as an environment-friendly means of transport. Products of the GS Yuasa Group are playing an important role in supporting advanced railway functions.
        Daily average passenger numbers at major Japanese railway stations
Industrial lithium-ion batteries
High current capacity/Good discharge performance
Used in new “ACCUM” unit of EV-E301 series
Uninterruptible power supply (UPS)
Long life/ Space saving design
Industrial lithium-ion batteries were first adopted as power supply devices to back up railway communication equipment.
Expanded use of industrial lithium-ion batteries by railway companies
A storage battery system of the GS Yuasa Group was adopted for the new ACCUM model in the EV-E301 series developed by East Japan Railway Company. This storage battery system utilizes the industrial lithium-ion battery module LIM 30H-8A, which has an excellent track record with many satisfied customers.
ACCUM allows traveling in non-electrified sections where there is no overhead wire by using accumulated energy from the battery, which then is charged again while traveling in an electrified section. Furthermore, in both sections, it is possible to accumulate electricity generated by regenerative braking in the storage battery and make effective use of it.
The Tokyo Metropolitan Bureau of Transportation for the first
Number of passengers entering/exiting trains Rank
Number of passengers entering/exiting trains
371,787 371,336 271,028 252,769 246,623
                  5 Yokohama
Source: Data released in FY 2016 by railway companies
   Background
Initiatives
time adopted our industrial lithium-ion batteries in backup power-supply devices for railway communication equipment. Compared to conventional lead-acid batteries, this brought various advantages, such as superior cycle life and space savings. Having a long-term power backup for railway communication equipment in emergency situations is vital for enhancing the stable train operation.
Our Group will continue to promote the expanded use of industrial lithium-ion batteries for railways and other important social infrastructure.
Whether for commuting, travel, or freight transport, railways are an integral part of Japanese life
In fiscal 2017, over 24.5 billion people used domestic railways in Japan, and the yearly numbers of people passing through the major stations in urban areas are at the top of worldwide statistics. Without a doubt, railways are an indispensable part of social infrastructure. Moreover, CO2 emissions per transported unit are approximately nine times lower than with automobiles, making railways the means of transport with the lowest environmental impact. Daily life without railways can hardly be imagined. As with other forms of mobility, however, further improvements in terms of energy efficiency and reduction of the environmental burden are required, as well as business sustainability as an important social infrastructure of the nation.
Supplying regenerative power storage devices using
industrial lithium-ion batteries to JR West Japan
In March 2018, we delivered regenerative power storage devices to West Japan Railway Company (JR West Japan). Previously the energy generated by a decelerating train was not effectively utilized if there was no accelerating train nearby. The power storage devices delivered by us can temporarily retain energy by charging a storage battery and discharging it when electric power is necessary, resulting in more efficient use of energy. The device also contributes to stabilizing the catenary voltage, helping to ensure stable train operation with electric trains.
29 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 30

At a Glance
In fiscal 2017, we worked on developing new products and new technologies, boosting production capacity and actively expanding sales efforts to respond to market environment changes and the expansion of demand.
Business operation
Market trends
Total demand increased by approximately 3% over the previous fiscal year, mainly due to an increase in new car production volume.
Reflecting the global procurement policies of automobile manufacturers, adoption of EN (European Norm) compliant batteries has become widespread, particularly in new Toyota cars. In the parts sector, demand for replacement batteries in cars with factory-installed start-stop systems has increased, and this is about to form a new market.
The market of lead-acid batteries for automobiles and motorcycles in North America, Europe and Asia is served not only by global manufacturers but also by many medium- and small-scale local firms. Competition is therefore intensifying in various aspects such as price, quality, performance and service.
Automobile production in China continues to grow, and the demand in Southeast Asia is also still on the rise.
Price competition in the area of storage batteries and power supply systems for handling power backup tasks in social infrastructure applications is heating up, but demand remains solid. A notable increase in demand occurred in power supply devices for mobile communication base stations. In the new energy sector, the feed-in tariff system has changed, prompting a gradual move to the self-consumption pattern in the solar power generation market.
The tightening of various environmental regulations for example in Europe, the U.S. and China has made technological innovation in the auto industry aimed at powertrain electrification a foremost concern.
We are at a kind of turning point in the market that is said to come only once every 100 years, and this of course requires change by suppliers as well.
Defense-related spending is growing, and our Group also has secured stable demand.
In addition, various types of data collection and communication by satellite are attracting attention as a new social infrastructure, and further development is expected in the future for applications such as resource exploration, environmental investigation, national security and automobile driving.
Outline of fiscal 2017
In April 2017, the organization of the GS Yuasa Group underwent a transformation. Domestic and overseas divisions were unified to create a one-stop framework for supporting the business activities of customers active on the global stage. We introduced automotive lead-acid starter batteries harnessing advanced technology that fully brings out the mileage advantages of cars with the latest idling stop systems while improving battery life at the same time. We also expanded our lineup of EN batteries purpose-designed for Japanese car models.
In the field of lead-acid batteries for automobiles and motorcycles, we expanded sales by introducing new products to meet specific demand in each country or region. We also strove to increase production capacity through measures such as establishing a production system in response to rapid demand expansion in India. In the field of industrial lead-acid batteries, we focused on improving our production framework for Southeast Asia and developing lead-acid batteries for battery-powered forklifts where demand is growing.
Efforts by the manufacturing and sales divisions to shorten lead times and enable a more flexible shipment response have helped us to capture demand with fast delivery times. Also, while moving to a feed-in tariff system, we focused on aggressively developing environment-related markets by expanding our lineup of power conditioners for self-consumption type solar power generation equipment.
We are actively engaged in expanding sales of lithium-ion batteries for plug-in hybrid electric vehicles in Europe, and we have obtained new orders for lithium-ion batteries for engine starter, which are expected to become another growth item. With a view toward the next term, we continued to develop products for all types of eco-friendly vehicles as well as engaging in efforts to cut back on production costs.
We have established a framework and started mass production of lithium-ion batteries for submarines, and we have responded to increasing demand for replacement aircraft batteries. We also delivered batteries for deep sea rescue vessels. Furthermore, our sales promotion activities aimed at the aerospace and defense markets have begun to show results, with the Group’s lithium-ion batteries for use in space being adopted for the quasi-zenith satellites system Michibiki 2, 3 and 4.
    Automotive Batteries (Japan)
21.7%
Net Sales
¥89,240 million
Net Sales
(Millions of yen) 100,000
Operating Income/ Operating Income Ratio (Millions of yen)
10,000
(%) 10.0
8.0 6.0
4.0
 80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
Net Sales
(Millions of yen) 200,000 191,402
8,000
6,000
4,000 5,676 2,000 3,291
  50,986
6.5
67,598
8.4
6.9 6,143
89,240
2.0 000
  2015
2016
2017
(FY)
2015 2016 2017 (FY)
   Automotive Batteries (Overseas)
45.6%
Net Sales
¥187,625million
170,613
150,000 12,000
      100,000 50,000
9,000 6,000 3,000
(Millions 20,000
15,000 10,000 5,000 0
of yen)
10,104
17,113
(%) 287 3.0
1.7
187,625
(Millions 15,000
of yen)
11,358 10,460
(%) 10.0
8.0 9,407 6.0
5.0 4.0 2.0
Operating Income/ Operating Income Ratio
000
5.9
  2015
Net Sales
(Millions of yen)
2016 2017
(FY)
2015 2016 2017 (FY)
  80,000 74,084 72,765 72,187 60,000
40,000 20,000
2015 2016 2017 (FY) Net Sales
(%) 10.0
8.0 6.0 4.0 2.0
2015 2016 2017 (FY)
Operating Income/ Operating Income Ratio
(Millions 10,000
Operating Income/ Operating Income Ratio
8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
8,701
12.0
6,917
of yen) 8,061
  10.8 000
    (Millions 50,000
40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000
0
2015 2016 2017 (FY) Net Sales
of yen) (Millions
44,784 1,500 38,312 39,305 1,000
of yen)
(%)
2.9 3.0 2.0
1,320
45 0
 500 0 –500 –1,000
2017 (FY) Operating Income Ratio
–1.5 2015 2016
6.1
 Industrial Batteries and Power Supplies
17.5%
Net Sales
¥72,187 million
     Automotive Lithium-ion Batteries
10.8%
Net Sales
¥44,784 million
9.6
     1.0
 –565 0.1
(Millions of yen) 300
0
0 –300 –235
–600 –900
–1.0 –2.0
    Others
4.1%
Net Sales
¥17,113million
Operating Income/
     31 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 32
©JAXA/NASA
2015 2016 2017 (FY)
2015
–7.5 –9.0 2016 2017 (FY)
9,323
0
–3.0
–6.0
– 699

Review of Operations
Automotive Batteries (Japan)
      Breakdown of Net Sales
21.7%
89,240million
Fiscal 2017 (fiscal year ended March 31, 2018)
Sales expand in keeping with rising demand for EN batteries* and storage batteries for use in cars with start-stop systems
In fiscal 2017, total domestic demand in the automotive battery market increased by about 3% over the previous year, mainly due to strong new car production figures. In this environment, domestic net sales of our automotive battery business were 89,240 million yen (up 21,642 million yen year on year), and operating income was 6,143 million yen (up 466 million yen year on year).
Major factors in the increase were a sales boost due to our acquisition of Panasonic’s domestic lead-acid battery business, the fact that sales of EN batteries for new cars continued to be strong following on from the previous year, and an increase in sales of replacement lead-acid batteries for cars with start-stop systems. Profits increased despite the rise in the price of lead, our major raw material, due to the impact of the Panasonic acquisition.
One of the major initiatives in fiscal 2017 on the organizational side was the reorganization of the Group in April with the integration of domestic and overseas divisions, in order to establish a framework that provides a one-stop response to customers who operate on a global scale. With regard to development and sales, we released the new ECO.R Revolution product as part of our core model ECO.R series, in response to increasing demand for replacement batteries in cars with start-stop systems. In December we also restructured the ECO.RENJ series with EN batteries for Japanese car models, in view of the fact that car manufacturers with global procurement tended to equip more of their Japanese cars with batteries that correspond to the European Norm (EN) standards. We expanded our lineup to meet the demand for EN batteries that is expected to grow significantly in scale.
Fiscal 2018 (fiscal year ending March 31, 2019)
Responding to domestic demand with new products and new technologies also contributes to growth of overseas business
We expect the total demand in the automotive battery market in Japan to remain at about the same level as in the previous year. It is likely that the ratio of EN batteries for new cars and replacement batteries for cars with start-stop systems will further increase.
Under these circumstances, we will work to further strengthen our customer response that was enhanced through the unification of domestic and overseas divisions. In addition to continuing to promote sales of EN batteries to car manufacturers, we will also keep focusing on strengthening response to the rising demand for replacement batteries in cars with start-stop systems. Meanwhile, we will respond properly to fluctuations in the lead market.
We will also intensify collaboration with GS Yuasa Energy Co., Ltd. established after the acquisition of Panasonic Corporation’s lead-acid battery business and we are looking into ways of optimizing its production system.
As a result of these initiatives, we are forecasting net sales of 94.0 billion yen (up 4,760 million year on year) and operating income of 6.2 billion yen (up 57 million yen year on year) for fiscal 2018.
* EN battery
A unified standard battery for 30 European countries belonging to the CEN (European Committee for Standardization), CENELEC (European Committee for Electrotechnical Standardization) and ETSI (European Telecommunications Standards Institute)
    Net Sales
(Millions of yen) 100,000
89,240
 80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
0
Operating Income
67,598 50,986
     6,143
(Millions of yen) 10,000
8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
6,143
2015
2016 2017 (FY) Operating
Income Ratio
million % 6.9
(%) 5,676 10.0
3,291 8.0
8.4 6.9
6.5 6.0 4.0
2.0
     00 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
     S
Strength
 O
Opportunity
  TOPICS
 • Advanced development supported by collaboration with automakers
• Technologies accumulated over 100 years • Full lineup of products, ranging from
general to high-performance batteries
of all sizes
• Disaster-ready production and supply
system
• Lower cost competitiveness
Strengthen organizational cooperation between domestic and overseas units and build a more stable supply system.
Strive to improve cost competitiveness by building an optimal production system and promoting rationalization.
• Increased number of cars with EN (European Norm) compliant batteries
• Increased demand for cars with start-stop systems
• Falling demand for automobiles in Japan due to demographic shift
• Entry of overseas battery manufacturers into the Japanese market
• Falling sales prices due to price competition
Strengthen cooperation with car manufacturers and pursue development ahead of competitors.
While aiming to establish an optimal production framework, we will also work with car manufacturers to promote product sales that meet the needs of each country.
Expanded core model ECO.R lineup of replacement batterie
The ECO.R Revolution battery incorporates new technology which was developed based on collecting numerous used storage batteries from cars with start-stop systems and carefully analy
over 200%* better than with conventional products. This means that the better fuel economy o
e
o
s
s
 y
z
z
i
f
f
i
i
s
s
EC
n
n
g
g
 their deterioration status. As a result, the idling stop performance life of the new battery model i
 E
n
C
O
O
.
.
R
R
R
R
e
e
v
v
o
o
l
l
u
u
t
t
i
io
o
n
         W
Weakness
 T
Threat
  such cars can be maintained until the end of the service life of the battery. We also revamped th
e
ECO.R ENJ series of EN compliant batteries which are well suited to the Japanese climate and me batteries in hybrids but also as starter batteries for regular vehicles.
t JIS safety requirements. The greatly expanded battery lineup is suitable not only for use as auxiliary
h
e
e
 e
e
t
 33 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 34
* As compared to the M-42 type
ECO.R ENJ

Review of Operations
Automotive Batteries (Overseas)
       Breakdown of Net Sales
45.6%
187,625million
Fiscal 2017 (fiscal year ended March 31, 2018)
Increased sales in Southeast Asia boost net sales
Overseas sales of our automotive battery business in fiscal 2017 totaled 187,625 million yen (up 17,012 million yen), and operating income decreased to 9,470 million yen (down 1,052 million yen year on year). The main reasons for the increase in net sales were increased sales in Southeast Asia, as well as the impact of the favorable yen exchange rate. Operating income decreased due to the impact of the soaring price of lead, our main raw material.
Main initiatives in fiscal 2017 in the field of automotive lead-acid batteries mainly for the European and Chinese markets were the development of lead-acid batteries for charge control vehicles and vehicles with start-stop systems produced and used overseas, and the start of selling new products in Turkey and China. In the field of lead-acid batteries for motorcycles, production of mid-sized motorcycles is expanding in Southeast Asia. In response, we expanded our lineup by embarking on the development and production of medium-capacity valve-regulated lead-acid batteries for such motorcycles, as well as the development of valve-regulated lead-acid batteries for commuter bikes and cars with start-stop systems in India. In the field of industrial lead-acid batteries, we established a production framework for Southeast Asia at the Vietnam factory and pushed ahead with the development of lead-acid batteries for battery-powered forklifts, for which global demand is on the rise.
In addition, by sharing manufacturing and sales know-how from Japan and examples of initiatives at overseas sites, we worked to improve profitability and strengthen our existing overseas sites.
Fiscal 2018 (fiscal year ending March 31, 2019)
Meeting demand for start-stop system car lead-acid batteries while also exploring new business opportunities
In the field of automotive lead-acid batteries, we expect demand for batteries for cars with start-stop systems to expand, especially for new cars which is one of our areas of expertise in Europe and the ASEAN region. We will of course continue to pay attention to changes in demand trends due to the tightening of environmental regulations in Europe. With regard to motorcycle lead-acid batteries, demand is expected to keep rising in India.
Given these circumstances, we intend to firmly maintain our leading position in Asia as well as aiming for strong performance in the global market. In the field of automotive lead-acid batteries we will further enhance our production framework in China, Turkey and elsewhere. We are also preparing to establish ourselves in markets that are as yet new to us, such as Africa, the Middle East, the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), and East Europe. In the field of lead-acid batteries for motorcycles, we are strengthening our production framework to meet demand in the huge Indian market, and we are establishing a sales promotion structure for lead-acid batteries for cars with start-stop systems in the ASEAN region.
As a result of these initiatives, we are forecasting net sales of 220 billion yen (up 32.275 billion yen year on year) and operating income of 10.5 billion yen (up 1.093 billion yen year on year) for fiscal 2018.
      Net Sales
(Millions of yen)
200,000 150,000 100,000
50,000 0
191,402
170,613
187,625
    Operating Income
Operating Income Ratio
9,407
5.0
(%) 10.0
8.0 9,407 6.0
5.0 4.0
2.0
(Millions 15,000
12,000 9,000 6,000 3,000
of yen)
11,358
10,460
2015 2016 2017 (FY)
million %
     5.9
6.1
00 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
    S
Strength
 O
Opportunity
   • High market share and brand power • Trusted by customers with regard to
technology and quality
• Collecting and utilizing quality
information
• Broad lineup covers a wide range from
high-performance to lower priced products.
• Low brand recognition in areas where we have a low market share
• Lower cost competitiveness
Further strengthen mutual supply cooperation and sharing of technical information among sites in Japan and overseas.
We will continue to introduce resources to areas with low market share (ASEAN countries without a GS Yuasa site, Africa, the Middle East, the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), East Europe and Latin America.).
• Increased domestic and overseas demand for batteries designed for cars with start-stop systems
• Economic growth in developing nations such as India and the Mekong economic region
• Demands placed on storage batteries are changing
• Entry of overseas battery manufacturers into the Japanese market
• Falling sales prices due to price competition
• Stricter regulations for lead in Europe and North America
• Emergence of lithium-ion batteries as an alternative to lead-acid batteries
While boosting sales on the European market, we also expand our manufacturing capacities and sales in India.
We will promote the introduction of new products and work to optimize the production framework.
TOPICS
Bolstering production capacities in response to rapid expansion
of the Indian market
In order to respond to the expansion of worldwide demand for lead-acid batteries, we are not only building new plants in Turkey and China (see “Special Feature” on p. 27–28) but also increasing production capacity at existing plants.
The remarkable expansion of the Indian market is a case in point. In the near future, it is expected that its motorcycle market will become the world’s largest. In anticipation of this development, we began to establish a production framework for lead-acid batteries for motorcycles in India from early on and have been boosting its production capacity. By fiscal 2021 we intend to reach a production capacity of seven million units per year, which is about three times the current level and which should further enhance our market share.
Our Indian subsidiary Tata AutoComp GY Batteries Pvt. Ltd.
    W
Weakness
 T
Threat
  35 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 36

Review of Operations
Industrial Batteries and Power Supplies
       Breakdown of Net Sales
17.5%
72,187million
(Millions of yen) 100,000
80,000 74,804 72,765 72,187 60,000
Fiscal 2017 (fiscal year ended March 31, 2018)
Decreased income and profit due to slow sales of industrial lead-acid batteries, higher lead prices, etc.
Net sales in our industrial battery and power supply business in fiscal 2017 totaled 72,187 million yen (a decrease of 578 million yen year on year), and operating income was 6,917 million yen (a decrease of 1,784 million yen year on year).
In addition to sluggish demand for replacement industrial lead-acid batteries, the volume of large-scale orders for industrial lithium-ion batteries hit a plateau. Sales of power conditioners for self-consumption type solar power generation equipment did not reach the planned levels, which also contributed to the decline in revenue.
By contrast, batteries for forklifts, automatic guided vehicles and other motor-driven vehicles reflected the solid rise in demand. In addition, efforts by the manufacturing and sales divisions to shorten lead times and enable a more flexible shipment response have helped us to capture demand with fast delivery times. On the development side, we expanded the lineup of power conditioners with storage batteries which contributed to our forward-looking performance on environment-related markets.
However, operating income was strongly affected by the drop in sales volume and by the pronounced rise in the price of lead, our major raw material.
Fiscal 2018 (fiscal year ending March 31, 2019)
Bolstering our lineup of market friendly products leads to increased sales of industrial lithium-ion batteries
The demand for batteries and power supply equipment to serve for power backup in social infrastructure applications, as well as the demand for lead-acid batteries for forklifts and similar remains strong. Among social infrastructure applications, we are seeing a shift away from conventional lead-acid batteries to Industrial lithium-ion batteries which require less space and offer superior charge/discharge performance. This trend can be expected to accelerate further in future.
The solar power generation market is also undergoing a major transformation, moving from the feed-in tariff system to self-consumption type solar power generation equipment. If this persists, stable demand can be expected to develop, regardless of factors such as subsidy schemes and the purchase price for power. In order to meet this demand, we are actively readying products such as power conditioners with storage batteries. We will also establish an overseas sales headquarters and strengthen overseas development of industrial lithium-ion batteries.
For improving profits, we will raise the price of lead-acid batteries, and we are building a business model that allows cost fluctuations in raw material, logistics etc. to be appropriately reflected in the selling price.
As a result of these initiatives, we are forecasting net sales of 75.5 billion yen (up 3.3 billion yen year on year) and operating income of 7.3 billion yen (up 400 million yen year on year) for fiscal 2018. Going forward, we will continue to steadily promote the expansion of our business domain through an evolved process of creating products and services with a clear focus on the next generation.
      Net Sales
    40,000 20,000 0
Operating Income
2017 (FY) Operating
Income Ratio
 10,000 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
20.0
2015
2016
million % 6,917 9.6
(Millions of yen) (%)
8,701
6,917
12.0
00 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
8,061
10.8
15.0 9.6 10.0 5.0
         S
Strength
 O
Opportunity
   • High share of the industrial battery and power supply markets in Japan
• Stable brand awareness in Japan
• Strong reputation for reliability and a
broad product lineup
• Extensive sales and service network
• Comparative slowness responding to global market trends
• Insufficient inter-group communication due to organizing divisional headquarters according to product lines
Establish a comprehensive structure that goes beyond products to encompass services as well.
Promote active communication through integration of sales departments and promptly respond to changes in the global market.
• Growing use of renewable energy as society shifts to low-carbon power sources
• Increasing number of electric vehicles due to environmental regulations
• Advances in services from using the Internet of Things
• Intensifying competition, especially for industrial lithium-ion batteries
• Rising prices for raw materials • Fluctuations in exchange rates
Expand the industrial lithium-ion battery business through a commitment to renewable energy related demand, and enhance service sophistication by utilization of IoT and AI.
Build a resilient business model that allows cost fluctuations in raw material, logistics, etc. to be appropriately reflected in the selling price and that is not unduly affected by external factors.
TOPICS
Initiatives in renewable energy
In recent years, the construction of wind power plants has been increasing in areas with good wind conditions, such as Hokkaido, Tohoku and Kyushu, and the demand for storage batteries as a means of stabilizing output fluctuations caused by natural conditions is increasing.
Therefore we are intensifying our sales efforts for storage systems using industrial lithium-ion batteries, targeting very large wind farms in particular. In addition to expanding our industrial lithium-ion battery business, we are also working on further elevating quality and ensuring cost competitiveness.
    W
Weakness
 T
Threat
  37 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 38

Review of Operations
Automotive Lithium-ion Batteries
        Breakdown of Net Sales
10.8%
44,784million
Fiscal 2017 (fiscal year ended March 31, 2018)
Achieve profit for the second consecutive year by proactively promoting sales expansion and cost reduction
Net sales of our automotive lithium-ion battery business in fiscal 2017 totaled 44,784 million yen (up 5,478 million yen year on year), and operating income was 1,320 million yen (up 1,274 million yen year on year). We remained in the black for two consecutive years, in spite of increased development costs and other factors.
The positive result was due in part to increased sales of lithium-ion batteries for plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEVs) of domestic and European manufacturers by Lithium Energy Japan, and strong sales of car models for which Blue Energy Co., Ltd. is supplying lithium-ion batteries purpose-designed for hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs).
In fiscal 2017, the development division established a collaborative framework with related departments and continued to develop products for all types of eco-friendly vehicles. In the manufacturing division, we promoted cost reductions by reducing material costs and strengthening management of direct labor costs which contributed to the improvement of profitability.
In addition, we decided to build a factory in Hungary in order to produce lithium-ion starter batteries for cars, a product category where demand is expected to grow especially in Europe with its high awareness of environmental issues.
Fiscal 2018 (fiscal year ending March 31, 2019)
Promote the exploration of new markets to bolster revenue
The market for eco-friendly vehicles, electric vehicles and PHEVs will grow due to vehicle type regulations, but for the time being we are expecting HEVs with their excellent balance of environmental performance and price to remain a focal point.
In this climate, Blue Energy Co., Ltd. is responding flexibly to contacts from multiple automobile manufacturers. Lithium Energy Japan is building up production capacity for lithium-ion batteries (cells) to be used as starter batteries for cars. On the development side, we are boosting our technological strength through integration and unification, and we are pursuing research and development projects aimed at products with higher energy density. From the viewpoint of the resource depletion risk, we are also engaged in research on reuse and recycling of automotive lithium-ion batteries for other purposes, after they have reached the end of their initial service life.
As a result of these initiatives, we are forecasting net sales of 44.0 billion yen (down 784 million yen year on year) and operating income of 500 million yen (down 820 million yen year on year). Continuing to focus on quality, we will endeavor to strengthen cost control and production management and speed up investment recovery, as well as developing new markets in the automotive sector to secure profitability.
      Net Sales
 (Millions of yen) 50,000
40,000 38,312 39,305 30,000
20,000
10,000
0
2015
Operating Income
44,784
      1,320
(Millions of yen) 1,800
1,200 600
0 −565
–600
2015
2016 2017 (FY) Operating
Income Ratio
million % 2.9
 (%) 6.0
 1,320
2.9 2.0
0
–2.0 2017 (FY)
4.0
      −1.5
45
0.1 2016
   S
Strength
 O
Opportunity
  • Cutting-edge research and development
• Technologies for ensuring the safe design of high-capacity lithium-ion batteries
• Skilled human resources and business partners
• A 100-year history as a specialized manufacturer of storage batteries
• Business partners are needed for expanding operations due to insufficient capital.
• Lack of technologies for mass production
• Development of overseas markets (non-European)
Strengthen the research and development framework using our accumulated know-how, in order to accurately anticipate needs.
Strengthen technology development framework to further improve manufacturing technology and manufacturing capabilities.
• Widespread adoption of eco-friendly vehicles
• Increasingly strict fuel consumption regulations
• Growing market for industrial applications
• Possibility of accidents at the production stage and accidents caused by unsafe or defective products
• Depletion of raw materials and rising prices
• Changing customer needs, competitors moving ahead
Cultivate new markets with GS Yuasa Hungary Ltd. as a future European site and strengthen the production system of the respective business companies.
Focus on strengthening research and development to enable raw materials cost reduction, realize horizontal deployment of productivity improvement activities and intensify research on reuse and recycling.
TOPICS
New lithium-ion battery plant in Hungary
In October 2017, we established the wholly owned subsidiary GS Yuasa Hungary Ltd. in Miskolc, Hungary, where we are currently constructing a new plant for automotive lithium-ion batteries. For the time being, the plant will be using lithium-ion cells made in Japan to manufacture batteries, but we are also considering the production of lithium-ion cells at the plant in the future.
We have already secured a vast site of about 140,000 square meters, which provides the potential to develop the plant into a base for supplying batteries for various types of eco-friendly vehicles in Europe, where the tightening of environmental regulations is expected to result in a considerable rise in demand.
New plant site of GS Yuasa Hungary Ltd.
     W
Weakness
 T
Threat
  39 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 40

 Review of Operations
Others
        Breakdown of Net Sales
4.1%
17,113million
Fiscal 2017 (fiscal year ended March 31, 2018)
Started mass-production of the world’s first submarine lithium-ion battery,
achieving higher sales and profits
Net sales from our other business operations in fiscal 2017 totaled 17,113 million yen (up 7,790 million yen year on year), and operating income was 287 million yen (up 987 million yen year on year).
The main reason for the substantial increase in revenue is that mass production of lithium-ion batteries for submarines has been readied and launched in this term. Increased demand for replacement aircraft batteries overseas and shipments of batteries for deep water rescue vessels were further contributing factors.
In addition, our space lithium-ion batteries were adopted for the Michibiki 2 which plays a central role in Japan’s quasi-zenith satellite system, as well as for the Michibiki 3 and 4 satellites. We focused on research and development to provide the level of technical performance and quality that can withstand the harsh conditions that exist in environments such as the deep sea and space. Our intensive sales promotion activities to the respective markets have also borne fruit. On the other hand, soaring raw material prices have put a damper on business performance.
With regard to profits, in addition to the increase in sales, we recorded a substantial increase in operating income as a result of the decrease in administrative department expenses which has a company-wide effect.
Fiscal 2018 (fiscal year ending March 31, 2019)
Forecast of decreased income and profit due to change in sales composition ratio
Defense spending shows an increasing trend, and we expect stable demand for products of our Group as well. We will work to stabilize our existing business operations and promote intensive efforts to further expand growth.
In fiscal 2018, we will begin to ship the world’s first lithium-ion batteries for submarines. In addition, we will focus on research and development of various products including satellite batteries with high energy density, and we will continue to work on improving our production systems to ensure stable quality.
As a result of these initiatives, we are forecasting net sales of 17.0 billion yen (down 613 million yen year on year). Operating income is expected to drop, mainly due to a change in sales composition ratio. Company-wide expenses are also expected to rise.
      Net Sales
(Millions of yen) 20,000
15,000
10,000 10,104
5,000 0
2015
Operating Income
9,323
2016
17,113
2017 (FY) Operating
Income Ratio
% 1.7
(%) 287 3.0
1.7
   287
(Millions of yen) 300
million
  0 −300 −600 −900
0 −235
2015
−699 0 −3.0 −6.0
−7.5 −9.0 2016 2017 (FY)
 ©JAXA/NASA
   S
Strength
 O
Opportunity
   • Advanced capabilities in and close cooperation between manufacturing, development, engineering and sales operations
• Safe, reliable and high-quality products • Group-wide use of the latest technologies
that have high barriers to entry
• Extensive experience in specialized
applications
• Weak brand presence outside Japan
• Large investments needed for R&D and
facilities
Stabilize production and quality, and work on product development, including the planting of technology seeds for the next generation.
Review sales framework for facilitating overseas expansion.
• Growing requirement for high-capacity lithium-ion batteries
• Increasing demand for lithium-ion batteries for submarines
• Increasing demand for aircraft lithium-ion batteries
• Japan’s easing of restrictions on exporting arms
• Depletion and rising prices for raw materials
• Intensifying competition with rival companies
• Commoditization of lithium-ion batteries
Realize a stable mass production system and work to strengthen sales promotion activities and export business based on thorough market analysis.
In response to the sharp rise in raw material prices, we aim to secure appropriate volumes and have begun efforts to hedge risk.
TOPICS
Michibiki 2 utilizes lithium-ion batteries of our Group
Following the currently operating Michibiki (first quasi-zenith satellite), the GS Yuasa Group’s space lithium-ion batteries were also installed in the Michibiki 2 satellite. Satellites are becoming important also as tools for a new social infrastructure, performing tasks such as data acquisition, communications etc. Related demand in this area is expected to rise in future.
    W
Weakness
 T
Threat
  41 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 42
The first quasi-zenith satellite Michibiki
©JAXA

Research and Development
Actively Investing in New Technology and New Product Development
The GS Yuasa Group carried out proactive research and development covering basic research through to the development of products and manufacturing technologies for every business segment: Automotive Batteries (Japan and overseas), Industrial Batteries and Power Supplies, Automotive Lithium-ion Batteries, and other businesses.
Research and Development Costs
Automotive Batteries (Japan and Overseas)
Automotive Batteries (Overseas) Industrial Batteries and Power Supplies Automotive Lithium-ion Batteries Others
Anti-idling start-stop systems are making inroads also in the motorbike sector, as concern for the environment is on the rise, and the high reliability and excellent charge acceptance performance of our batteries make them preferred choices for such applications as well.
Automotive Batteries (Overseas)
In the field of automotive lead-acid batteries for overseas markets, we are developing products and manufacturing technologies for charge control vehicles and vehicles with start-stop systems produced and sold overseas. At Turkey’s Inci GS Yuasa Aku Sanayi ve Ticaret Annimim Sirketi which was incorporated in 2015, we are developing lead-acid batteries for cars with start-stop systems in the European market. In addition, special products for such vehicles have been added to the range of lead-acid batteries offered by the Tianjin GS Battery Co., Ltd. in China for replacement applications and to the automotive lead-acid batteries made by GS Yuasa Japan for export, with a view toward further expanding sales.
For the overseas motorcycle market, we developed medium-capacity class valve-regulated lead-acid batteries for medium-sized motorcycles, responding to the expanding production of such motorcycles for export in Southeast Asia, and production at the respective manufacturing sites has been started successively. We also developed valve-regulated lead-acid batteries for commuter motorcycles and motorcycles with start-stop systems in the Indian market, which is expected to grow substantially. This has boosted our product lineup and has resulted in orders for use in new bikes.
Industrial Batteries and Power Supplies
In the industrial battery and power supply business, we are conducting research and development on industrial lead-acid batteries, power supply equipment, power conditioners for photovoltaic power generation, industrial lithium-ion batteries, as well as lighting and environment-related equipment.
In the field of industrial lead-acid batteries, we are working to expand our SLR line of stationary lead-acid batteries for large-capacity power storage systems, featuring super long life and world-leading cycle life performance. In addition to the existing 1000 Ah SLR-1000, we introduced
the SLR-500 model in fiscal 2017, and we are planning to release more smaller-capacity types in fiscal 2018. We also developed an additive that significantly improves the performance of lead-acid batteries for electric forklifts. This will be brought to market in products scheduled for release in fiscal 2018.
In the power supply sector, we developed the TRUSTAR-LIM DC power supply utilizing industrial lithium-ion batteries. Similar to lead-acid batteries or alkaline batteries, it has Fire Service Law approval, which means that it can be used in fire-fighting facilities. In addition, the BACSTAR-LIM series of AC uninterruptible power supplies equipped with industrial lithium-ion batteries has been renewed. By expanding our lineup of DC power supplies and AC uninterruptible power supplies for protecting important equipment from power outages and disasters, we are contributing to the realization of a safe and secure society.
In the field of power conditioners for solar power generation, we developed a Single-phase Line Back IV power conditioner (10 kVA) designed for wall mounting that is optimal for medium-sized photovoltaic power generation facilities. Featuring high conversion efficiency and excellent durability, it can be adapted to a wide range of requirements. An integrated self-sustained operation output circuit ensures that the power generated by the photovoltaic cells can be used effectively even during a power outage.
In the field of industrial lithium-ion batteries, the high output type LIM 25H-8 module that supports instant high-current charge and discharge is being used in dockside gantry cranes and automated guided vehicles, etc., saving energy and reducing emissions, and thereby contributing to a reduction of environmental impact.
In the field of lighting, we are working on expanding our lineup of LED lighting fixtures mainly for outdoors and factory use. In the field of environment-related equipment, we have
developed membranes with less clogging and inexpensive membranes for membrane bioreactors (MBR) and are working on expanding sales to the Asian market. We also developed a grafted membrane separator for hydrogen generators and plan to market it from fiscal 2018.
Automotive Lithium-ion Batteries
In this area, we are conducting fundamental research on lithium-ion batteries and research and development on
automotive lithium-ion batteries.
The basic research on lithium-ion batteries included
studies aimed at increasing the reliability, safety and energy density of medium and large-sized batteries. To improve the performance of lithium-ion batteries, we explored materials for next-generation positive and negative electrodes and improved their capabilities. We also conducted research on post lithium-ion batteries.
With regard to automotive lithium-ion batteries, we are engaged in enhancing mass production capabilities of products for electric vehicles, plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEVs), and hybrid electric vehicles. We are widening our product palette with a focus on even better reliability and higher safety.
Others
Our other business activities include research and development of lithium-ion batteries for aircraft and spacecraft applications.
In the aviation sector, we have supplied lithium-ion batteries used in the Boeing 787 aircraft. In the space exploration sector, our lithium-ion batteries for rocket applications have been adopted for the liquid fuel rockets H-II A, H-II B and Epsilon. In December 2016, the H-II Transfer Vehicle Kounotori 6 began transportation of lithium-ion batteries to be used for supplying power to the International Space Station.
  Automotive Batteries (Japan)
 9,533 316
11,170 412
6,086
2,055 2,615*
  6,725 6,998
6,495 131 190 5,200 191
 3,046
3,006
3,221
1,923 2,258 2,257 2,288
658 643 625 498 676 685 703 1,230
 * The data for FY 2017 combine the automotive battery business figures for Japan and overseas.
Automotive Batteries (Japan)
As part of our R&D efforts in the automotive lead-acid battery sector, we developed a technology for substantially reducing sulfation (the build-up of lead sulfate crystals), the primary cause of deterioration in lead-acid batteries for vehicles with start-stop systems. We also released the ECO.R Revolution series of products suitable for both vehicles with start-stop systems and regular vehicles. Furthermore, in view of the fact that Japanese cars are also increasingly being equipped with EN batteries for the European market, we expanded our lineup ECO.R ENJ lineup first introduced in 2016.
In the area of lead-acid batteries for Japanese-market motorcycles, we are engaged in developing new technologies for leisure bikes, general commuter bikes and others.
   43 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 44
(Millions of yen) 12,000
10,000
8,000
6,000
4,000
2,000
0
2013 2014
2015 2016 2017 (FY)

CSR
Practicing Our Corporate Philosophy Is the Basis of Our CSR
GS Yuasa Group’s CSR
“Innovation and Growth,” our corporate philosophy, is the basis of the GS Yuasa Group’s CSR. By reforming our business processes and developing new technologies without being bound by convention, we aim to generate innovation and, as a result, drive sustainable growth by expanding earnings and contributing to people, society, and the global environment. This is the basis of our CSR.
Furthermore, by responding swiftly through our business to global social issues and the needs and expectations of interested parties, we aim to become a company in which society places long-term trust and hopes for us to remain a presence into the future.
CSR Policy and Code of Conduct
The GS YUASA CSR Policy and Code of Conduct*, formulated in May 2017 as the President’s Policy, have become the foundation of the Group’s CSR activities.
In the GS Yuasa Group, all employees understand that CSR activities are business activities, and we encourage everyone to take part based on our CSR Policy and Code of Conduct in order to ensure the sustainable development of society and business.
* Our CSR Policy and Code of Conduct are available on our website: http://www.gs-yuasa.com/en/csr/policy_e.php
CSR Promotion Framework
Our Group has established an organizational framework to promote CSR through our business and to make continuous improvements.
In order to supervise the CSR activities of the entire Group, including related companies both in Japan and overseas, we have designated the company President as the chief commanding officer for the promotion of CSR and set up the post of officer in charge of CSR, who is appointed by and works directly under the president.
In addition, the CSR Committee, which is chaired by the officer in charge of CSR and comprises persons responsible for CSR in business divisions, Group companies, etc. as members, discusses, plans, and promotes CSR activities throughout the Group as a whole.
After important matters relating to the promotion of CSR in the Group, including CSR Policy, have been discussed in the CSR Committee, they are decided by the Board of Directors.
Specification of Materiality (Key CSR Challenges)
To reflect CSR challenges in our business strategy, the GS Yuasa Group analyzes and assesses the impact on business and the impact of our business on society and then clarifies the Group’s materiality for items that need to be addressed.
Regarding the specified materiality, as necessary we have set targets relating to our business strategy and, to achieve those targets, have formulated concrete activity plans and key performance indicators (KPIs) to gauge progress in achieving the goals.
Materiality Specification Process
Step 1 : Identify risks and opportunities in CSR
For key challenges in the Mid-Term Management Plan, GS Yuasa identifies risks in CSR (that hinder the resolution of challenges) and opportunities in CSR (that promote the resolution of challenges). When identifying these risks and opportunities, our actions are based on international guidelines related to CSR.
Step 2 : Specify significant risks and opportunities in CSR
GS Yuasa evaluates and assigns a score to the scale of the CSR risks and opportunities identified in Step 1 in consideration of the impact on business (possibility of occurrence x scale of impact on business), which enables us to specify risks and opportunities as key business challenges. Next, we evaluate the impact of our Group’s business activities on society relative to these core business risks and opportunities based on the number of related CSR themes
      GS YUASA CSR Policy
Besides legal compliance, we respect international norms, guidelines, and initiatives related to social responsibility, work on sustainable development of our business through developing energy storage technologies, and contribute to people, society, and global environment.
1. Developing fair, transparent, and sound business, and anti- corruption
GS YUASA conducts a transparent business policy which aims to earn the trust of customers, business partners, shareholders, and of local communities as a top priority. And to adhere to laws and regulations of each country and region. Furthermore, we address to prevent any kind of corruption, will not tolerate any illegal political contribution, bribery of public officials, and will not have relationships with personnel or organizations of organised crime.
2. Respect for human rights
GS YUASA will respect all human rights and labor rights, and will not tolerate any forced labor or child labor. Diversity will be respected, without any discrimination being tolerated.
3. Conservation and improvement of adequate working environment
GS YUASA will provide safe and comfortable working environments for anyone who works for GS YUASA. Proper management will be provided in order to promote mid to long-term development of human resources.
4. Fulfillment of our responsibilities to provide safe and secure products and services
GS YUASA ensures the safety and quality of products/services to the end of their lifecycle throughout manufacturing. Furthermore, GS YUASA honest provides clear safety information for all products/services.
5. Global environmental conservation
GS YUASA addresses to prevent pollution, and to mitigate climate change, and to establish a sound material-cycle society through using sustainable resources.
6. Building better relationships with local communities
GS YUASA will contribute to sound and sustainable development of local communities through building better relationships with their local communities.
7. Ensuring social responsibility within our supply chain
 GS YUASA will promote actions to ensure social responsibility within our supply chain.
CSR Promotion Framework
Board of Directors
President CSR Committee
(Chair: Officer in charge of CSR)
Business divisions, Group companies
Medium- to Long-Term CSR Promotion Initiatives
As shown in the following table, our Group formulates medium- to long-term CSR promotion plans with the aim of conducting CSR activities through our business.
For fiscal 2019, we have set the target of incorporating important CSR themes that take account of global social issues and the needs and expectations of interested parties into our business strategy.
Medium- to Long-Term Initiatives
    45 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 46
Phase
Period
FY 2016–17
FY 2018
FY 2019
Target
.......
and social importance. We then specify risks and opportunities that will be key CSR domains.
Matrix of key CSR domains
Impact on business
  Key CSR domains
 First stage Second stage Third stage
Create processes to deal with the CSR challenges in relation to our business strategy (Fourth Mid-Term Management Plan)
Analyze and evaluate our performance using these processes and then make improvements
Establish business processes that incorporate CSR challenges into our business strategy (Fifth Mid-Term Management Plan)
Step 3 : Specify materiality
GS Yuasa orders the core CSR risks and opportunities
evaluated in Step 2 and then specifies materiality in consideration of the response method to the risks and opportunities.
Impact on society

CSR
                  Materiality and KPIs
Regarding the specified materiality, we set targets (KPIs) in order to achieve the specific challenges. Clarifying the scope
Thoroughly fulfilling our CSR and ensuring compliance
Respect and protection for intellectual property
Strict management of confidential information
Respect for human rights
Respect for individuality
Human resources development
Improvement of safety and health in working environments
of important challenges as domestic, overseas, or global, we rotate the PDCA (plan, do, check, act) cycle for CSR activities.
For your reference, here is an explanation of the SDG numbers shown in the materiality list of important CSR issues.
Fulfillment of our responsibilities to provide safe and secure products and services
   Materiality Activity outline Scope of KPI FY 2018 target SDGs application*
  Developing fair, transparent, and sound business, and anticorruption
  Provision of legal information and promotion of compliance training
Thorough avoidance of infringements of third-party intellectual property rights
Promotion of the exposure of imitation goods (expansion of access channels to overseas organizations, etc.)
Promotion of security measures and strengthening of illegal/inappropriate access monitoring
Promotion of information security training
Domestic
Overseas
Global
Overseas
Global
Domestic
Overseas
Domestic
Annual frequency of issue of legal information
Ratio of implementation of compliance training in training by rank for employees promoted to managerial and supervisory positions
Overseas deployment of domestic compliance training system
Building of system to share the legal information of each country
Strengthening of surveys to prevent patent violations (thorough implementation of surveys at the development stage)
Monitoring and eradication of local intellectual property violations (imitation products)
Cyberattack response ratio at time of detecting high security alerts
Information leakage confirmation and response ratio at time of large data output
Achievement of plan to deploy illegal/inappropriate access monitoring system in overseas Group companies
Ratio of employees passing information security proficiency test
16 times
100% of eligible persons
Understanding of local training systems
Understanding of method of gathering legal information at overseas sites
Complete operation
Complete operation
100%
100%
100%
100%
  Materiality Activity outline Scope of KPI FY 2018 target SDGs application*
               Provision of high-quality products
    Promotion of quality improvement and strengthening of quality communication (utilization of quality management system)
Strengthening of maintenance service setup (site expansion, personnel training, etc.)
Promotion of product safety education
Promotion of effective use of water resources
Contribution to realization of low-carbon society
Promotion of measures to prevent pollution (thorough environmental risk management)
Consideration of overseas deployment of voluntary used product recovery system
Market expansion for our products contained in environmentally conscious products (for use in low-pollution vehicles, etc.)
Development of products enhancing environmental performance
Global
Domestic
Global
Domestic
Overseas
Domestic
Overseas
Domestic
Overseas
Overseas
Global
Domestic
Achievement of quality targets
Achievement of sales targets of maintenance companies
Number of serious product accidents
Volume of wastewater
Understanding of state of use of water recycling
CO2 emission intensity
Understanding of state of management of CO2 emission reduction targets
Number of cases exceeding voluntary administrative standards (water and air quality)
Understanding of state of operation of voluntary administrative standards (water and air quality)
Implementation of underground seepage risk surveys
(1) Understanding of state of used product recovery in target countries
(2) Understanding of used product recovery systems at target sites
Achievement of sales targets
Achievement of long-life targets for Li batteries
100%
100%
None
  Global environmental conservation
 Reduce by 77% or more (compared with FY 2003)
Understanding of performance
Reduce by 5% or more (compared with FY 2013)
Understanding of performance
None
Understanding of performance
Understanding of performance
Understanding of performance
 100%
100%
            Promoting environmental protection
Developing and popularizing environmentally considered products
Ensuring social responsibility within our supply chain
CSR procurement promotion
             Promotion of compliance training and thorough dissemination of hotline report system
Promotion of the thorough management of employees’ working hours and prevention of the recurrence of long working hours
Promotion of labor safety and health risk management
Overseas
Domestic
Overseas
Domestic
Overseas
Understanding of the state of implementation of education relating to the improvement of self-analysis skills
(1) Response ratio to prevent the recurrence of long working hours
(2) Annual frequency of labor-management consultations relating to working hours
(3) Number of days of annual paid leave acquired
Understanding of the state of response to long working hours, etc.
(1) Number of accidents requiring days off work (2) Employees’ blood lead concentration
(3) Number of Class 3 working environments
(1) Understanding of state of accidents requiring days off work
(2) Understanding of state of employees’ blood lead concentration and setting of administrative standards
(3) Understanding of state of lead handling control concentration
100%
  Conservation and improvement of adequate working environment
 Promotion of human resource development programs
Domestic
Overseas
Domestic
Achievement of human rights education plan
Understanding of state of harassment response
Achievement of educational plans relating to the improvement of self-analysis skills
Understanding of performance
100%
Understanding of performance
(1) 100%
(2) 12 times
(3) 10 or more days/person
Understanding of performance
(1) None
(2) 35 μg/dL or less (3) None
Understanding of performance Setting of administrative standards
           Continued implementation of conflict mineral surveys
Global
Conflict mineral survey implementation ratio
100%
Management of supplier CSR risks
Global
Retrieval ratio of supplier CSR risk questionnaires
100%
         * The scope of application may not cover all Group companies.
  47 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 48

  CSR
List of Website Contents
Details of our Group’s CSR efforts are available on our website.
CSR Promotion
• President’s Message
• CSR Policy and Code of Conduct • CSR Promotion Framework
• Materiality
Developing Fair, Transparent, and Sound Business, and Anti-Corruption
• Corporate Governance
• Risk Management
• Compliance with Laws, etc. • Information Security
• Intellectual Property
Respect for Human Rights
• Prohibition of Discrimination and Respect for Diversity • Respect for Labor Rights
• Prohibition of Forced Labor and Child Labor
Conservation and Improvement of Adequate Working Environment
• Provision of Comfortable Working Environment
• Conservation and Improvement of Safety and Health in
Working Environments
• Ensuring Appropriate Working Hours
• Mid to Long-term Human Resources Development and Appropriate Ability Assessment
• Respect for Individual Work-Life Balance
Fulfillment of Our Responsibilities to Provide Safe and Secure Products and Services
• Focus on Safety and Quality • Examples of Activities
Global Environmental Conservation
• Fundamental Environmental Policy and Environmental Mid-term Plans
• Environmental Management Systems
• Environmental Performance and Environmental
Accounting
• Activity to Decrease Environmental Burdens
Building Better Relationships with Local Communities
• Contributions to the Environment
• Contributions to Human Resource Development • Contributions to Society
Ensuring Social Responsibility within Our Supply Chain
• Basic Procurement Policy
• Promotion of CSR Procurement
Other
• Editorial Policy
• External Evaluation
Click here to view our CSR efforts: http://www.gs-yuasa.com/en/csr/
                   49 GS YUASA Report 2018
 Our Group has established a speedy and efficient organization structure so as to continuously enhance our medium- and long-term corporate value in line with our philosophy of “Innovation and Growth.” We also endeavor to improve the fairness and impartiality of our management by having outside directors with adequate independence supervise our management and executive functions.
Furthermore, with the aim of fulfilling our social responsibility and building trust among all stakeholders, we not only abide by laws, regulations, and our articles of incorporation but also practice highly transparent management based on a rigorous view of corporate ethics.
Governance
Directors and Auditors...........................51
Corporate Governance /
Risk Management / Compliance /
Information Security / Intellectual Property . . . 53
GS YUASA Report 2018 50
 
      Governance
Takayoshi Matsunaga
Katsuya Ohara
Hideaki Yamada
Tsukasa Fujii
Ikuo Otani
Shinji Ochiai
      Masahide Kuragaki
Directors and Auditors
(As of June 28, 2018)
Kei Nishida
Directors
Osamu Murao
Toshiyuki Nakagawa, Senior Managing Director
Apr. 1981 Joined Japan Storage Battery Co., Ltd. (currently GS Yuasa International Ltd.)
Jan. 2006 General Manager, Finance and Accounting Division of the Company
Toshiyuki Nakagawa
Ikuo Otani, Outside Director
Mar. 1976 Joined Wacoal Corp. (currently Wacoal Holdings Corporation)
Akio Furukawa
    Osamu Murao, President and Representative Director
Apr. 1982 Joined Japan Storage Battery Co., Ltd. (currently GS Yuasa International Ltd.)
Apr. 2010 General Manager, Industrial Battery Production Division, Industrial Batteries & Power Sources Business Unit, GS Yuasa International Ltd
Jun. 2011 Officer, GS Yuasa International Ltd. Jun. 2012 Director of the Company
Director of GS Yuasa International Ltd.
Jun. 2015 President of the Company (current position)
President, GS Yuasa International Ltd. (current position)
Kei Nishida, Executive Vice President and Representative Director
Apr. 1977 Joined Japan Storage Battery Co., Ltd. (currently GS Yuasa International Ltd.)
Jul. 2007 Corporate Officer, GS Yuasa Power Supply, Ltd. (currently GS Yuasa International Ltd.)
Auditors
Shinji Ochiai, Outside Full-time Auditor
Apr. 1978 Joined Mitsui Trust and Banking Company, Limited (currently Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited)
Oct. 1999 Manager, Toyohashi Branch,
May 2001 General Manager, Audit No. 2 Division, Chuo Mitsui Trust
and Banking Company (currently Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Bank, Limited)
Oct. 2003 General Manager, General Affairs Division, Chuo Mitsui Trust
Hideaki Yamada, Full-time Corporate Auditor
       Jul. 2007
Jun. 2009 Apr. 2010
Jun. 2010
Jun. 2012 Jun. 2014
Jun. 2018
Corporate Officer, GS Yuasa Power Supply, Ltd. (currently GS Yuasa International Ltd.)
Corporate Officer of the Company
General Manager, Corporate Office of the Company Corporate Officer, GS Yuasa International Ltd.
Director of the Company; Head of the Corporate Office of the Company (current position)
Director, GS Yuasa International Ltd.
President, GS Yuasa Accounting Service Ltd.
Managing Director of the Company; Managing Director, GS Yuasa International Ltd.
Senior Managing Director of the Company (current position); Senior Managing Director, GS Yuasa International Ltd. (current position)
Jun. 2004 Jun. 2006 Apr. 2008 Apr. 2010
Jun. 2010
Jun. 2011 Jun. 2012 Jun. 2017
Corporate Officer and General Manager of Corporate Management Division, Wacoal Corp.
Director and Corporate Officer in charge of Corporate Management, Wacoal Corp.
Director, Corporate Officer and General Manager of General Planning Division, Wacoal Corp.
Director and Corporate Officer in charge of Accounting, Wacoal Corp.; General Manager of Corporate Planning Division, Wacoal Holdings Corporation
Director and General Manager of Corporate Planning Division, Wacoal Holdings Corporation
Managing Director, Wacoal Holdings Corporation Senior Managing Director, Wacoal Holdings Corporation Director of the Company (current position)
and Banking Company (currently Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited); General Manager, General Affairs Division, Mitsui Trust Holdings (currently Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Inc.)
Executive Officer, Chuo Mitsui Trust and Banking Company Limited (currently Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited) Managing Director, Chuo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Inc. (currently Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Inc.)
Director and Managing Executive Officer of Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Inc.
Director of Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Inc.
Full-time Corporate Auditor of the Company (current position); Corporate Auditor of GS Yuasa International Ltd. (current position)
Apr. 1980
Sep. 2005 Apr. 2008 Jun. 2009
Jun. 2010
Jun. 2014 Jun. 2017
Joined Japan Storage Battery Co., Ltd. (currently GS Yuasa International Ltd.)
Head of Auditing Office of the Company
General Manager, General Affairs Division of the Company Corporate Officer, GS Yuasa Power Supply, Ltd. (currently GS Yuasa International Ltd.)
General Manager in charge of Corporate Strategy, Corporate Office of the Company; Head of Corporate Strategic Planning Office of GS Yuasa International Ltd.
Executive Officer of GS Yuasa International Ltd.
Full-time Corporate Auditor of the Company (current position); Full-time Corporate Auditor of GS Yuasa International Ltd. (current position)
Jul. 2006
Jun. 2010
Apr. 2011
Apr. 2013 Jun. 2013
Tsukasa Fujii, Outside Part-time Auditor
   Jun. 2008 Jun. 2009 Apr. 2010
Jun. 2012 Jun. 2015 Jun. 2018
General Manager, Corporate Strategic Planning Office and Head of the Public Relations Office of the Company Corporate Officer of the Company
Director of the Company
Head of the Corporate Office of the Company; Director, GS Yuasa International Ltd.; Head of Lithium-ion Batteries Business of the Company
Managing Director of the Company; Managing Director, GS Yuasa International Ltd.
Senior Managing Director of the Company; Senior Managing Director, GS Yuasa International Ltd. (current position) Executive Vice President of the Company (current position); Executive Vice President, GS Yuasa International Ltd. (current position)
Masahide Kuragaki, Managing Director
Apr. 1979 Joined Japan Storage Battery Co., Ltd. (currently GS Yuasa International Ltd.)
Jul. 2007 Corporate Officer, GS Yuasa Power Supply, Ltd. (currently GS Yuasa International Ltd.)
Apr. 1975 Jun. 2002
Apr. 2004 Jun. 2004 Apr. 2005 Apr. 2008
Jun. 2008 Mar. 2014 Jun. 2014
Jun. 2018
Joined Sekisui Chemical Co., Ltd.
Director and Senior Vice President of High Performance Plastics Company, Sekisui Chemical Co., Ltd.
Director responsible for IT-Related Business Unit, High Performance Plastics Company, Sekisui Chemical Co., Ltd.: Managing Director responsible for IT Business Unit, High Performance Plastics Company, Sekisui Chemical Co., Ltd. Senior Managing Director and President of High Performance Plastics Company, Sekisui Chemical Co., Ltd. Senior Managing Director, Senior Managing Officer, and President of High Performance Plastics Company, Sekisui Chemical Co., Ltd.
Director, Senior Managing Officer and President of High Performance Plastics Company, Sekisui Chemical Co., Ltd. Director responsible for matters designated by the president, Sekisui Chemical Co., Ltd.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Sekisui Chemical Co., Ltd.; Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Sekisui Jushi Corporation
Director of the Company (current position)
Katsuya Ohara, Outside Full-time Auditor
Apr. 2008 Jun. 2009
Jun. 2015
Jun. 2017 Jun. 2018
General Manager, Human Resources Division of the Company
Director of the Company;
Director of GS Yuasa Power Supply, Ltd. (currently GS Yuasa International Ltd.)
Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Member, Mitsubishi Nichiyu Forklift Co., Ltd. (currently Mitsubishi Logisnext Co., Ltd.), Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member (current position)
Managing Director, GS Yuasa International Ltd. (current position)
Managing Director of the Company (current position)
Apr. 1981 Apr. 1996
Sep. 2000
Joined the Bank of Tokyo, Ltd. (currently the MUFG Bank, Ltd.) Deputy Manager of Paris Branch, Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd. (currently MUFG Bank, Ltd.)
Deputy Manager, Treasury Trading Group, Currency Exchange and Capital Division, Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. (currently the MUFG Bank, Ltd.)
Jan. 2017 Member of Committee of Experts of Osaka District Court
(related to non-contentious landlord-tenant matters; current
position)
Jun. 2017 Corporate Auditor of the Company (current position)
Akio Furukawa, Director
Jun. 2011
Jun. 2013 Jun. 2016
Takayoshi Matsunaga, Outside Director
Apr. 1986
Apr. 1991
Apr. 2007
Sep. 2014
Registered as an attorney at law; Joined Keiichi Uehara Law Office
Established Tatsuno, Ozaki & Fujii Law Office, Partner of the office (current position)
Part-time lecturer of Kwansei Gakuin University Law School (current position)
Chairman of Hirakata City Building Examination Committee (current position)
  Jan. 2003 Head of the Currency Exchange and Capital ASEAN Office, Currency Exchange and Capital Division, Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. (currently MUFG Bank, Ltd.)
Jan. 2006 General Manager of Milano Branch, the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. (currently MUFG Bank, Ltd.)
May 2008 President, Managing Director & General Manager of Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ (Holland) N.V. (currently MUFG Bank (Europe) N.V.)
Managing Executive Officer, Deputy General Manager of Global Business Unit, and General Manager of International Business Consulting Office, Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting Co., Ltd.
 51 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 52
Apr. 1981 Aug. 2003
Apr. 2010
Jun. 2011 Apr. 2012
Jun. 2014 Jun. 2017 Jun. 2018
Joined Yuasa Battery Co., Ltd. (currently GS Yuasa International Ltd.)
General Manager, International Sales Department, Company Sales Unit, Power Supply System Sales Division, Yuasa Corporation (currently GS Yuasa International Ltd.)
General Manager, Industrial Battery Business Promotion Division, International Business Unit, GS Yuasa International Ltd.
Officer, GS Yuasa International Ltd.
Deputy General Manager, International Business Unit, GS Yuasa International Ltd.
Corporate Officer, GS Yuasa International Ltd.
Executive Officer of the Company
Director of the Company (current position); Director, GS Yuasa International Ltd. (current position)
Managing Executive Officer, General Manager, International Department, Consulting and Global Business Unit, Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting Co., Ltd.
Full-time Corporate Auditor of the Company (current position); Corporate Auditor of GS Yuasa International Ltd. (current position)

Governance
Corporate Governance
We are focused on strengthening our corporate governance to enhance our sustainable growth and improve our medium- and long-term corporate value.
Corporate Governance
Approach and Governance System
To drive sustainable growth and enhance corporate value over the medium and long terms, the GS Yuasa Group is committed to establishing an organization and systems that enable fast, efficient responses to a changing business environment. At the same time, our basic policy on corporate governance is to make every effort to thoroughly implement and strengthen compliance and improve the soundness and transparency of management.
A new governance structure began in fiscal 2017 based on this philosophy. GS Yuasa Corporation, the holding company, is responsible for formulating management strategies for all of the Group’s businesses, as well as management for the entire Group and oversight of the Group’s business execution. GS Yuasa International Ltd., the Group’s core operating company, is the key decision-making body for business execution, consolidating and strengthening business execution and making swift business-related decisions.
The Board of Directors makes quick, effective decisions by prioritizing strategic decision making and supervisory functions for management policy. In addition, increasing the number of independent outside directors helps reinforce monitoring.
Evaluating the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
The effectiveness of the Board of Directors has been evaluated once a year since fiscal 2016. All directors and corporate auditors fill out a questionnaire on the structure, management, agenda and duties of the board. As a result of analysis and evaluation of the content, it has been deemed that the Board of Directors is operating effectively. In fiscal 2017, however, opinions were also stated to the effect that the follow-up of important agenda items was inadequate and discussion of medium- and long-term management plans needed deepening. Therefore, we have resolved to issue regular reports on matters designated as requiring progress reports, review the compilation process for medium- and long-term management plans, issue regular progress reports after compilation, and implement appropriate analysis and response. Going forward, we will continue to assess the effectiveness of the Board of Directors and strive to make further improvements.
Reasons for Appointing Internal Directors
To provide control over the Group as the holding company, GS Yuasa Corporation applies a balanced approach to appointing directors who possess knowledge and experience covering the business and functions of the entire Group and the necessary aptitude and competence to ensure speedy decision making.
At present there are no female directors, but GS Yuasa positively recruits female graduates and promotes measures to encourage women to be active at work, including next-generation training, and the ratio of women in managerial positions is gradually increasing.
Policy on the Independence of Outside Directors
Candidates selected as outside directors must meet the requirements for independence set out in the Companies Act and possess the experience and insight to objectively and fairly judge the legality and appropriateness of the execution of the company’s duties from the shareholders’ perspective without being limited by being in charge of business implementation. Also, we believe in the importance of employing people who are outwardly independent and use the Tokyo Stock Exchange’s independence standards as their reference.
Remuneration of Directors
Remuneration paid to directors and auditors in fiscal 2017 is shown below.
 Directors / Auditor Outside Directors Meeting
Total Amount of Remuneration, Etc. by Category, Total Amount of Remuneration, Etc. by Type, and Number of Applicable Persons
Directors (excluding outside directors)
Auditors (excluding outside auditors)
Outside directors/auditors
11 2 6
 Category
209
11
51
Number of applicable persons
 Outside Director’s Comment
Actively Making Proposals While Maintaining Objectivity and Impartiality
Outside Director Ikuo Otani
I was appointed as an outside director of GS Yuasa in June 2017. Before my appointment, I was involved in accounting and management planning at Wacoal Holdings, where I was in charge of the transition to a holding company system and the establishment of a governance setup. Utilizing this experience, at GS Yuasa I have been endeavoring to ensure that discussions and reports in the Board of Directors are conducted appropriately and to check that agenda items have been scrutinized from many angles, including the legal and accounting aspects and risks.
At GS Yuasa, directors have a close relationship
among themselves, and an atmosphere has been created in which it is easy to state opinions. Rational management decisions are made on each agenda item, and I sense that all of the directors, including the president, are very sincere about governance. In recent years various improvements have been made to the governance mechanism, and I believe that the effectiveness of the Board of Directors is steadily increasing. Furthermore, when I requested that progress reports should be made as necessary to outside directors so as to boost their understanding of principal business activities, it was decided to create such an opportunity.
GS Yuasa launched a new governance setup in fiscal 2017, but I think there is still room for further improvement in the monitoring functions of the Group as a whole. As the further strengthening of the setup is required, while maintaining my objectivity and impartiality as an outside director, I will continue to actively make proposals toward the improvement of governance in the GS Yuasa Group.
 Governance Structure
 Selection
Shareholders’ Meeting
Audit
Selection
Coordination
Selection
Accounting Auditor
GS Yuasa Corporation (holding company)
    Directors / Board of Outside Directors Directors
Appointment, Reporting supervision
Representative Directors
      [Business execution]
Overall control, supervision
Auditing Office
   53 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 54
GS Yuasa International Ltd.
Management
Group companies
Audit
Total amount of remuneration, etc. (Million of yen)

   Governance
Record of Attendance by Outside Directors at Board of Directors and Auditor Meetings
The record of attendance by outside directors at meetings of the Board of Directors and auditors in fiscal 2017 is shown below.
effective measures can be taken beforehand so that even if a crisis does occur, the loss is kept to a minimum.
Based on this approach, to properly promote risk management, our Group has formulated risk management rules that stipulate the responsibilities of employees and our risk management promotion setup.
Risk Management Based on
Risk Management Sheets
In accordance with the risk management rules, each department assesses risk every month using a risk management sheet. On this form, the department first fills in the measures it is taking as a basic response to mitigate the risks it has identified and to avoid any critical events, as well as the policies to minimize loss if a critical event does occur. Each department confirms the status of implementation of these measures and related polices each month. The department also fills in the details of any critical events that occurred, as well as a summary of the response and the investigation into the cause and measures to prevent a reoccurrence. These preventive measures are fed back into the “basic response” and the status of implementation is checked each month to provide a framework that ensures that similar events do not happen again.
The risk management sheets produced by the departments are compiled at the divisional level with the director in charge of the division verifying and assessing the status of response through the Risk Management Committee. The deliberations by the committees are summarized and then fed back to each department as part of a mechanism to improve the effectiveness of risk management.
Risk Management under the Group Risk Management Committee
The Group Risk Management Committee, headed by the president and consisting of the chairs of departmental Risk Management Committees, holds semiannual meetings to promote groupwide risk management and to encourage the sharing of key information related to risk management. The Risk Management Committee confirms that the appropriate risk management measures have been implemented, and the committee chairs report on progress in this area. We also actively exchange opinions and share information on the different styles of risk management.
focusing on compliance with laws, company regulations, and ethical standards.
Multifaceted activities with innovative methods are being used to promote compliance and ensure that the different themes cover all levels of employees. When promoting compliance, it is also essential to establish rules and a structure to follow, as well as a strong sense of commitment. In this spirit, we adopted Compliance Promotion Regulations in line with the Compliance Declaration made by the president. The GS Yuasa Corporate Ethical Standards cover the ten items that all employees must support and the corporate ethical behavior guidelines that outline responses to specific situations. Other activities are aimed at enhancing awareness by getting every employee to think about what he or she should do for compliance.
Compliance Manual
We distribute a compliance manual to all employees that includes company regulations related to compliance. The ten-item Code of Conduct includes commentary in a Q&A format, innovative ways to promote understanding with content based on actual practices, an introduction to the GS Yuasa Group corporate ethics hotline, the Group’s internal whistleblower system, and an emergency contact system for use in a crisis.
Workplace Meetings on Compliance
Workplace meetings on compliance have been conducted for six consecutive years since fiscal 2012. The purpose of these meetings is to improve employee awareness of compliance. The meetings, including active exchanges of opinion, were held at 441 workplaces in fiscal 2017, with 96% of the sites commenting that the activities were effective. Many topics were covered, including respect for human rights, prevention of inappropriate conduct, management of working hours, harassment, occupational health and safety, waste management, product safety, handling of confidential information, and subcontracting laws. The meetings use educational materials made by the division in charge on each topic and including content related to the circumstances of the Group. We intend to continue running these meetings and upgrading the content to ensure that it is both up-to-date and educational.
Record of Attendance by Outside Directors at Board of Director and Auditor Meetings
Hirofumi Onishi,
Outside Director
Ikuo Otani,
Outside Director
Shinji Ochiai,
Full-time Corporate Auditor Katsuya Ohara,
Outside Full-time Auditor Tsukasa Fujii,
Outside Part-time Auditor
Internal Control System
— times
— 15 / 15 15 / 15 10 / 10
Risk Management Structure
   Names
No. of attendances / No. of meetings
 18 / 18 times
 13 / 13
 18 / 18
 18 / 18
  13 / 13
No. of attendances / No. of meetings
Chairperson
President
  To strengthen the management foundation, the GS Yuasa Group has improved the system and relevant rules to ensure the maintenance of ethical business practices based on the Companies Act. This system includes mechanisms to ensure effective auditing, information management, and risk management throughout the Group.
To comply with the internal control reporting system required under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, we are maintaining an internal control system and financial reporting mechanisms to meet all requirements. Our international subsidiaries and other consolidated Group companies evaluate the status of the improvement and implementation of internal controls. Following external audits, reports on these internal controls are publicly disclosed.
Risk Management
Basic Approach
The GS Yuasa Group believes that risk management is essential for the lasting growth of the company.
As our basic approach, the Group thinks that the following two points are important so that crises stemming from the escalation of risks do not exert a serious impact on the Group or on society in general.
First, by predicting and understanding risks and adopting appropriate preliminary measures, the escalation of risks (outbreak of crises) can be prevented. Second,
Group Risk Management Committee
Risk Management Committee
Members
Promotion officers
Members Employees
Presidents of main subsidiaries, general managers of each GS Yuasa business unit, and general managers
One appointed from each department
Line general managers (in principle)
Risk Management Sheet Monthly risk management
Identify risk
Determine basic response
Monthly check of basic response
In case of a critical event
System for Dealing with Crises
To prepare for the possibility that a risk materializes, we have established a system that includes an emergency contact network to swiftly implement crisis management. If a serious crisis occurs, members of the Group Risk Management Committee will be appointed to organize a crisis management headquarters, under the president, to minimize corporate losses. The system we have set up enables us to implement an effective response swiftly and with appropriate care.
Compliance
Basic Approach
By training our personnel according to our philosophy of “Innovation and Growth” while manifesting our commitment to society and preserving the global environment, we are ensuring that all employees are guided in their behavior
    Investigate cause and formulate preventive measures
    55 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 56
Board of Directors
Auditor Meeting
Feedback of preventive measuresinto basic response

 Governance
GS Yuasa Group Corporate Ethics Hotline
We have established GS Yuasa Group corporate ethics hotline regulations and set up a corporate ethics hotline. Accessible both internally and externally, the hotline enables employees, temporary workers, business partners and others to provide information anonymously if they become aware of behavior by a Group employee that violates the law or company regulations or is unethical or otherwise inappropriate or any matter that is at risk of becoming a violation. In fiscal 2017, six reports were made (five in fiscal 2016), including one case of harassment. We conduct inquiries and take appropriate action on these matters, while remaining committed to protecting whistleblowers.
Elimination of Antisocial Elements
In our Corporate Ethical Standards, our Group clearly states its policy of “not having any relations whatsoever with antisocial elements and resolutely confronting any unreasonable demands, etc.” And in our Corporate Ethical Behavior Guidelines, we specifically stipulate “prohibition of the provision of benefits,” “elimination of antisocial elements,” and a “firm response.” Our employees are made fully aware of these standards and guidelines.
Information Security
Efforts to Ensure Information Security
Our Group places importance on global efforts to ensure information security.
Through the regular monitoring of communications by an outside security service, the introduction of an illegal connection detection system and other measures, we endeavor to prevent illegal access to our in-house network and forestall damage.
To prevent the outflow of confidential information, we conduct the encryption of personal computer data taken outside the company and promote awareness-raising activities so that employees follow our procedures for the management of information system use, including the distribution of an information security handbook and the implementation of e-learning.
Furthermore, based on Japanese security standards, we conduct surveys of security measures in overseas Group companies and give guidance to address vulnerabilities.
Intellectual Property
Efforts to Ensure the Protection of Intellectual Property
We see intellectual property, the result of technological development, as one of our important assets.
Our basic policy is to protect our outstanding technology through aggressive patent applications and to maintain the trust of our customers by eliminating imitation products.
Every year we file about 300 patent applications; in fiscal 2017 the number was 343.
   57 GS YUASA Report 2018
 Financial Section
10-Year Consolidated Financial Highlights. . . . 59 Financial Review....................................61
Risk Information....................................64 Financial Statements...............................65 Corporate Information ..........................103 Stock Information ................................104
GS YUASA Report 2018 58

 Financial Section
10-Year Consolidated Financial Highlights Years ended March 31
For the year (millions of yen):
Net sales
Automotive batteries (Japan) Automotive batteries (Overseas) Industrial batteries and power supplies Automotive lithium-ion batteries Lighting
Others
Operating income
Automotive batteries (Japan) Automotive batteries (Overseas) Industrial batteries and power supplies Automotive lithium-ion batteries Lighting
Others
Elimination and/or corporate
Net income attributable to owners of the parent Capital investment
Depreciation/amortization
Research and development expenses
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Free cash flow
Cash flows from financing activities At year-end (millions of yen):
Total assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Total equity
Total debt
Total equity before noncontrolling interests
Number of employees
Per share data (yen):
Basic net income
Net assets
Cash dividends applicable to the year
Financial indices (%):
Operating income ratio
ROE (Return On Equity)
Shareholders’ equity ratio
Ratio of interest-bearing debt to cash flow (years)
Treasury stock purchase amount
(planned for next fiscal year) (100 million yen)
Dividend payout ratio
Overseas sales ratio
¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
2009
¥ 283,421 67,190 126,189 65,559 – 8,941 15,540 14,276 1,563 5,112 9,862 – 24
(615) (1,671)
4,228 10,775 8,869 5,395 25,328
(6,529) 18,799
(11,245)
¥ 213,585 14,005 66,049 87,785 60,731 11,795
2010
247,224 56,713 104,706 59,031 – 7,037 19,736 11,521 1,753 6,904 6,889 –
2011
2012
285,434 58,784 120,906 68,464 20,974 – 16,303 16,030 4,266 6,006 9,640
(3,265) –
(617) –
11,733 38,849 11,228
6,250
8,287 (28,660) (20,373)
13,152
278,426 16,476 136,221 56,124 115,126 12,265
28.42 278.87 8.00
5.6 10.2 41.3 8.0
– 28.1 43.4
2013
274,509 55,648 119,885 72,427 10,597 – 15,951 9,775 3,931 6,380 10,813
2014
347,995 56,905 164,252 79,242 32,501 – 15,094 18,197 3,310 8,996 12,199
2015
369,760 51,747 183,759 79,822 45,181 – 9,248 20,914 2,397 10,786 8,657
(2,626) –
1,698 – 10,043 11,008 15,715 6,725 19,729
(14,519) 5,210
(5,798)
359,522 25,708 182,187 82,166 161,386 14,506
24.33 390.98 10.00
5.7
6.7 44.9 4.3
– 41.1 52.4
2016
365,610 50,986 191,402 74,804 38,312 – 10,104 21,909 3,291 11,358 8,061
(565)
2017
2018
410,951 89,240 187,625 72,187 44,784 – 17,113 21,920 6,143 9,407 6,917 1,320 – 287 – 11,449 15,223 16,506 11,170 21,934
(20,810) 1,124
(6,702)
391,324 19,776 205,638 75,153 175,775 14,585
27.78 427.69 10.00
5.3
6.8 44.9 3.5
10 36.9 49.9
¥
11.52 165.46 6.00
5.0
6.4 28.4 3.5
– 52.1 45.5
¥
¥
(1,295) (1,730) 6,487
16,911 8,863 4,442
22,827 (13,066)
9,761 284
236,804 24,722 111,860 55,304 101,648 12,235
16.32 246.20 6.00
4.7
8.0 42.9 2.4
– 36.8 43.1
¥
¥
(4,278) –
11,722 20,005 10,167
5,854 25,478
(25,444) 34 8
247,446 24,030 122,310 48,289 108,360 12,394
28.39 262.48 8.00
6.5 11.2 43.8 1.9
– 28.2 44.0
¥
¥
¥
¥
(100) –
5,767 33,159 13,264
6,227 19,069
(29,249) (10,180)
3,839
290,368 11,210 141,189 71,674 125,352 12,599
13.97 303.65 6.00
3.6
4.8 43.2 4.0
– 42.9 44.4
¥
¥
936 – 9,982 18,570 12,939 6,495 19,704
(9,786) 9,918 589
340,462 23,392 154,702 80,134 139,454 13,609
24.18 337.82 8.00
5.2
7.5 41.0 4.2
– 33.1 48.5
¥
¥
¥
¥
(235) –
9,030 12,955 15,309
6,996 30,215
(17,311) 12,904
(9,685)
346,523 27,788 177,790 73,608 153,723 14,415
21.88 372.43 10.00
6.0
5.7 44.4 2.5
– 45.7 55.5
¥
¥
(699) –
12,229 19,909 15,241
9,533 34,846
(32,912) 1,934
(3,715)
370,508 24,673 188,155 74,257 161,722 14,710
29.63 391.83 10.00
6.4
7.8 43.6 2.2
10 37.4 51.1
¥
¥
Notes: 1. Lighting net sales and operating income were included in the “others” category in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2011 to 2014, and in “industrial batteries and power supplies” in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015 and beyond.
2. Automotive lithium-ion batteries net sales and operating income were included in the “others” category up to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011. 3. Payout ratio refers to net income before the amortization of goodwill after FY 2016.
59 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 60
272,514 58,887 118,197 65,944 – – 29,485 17,589 4,837 8,593 8,436 – (1,001) –
¥
¥
359,605 67,598 170,613 72,765 39,305 – 9,323 23,106 5,676 10,460 8,701 45 ––
¥
(11,249) ––
(7,243)

Financial Section
Financial Review
Management Results
During fiscal 2017, the employment income environment in Japan continued to improve and the moderate recovery in consumer spending was maintained. In addition, exports were strong due to increased willingness to make capital investments globally, and as a result domestic and overseas demand was firm.
Turning to the global economy, the domestic consumer market in China continue to expand at a moderate pace, while in the United States, consumer spending is undergoing a moderate recovery as a result of stronger internal demand in response to ongoing improvement in employment. In Europe, the economic outlook remains uncertain as a result of Brexit, but overall the economy remained firm. As can be seen from these economic trends in each country and region, the global economy generally remained on a recovery path.
Under these economic circumstances, GS Yuasa Corporation posted consolidated net sales of ¥410,951 million, up ¥51,345 million, or 14.3%, from the previous fiscal year, reaching a new record high. Sales in the Domestic Automotive Batteries segment increased as a result of solid domestic demand for new automobiles and the effects of bringing Panasonic Corporation’s domestic lead-acid battery business into the scope of consolidation.
On the income side, despite solid performance in the Domestic Automotive Batteries segment as indicated above, goodwill amortization and effects from rising costs for lead, a key material used in the Industrial Batteries and Power Supplies segment and the Overseas Automotive Batteries segment,
caused consolidated operating income to fall ¥1,186 million, or 5.1%, compared to the previous fiscal year to ¥21,920 million (operating income before goodwill amortization was ¥24,076 million). In conjunction with the decrease in operating income, consolidated ordinary income was ¥21,387 million, down ¥1,157 million, or 5.1%, from the previous fiscal year. Net income attributable to owners of the parent was ¥11,449 million (net income attributable to owners of the parent before the amortization of goodwill was ¥13,894 million), down ¥779 million, or 6.4%, from the previous fiscal year.
Note: Reporting segments where changed as of fiscal 2017, and in the following comparison of consolidated fiscal years, figures for prior fiscal years are compared after adjustment to the modified segments.
Automotive Batteries
Net sales in Japan were ¥89,240 million, up ¥21,642 million, or 32%, compared to the previous fiscal year. The increase was the result of solid sales to car manufacturers and an increase in sales from acquiring Panasonic Corporation’s domestic lead-acid batteries business.
Segment profit (before goodwill amortization) was ¥6,143 million, up ¥466 million, or 8.2%, from the previous fiscal year. The increase was due to the effects of the business acquisition mentioned above and other factors.
Overseas sales were ¥187,625 million, up ¥17,012 million, or 10,0%, year-on-year. The increase was the result of higher sales, primarily in Southeast Asia, as well as currency translation effects. Segment profit was ¥9,407 million, down ¥1,052 million, or 10.1%, year on
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
10,043 9,030
year. The decrease was due to rising prices for lead, a key material, and other factors.
As a result, total domestic and overseas net sales were ¥276,866 million, up ¥38,654 million, or 16,2%, from the previous fiscal year. Segment profit before goodwill amortization was ¥15,551 million, down ¥585 million, or 3.6%, year-on-year.
Industrial Batteries and Power Supplies
Net sales were ¥72,187 million, down ¥578 million, or 0.8%, compared to the previous fiscal year. The decrease was the result of sluggish sales of industrial lead-acid batteries and a decline in sales of industrial lithium-ion batteries following special demand in the previous year.
Segment profit was ¥6,917 million, down ¥1,784 million, or 20.5%, from the previous fiscal year. The decline was due to the decrease in sales referenced above, higher lead prices and other factors.
Automotive Lithium-Ion Batteries
Net sales were ¥44,784 million, up ¥5,478 million, or 13.9%, compared to the previous fiscal year. The increase was due to increases in sales of both lithium-ion batteries for hybrid electric vehicles and for plug-in hybrid electric vehicles.
As a result, segment profit was ¥1,320 million, up ¥1,274 million compared to the previous fiscal year.
Others
Net sales were ¥17,113 million, up ¥7,790 million, or 83.6%,
compared to the previous fiscal year. The increase was the result of higher sales of specialized batteries and the start of production of lithium-ion batteries for submarines.
Segment profit after adjustment for corporate expenses was ¥287 million, an improvement of ¥987 million compared to the previous fiscal year, as a result of lower management division expenses.
Financial Status
Total assets as of the end of fiscal 2017 were ¥391,324 million, an increase of ¥20,815 million compared to the end of the previous fiscal year. Cash and deposits declined, but sales receivables increased in conjunction with higher sales, the value of securities increased as a result of higher stock prices, and assets relating to retirement benefits were up.
Liabilities were ¥185,685 million, up ¥3,332 million compared to the end of the previous fiscal year. Loans, notes payable-facilities, and accounts payable decreased, but corporate bonds were issued and trade payables increased.
Total equity were ¥205,638 million, an increase of ¥17,483 compared to the end of the previous fiscal year. Payment of dividends and purchase of treasury shares reduced net assets, while net income attributable to owners of the parent, the market value of securities owned, and foreign currency translation adjustments increased, pushing net assets higher.
As a result of the above, the shareholders’ equity ratio was 44.9%, up 1.3 points from the end of the previous fiscal year.
Shareholders’ equity ratio
41.0 44.9 44.4 43.6 44.9
        Net sales
Operating income
Total assets
Total equity
182,187
                                61 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 62
(Millions of yen) 500,000
(Millions 25,000
of yen)
(Millions 15,000
of yen)
(Millions 500,000
of yen)
(Millions of yen) 250,000
(%) 100
400,000
20,000
12,000
11,449
300,000
15,000
9,000
200,000
10,000
6,000
200,000
100,000
5,000
3,000
100,000
50,000
0
0
0
0
00 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
347,995
365,610
410,951
12,229
400,000
359,522
391,324
205,638
369,760
359,605
340,462
346,523
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
20,914
23,106
370,508
21,909 18,197
21,920
200,000 177,790
188,155 75
9,982
300,000
150,000 154,702 100,000
50
25

Financial Section
Cash Flows
Cash and cash equivalents as of the end of fiscal 2017 were ¥19,776 million, down ¥4,896 million, or 19.8%, compared to the previous fiscal year. The results of each category of cash flows and the main factors that contributed to those results are set forth below.
Cash flows from operating activities
Net cash provided by operating activities totaled ¥21,934 million (compared to ¥34,846 million in the previous fiscal year), mainly as a result of inflows of income before income taxes and depreciation expenses, which offset income taxes paid.
Cash flows from investing activities
Net cash used in investing activities totaled ¥20,810 million (compared to ¥32,912 million in the previous fiscal year), mainly due to expenditures in conjunction with acquisition of tangible fixed assets and investment securities.
Cash flows from financing activities
Net cash used in financing activities totaled ¥6,702 million (compared to ¥3,715 million in the previous fiscal year). An inflow was generated from issuance of corporate bonds, but this was offset by repayment of loans, payment of dividends and other factors.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities, Investing Activities and Financing Activities
Dividend Policy
The Company positions the provision of shareholder returns as a top-priority management policy, but we also believe that in principle, comprehensive determinations should be made regarding the payment of dividends taking into consideration consolidated business trends, financial status, the payout ratio and other factors. We also seek to use internal reserves to invest in future business expansion and maintain and improve competitiveness. Based on this, our fundamental policy is to continue growing into the future while providing stable returns to shareholders over the long term.
The Company’s basic policy is to pay dividends from surplus twice each year: an interim dividend and year-end dividend. The Board of Directors makes determinations regarding the interim dividend, and the General Shareholders Meetings makes determinations regarding the year-end dividend. In fiscal 2017, although net income attributable to owners of the parents was down from the previous fiscal year, we maintained the dividend at ¥10 per share (a ¥3 dividend was paid at the end of the first half, followed by a ¥7 year-end dividend). As a result, the payout ratio was 36.0%.
Continuing from fiscal 2017, as a further share buyback, in fiscal 2018 the Company plans to acquire a total of ¥1 billion of shares. The total payment ratio taking this into account will be 36.9% (based on net income attributable to owners of the parent before the amortization of goodwill).
Dividend per share/payout ratio
Risk Information
1. Economic Conditions
Demand for the GS Yuasa Group’s products is influenced by economic conditions in the markets where products are sold. Therefore, in the Group’s main markets, which include Japan, the rest of Asia, North America, and Europe, economic setbacks and accompanying demand contractions, could adversely affect the Group’s earnings and financial standing.
2. Intensification of Price Competition
The GS Yuasa Group is exposed to intense price competition in each of the markets where it conducts business, and setting prices at advantageous levels has become difficult. Particularly in the automotive battery field (replacement), we not only face the same competitors as in Japan but also must deal with low-cost products supplied by overseas companies, which make competition more intense. The GS Yuasa Group is cutting costs and implementing measures to strengthen marketing power, but it may not be easy to maintain and expand market share and secure profitability in the future.
3. Foreign Exchange Rate Fluctuations
The GS Yuasa Group conducts business in Japan, the rest of Asia, North America, Europe, and other regions. Financial statement items that are denominated in local currencies outside of Japan, such as sales, expenses, and assets, are converted into yen for consolidated financial statements. The yen value of these amounts can change depending on the exchange rate, even if the amounts have not changed in local currencies. When local currencies appreciate in areas where the Group carries out overseas production, manufacturing and procurement costs can rise in these areas. The Group conducts forex-hedged transactions in an effort to hold the ill effects of short-term foreign exchange rate fluctuations to a minimum, but medium- to long-term currency fluctuations may impede the Group’s ability to procure, manufacture, distribute, and sell goods according to plan. Therefore, it is possible for foreign exchange rate fluctuations to influence the Group’s earnings and financial standing.
4. Risks Related to International Activities and Overseas Expansion
The GS Yuasa Group manufactures and markets products in Japan, the rest of Asia, North America, Europe, and elsewhere. The following risks are intrinsic to these markets, and they could affect the Group’s earnings and financial standing.
(a) Unforeseen changes to laws or regulations
(b) Difficulty in hiring and keeping human resources (c) The possibility that inadequate technology
infrastructure will affect the Group’s manufacturing and other activities, or lower the reputation of GS Yuasa products among customers
5. Risks Related to M&A
The GS Yuasa Group considers M&A to be a useful and effective tool for business expansion. When the Group carries out M&A, the transaction is considered from a range of viewpoints, including the target company’s financial standing and potential synergy with the Group’s businesses. Due to drastic changes in the business environment or other factors, however, an acquired business might not perform as planned. If invested funds cannot be recovered or a loss on goodwill is recorded, the GS Yuasa Group’s earnings and financial standing could be affected.
6. Risks Related to Raw Material Markets Fluctuations
Lead is a key material used in lead-acid batteries, the GS Yuasa Group’s main product. However, changes in the market price of lead cannot be reflected immediately in our product prices, so the Group’s earnings and financial standing could be affected.
7. Effect of Seasonal Factors on Automotive Battery (Replacement) Sales Volume
The sales volume of the GS Yuasa Group’s main product, automotive batteries (replacement) is affected by seasonal factors, particularly the weather. For example, cool summers and warm winters result in a narrower temperature range, which is favorable for maintaining battery performance, so replacement demand and thus sales volume declines under these conditions. These seasonal factors cannot be accurately forecast, making it difficult to take adequate countermeasures in advance, so seasonal factors could affect the Group’s earnings and financial standing.
8. Interest Rate Fluctuations
The GS Yuasa Group’s interest-bearing debt burden includes some debt with variable interest rates. Therefore, if interest rates rise, the Group’s cost for procuring funds could increase.
9. Lawsuits and Other Legal Proceedings
In carrying out business, the GS Yuasa Group may be sued by suppliers or third parties, and there is a risk that regulatory authorities could take legal action against the Group.
10. Environmental Regulations
In China, the central government shows signs of strengthening environmental regulations on lead-acid battery manufacturers and lead smelters. Some manufacturing activities at GS Yuasa Group companies could be affected.
    Operating Activities
Investing Activities
Financing Activities
Dividend per share
Payout ratio
            63 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 64
(d) Social disturbances caused by terrorism or war.
(Millions of yen) 40,000
(yen) 15
(%) 100
20,000
19,704
19,729
10 10 10 10 8
−20,000
−9,685 −17,311
−6,702 −20,810
3
20
−40,000
−32,912 2016
0
0 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
0
589 −9,786
41.1 45.7
2013
2014
2015
2017 (FY)
−5,798 −14,519
−3,715
6
33.1
33.7 36.0 40
30,215
34,846
21,934
12
80
9
60

Financial Section
Consolidated Balance Sheet
March 31, 2018
ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS:
Cash and cash equivalents (Notes 7 and 13) Time deposits (Notes 7 and 13)
Receivables (Notes 7 and 13):
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Millions of Yen
19,777 186
Millions of Yen
   2018
2017
2018
 $ 186,575
1,755
59,425
667,764
27,330
73,820
(4,708)
657,953
29,906
22,491
1,722,311
226,858
935,811
1,487,679
301,698
56,377
74,426
3,082,849
(1,923,915)
1,158,934
251,896
290,934
41,038
114,123
13,028
99,472
810,491
$ 3,691,736
      2018
2,441
8,466
3,005
11,166
6,891
124,658
33,912
6,400
5,402
12,670
1,043
1,602
61,029
33,021
55,313
66,823
(1,387)
14,713
2,398
5,279
175,775
29,862
205,637
¥ 391,324
(1)
(384)
2017
16,775
3,616
10,323
6,348
109,821
47,887
5,979
5,187
11,190
1,043
1,246
72,532
33,021
55,293
59,501
(359)
10,769
2,398
2,331
(1,231)
161,723
26,433
188,156
¥ 370,509
2018
  LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
 23,028
79,868
28,349
105,340
65,009
1,176,019
319,925
60,377
50,962
119,528
9,840
15,113
575,745
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
(Notes 12, 14, and 15)
¥ 13,348
29,654
18,684
31,003
¥ 11,358
16,793
13,433
28,455
2,720
$ 125,925
279,755
176,264
292,481
311,519
521,821
630,406
(13,085)
138,802
22,623
49,802
(3,623)
1,658,256
281,716
1,939,972
$ 3,691,736
(9)
      ¥
¥ 24,673 322
5,489 63,455 3,249 8,232
(507) 62,840 3,175 2,231 173,159
24,251
96,367 147,690 30,135 5,834 9,419 313,696
(189,417) 124,279
20,985
27,406
5,600 6,715 1,317
11,048
73,071 ¥ 370,509
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
Short-term bank loans (Notes 7 and 13)
Current portion of long-term debt (Notes 7 and 13) Payables (Note 13):
Trade notes
Trade accounts
Unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies Other
Income taxes payable (Note 13) Accrued expenses
Other current liabilities (Note 10)
Total current liabilities
LONG-TERM LIABILITIES:
Long-term debt (Notes 7 and 13)
Liability for retirement benefits (Note 8)
Long-term deposits received
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 10)
Deferred tax liabilities on land revaluation (Note 2.j) Other
Total long-term liabilities
EQUITY (Notes 9 and 18):
Common stock, authorized, 1,400,000,000 shares;
issued 413,574,714 shares in 2018 and 2017* Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock – at cost: 2,586,786 shares in 2018 and
835,277 shares in 2017 (Note 2.m)* Accumulated other comprehensive income:
Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities Deferred loss on derivatives under hedge accounting Land revaluation surplus (Note 2.j)
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Defined retirement benefit plans (Note 8)
Total Noncontrolling interests
Total equity
TOTAL
       6,299 70,783 2,897 Other 7,825
Trade notes
Trade accounts
Unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies
        Allowance for doubtful receivables
Inventories (Notes 3 and 7)
Deferred tax assets (Note 10)
Prepaid expenses and other current assets (Note 7)
Total current assets
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Notes 6 and 7):
Land (Notes 2.h and 2.j) Buildings and structures Machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Leased assets Construction in progress
(499) 69,743 3,170 2,384 182,565
24,047
                99,196 157,694 31,980 5,976 7,889 Total 326,782
           Accumulated depreciation
Net property, plant and equipment
INVESTMENTS AND OTHER ASSETS:
Investment securities (Notes 4 and 13)
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies (Notes 5 and 13)
Goodwill
Asset for retirement benefits (Note 8) Deferred tax assets (Note 10)
Other assets (Note 7)
Total investments and other assets
TOTAL
* Shares have not been restated, GS Yuasa Corporation having resolved a one-for-five reverse stock split at the shareholders’ meeting held on June 28, 2018. See notes to consolidated financial statements.
(203,935) 122,847
26,701
30,839
4,350 12,097 1,381 10,544 85,912 ¥ 391,324
                        65 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 66

Financial Section
Consolidated Statement of Income
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Year Ended March 31, 2018
NET SALES (Note 5)
COST OF SALES (Notes 5 and 11)
Gross profit
SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES (Note 11)
Operating income
OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES):
Interest and dividend income
Interest expense
Write-down of investment securities
Gain on sales of property, plant and equipment Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment Loss on impairment of long-lived assets (Note 6) Foreign exchange gain (loss)
Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies
Gain on sales of investment securities Loss on liquidation of subsidiary Other – net
Other expenses – net
INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES INCOME TAXES (Note 10):
Current Deferred
Total income taxes
NET INCOME
NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT
PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK (Note 17)*: Basic net income
Diluted net income
Cash dividends applicable to the year
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Year Ended March 31, 2018
NET INCOME
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Note 16):
Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities
Deferred gain (loss) on derivatives under hedge accounting Foreign currency translation adjustments
Defined retirement benefit plans
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) in associates
Total other comprehensive income (loss) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Note 16)
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO:
Owners of the parent
Noncontrolling interests
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
  2018
2017
  2018
 ¥ 410,951
¥ 359,606
$ 3,876,896
 317,890
270,993
2,998,962
 93,061
88,613
877,934
 71,141
 65,506
671,142
21,920
23,107
206,792
  764
689
7,208
 (837)
(932)
(7,896)
 (98)
(925)
 578
86
5,453
 (382)
(605)
(3,604)
 (392)
 89
 (920)
840
(519)
371
(4,896)
 19
 (650)
 (6,132)
(96)
 101
(906)
(1,151)
(1,583)
(10,858)
 20,769
21,524
195,934
  6,040
 6,203
56,981
(618)
 349
(5,830)
5,422
6,552
51,151
 15,347
14,972
144,783
 (3,897)
 (2,743)
(36,764)
¥ 11,450
 ¥ 12,229
$ 108,019
  2018
2017
  2018
¥ 15,347
¥ 14,972
$ 144,783
3,945
2,257
37,217
(1)
9
(9)
2,260
(3,488)
21,321
821
1,334
7,745
1,218
(1,650)
11,490
8,243
(1,538)
77,764
¥ 23,590
¥ 13,434
$ 222,547
¥ 19,188
¥ 11,228
$ 181,019
4,402
2,206
41,528
                                            Yen
U.S. Dollars
  2018
2017
  2018
  ¥ 27.78
¥ 29.63
$ 0.26
 25.89
 27.62
0.24
10.00
 10.00
0.09
       * Per share figures have not been restated, GS Yuasa Corporation having resolved a one-for-five reverse stock split at the shareholders’ meeting held on June 28, 2018. See notes to consolidated financial statements.
67 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 68

 Financial Section
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Year Ended March 31, 2018
BALANCE, APRIL 1, 2016
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Cash dividends, ¥10.00 per share*
Purchase of treasury stock
Net change in the year
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2017
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Cash dividends, ¥10.00 per share*
Purchase of treasury stock Disposal of treasury shares Net change in the year
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2018
BALANCE, APRIL 1, 2016
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Cash dividends, ¥10.00 per share*
Purchase of treasury stock
Net change in the year
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2017
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Cash dividends, ¥10.00 per share*
Purchase of treasury stock Disposal of treasury shares Net change in the year
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2018
Number of Shares of Common Stock Outstanding*
Common Stock
Capital Surplus
Retained Earnings
Millions of Yen
Treasury Stock
Common Stock
Capital Surplus
Retained Earnings
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Treasury Stock
             412,757,511
¥ 33,021
¥ 55,293
¥ 51,400
12,229
(4,128)
(18,074)
412,739,437
33,021
55,293
59,501
11,450
(4,128)
(1,751,509)
20
410,987,928
¥ 33,021
¥ 55,313
¥ 66,823
 $ 311,519
$ 521,632
$ 561,330
108,019
(38,943)
189
$ 311,519
$ 521,821
$ 630,406
¥
(350)
(9)
(359)
(1,127) 99
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2017
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Cash dividends, $0.09 per share*
Purchase of treasury stock Disposal of treasury shares Net change in the year
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2018
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2017
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Cash dividends, $0.09 per share*
Purchase of treasury stock Disposal of treasury shares Net change in the year
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2018
(3,387)
(10,632) 934
$
$ (13,085)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
               Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
  Unrealized Gain on Available-for-Sale Securities
Deferred Loss on
Derivatives under Hedge Accounting
Land Revaluation Surplus
Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments
Defined Retirement Benefit Plans
Total
Noncontrolling Interests
Total Equity
$ 1,775,057
108,019
(38,943)
(10,632) 1,123 105,348 $ 1,939,972
        $ 101,594
$ 22,623
$ 21,991
$ (11,613)
$ 1,525,689
$ 249,368
108,019
(38,943)
(10,632)
1,123
37,208
$ (9)
27,811
7,990
73,000
32,348
$ 138,802
$ (9)
$ 22,623
$ 49,802
$ (3,623)
$ 1,658,256
$ 281,716
        Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
¥ (1,387)
Millions of Yen
Total Equity ¥ 177,792 12,229
(4,128)
(9) 2,272 188,156
11,450
(4,128)
(1,127) 119 11,167 ¥ 205,637
  Unrealized Gain on Available-for-Sale Securities
Deferred Loss on
Derivatives under Hedge Accounting
Land Revaluation Surplus
Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments
Defined Retirement Benefit Plans
Total
Noncontrolling Interests
         ¥ 8,491
¥ (9)
¥ 2,398
¥ 6,943
¥ (3,462)
¥ 153,725
¥ 24,067
12,229
(4,128)
(9)
2,278
9
(4,612)
2,231
(94)
2,366
10,769
2,398
2,331
(1,231)
161,723
26,433
11,450
(4,128)
(1,127)
119
3,944
(1)
2,948
847
7,738
3,429
¥ 14,713
¥ (1)
¥ 2,398
¥ 5,279
¥ (384)
¥ 175,775
¥ 29,862
     * Shares and per share figures have not been restated, GS Yuasa Corporation having resolved a one-for-five reverse stock split at the shareholders’ meeting held on June 28, 2018.
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
           69 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 70

Financial Section
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Year Ended March 31, 2018
Income before income taxes Adjustments for:
Income taxes–paid
Depreciation and amortization
Write-down of investment securities
Loss on impairment of long-lived assets
Gain on sales of property, plant and equipment Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment Gain on sales of investment securities
Equity in losses (earnings) of unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies
Loss on liquidation of subsidiary Changes in assets and liabilities:
(Increase) decrease in trade receivables Increase in inventories
Decrease in interest and dividend receivables Increase in trade payables
Decrease in interest payables
Decrease in liability for retirement benefits Other – net
Net cash provided by operating activities
INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment Purchases of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sales of investment securities Purchases of investment securities
Purchases of shares of the newly consolidated subsidiaries Other – net
Net cash used in investing activities
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Millions of Yen
1,263
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
    2018
2017
 2018
 2018
      OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
¥ 20,769
(7,025)
2017
¥ 21,524
(5,368)
2018
$ 195,934
(66,274)
FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Increase (decrease) in short-term bank loans – net Proceeds from long-term bank loans
Repayments of long-term bank loans
Proceeds from issuance of bonds
Purchase of treasury stock
Proceeds from disposal of treasury shares Dividends paid
Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests
Proceeds from noncontrolling interests in capital increase of consolidated subsidiaries
Other – net
Net cash used in financing activities
NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENTS ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
¥
¥ (7,384) 13,793
(3,292)
(9)
(4,127) (1,669)
(1,028) (3,716) (1,783)
(1,332)
27,788 ¥ 24,673
     4,989 (16,152)
10,000 (1,127)
119 (4,130) (1,466)
380
(579) (6,703) (5,580)
684
24,673 ¥ 19,777
                                          71 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 72
18,119
(6,709)
(5,694)
1,323
21,934
1,427
(18,277)
(3,310)
98
(578)
382
519
650
790
3,096
(25)
(3,781)
(651)
¥ (20,811)
16,314
392
34,846
¥ (32,913)
(86)
605
(19)
(371)
1,523
(2,817)
555
1,608
(12)
(3,084)
4,082
201
(18,375)
(1,655)
(12,971)
31
(144)
170,934
925
(5,453)
3,604
4,896
6,132
(63,292)
(53,717)
7,453
29,208
(236)
(35,670)
12,481
206,925
13,462
(172,425)
(31,226)
(6,141)
$ (196,330)
$ 11,915
47,066
(152,377)
94,340
(10,632)
1,123
(38,962)
(13,830)
3,585
(5,464)
(63,236)
(52,641)
6,452
232,764
$ 186,575

Financial Section
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Year Ended March 31, 2018
1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
company when the associate’s financial statements are used in applying the equity method, unless it is impracticable to determine such adjustments. In addition, financial statements prepared by foreign associated companies in accordance with either IFRS or generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America tentatively may be used in applying the equity method if the following items are adjusted so that net income is accounted for in accordance with Japanese GAAP, unless they are not material: (a) amortization of goodwill; (b) scheduled amortization of actuarial gain or loss of pensions that has been recorded in equity through other comprehensive income; (c) expensing capitalized development costs of R&D; and (d) cancellation of the fair value model of accounting for property, plant and equipment and investment properties and incorporation of the cost model of accounting.
d. Business Combinations — Business combinations are accounted for using the purchase method. Acquisition-related costs, such as advisory fees or professional fees, are accounted for as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred. If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the business combination occurs, an acquirer shall report in its financial statements provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. During the measurement period, which shall not exceed one year from the acquisition, the acquirer shall retrospectively adjust the provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date and that would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. Such adjustments shall be recognized as if the accounting for the business combination had been completed at the acquisition date. A parent’s ownership interest in a subsidiary might change if the parent purchases or sells ownership interests in its subsidiary. The carrying amount of noncontrolling interest is adjusted to reflect the change in the parent’s ownership interest in its subsidiary while the parent retains its controlling interest in its subsidiary. Any difference between the fair value of the consideration received or paid and the amount by which the noncontrolling interest is adjusted is accounted for as capital surplus as long as the parent retains control over its subsidiary.
e. Cash Equivalents — Cash equivalents are short-term investments that are readily convertible into cash and exposed to insignificant risk of changes in value.
Cash equivalents include time deposits and government bonds that represent short-term investments, all of which mature or become due within three months of the date of acquisition.
f. Inventories — Inventories are principally stated at the lower of cost, determined by the average method, or net selling value.
g. Investment Securities — All of the Group’s marketable securities are classified as available-for-sale securities and are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses, net of applicable taxes, reported as a separate component of equity. The cost of securities sold is determined based on the moving-average method.
Nonmarketable available-for-sale securities are stated at cost determined by the moving-average method. For other-than-temporary declines in fair value, investment securities are reduced to net realizable value by a charge to income.
h. Property, Plant and Equipment — Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation of property, plant and equipment of the Group is mainly computed by the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the assets. The range of useful lives is from 7 to 50 years for buildings and structures and from 4 to 17 years for machinery and equipment.
Leased assets related to financial leases that do not transfer ownership rights are depreciated under the straight-line method based on the lease term as the useful life and assuming no residual value.
Under certain conditions such as exchanges of fixed assets of similar kinds and sales and purchases resulting from expropriation, Japanese tax laws permit companies to defer the profit arising from such transactions by reducing the cost of the assets acquired. Certain subsidiaries acquired property, plant and equipment, including buildings and structures, machinery and equipment, and funded construction in progress, through government grants. As of March 31, 2018 and 2017, the accumulated deducted cost of the assets acquired were ¥11,270 million ($106,321 thousand) and ¥11,270 million, respectively.
i. Long-Lived Assets — The Group reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the continued use and
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of GS Yuasa Corporation (the “Company”) have been prepared in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Japanese Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and its related accounting regulations and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan (“Japanese GAAP”), which are different in certain respects as to the application and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards.
In preparing these consolidated financial statements, certain reclassifications and rearrangements have been made to the consolidated financial statements issued domestically in
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
a. Consolidation — The consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2018, include the accounts of the Company and its 56 (55 in 2017) significant subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”).
Under the control and influence concepts, those companies over whose operations the Company, directly or indirectly, is able to exercise control are fully consolidated, and those associated companies over which the Group has the ability to exercise significant influence are accounted for by the equity method.
Investments in 24 (24 in 2017) associated companies are accounted for by the equity method.
Investments in the remaining unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies are stated at cost. Consolidating or accounting for those companies by the equity method would not have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements.
The excess of cost of acquisition over the fair value of the net assets of acquired subsidiaries at the date of acquisition is amortized principally over a period of five years.
All significant intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. All material unrealized profit included in assets resulting from transactions within the Group is also eliminated.
The Company newly established GS Yuasa Hungary Limited Liability Company, which became a consolidated subsidiary from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
b. Unification of Accounting Policies Applied to Foreign Subsidiaries for the Consolidated Financial Statements — Under Accounting Standards Board of Japan (“ASBJ”) Practical Issues Task Force (“PITF”) No. 18,
Japan in order to present them in a form which is more familiar to readers outside Japan. In addition, certain reclassifications have been made in the 2017 consolidated financial statements to conform to the classifications used in 2018.
The consolidated financial statements are stated in Japanese yen and, solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan, have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of ¥106 to $1, the approximate exchange rate at March 31, 2018. The translations should not be construed as representations that the Japanese yen amounts have been, could have been, or could in the future be, converted into U.S. dollars at that or any other rate.
“Practical Solution on Unification of Accounting Policies Applied to Foreign Subsidiaries for the Consolidated Financial Statements,” the accounting policies and procedures applied to a parent company and its subsidiaries for similar transactions and events under similar circumstances should in principle be unified for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. However, financial statements prepared by foreign subsidiaries in accordance with either International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) or generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification) tentatively may be used for the consolidation process, except for the following items that should be adjusted in the consolidation process so that net income is accounted for in accordance with Japanese GAAP, unless they are not material: (a) amortization of goodwill; (b) scheduled amortization of actuarial gain or loss of pensions that has been recorded in equity through other comprehensive income; (c) expensing capitalized development costs of R&D; and (d) cancellation of the fair value model of accounting for property, plant and equipment and investment properties and incorporation of the cost model of accounting.
c. Unification of Accounting Policies Applied to Foreign Associated Companies for the Equity Method — ASBJ Statement No. 16, “Accounting Standard for Equity Method of Accounting for Investments,” requires adjustments to be made to conform the associate’s accounting policies for similar transactions and events under similar circumstances to those of the parent
73 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 74

Financial Section
eventual disposition of the asset or asset group. The impairment loss would be measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of the discounted cash flows from the continued use and eventual disposition of the asset or the net selling price at disposition.
j. Land Revaluation — Under the “Law of Land Revaluation,” certain domestic subsidiaries elected a one-time revaluation of own-use land to a value based on a price which was published by the national tax office as of March 31, 2002. The resulting land revaluation excess represents unrealized appreciation of land and is stated, net of income taxes, as a component of equity. There was no effect on the consolidated statement of income. Continuous readjustment is not permitted unless the land value subsequently declines significantly such that the amount of the decline in value should be removed from the land revaluation excess account and related deferred tax liabilities. As of March 31, 2018, the carrying amount of the land after the above one-time revaluation exceeded the market value by ¥949 million ($8,953 thousand).
k. Retirement Benefits — Certain consolidated subsidiaries have contributory and non-contributory funded defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution pension plans, and unfunded retirement benefit plans for employees.
The Group accounted for the liability for retirement benefits based on projected benefit obligations and plan assets at the balance sheet date. The projected benefit obligations are attributed to periods on a straight-line basis. Actual gains and losses are amortized on a straight-line basis over 10 to 14 years, within the average remaining service period. Past service costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over 14 years, within the average remaining service period.
Retirement benefits to directors, Audit & Supervisory Board members, and executive officers of certain domestic subsidiaries are provided at the amount which would be required if all such persons retired at the balance sheet date.
l. Asset Retirement Obligations — An asset retirement obligation is recorded for a legal obligation imposed either by law or contract that results from the acquisition, construction, development, and normal operation of a tangible fixed asset and is associated with the retirement of such tangible fixed asset. The asset retirement obligation is recognized as the sum of the discounted cash flows required for the future asset retirement and is recorded in
the period in which the obligation is incurred if a reasonable estimate can be made. If a reasonable estimate of the asset retirement obligation cannot be made in the period the asset retirement obligation is incurred, the liability should be recognized when a reasonable estimate of the asset retirement obligation can be made. Upon initial recognition of a liability for an asset retirement obligation, an asset retirement cost is capitalized by increasing the carrying amount of the related fixed asset by the amount of the liability. The asset retirement cost is subsequently allocated to expense through depreciation over the remaining useful life of the asset. Over time, the liability is accreted to its present value each period. Any subsequent revisions to the timing or the amount of the original estimate of undiscounted cash flows are reflected as an adjustment to the carrying amount of the liability and the capitalized amount of the related asset retirement cost.
m. Directors’ Stockownership Plan — In accordance with PITF No. 30, “Practical Solution on Transactions of Delivering the Company’s Own Stock to Employees etc. through Trusts,” upon transfer of treasury stock to the directors’ stockownership trust (the “Trust”) by the entity, any difference between the book value and fair value of the treasury stock is recorded in capital surplus. At year-end, the Company records (1) the Company stock held by the Trust as treasury stock in equity, (2) all other assets and liabilities of the Trust on a line-by-line basis, and (3) a liability/asset for the net of (i) any gain or loss on delivery of the stock by the Trust to the directors, (ii) dividends received from the entity for the stock held by the Trust, and (iii) any expenses relating to the Trust.
The Company introduced the directors’ stockownership plan in order to increase corporate value and the business performance of directors in the medium and long term.
(1) Overview of transaction
The Trust, established by the Company, acquires Company shares using the cash contributed by the Company. The Company shares are transferred through the Trust to the directors, corresponding to points granted in conformity with the stock transfer policy established by the Board of Directors.
The Company shares shall be transferred upon the directors’ retirement.
(2) Treasury stock remaining in the Trust
Shares of the Company remaining in the Trust are recorded as treasury stock under equity based on the book value (excluding incidental costs) in the Trust. The book value
of the treasury stock and the number of shares at the end of the current fiscal year were ¥120 million ($1,132 thousand) and 230,000 shares, respectively.
n. Research and Development Costs — Research and development costs are charged to income as incurred.
o. Leases — Finance lease transactions are capitalized by recognizing lease assets and lease obligations in the balance sheet.
p. Construction Contracts — Construction revenue and construction costs are recognized by the percentage-of-completion method if the outcome of a construction contract can be estimated reliably. When total construction revenue, total construction costs, and the stage of completion of the contract at the balance sheet date can be reliably measured, the outcome of a construction contract is deemed to be estimated reliably. If the outcome of a construction contract cannot be reliably estimated, the completed-contract method should be applied. When it is probable that the total construction costs will exceed total construction revenue, an estimated loss on the contract should be immediately recognized by providing for a loss on such construction contracts.
q. Income Taxes — The provision for income taxes is computed based on the pretax income included in the consolidated statement of income. The asset and liability approach is used to recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred taxes are measured by applying currently enacted income tax rates to the temporary differences.
r. Foreign Currency Transactions — All short-term and long-term monetary receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies are translated into Japanese yen at the exchange rates at the balance sheet date. The foreign exchange gains and losses from translation are recognized in the consolidated statement of income to the extent that they are not hedged by forward exchange contracts.
s. Foreign Currency Financial Statements — The balance sheet accounts of the consolidated foreign subsidiaries are translated into Japanese yen at the exchange rate as of the balance sheet date except for equity, which is
translated at the historical exchange rate. Differences arising from such translation are shown as “Foreign currency translation adjustments” under accumulated other comprehensive income in a separate component of equity. Revenue and expense accounts of the consolidated foreign subsidiaries are translated into Japanese yen at the annual average rates.
t. Derivatives and Hedging Activities — The Group uses foreign exchange forward contracts, foreign currency swaps, interest rate swaps, and commodity price swaps to manage its exposures to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, interest rates, and material prices. The Group does not enter into derivatives for trading or speculative purposes.
All derivatives are recognized as either assets or liabilities and measured at fair value, and gains or losses on derivative transactions are recognized in the consolidated statement of income, and for derivatives used for hedging purposes, if such derivatives qualify for hedge accounting because of high correlation and effectiveness between the hedging instruments and the hedged items, gains or losses on those derivatives are deferred until maturity of the hedged transactions.
Interest rate swaps which qualify for hedge accounting and meet specific matching criteria are not remeasured at market value but the differential paid or received under the swap agreements is recognized and included in interest expense.
u. Per Share Information — Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period, retroactively adjusted for stock splits.
Diluted net income per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if stock acquisition rights incorporated in convertible bonds were exercised or converted into common stock. Diluted net income per share of common stock assumes full conversion of the outstanding convertible bonds at the beginning of the year (or at the time of issuance) with an applicable adjustment for related interest expense, net of tax, and full exercise of outstanding stock acquisition rights.
Cash dividends per share presented in the accompanying consolidated statement of income are the amounts applicable to the respective fiscal years including dividends to be paid after the end of the fiscal year.
75 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 76

Financial Section
v. Bond Issue Costs — Bond issue costs are amortized by the straight-line method over the bond term in accordance with ASBJ PITF No. 19, “Tentative Solution on Accounting for Deferred Assets,” which was issued by the ASBJ in August 2006.
w. New Accounting Pronouncements — On March 30, 2018, the ASBJ issued ASBJ Statement No. 29, “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition,” and ASBJ Guidance No. 30, “Implementation Guidance
on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition.”
(1) Overview
The International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) have jointly developed and issued a new comprehensive revenue standard, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (IFRS 15 issued by IASB and Topic 606 issued by FASB), in May 2014.
As the basic policy, the ASBJ has developed the comprehensive accounting standards for revenue
3. INVENTORIES
Inventories at March 31, 2018 and 2017, consisted of the following:
Finished products
Work in process
Raw materials and supplies Total
4. INVESTMENT SECURITIES
Investment securities as of March 31, 2018 and 2017, consisted of the following:
Non-current: Equity securities Debt securities
Total
The costs and aggregate fair values of investment securities at March 31, 2018 and 2017, were as follows: Millions of Yen
recognition in response to the fact that entities are required to apply IFRS 15 for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018 and Topic 606 for annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2017.
ASBJ has established the new accounting standard for revenue recognition based on the basic principles of IFRS 15, focusing on ensuring financial statement comparability. Also, the accounting convention for revenue recognition can take priority over the new accounting standard developed by ASBJ, within an acceptable range to ensure financial statement comparability.
(2) Schedule
The Company expects to adopt the accounting standard from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
(3) Impact of the adoption of accounting standard
The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the adoption of this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements.
Securities classified as: Available-for-sale:
Equity securities
  2018
Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value
¥ 5,259 ¥ 20,875 ¥ (49) ¥ 26,085
    Cost Equity securities ¥ 5,245
Securities classified as: Available-for-sale:
Equity securities
Unrealized Gains
Unrealized Losses
Fair Value ¥ 20,369
Millions of Yen 2017
   Securities classified as: Available-for-sale:
¥ 15,136
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
¥ (12)
   2018
Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value
$ 49,613 $ 196,934 $ (462) $ 246,085
     Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Available-for-sale securities whose fair value cannot be reliably determined at March 31, 2018 and 2017, were as follows: Thousands of
Millions of Yen
U.S. Dollars
  2018
2017
  2018
¥ 37,835
¥ 34,446
$ 356,934
16,621
15,535
156,802
15,287
12,859
144,217
¥ 69,743
¥ 62,840
$ 657,953
  2018
2017
  2018
¥ 587
¥ 587
$ 5,538
29
29
273
¥ 616
¥ 616
$ 5,811
      Non-current: Equity securities Debt securities
Total
        The information of available-for-sale securities which were sold during the year ended March 31, 2017, is as follows: Millions of Yen
  Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
March 31, 2017
Available-for-sale: Equity securities
Proceeds ¥ 31
Realized Gains ¥ 19
Realized Loss –
   2018
2017
  2018
¥ 26,672
¥ 20,956
$ 251,623
29
29
273
¥ 26,701
¥ 20,985
$ 251,896
Available-for-sale securities which were not sold during the year ended March 31, 2018:
Impairment losses on available-for-sale equity securities for the year ended March 31, 2018, were ¥98 million ($925 thousand).
       77 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 78

Financial Section
5. INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATED COMPANIES
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies at March 31, 2018 and 2017, consisted of the following: Thousands of
Long-term debt at March 31, 2018 and 2017, consisted of the following:
Zero coupon convertible bonds due in March 2019 Unsecured corporate bond due in September 2027 Unsecured bank loans, maturing serially through 2019
with interest rates ranging from 0.1% to 6.4% (2018)
and from 0.2% to 5.5% (2017) Collateralized
Obligations under finance leases Total
Less current portion Long-term debt
Annual maturities of long-term debt at March 31, 2018, were as follows:
Year Ending March 31 2019
2020
2021
2022 2023 2024 Total
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
  2018
2017
  2018
¥ 25,000
¥ 25,000
$ 235,849
10,000
94,340
26,465
37,281
249,670
341
620
3,217
1,760
1,779
16,604
63,566
64,680
599,680
29,654
16,793
279,755
¥ 33,912
¥ 47,887
$ 319,925
   Millions of Yen
U.S. Dollars
  2018
2017
  2018
¥ 8,661
¥ 8,168
$ 81,708
22,178
19,238
209,226
¥ 30,839
¥ 27,406
$ 290,934
     Investments at cost
Equity in undistributed earnings Total
     Sales to and purchases from unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, were as follows:
    Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
  2018
2017
  2018
¥ 14,070
¥ 12,983
$ 132,736
21,283
20,515
200,783
   Sales Purchases
6. LONG-LIVED ASSETS
The Group reviewed its long-lived assets for impairment as of March 31, 2018. As a result, the Group did not recognize an impairment loss.
The Group reviewed its long-lived assets for impairment as of March 31, 2017. As a result, the Group recognized an impairment loss of ¥392 million in total for certain
7. SHORT-TERM BANK LOANS AND LONG-TERM DEBT
As is customary in Japan, the Group obtains financing by discounting trade notes receivable with banks. Such discounted notes and the related contingent liabilities are not included in the consolidated balance sheet, but are disclosed as contingent liabilities (see Note 15).
assets used for business. Because these assets became idle assets in the current fiscal year, the carrying amount of the assets was written down to the recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of the assets was measured at the net selling price estimated by its disposal price.
At March 31, 2018, short-term bank loans of ¥755 million ($7,123 thousand) were collateralized.
The weighted-average interest rates for the Group’s short-term bank loans were 2.38% and 2.13% at March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
and thereafter
Millions of Yen ¥ 29,654 2,024 5,415 4,239 1,502 20,732 ¥ 63,566
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$ 279,755 19,094 51,085 39,991 14,170 195,585 $ 599,680
          Zero coupon convertible bonds
Class of shares to be issued
Issue price for stock acquisition rights
Exercise price per share
Total amount of debt securities issued
Total amount of shares issued by exercising stock acquisition rights Percentage of shares with stock acquisition rights
Exercise period
If all the outstanding stock acquisition rights incorporated in convertible bonds had been exercised at March 31, 2018, 29,377 thousand shares of common stock would have
Ordinary shares of common stock –
¥851 ($8)
¥25,000 million ($235,849 thousand)
– 100%
March 27, 2014 – February 27, 2019
been issued. The conversion price of the convertible bonds is subject to adjustments to reflect stock splits and certain other events.
       79 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 80

Financial Section
The carrying amounts of assets pledged as collateral for short-term borrowings and long-term debt at March 31, 2018, were as follows:
(2) Changes in plan assets for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, were as follows: Millions of Yen
Balance at beginning of year Expected return on plan assets Actuarial gains
Contributions from the employer Benefits paid
Increase due to change in scope of consolidation
Others
Balance at end of year
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$ 3,236 19,943 5,604 3,377 189 17,443 161 $ 49,953
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
  2018
2017
  2018
¥ 51,133
¥ 42,451
$ 482,387
735
674
6,934
2,101
3,072
19,821
3,839
3,740
36,217
(1,817)
(1,934)
(17,142)
3,112
(27)
18
(255)
¥ 55,964
¥ 51,133
$ 527,962
Millions of Yen ¥ 343
2,114
¥ 5,295
    Cash and cash equivalents
Trade accounts
Inventories 594 Building and structures 358 Machinery and equipment 20 Land 1,849 Other 17 Total
                8. RETIREMENT BENEFITS
Certain consolidated subsidiaries have retirement benefit plans for employees. Under most circumstances, employees terminating their employment are entitled to benefit payments determined by reference to their rate of pay at the time of termination, years of service, and certain other factors. If the termination is involuntary or caused by death, the employee is usually entitled to greater payments than in the case of voluntary termination. Such retirement
(3) A reconciliation between the liability recorded in the consolidated balance sheet and the balances of defined benefit obligation and plan assets is as follows:
benefits are made in the form of a lump-sum severance payment from the Group and annuity payments from a trustee.
The portions of the liability for retirement benefits attributable to directors, Audit & Supervisory Board members, and executive officers at March 31, 2018 and 2017, were ¥49 million ($462 thousand) and ¥66 million, respectively.
Defined benefit obligation Plan assets
Total
Unfunded defined benefit obligation
Net assets arising from defined benefit obligation
Liability for retirement benefits
Assets for retirement benefits
Net assets arising from defined benefit obligation
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
  2018
2017
  2018
¥ 46,972
¥ 47,280
$ 443,132
(55,964)
(51,133)
(527,962)
(8,992)
(3,853)
(84,830)
3,246
3,051
30,622
¥ (5,746)
¥ (802)
$ (54,208)
        (1) Changes in defined benefit obligation for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, were as follows: Millions of Yen
Balance at beginning of year (as restated) Current service cost
Interest cost
Actuarial losses
Benefits paid
Increase due to change in scope of consolidation Others
Balance at end of year
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
  2018
2017
  2018
¥ 6,351
¥ 5,913
$ 59,915
(12,097)
(6,715)
(114,123)
¥ (5,746)
¥ (802)
$ (54,208)
     2018
2017
  2018
¥ 50,331
¥ 45,938
$ 474,821
1,607
1,541
15,160
162
126
1,528
548
136
5,170
(2,399)
(2,612)
(22,632)
5,185
(31)
17
(292)
¥ 50,218
¥ 50,331
$ 473,755
              81 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 82

Financial Section
(4) The components of net periodic benefit costs for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, were as follows: Millions of Yen
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets Amortization of prior service cost Recognized actuarial (gains) losses Net periodic benefit costs
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
b. Method of determining the expected rate of return on plan assets
The expected rate of return on plan assets is determined considering the long-term rates of return which are expected currently and in the future from the various components of the plan assets.
(8) Assumptions used for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, were set forth as follows:
2017
Discount rate 0.1% Expected rate of return on plan assets 2.0%
The Group mainly uses a salary increase index determined in accordance with human resources and the wage policy as of the balance sheet date for expected future salary increase.
  2018
2017
  2018
¥ 1,608
¥ 1,542
$ 15,170
162
126
1,528
(735)
(674)
(6,934)
(190)
(307)
(1,792)
(180)
589
(1,698)
¥ 665
¥ 1,276
$ 6,274
      2018
0.1%
2.0%
         (5) Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income (before income tax effect) in respect of defined retirement benefit plans for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, were as follows:
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
9. EQUITY
Japanese companies are subject to the Companies Act of Japan (the “Companies Act”). The significant provisions in the Companies Act that affect financial and accounting matters are summarized below:
a. Dividends
Under the Companies Act, companies can pay dividends at any time during the fiscal year in addition to the year-end dividend upon resolution at the shareholders’ meeting. Additionally, for companies that meet certain criteria including (1) having a Board of Directors, (2) having independent auditors, (3) having an Audit & Supervisory Board, and (4) the term of service of the directors being prescribed as one year rather than the normal two-year term by its articles of incorporation, the Board of Directors may declare dividends (except for dividend-in-kind) at any time during the fiscal year if the company has prescribed so in its articles of incorporation. The Company meets all the above criteria and, accordingly, the Board of Directors may declare dividends (except for dividends-in-kind) at any time during the fiscal year.
Semiannual interim dividends may also be paid once a year upon resolution by the Board of Directors if the articles of incorporation of the company so stipulate. The Companies Act provides certain limitations on the amounts available for dividends or the purchase of treasury stock. The limitation is defined as the amount available for distribution to the shareholders, but the amount of net assets after dividends must be maintained at no less than ¥3 million.
  2018
2017
  2018
¥ (189)
¥ (306)
$ (1,783)
1,414
3,525
13,340
¥ 1,225
¥ 3,219
$ 11,557
   Prior service cost Actuarial losses Total
b. Increases/Decreases and Transfer of Common Stock, Reserve, and SurplusX
The Companies Act requires that an amount equal to 10% of dividends must be appropriated as a legal reserve (a component of retained earnings) or as additional paid-in capital (a component of capital surplus) depending on the equity account charged upon the payment of such dividends until the aggregate amount of legal reserve and additional paid-in capital equals 25% of the common stock. Under the Companies Act, the total amount of additional paid-in capital and legal reserve may be reversed without limitation. The Companies Act also provides that common stock, legal reserve, additional paid-in capital, other capital surplus, and retained earnings can be transferred among the accounts within equity under certain conditions upon resolution of the shareholders.
c. Treasury Stock and Treasury Stock Acquisition Rights
The Companies Act also provides for companies to purchase treasury stock and dispose of such treasury stock by resolution of the Board of Directors. The amount of treasury stock purchased cannot exceed the amount available for distribution to the shareholders, which is determined by a specific formula.
Under the Companies Act, stock acquisition rights are presented as a separate component of equity.
The Companies Act also provides that companies can purchase both treasury stock acquisition rights and treasury stock. Such treasury stock acquisition rights are presented as a separate component of equity or deducted directly from stock acquisition rights.
   (6) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (before income tax effect) in respect of defined retirement benefit plans as of March 31, 2018 and 2017, were as follows:
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
  2018
2017
  2018
¥ 659
¥ 849
$ 6,217
(1,206)
(2,620)
(11,377)
(1)
¥ (547)
¥(1,772)
$ (5,160)
   Unrecognized prior service cost Unrecognized actuarial losses Others
Total
(7) Plan assets
a. Components of plan assets
Plan assets as of March 31, 2018 and 2017, consisted of the following:
     2018
44%
24
12
9
4
7
100%
 2017
  Equity investments
General accounts
Debt investments
Investment trusts
Short-term assets
Others 7 Total 100%
45% 24 13
9 2
       83 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 84

Financial Section
10. INCOME TAXES
The Company and its domestic subsidiaries are subject to Japanese national and local income taxes which, in the aggregate, resulted in a normal effective statutory tax rate
of approximately 30.5% for each of the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017.
At March 31, 2018, certain subsidiaries had tax loss carryforwards aggregating approximately ¥41,703 million ($393,425 thousand) which are available to be offset against taxable income of such subsidiaries in future years. These tax loss carryforwards, if not utilized, will expire as follows:
 The tax effects of significant temporary differences and loss carryforwards which resulted in deferred tax assets and liabilities at March 31, 2018 and 2017, were as follows:
Year Ending March 31 2019
2020
2021
2022
2023 and thereafter Total
11. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS
Millions of Yen ¥ 110
396 2,788 12,610 25,799 ¥ 41,703
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$ 1,038 3,736 26,302 118,962 243,387 $ 393,425
    Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
   2018
2017
  2018
¥ 1,296
¥ 1,351
$ 12,226
1,988
1,900
18,755
346
316
3,264
274
229
2,585
12,644
12,516
119,283
5,539
4,522
52,255
(14,116)
(14,706)
(133,170)
7,971
6,128
75,198
1,589
1,850
14,991
6,137
4,379
57,896
5,600
5,341
52,830
2,764
1,255
26,075
16,090
12,825
151,792
¥ (8,119)
¥ (6,697)
$ (76,594)
    Deferred tax assets:
Accrued bonuses
Liability for retirement benefits Write-down of investment securities Unrealized profit
Tax loss carryforwards
Other
Less valuation allowance
Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities:
Valuation excess of property
Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities Undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries Other
Deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities
Research and development costs charged to income were ¥9,752 million ($92,000 thousand) and ¥8,452 million for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
12. LEASES
The Group leases certain machinery, computer equipment, and other assets.
Total lease payments for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, were ¥1,581 million ($14,915 thousand) and ¥1,614
                Reconciliation between the normal effective statutory tax rates and the actual effective tax rates reflected in the accompanying consolidated statement of income for the year ended March 31, 2018, was as follows:
Normal effective statutory tax rate
Expenses not deductible for income tax purposes 1.2 Per capita levy 0.4 Net change in valuation allowance
Lower income tax rates applicable to income in certain foreign countries
Dividends of foreign subsidiaries and associated companies 1.2 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies 0.8 Non-taxable dividend income 1.3 Unrecognized tax effects on eliminated intercompany unrealized profit
Foreign tax credit 1.0 Goodwill depreciation 1.8 Loss on impairment of investments in securities
Other – net
Actual effective tax rate
Since the difference between the normal effective statutory tax rates and the actual effective tax rates for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, is less than 5%, a reconciliation of the differences is omitted.
million, respectively.
The minimum rental commitments under noncancelable operating leases at March 31, 2018, were as follows: Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$ 10,028 17,858 $ 27,886
 30.5%
(1.7) (2.3)
(0.1)
(6.7)
(1.3) 26.1%
Due within one year Due after one year Total
¥ 1,063 1,893 ¥ 2,956
                  85 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 86

Financial Section
13. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RELATED DISCLOSURES
(a) Fair value of financial instruments
March 31, 2018
Cash and cash equivalents Time deposits Receivables:
Trade notes
Trade accounts
Unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies
Investment securities
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies
Total
Short-term bank loans Payables:
Trade notes
Trade accounts
Unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies
Income taxes payable Long-term debt:
Convertible bonds Corporate bonds Bank loans
Lease obligations
Total
(1) Group Policy for Financial Instruments
The Group uses financial instruments, mainly bank loans, based on its capital financing plan. Derivatives are not used for speculative purposes, but to manage exposure to financial risks as described in (2) below.
(2) Nature and Extent of Risks Arising from Financial Instruments
Receivables such as trade notes and trade accounts are exposed to customer credit risk. Marketable and investment securities, mainly equity instruments of customers and suppliers of the Group, are exposed to the risk of market price fluctuations.
Payment terms of payables, such as trade notes and trade accounts, are less than five months.
Maturities of bank loans, principally used for the purpose of funding investments and short-term working capital, are less than five years after the balance sheet date. A part of such bank loans is exposed to market risks from changes in variable interest rates.
The purchase price of lead, which is a raw material used in production, is exposed to the risk of market price fluctuations. This risk is mitigated by using commodity price swaps.
Derivatives mainly include forward foreign currency contracts, foreign currency swaps, interest rate swaps, and commodity price swaps, which are used to manage exposure to market risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and material prices. Please see Note 14 for more detail about derivatives.
(3) Risk Management for Financial Instruments
Credit risk is the risk of economic loss arising from a counterparty’s failure to repay or service debt according to the contractual terms. The Group manages its credit risk from receivables on the basis of internal guidelines, which include monitoring of payment terms and balances of major customers by each business administration department to identify the default risk of customers at an early stage. With respect to investment securities, the Group manages its exposure to market risk by monitoring market values and financial positions of issuers on a regular basis.
Liquidity risk comprises the risk that the Group cannot meet its contractual obligations in full on their maturity dates. The Group manages its liquidity risk by the monthly management of cash positions by the corporate finance division.
Foreign currency trade receivables and payables are exposed to market risk resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Such foreign currency exchange rate risk is hedged principally by forward foreign currency contracts.
Interest rate swaps are used to manage exposure to market risks from changes in interest rates of loan payables. Commodity price swaps are used to manage exposure
to market risk from changes in prices of materials. Derivative transactions are entered into and managed by the finance division based on internal guidelines, and the Business Auditing Office monitors observance of internal
guidelines. The Company monitors the derivative transactions entered into by subsidiaries on a regular basis.
(4) Fair Values of Financial Instruments
Fair values of financial instruments are based on quoted prices in active markets. If the quoted price is not available, other rational valuation techniques are used instead. Also, please see Note 14 for the details of fair value for derivatives.
Carrying Amount
Millions of Yen Fair Value
Unrealized Gain (Loss)
  ¥ 19,777 ¥ 19,777
186 186
6,299 6,299
70,783 70,783
2,897 2,897
26,296 26,296
14,788 7,273 ¥ (7,515)
¥ 141,026 ¥ 133,511 ¥ (7,515)
¥ 17,464 ¥ 17,464
18,684 18,684
31,003 31,003
2,441 2,441
3,005 3,005
25,000 25,203 ¥ 203
10,000 9,984 (169)
22,689 22,647 (42)
1,223 1,223
¥ 131,509 ¥ 131,654 ¥ 145
                       87 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 88

Financial Section
Cash and cash equivalents, Time deposits, and Receivables
The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, time deposits, and receivables approximate fair value because of their short maturities.
Investment securities
The fair values of investment securities are measured at the quoted market price of the stock exchange for the equity instruments, and at the quoted price obtained from the financial institution for certain debt instruments. Fair value information for investment securities by classification is included in Note 4.
(b) Carrying amount of financial instruments whose fair value cannot
Investments in equity instruments that do not have a quoted market price in an active market
(5) Maturity Analysis for Financial Assets and Securities with Contractual Maturities
Cash and cash equivalents Time deposits
Receivables
Investment securities:
Available-for-sale securities with contractual maturities Total
 March 31, 2017
Cash and cash equivalents Time deposits Receivables:
Trade notes
Trade accounts
Unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies
Investment securities
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated
Total
Short-term bank loans Payables:
Trade notes
Trade accounts
Unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies
Income taxes payable Long-term debt:
Convertible bonds Bank loans
Lease obligations
Total
March 31, 2018
Cash and cash equivalents Time deposits Receivables:
Trade notes
Trade accounts
Unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies
Investment securities
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated
Total
Short-term bank loans Payables:
Trade notes
Trade accounts
Unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies
Income taxes payable Long-term debt:
Convertible bonds Corporate bonds Bank loans
Lease obligations
Total
Carrying Amount
24,673 321
Millions of Yen Fair Value
Unrealized Gain (Loss)
¥ (4,128) ¥ (4,128)
¥ 386 3
¥ 389
Unrealized Gain (Loss)
Short-term bank loans, Payables, and Income taxes payable
The carrying values of short-term bank loans, payables, and income taxes payable approximate fair value because of their short maturities.
Convertible bonds and Long-term debt
The fair values of convertible bonds are measured at the quoted price obtained from the financial institution for certain debt instruments.
The fair values of bank loans and lease obligations are determined by discounting the future cash flows at the Group’s assumed corporate borrowing rate.
Derivatives
Fair value information for derivatives is included in Note 14. be reliably determined
 ¥
¥
24,673 321
   5,489 63,455 3,249 20,369 companies 12,427 ¥ 129,983
5,489 63,455 3,249 20,369 8,299 ¥ 125,855
       ¥
¥
27,534
13,432 28,454 2,367 3,616
25,000 21,723 1,163 123,289
Carrying Amount
¥
¥
27,534
13,432 28,454 2,367 3,616
25,386 21,726 1,163 123,678
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen
Due in 1 Year or Less
¥ 24,673 321 71,939
¥ 96,933
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
          2018
2017
  2018
 ¥ 16,456
¥ 15,595
 $ 155,245
     Thousands of U.S. Dollars Fair Value
  $ 186,575 $ 186,575
1,755 1,755
59,425 59,425
667,764 667,764
27,330 27,330
248,075 248,075
139,510 68,613 $ (70,897)
$ 1,330,434 $ 1,259,537 $ (70,897)
$ 164,755 $ 164,755
176,264 176,264
292,481 292,481
23,028 23,028
28,349 28,349
235,849 237,764 $ 1,915
94,340 94,189 (151)
214,047 213,651 (396)
11,538 11,538
$ 1,240,651 $ 1,242,019 $ 1,368
    2018
Due in 1 Year or Less
Due after 5 Years through
10 Years
¥ 19,777
186
79,979
¥ 29
¥ 99,942 ¥ 29
2017
          companies
Due after 5 Years through 10 Years
¥ 29 ¥ 29
                    89 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 90

Financial Section
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
  2018
 Due in 1 Year or Less
Due after 5 Years through
10 Years
$ 186,575
1,755
754,519
$ 274
$ 942,849 $ 274
  At March 31, 2018
Foreign currency forward contracts:
Contract Amount
Contract Amount Due after One Year
Fair Value
Unrealized Gain/Loss
 $ 15,462 $ (179) $ (179)
1,670 (9) (9)
1,425 19 19
  Selling
EUR and GBP THB
USD
  Cash and cash equivalents Time deposits
Receivables
Investment securities:
Available-for-sale securities with contractual maturities Total
Please see Note 8 for annual maturities of long-term debt.
14. DERIVATIVES
The Group enters into foreign exchange forward contracts and foreign currency swaps to hedge foreign currency exchange rate risk associated with certain assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. The Group also enters into interest rate swap contracts to manage interest rate exposures on certain liabilities and it enters into commodity price swap contracts to reduce the impact of price fluctuations of lead inventories.
All derivative transactions are entered into to hedge interest, foreign currency, and commodity price exposures incorporated within the Group’s business. Accordingly,
Derivative Transactions to Which Hedge Accounting Is Applied
       Millions of Yen
  At March 31, 2018
Interest rate swaps: (fixed rate payment, floating rate receipt)
At March 31, 2017
Interest rate swaps: (fixed rate payment, floating rate receipt)
At March 31, 2018
Interest rate swaps: (fixed rate payment, floating rate receipt)
Hedged Item
Hedged Item
Long-term debt interest
Hedged Item
Contract Amount
Contract Amount Due after One Year
Fair Value
Fair Value
Fair Value
  Long-term debt interest
¥ 1,852 ¥ 1,852
 market risk in these derivatives is generally offset by opposite movements in the value of the hedged assets or liabilities. The Group does not hold or issue derivatives for trading purposes.
Derivatives are subject to market risk. Market risk is the exposure created by potential fluctuations in market conditions, including interest or foreign currency exchange rates.
Derivative transactions entered into by the Group have been made in accordance with internal policies which regulate the authorization of such transactions.
Millions of Yen
 Contract Amount ¥ 4,652
Contract Amount Due after One Year
¥ 1,852
  Thousands of U.S. Dollars
 Derivative Transactions to Which Hedge Accounting Is Not Applied
Contract Amount
Contract Amount Due after One Year
  Long-term debt interest
$ 17,472 $ 17,472
  At March 31, 2018
Foreign currency forward contracts:
Contract Amount
Contract Amount
¥ 45 2,097 1,929 98
Millions of Yen
Contract Amount Due after One Year
Millions of Yen
Contract Amount Due after One Year
Fair Value
Fair Value
Unrealized Gain/Loss
Unrealized Gain/Loss
¥ 24 (14)
The above interest rate swaps which qualify for hedge accounting and meet specific matching criteria are not remeasured at market value, but the differential paid or received under the swap agreements is recognized and included in interest expense or income. In addition, the fair value of such interest rate swaps in Note 14 is included in that of the hedged items (i.e., long-term debt).
The fair value of derivatives is measured at the quoted prices obtained from financial institutions.
The contract or notional amounts of derivatives which are shown in the preceding table do not represent the amounts exchanged by the parties and do not measure the Group’s exposure to credit or market risk.
 ¥ 1,639 ¥ (19) ¥ (19)
177 (1) (1)
151 22
  Selling
EUR and GBP THB
USD
    At March 31, 2017
Foreign currency forward contracts:
Buying THB
Selling EUR and GBP
THB AUD
¥
24 (14)
      91 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 92

Financial Section
15. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
At March 31, 2018, the Group had the following contingent liabilities:
Endorsed notes
Guarantees of bank loans of certain associated companies
16. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
17. NET INCOME PER SHARE
A reconciliation of the differences between basic and diluted net income per share (“EPS”) for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, is as follows:
Millions of Yen ¥ 803 34
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$ 7,575 321
Millions of Yen
Net Income Attributable to Owners of
the Parent
¥ 12,229
(17) ¥ 12,212
Thousands of
Shares Yen
Weighted-
Average EPS
Shares
412,752 ¥ 29.63
29,377
442,129 ¥ 27.62
U.S. Dollars
     ¥ 11,450 412,152 ¥ 27.78 $ 0.26
(18) 29,378
¥ 11,432 441,530 ¥ 25.89 $ 0.24
 The components of other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, were as follows: Thousands of
Year Ended March 31, 2018
Basic EPS
– Net income attributable to common shareholders
Effect of dilutive securities: Convertible bonds
Diluted EPS – Net income for computation
Year Ended March 31, 2017
Basic EPS
– Net income attributable to common shareholders
Effect of dilutive securities: Convertible bonds
Diluted EPS – Net income for computation
   Millions of Yen
U.S. Dollars
   2018
2017
  2018
¥ 5,700
¥ 3,232
$ 53,774
(18)
5,700
3,214
53,774
(1,755)
(957)
(16,557)
¥ 3,945
¥ 2,257
$ 37,217
¥ 13
¥ 32
$ 123
(15)
(19)
(142)
(2)
13
(19)
1
(4)
10
¥ (1)
¥9
$ (9)
¥ 2,260
¥ (3,488)
$ 21,321
2,260
(3,488)
21,321
¥ 2,260
¥ (3,488)
$ 21,321
¥ 1,553
¥ 2,936
$ 14,651
(369)
283
(3,481)
1,184
3,219
11,170
(363)
(1,885)
(3,425)
¥ 821
¥ 1,334
$ 7,745
¥ 1,218
¥ (1,650)
$ 11,490
¥ 8,243
¥ (1,538)
$ 77,764
   Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities: Gains arising during the year Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss Amount before income tax effect
Income tax effect Total
Deferred gain (loss) on derivatives under hedge accounting: Gains arising during the year
Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss
Amount before income tax effect
Income tax effect Total
Foreign currency translation adjustments: Adjustments arising during the year Amount before income tax effect
Total
Defined retirement benefit plans:
Adjustments arising during the year Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss Amount before income tax effect
Income tax effect
Total
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) in associates:
Gains (losses) arising during the year Total other comprehensive income (loss)
As noted in Note 2.m, the Company applied PITF No. 30, “Practical Solution on Transactions of Delivering the Company’s Own Stock to Employees etc. through Trusts.” In calculating the number of weighted-average shares above, the number of shares that are held by the Trust
18. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
(1) Reverse Stock Split and Change in the Number of Shares Per Share Unit
The Company resolved at its Board of Directors meeting
held on May 8, 2018 to submit the proposal for change
in the number of shares, reverse stock split, and revision
to articles of incorporation at the 14th Company in
shareholders’ meeting held on June 28, 2018. The
proposal was approved at the Company's shareholders’ 2. meeting.
(a) Change in the number of shares per share unit
           (230,000 shares in 2018) is reflected.
As stated in Note 18, the Company resolved a
one-for-five reverse stock split at the shareholders’ meeting held on June 28, 2018. However, the number of weighted-average shares and EPS have not been restated.
                   93 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 94
1.
Purpose of the change in the number of shares per
share unit 3.
All Japanese securities exchanges announced and are promoting the “Action Plan for Consolidating
Trading Units,” under which the trading units of common shares for domestically listed companies are uniformly set at 100 shares. In light of this action plan, the Company, whose shares are listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, will change the share unit number from the current 1,000 shares to 100 shares.
Details of the change in the number of shares per share unit
The Company will change the share unit number from the current 1,000 shares to 100 shares.
Date for the change in the number of shares per share unit
October 1, 2018

Financial Section
(b) Reverse stock split
1. Purposal for reverse stock split
Along with the change in the share unit, the Company will also conduct a reverse stock split in order to adjust the investment unit to the appropriate level.
2. Details of reverse stock split
i) Classofshares Common stock
ii) Reverse split ratio
The Company will effect a one-for-five reverse stock split on October 1, 2018 based on the number of shares held by shareholders listed in the final shareholders’ register as of September 30, 2018.
iii) Total number of issuable shares after the reverse stock split
280,000,000 shares (before the reverse stock split: 1,400,000,000 shares)
3. Effect on per share information
iv) Decrease in the number of shares due to the reverse stock split
19. SEGMENT INFORMATION
Under the ASBJ Statement No. 17, “Accounting Standard for Segment Information Disclosures” and ASBJ Guidance No. 20, “Guidance on Accounting Standard for Segment Information Disclosures,” an entity is required to report financial and descriptive information about its reportable segments. Reportable segments are operating segments or aggregations of operating segments that meet specified criteria. Operating segments are components of an entity about which separate financial information is available and such information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. Generally, segment information is required to be reported on the same basis as is used internally for evaluating operating segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources to operating segments.
(1) Description of Reportable Segments
The Group’s reportable segments are those for which separate financial information is available and regular evaluation by the Company’s management is being performed in order to decide how resources are allocated among the Group. As such, the Group’s reportable segments are as follows:
“Automotive Batteries (Japan),” consisting of manufacturing and marketing of lead-acid batteries for automobiles.
“Automotive Batteries (Overseas),” consisting of manufacturing and marketing of batteries overseas.
“Industrial Batteries and Power Supplies,” consisting of manufacturing and marketing of industrial batteries and power supplies.
“Automotive Lithium-ion Batteries,” consisting of manufacturing and marketing of lithium-ion batteries for vehicles.
(2) Methods of Measurement for the Amounts of Sales, Profit (Loss), Assets, and Other Items for Each Reportable Segment
The accounting policies of each reportable segment are consistent with those disclosed in Note 2, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.”
The profit (loss) of each reportable segment is an operating profit (loss) before amortization of goodwill. The prices of the goods traded among the segments are mainly determined considering market prices or manufacturing costs.
(3) Matters Regarding Changes in Reportable Segments
The Company has implemented one of the important projects of its fourth mid-term business plan, which is called “Reorganization of organizational structure to focus on markets and customers,” in order to respond to changes in the economic environment. Also, the Company has consolidated the Domestic Automotive Batteries department and the Overseas Operations department into the Automotive Batteries department. As a result, reportable segments are identified as “Automotive Batteries (Japan),” “Automotive Batteries (Overseas),” “Industrial Batteries and Power Supplies,” and “Automotive Lithium-ion Batteries” in its financial statement. The partial sales of Automotive Batteries (Overseas) is included in Overseas Industrial Batteries and Power Supplies.
The total amount of Automotive Batteries (Japan) and Automotive Batteries (Overseas) are presented as Automotive Batteries in the financial statement. Reportable segments in the previous fiscal year are presented as the new changed reportable segments.
 Per share information for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, on the assumption that the reverse stock split had been implemented as of April 1, 2016, are as follows:
Number of outstanding shares before the reverse stock split
(as of March 31, 2018)
Decrease in number of shares due to the reverse stock split
Number of outstanding shares after the reverse stock split
413,574,714 shares
330,859,772 shares
82,714,942 shares
Note:
The “Decrease in number of shares due to the reverse stock split” and “Number of outstanding shares after the reverse stock split” are theoretical values calculated by multiplying the number of outstanding shares before the reverse stock split by the reverse split ratio.
v) Handling of fractional shares of less than one share If any fractional shares arise as a result of the reverse stock split, pursuant to the provisions of Article 235 of the Companies Act, the Company will sell all such fractional shares and distribute the proceeds to shareholders having fractional shares in proportion to their respective fractions.
Yen U.S. Dollars
  2018
2017
  2018
¥ 2,138.45
¥ 1,959.14
$ 20.17
138.90
148.14
1.31
129.46
138.10
1.22
   Net assets per share
Basic EPS – Net income attributable to common shareholders Diluted EPS – Net income for computation
(2) Appropriation of Retained Earnings
   The following appropriation of retained earnings at March 31, 2018, was approved at the Company’s shareholders’ meeting held on June 28, 2018:
 Year-end cash dividends, ¥7 ($0.07) per share
Millions of Yen ¥ 2,879
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$ 27,160
 95 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 96

Financial Section
(4) Information about Sales, Profit (Loss), Assets, and Other Items
Millions of Yen
  2018
 Reportable Segments Automotive Batteries Industrial Batteries
Japan Overseas Total and Power Supplies
Automotive
Lithium-ion Total
Batteries
Other Consolidated
  ¥ 89,241 ¥ 187,625 ¥ 276,866 ¥ 72,187 ¥ 44,784 ¥ 393,837 ¥ 17,114 ¥ 410,951
1,448 1,041 2,489 2,904 706 6,099 (6,099)
¥ 90,689 ¥ 188,666 ¥ 279,355 ¥ 75,091 ¥ 45,490 ¥ 399,936 ¥ 11,015 ¥ 410,951
¥ 6,143 ¥ 9,408 ¥ 15,551 ¥ 6,917 ¥ 1,321 ¥ 23,789 ¥ 288 ¥ 24,077
54,326 158,028 212,354 41,177 45,445 298,976 92,348 391,324
1,860 4,175 6,035 1,267 5,213 12,515 5,604 18,119
1,033 30,141 31,174 138 516 31,828 31,828
2,362 6,360 8,722 1,115 1,361 11,198 4,605 15,803
1,217 33 1,250 1,250 1,250
4,259 91 4,350 4,350 4,350
  Sales:
Sales to external customers Intersegment sales of transfers
Total
Segment profit Segment assets Other:
Depreciation
Investment in equity method Increase in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets Amortization of goodwill Goodwill – net
Sales:
Sales to external customers Intersegment sales of transfers
Total
Segment profit (loss) Segment assets Other:
Japan
¥ 67,599 1,498 ¥ 69,097
¥ 5,677 52,522
Automotive Batteries Overseas
¥ 170,613 1,097 ¥ 171,710
¥ 10,460 145,082
4,205 26,275 3,788
33 124
Total
¥ 238,212 2,595 ¥ 240,807
¥ 16,137 197,604
5,545 27,211 5,705
641 5,600
Millions of Yen 2017
Reportable Segments
Industrial Batteries and Power Supplies
¥ 72,765 3,151 ¥ 75,916
¥ 8,702 41,355
1,225 120 1,254
52
Automotive Lithium-ion Batteries
¥ 39,305 878 ¥ 40,183
¥ 46 40,481
5,555 986 1,839
340
Total
¥ 350,282 6,624 ¥ 356,906
¥ 24,885 279,440
12,325 28,317 8,798
392
641 5,600
Other
¥ 9,324 (6,624) ¥ 2,700
¥ (700) 91,069
3,989 11,863
Consolidated
¥ 359,606
¥ 359,606
¥ 24,185 370,509
16,314 28,317 20,661
392
641 5,600
                          Depreciation 1,340
 Investment in equity method Increase in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets Impairment losses of assets Amortization of goodwill Goodwill – net
936 1,917
608 5,476
     97 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 98

Financial Section
Sales:
Sales to external customers Intersegment sales of transfers
Total
Segment profit Segment assets Other:
Depreciation
Investment in equity method
Increase in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets Amortization of goodwill
Goodwill – net
Notes:
1. “Other” consists of business activities, such as special batteries that are not included as a reportable segment, or adjustments of segment profit (loss).
2. The main details of adjustments were as follows:
(1) Adjustments of segment profit for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, were ¥2,325 million ($21,934 thousand) and
(3) Adjustments of depreciation for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, were ¥4,225 million ($39,858 thousand) and ¥3,591 million, respectively. The adjustments consisted of depreciation of Company-wide assets.
(4) Adjustments to “Increase in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets” for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, were ¥4,111 million ($38,783 thousand) and ¥5,156 million, respectively. The adjustments consisted of the purchase amount of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets classified as Company-wide assets.
3. For the year ended March 31, 2018, the difference between the segment profit listed above and operating income in the consolidated statement of income, ¥24,077 million ($227,142 thousand) and ¥21,920 million ($206,792 thousand), respectively, resulted from the amortization of goodwill and other intangible assets of ¥2,157 million ($20,349 thousand). The goodwill and other intangible assets include identifiable assets acquired on the effective date of the business combination.
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
  2018
 Reportable Segments Automotive Batteries Industrial Batteries
Japan Overseas Total and Power Supplies
Automotive
Lithium-ion Total
Batteries
Other Consolidated
  $ 841,896 $ 1,770,047 $ 2,611,943 $ 681,009 $ 422,491 $ 3,715,443 $ 161,453 $ 3,876,896
13,660 9,821 23,481 27,396 6,660 57,537 (57,537)
$ 855,556 $ 1,779,868 $ 2,635,424 $ 708,405 $ 429,151 $ 3,772,980 $ 103,916 $ 3,876,896
$ 57,953 $ 88,755 $ 146,708 $ 65,255 $ 12,462 $ 224,425 $ 2,717 $ 227,142
512,509 1,490,830 2,003,339 388,462 428,726 2,820,527 871,209 3,691,736
17,547 39,387 56,934 11,953 49,179 118,066 52,868 170,934
9,745 284,349 294,094 1,302 4,868 300,264 300,264
22,283 60,000 82,283 10,519 12,840 105,642 43,443 149,085
11,481 311 11,792 11,792 11,792
40,180 858 41,038 41,038 41,038
               ¥2,449 million, respectively. The details of the adjustments are as follows:
Elimination of intersegment transactions Company-wide expenses
Total
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
  2018
2017
  2018
¥ 1,304
¥ 1,434
$ 12,302
1,021
1,015
9,632
¥ 2,325
¥ 2,449
$ 21,934
      Company-wide expenses mainly consist of general administrative expenses not attributable to any reportable segments.
(2) Adjustments of segment assets for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, were ¥91,384 million ($862,113 thousand) and ¥90,081 million, respectively. The details of the adjustments are as follows:
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
  2018
2017
  2018
¥ (84,886)
¥ (69,198)
$ (800,811)
176,270
159,279
1,662,924
¥ 91,384
¥ 90,081
$ 862,113
   Elimination of intersegment transactions Company-wide assets
Total
   99 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 100
Company-wide assets mainly consist of managing cash surplus, assets of administrative departments, and certain equipment of the research institute.

Financial Section
Independent Auditor’s Report
  (5) Information about Geographical Areas
(a) Sales
  2018
 Japan Asia Europe and Other Total North America
 ¥ 206,026 ¥ 110,365 ¥ 66,233 ¥ 28,327 ¥ 410,951
    Japan
¥ 176,003
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen 2017
Europe and North America
¥ 58,888 Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Other ¥ 24,702
Total
¥ 359,606
Asia
¥ 100,013
Note: Sales are classified by country or region based on the location of customers. (b) Property, plant and equipment
    2018
 Japan Asia Europe and Other Total North America
 $ 1,943,642 $ 1,041,179 $ 624,840 $ 267,235 $ 3,876,896
    2018
 Japan Asia Europe and Other Total North America
 ¥ 89,292 ¥ 29,231 ¥ 2,401 ¥ 1,923 ¥ 122,847
    Japan ¥ 94,141
Asia
¥ 25,976
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen 2017
Europe and North America
¥ 2,189 Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Other ¥ 1,973
Total
¥ 124,279
    2018
 Japan Asia Europe and Other Total North America
 $ 842,377 $ 275,764 $ 22,651 $ 18,142 $ 1,158,934
  101 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 102

Corporate Information
As of March 31, 2018
Corporate Information
Stock Information
As of March 31, 2018
Stock Information
Fiscal Year-End
Number of Shares Authorized
Number of Shares Issued Shares per Trading Unit Number of Shareholders Transfer Agent
Listed Securities Exchange Method of Public Notice
Principal Shareholders
Shareholdings by Type of Shareholder
   Corporate Name
Business
Establishment
Capital Stock
Number of Employees
Group Companies
Japan
GS Yuasa Corporation
Head Office 1, Inobanba-cho, Nishinosho, Kisshoin, Minami-ku, Kyoto 601-8520, Japan Tel: +81-75-312-1211
Tokyo Office 1-7-13, Shiba-koen, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-0011, Japan Tel: +81-3-5402-5800
Formulating management plans and strategies for the GS Yuasa Group and administering Group companies to enhance the total value of the Group
March 31 1,400,000,000
413,574,714
1,000
36,880
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited
First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Notification is given electronically on the Company’s website. However, if a public announcement cannot be made electronically, it will be placed in the Nihon Keizai Shimbun newspaper.
Securities firms 2.00%
Other domestic corporations
9.07% Overseas
investors 18.45%
Individuals, other 21.47%
36,074 28,890 14,000 11,180 10,164
9,327 8,945 7,740 7,354 7,108
          April 1, 2004
¥33.0 billion Consolidated: 14,585
Financial institutions
48.43%
          GS Yuasa International Ltd.
GS Yuasa Battery Ltd.
GS Yuasa Technology Ltd.
GS Yuasa Accounting Service Ltd. GS Yuasa Energy Co., Ltd. Lithium Energy Japan
Blue Energy Co., Ltd.
GS Yuasa Power Fieldings Ltd. Hokkaido GS Yuasa Service Ltd. GS Yuasa Innovation Co., Ltd.
Overseas
USA
GS Battery (U.S.A.) INC.
GS Yuasa Lithium Power, Inc. Yuasa Battery, Inc.
UK
GS Yuasa Battery Europe Limited
TURKEY
Inci GS Yuasa Aku Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim Sirketi
CHINA
Yuasa Battery (Guangdong) Co., Ltd. Yuasa Battery (Shunde) Co., Ltd. Tianjin Yuasa Batteries Co., Ltd. Tianjin GS Battery Co., Ltd.
Yuasa (Tianjin) Technology Ltd.
Tianjin Toho Lead Recycling Co., Ltd.
GS Battery (China) Co., Ltd.
Shanghai GS Toptiger Motive Power Co., Ltd.
TAIWAN
Taiwan Yuasa Battery Co., Ltd. GS Battery Taiwan Co., Ltd.
GS Yuasa Lighting Service Co., Ltd. GS Yuasa Wing Ltd.
GS KASEI KOGYO Co., Ltd.
GS Ibaraki Works, Ltd.
GS Environmental Science Laboratories Co., Ltd. Yuasa Membrane Systems Co., Ltd.
Iwaki Yuasa Ltd.
Yuasa Chemical Co., Ltd.
YUASA ELECTRIC CO., LTD.
THAILAND
Yuasa Battery (Thailand) Pub. Co., Ltd. Siam GS Battery Co., Ltd.
GS Yuasa Siam Industry Ltd.
GS Yuasa Siam Sales Ltd.
MALAYSIA
GS Yuasa Battery Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account) Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Company
Toyota Motor Corporation
BBH FOR GLOBAL X LITHIUM AND BATTERY TECH ETF The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.
Nippon Life Insurance Company
The Bank of Kyoto, Ltd.
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
8.77 7.03 3.40 2.72 2.47 2.27 2.18 1.88 1.79 1.73
              Notes 1. Shareholding rates are calculated based on the number of shares issued (412,217,928 shares) after deducting treasury shares. 2. The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. was renamed MUFG Bank, Ltd. effective April 1, 2018.
Stock Price and Trading Volume
Volume (thousand shares)
Price (yen) 700
600 500 400 300 200 100 0
    80,000 GS Battery Vietnam Co., Ltd. 70,000
 VIETNAM INDONESIA
  PT. Yuasa Battery Indonesia 60,000 PT. GS Battery 50,000
 PT. Trimitra Baterai Prakasa
PAKISTAN
Atlas Battery Ltd.
40,000
30,000
    INDIA 20,000 Tata AutoComp GY Batteries Private Limited
10,000 Century Yuasa Batteries Pty. Limited 0
  AUSTRALIA
2017
Apr.
2018
  103 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 104
Name
Number of Shares Held As a Proportion of (thousands) Shares Issued (%)
 May
Jun.
Jul.
Aug.
Sep.
Oct.
Nov.
Dec.
Jan.
Feb.
Mar.
 