Through our business we are contributing to achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals.
                     Supplying the necessary key components for the diffusion of eco-vehicles
Since emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) from the more than 1.3 billion vehicles on roads around the world are having an impact on global warming, regulations on CO2 emissions and fuel consumption are becoming increasingly stringent in various regions. For this reason, the diffusion of eco-friendly vehicles, such as hybrid electric (HEVs), plug-in hybrid electric (PHEVs), and electric vehicles (EVs), is advancing. And even in the case of conventional gasoline vehicles, the standardization of start-stop functions designed to contribute to the improvement of fuel consumption is progressing.
Our Group’s products are playing an important role in this shift to eco-vehicles and the electrification of automobiles.
For example, to increase the traveling distance of EVs and PHEVs, for which demand is increasing, it is necessary to vastly improve storage battery performance. We are tackling the challenge of making lithium-ion batteries bett       Global Market Forecast for Automobiles
 150
(Million
units) Electric vehicles (EV)
Compressed natural gas (CNG)/ Liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) vehicles Diesel vehicles
Gasoline vehicles
2015 2020 2025
  Fuel-cell vehicles (FCV)
 100
50
0
2000 2005
Source: International Energy Agency,
2010
2030 (Year)
Plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEV) Hybrid electric vehicles (HEV)
      1 GS YUASA Report 2018
GS YUASA Report 2018 2
The values that we supply to society
 Energy Technology Perspectives 2015
     Through our business we are contributing to achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals.
                             Contributing to the increased use of power source systems and storage battery technology using renewable energies
Since worldwide energy demand is increasing as a result of burgeoning populations and economic growth, it is necessary to expand the use of renewable energies
to replace the limited fossil fuels, such as oil and coal. The introduction of power source systems and storage batteries to stabilize output fluctuations is essential
for the effective use of energy from photovoltaic or wind power generation. Our Group’s products are attracting much attention as indispensable items
for the diffusion of photovoltaic and wind power generation.
In order to utilize energy generated from solar power without waste, we are improving the conversion efficiency of power conditioners and pursuing technology. Furthermore, in Japan we are engaged in the design and building of entire photovoltaic power generation systems.
Storage battery system
This system contributes to the effective use of energy through higher electricity conversion efficiency and little loss.
Power conditioners for photovoltaic power plants
With a product lineup from 4.5 to 250 kilowatts, these power conditioners are used in plants of all sizes, including small-scale facilities and mega solar plants.
By combining solar panels and storage batteries, plant operators can build storage systems for on-site power use.
                    Trends in the Share of Renewable Energies
in Power Generation Facilities Introduced Each Year Worldwide 300
(GW)
        60 Other renewable energies (bioenergy, solar, geothermal, ocean) (%)
           200
100
Photovoltaic
Wind
Hydropower
Fossil fuels, nuclear
Share of renewable energies (right-hand scale)
40
20
    