  By your side, for life
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report
2018
Integrated Report
     
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 Editorial Policy
This publication constitutes disclosure of “the status of the business and property” as stipulated in Article 271-25 of the Insurance Business Act and Article 210-10-2 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act. It is intended to help our stakeholders better understand the Dai-ichi Life Group’s passion and initiatives reflecting our mission; “By your side, for life.” We hope this report will foster a deeper understanding of the management challenges, strategies and initiatives for future growth for the Dai-ichi Life Group, as well as its efforts.
 Coverage of This Report
■ Period covered: April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018 (including some activities on and after April 1, 2018)
■ Organizations covered: Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates
Positioning of This Report
In order to provide understanding of the Dai-ichi Life Group by all stakeholders, material information in this report is summarized. Please visit our website for further details.
http://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/
WEB
Corporate Information
(Corporate Governance/ Internal Control/Compliance)
BOOK
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. Annual Report (Integrated Report)
Reference
■ International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) “International Integrated Reporting Framework”
■ Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) “Sustainability Reporting Standards”
■ Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry “Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation”
Note: See below for details
Page Structure based on Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation
This publication organizes information systematically and comprehensively to help in dialogue with shareholders and investors. The framework of the Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation is also used to show the Dai-ichi Life Group’s mechanisms for value creation as a story while connecting the respective information appropriately.
Corresponding page
3 Group Vision 5 Group History
7 Group at a Glance
15 Value Creation Process
17 New Medium-term Management Plan
15 Value Creation Process
17 New Medium-term Management Plan 37 Capital Policies and ERM
39 Risk Management
15 Value Creation Process
17 New Medium-term Management Plan 23 Domestic Life Insurance Business
27 Overseas Life Insurance Business
31 Asset Management Business
35 Driving Innovation
37 Capital Policies and ERM
39 Risk Management
40 Diversity and Inclusion
7 Group at a Glance
17 New Medium-term Management Plan 37 Capital Policies and ERM
70 Non-financial Highlights
71 Recognition from Society /
Participation in External Initiatives 73 Financial and Non-financial Data
Since Demutualization
(Fiscal 2010 - Fiscal 2017) 75 Financial Analysis
47 Corporate Governance
    Constituent elements of corporate value
Values
Business Model
Sustainability and Growth Prospects
Strategies
Performance and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
Governance
  WEB
Sustainability Information
(Society/Environment/ Employees)
Forward-looking Statements
WEB
IR Information
(Strategy/Earnings Information)
 Statements contained herein that relate to the future operating performance of the Company are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may include – but are not limited to – words such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “strategy,” “expect,” “forecast,” “predict,” “possibility” and similar words that describe future operating activities, business performance, events or conditions. Forward-looking statements are based on judgments made by the Company’s management based on information that is currently available to it and are subject to significant assumptions. As such, these forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual business results may vary substantially from the forecasts expressed or implied in forward-looking statements. Consequently, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation to revise forward-looking statements in light of new information, future events or other findings.
 Introduction
1 Contents and Editorial Policy 3 Group Vision
5 Group History
7 Group at a Glance
9 Chapter 1
Management Strategies
9 Message from the President
15 Value Creation Process
17 New Medium-term Management Plan 23 Domestic Life Insurance Business
27 Overseas Life Insurance Business
31 Asset Management Business
47 Chapter 2
Corporate Governance
49 Outside Directors’ Discussion
53 Leadership
57 Corporate Governance Structure
59 Framework That Supports Corporate Governance
62 For Stakeholders
63 Internal Control System
35 Driving Innovation
37 Capital Policies and ERM
39 Risk Management
40 Diversity and Inclusion
43 Special Feature: Post-Merger Integration at Protective Life
69 Chapter 3
Data Section
70 Non-financial Highlights 71 Recognition from Society /
Participation in External Initiatives
73 Financial and Non-financial Data Since Demutualization
(Fiscal 2010 - Fiscal 2017)
75 Financial Analysis
79 Corporate and Financial Data
          1 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 2

 Group Vision
Integrity and Agility –
Standing “By your side, for life,” Aiming for
a Secure Future for Every Community We Serve, Using the Best of Our Local and Global Capabilities
Since its founding in Japan in 1902, the Dai-ichi Life Group has contributed to secure and affluent lives for its customers and the development of local communities through the life insurance business. The value we place on putting customers first and our spirit of untiring innovation since our founding live on today in our principles, through which we wish to deliver a secure future for every community we serve, using the best of our local and global capabilities.
As we continue our global business expansion going forward, we aim to stand “By your side, for life” with a commitment to the principles we have valued and continue to take on challenges with integrity and agility.
Principles
Mission
Vision
Values
Dai-ichi's Social Responsibility Charter (DSR Charter)
By your side, for life
A secure future for every community we serve. Using the best of our local and global capabilities.
Dai-ichi's Social Responsibility Charter (DSR Charter)
People First
Integrity – Customer First since our founding
Based on the customer-first commitment set out by our founder, Tsuneta Yano, the Group has constantly aimed for management that achieves its growth by facing and resolving the issues of customers and society while valuing its aspiration to put people first.
This conviction remains unchanged now and will not change in the future as the Group’s business operations are expanding from Japan to the world.
All Group employees worldwide share in the aspiration to deliver a secure future for every community we serve, using the best of our local and global capabilities. This is our vision.
Agility – Our Spirit of Innovation continuing to Drive Us
The history of the Dai-ichi Life Group is also a history of constantly taking on the challenge of innovation for the sake of customers and society.
The establishment of Dai-ichi Life as the Japan’s first mutual company was a bold venture in pursuit of the best solution at the time. At the same time, our demutualization in 2010 and subsequent transition to a holding company structure also demonstrate innovation in step with the times to keep our customer-first commitment.
Today, we continue rising untiringly to the challenge of innovation, beginning in 2007 when we started to develop our domestic multi-brand strategy in anticipation of diversification of customer needs, and also as the first Japanese life insurance company to expand into the overseas business.
The founder, Tsuneta Yano
          • Customer satisfaction
• Compliance
• Diversity & inclusion
• Environmental protection • Creating sustainable corporate value • Promoting health
 Brand Message
Executives and employees at the time of our founding
Ceremony for demutualization and listing on the stock exchange (2010)
• Communication
• Respect for human rights • Social contribution
  3 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 4

Group History
      Since Founding in 1902,
Helping to Resolve Social Issues by Always Putting Customers First
The history of the Dai-ichi Life Group is a history of contribution to resolving social issues through the life insurance and other businesses.
Since our founding, we have grown in step with the development of Japan by resolving the social issues that have needed to be overcome in each era for Japan to advance and providing stability for people’s lives.
Going forward, we will continue to take on the challenge of resolving new social issues in the world by taking advantage of the business foundation, which we have expanded dramatically in Japan and overseas over the past 10 years, to further demonstrate our strengths.
                           1900s-
Livelihood security becomes a
social need in an underdeveloped society
• Supporting asset building with savings-type products • Contribution aimed at eliminating tuberculosis
・Provided insurance with outstanding savings features across Japan amid expansion in business, providing extensive support for the population’s asset building
・Established Hoseikai with the goal of preventing and treating tuberculosis, which was the biggest cause of death in Japan at the time
1950s-
Urgent need to relieve household poverty and develop infrastructure in post-war reconstruction era
• Popularizing protection-type products to support income growth and development of the nuclear family
• Contributing to public health and measures to address cardiovascular disease and cancer
• Contributing to post-war reconstruction through investment and lending
・Contributed to the stability of post-war household finances by providing protection-type products for emergencies
・Contributed to public health and commenced activities to contribute to measures to address diseases affecting the nation (cardiovascular disease and cancer)
・Supported infrastructure development and corporate growth to underpin post-war reconstruction through investment and lending
1990s-
Growing anxiety about the social security system accompanying an aging society
2000s-
Emergence of new customer needs and social issues due to
the diversification of values and advances in science and technology
2007 2017
                                                           Japan’s per capita GDP*
Founding in 1902
Dai-ichi Life's Policies In force
(Total for the domestic life insurance companies from 2007)
 The Dai-ichi Life Group’s History of Reform for the Past 10 Years
Significantly increased business scope through the development of a multi-channel strategy in Japan and actively expanded into overseas life insurance and asset management business
2016 2017
• In addition to death coverage, providing insurance policies for healthcare, nursing care, and later life to respond to the needs of an aging society
・Contributed to the achievement of diverse life plans through proposals and follow up based on unique Total Life Plans
・Enhanced the added value of the Total Life Plan through a bold alliance strategy (alliances with non-life insurance, cancer insurance, etc.)
• Contributing to improving people’s quality of life by providing diverse products and services making use of advances in science and technology
JUST
Medical insurance Savings-type products
・Developed a product strategy and services that encourage improving the quality of life, including health through the three domestic brands
・Expanded business partnerships in anticipation of changing customer and social needs and explored providing new value making use of advances in science and technology
                    2007 2008
Vietnam
Dai-ichi Life Vietnam becomes a subsidiary
India
Establishes Star Union Dai-ichi Life
Thailand
Acquires share of OCEAN LIFE
Acquires share of Tower Australia Group Limited (currently TAL Group)
2010 2011 2012 2013 2015
 Organizational Structure
Developed governance to support global business expansion
New foundation
as a listed company
Indonesia
Acquires share of Panin Life (currently Panin Dai-ichi Life)
Establishes regional headquarters in New York and Singapore
U.S.A.
Protective becomes a subsidiary
Transition to a holding company structure
 Established three brands in Domestic Life the domestic life insurance
Insurance Business
market to respond to diversified customer needs
Dai-ichi Frontier Life commences business
Neo First Life commences business
   Established a balanced Overseas Life business portfolio by covering
Insurance Business
both growth and stable markets
Australia
Tower Australia Group Limited becomes a subsidiary
     Asset Management Business
Established a global trilateral structure covering three major markets
Acquires share of
Janus Capital Group Inc.
Asset Management One begins operations
Janus Henderson Group plc begins operations
       5
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 6
* Maddison Project Database, version 2018. Bolt, Jutta, Robert Inklaar, Herman de Jong and Jan Luiten van Zanden (2018),“Rebasing ‘Maddison’: new income comparisons and the shape of long-run economic development” Maddison Project Working Paper, nr. 10, available for download at www.ggdc.net/maddison. Please refer to www.ggdc.net/maddison for documentation and explanation of the data series.

Group at a Glance
Building a Solid Business Foundation in Japan and Overseas
Financial Position
Sufficient and Sound Financial Position to Support Our Growth and Achievements
 Top-Line Indicators
Profit Indicators
  Annualized Net Premium from Policies In force
Net Income Attributable to Shareholders of Parent Company / Group Adjusted Profit*1
3,671.1
(Billions of yen)
billion yen
3,217.0
363.9
(Billions of yen) 400
billion yen
      Europe
Japan
 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
3,396.2
3,633.4
3,671.1
Group Adjusted Profit
363.9 243.2
Fiscal 2017
Share Repurchases Cash Dividends Total Payout Ratio
40 (%) 40
10
Fiscal 2016 Fiscal 2017 (E)
Net Income Attributable to Shareholders of Parent Company
       2,560.3
300 200 100
214.7 178.5 204.6
77.9 116.0 142.4
Fiscal 2013 Fiscal 2014 Fiscal 2015
231.2
      Dai-ichi Frontier Life
Dai-ichi Life
Neo First Life
       The business foundation in Japan and overseas is underpinned by a robust financial base, talent and know-how, and strong brand.
Domestic Life Insurance Business
Three-brand structure in Japan to accommodate diversification in customer needs
Overseas Life Insurance Business
Business operations in six countries striking a balance between growth and stability
Asset Management Business
Business operations in Japan, the U.S.A., and Europe with two companies operating in Japan and overseas
Number of Group Employees
may change at the discretion of the rating agencies.
Talent and Know-how
Diverse Human Capital, High Expertise, and Extensive Experience Supporting Transformation and Growth
U.S.A.
   00
210.1 Fiscal 2016
35 73.7
   March 31, 2014 March 31, 2015 March 31, 2016
Corporate Value Indicators
March 31, 2017
March 31, 2018
     Europe
Asia Pacific
India
Thailand
North America
6,094.1
(Billions of yen) 8,000
6,000 4,000 2,000
Financial Soundness Indicators
Economic Solvency Ratio Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
97.4
Japan
30 48.5
Fiscal 2013 Fiscal 2014 Fiscal 2015
Rating Information*4
97.4 30 20
U.S.A.
(Billions of yen) 120
Group European Embedded Value (EEV)
Total Shareholder Payout*2 / Total Payout Ratio*3
 billion yen
5,987.6
4,294.7
March 31, 2014 March 31, 2015 March 31, 2016 March 31, 2017 March 31, 2018
billion yen
  6,094.1 90 60 30
30 57.6
5,495.4 000
 4,646.1
18
20.0
      Vietnam Indonesia
           Australia
Rating and Investment Information (R&I)
Japan Credit Rating Agency (JCR)
     170% 838.3%
A+ Insurance Claims Paying Ability
A+ Ability to Pay Insurance Claims
     India
Thailand
Australia
Indonesia
Vietnam
   Capital Efficiency Indicators
11.5%
A+ Insurer Financial Strength Rating
A+ Insurer Financial Strength Rating
Standard & Poor’s (S&P)
Fitch Ratings (Fitch)
   Three Growth Engines
Significant Progress
in Global Business Diversification
*1 An indicator of the Company representing the source for shareholder returns. Please see page 77 for further details.
*2 97.4 billion yen for fiscal 2017 includes the upper limit of the Company's stock repurchase amount of 39.0 billion yen resolved on May 15, 2018.
*3 Total payout ratio was based on consolidated adjusted net income until fiscal 2015, and Group adjusted profit from fiscal 2016.
*4 Rating for Dai-ichi Life (as of July 31, 2018). The ratings represent the opinions of the rating agencies, and do not guarantee the payment of insurance benefits, etc. The ratings
RoEV (Average Since Demutualization)
 8% 15%
2010
92%
Group Adjusted Profit
20% 10%
2017
85%
80%
Strong Brand
Developed into a
Well-known Brand through
a Long History of over a Century
      Market share
Top class in the domestic market
Over-the-counter market share
No.1
Third-sector product market share
No.1
  Group Employees
Participants in Global Communication Program
Approx. * 2,100
* Cumulative total for the most recent five years
* Formed in 1927, Million Dollar Round Table (MDRT) is a global, independent association of more than 66,000 of the world’s leading life insurance and financial services professionals from more than 500 companies in 71 nations and territories. MDRT members demonstrate exceptional professional knowledge, strict ethical standards, and outstanding client service. MDRT membership is recognized internationally as the standard of excellence in the life insurance and financial services business.
Various relationships with customers around the world
1902– 1907–
1869–
 70,0700
Strong Customer Base
Japan
No. of policies in force
Diverse Sales Channels
   U.S.A. acquisition transactions
56
acquisitions (Protective)
Australian market share
No. 1
(TAL)
Vietnamese market share
No. 3
(Dai-ichi Life Vietnam)
Approx.
MDRT* Members
employees
U.S.A.
No. of policies in force
million
    Total Life Plan Designers
 Independent Agents
 Individual Insurance Agents
Independent Insurance Agents
  Wholesale
 Independent Advisors
Securities Companies and Banks
  Direct Sales
2017
90%
in
countries
15.1 Corporate customers
thousand companies
No. of sales representatives:
 Consolidated Premium and Other Income
1
No. of policies in force
ten thousand
  Total assets under management
No.1in Japan and Asia region
(Asset Management One)
Total assets under management
Over ¥10 each in the U.S. and
trillion European markets
(Janus Henderson)
0% 19%
2010 2017
100%
Japan Overseas
81%
Approx
Approx.
Japan
Approx.
million
8.3
189
persons
50
Vietnam
Overseas
.
72
257
Approx.
 persons
One of the Largest Sales Forces in Japan
  Australia
million
No. of cus4 Almost
 7 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 8
12 20
Advanced Operational and
IT Know-how to Drive Innovation
44,626
tomers

  Message from the President
Building further upon our strengths in “integrity” and “agility”
through the strategies of the new medium-term management plan “CONNECT 2020.”
President and Representative Director Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 9 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 10
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

Message from the President
 The Dai-ichi Life Group’s Commitment
- Contribute to Resolving Social Issues -
Since our foundation in 1902, the Dai-ichi Life Group has consistently grown, with its commitment to contribute to resolving social issues through the life insurance business. Prior to World War II, we contributed to stability in people’s lives by providing savings-type life insurance. After the War, we contributed to Japan’s economic growth by investing in companies and protecting people’s livelihoods by providing protection-type life insurance. In recent years, we have been contributing to various lifestyles through insurance as well as other products and services. These contributions have enabled us to be a part of people’s lives and progress together with Japanese society.
From here on, we will contribute to resolving social issues more than ever before by combining the collective strengths of the Group to meet and exceed the needs of people and communities in every country and region around the world where we operate.
I would like to take this opportunity to explain the strengths that have underpinned the Dai-ichi Life Group’s commitment and outline how we plan to contribute to society in the future by utilizing these strengths.
Strengths Underpinning Our Commitment
-“Pursue What’s Best” and “Spirit of Innovation”-
“Pursue what’s best” and “spirit of innovation” are the two strengths that have underpinned the Dai-ichi Life Group’s commitment. The business philosophy of our founder, Tsuneta Yano, is embodied in the phrases, “the best rather than the largest” and “think about whether what we are doing will delight people everywhere, or will be dismissed as something they can do without.” The reason for our existence is not growing the size of our business, but rather in contributing to the happiness of
people and the progress of society. In other words, providing what is truly needed is valuable to us and forms the essence of “pursue what’s best.” This philosophy has been passed down for more than a century and is closely related to our Group Mission of “By your side, for life.”
The “spirit of innovation” is another business philosophy of our founder Yano, who established Dai-ichi Life as Japan’s first mutual company. This was a venture-like challenge unprecedented in Japan at the time. For Yano, it was the inevitable result of pursuing the best approach to insurance company management. Later, unlike many other companies, Yano adopted a high policyholder dividend payout model by purposely setting high insurance premiums. His style of manage- ment reinforced the company’s financial and manage- ment foundations while maximizing profit returns to customers over the long run. This management philosophy improved the credibility of the life insurance business and greatly contributed to the penetration of life insurance and the sound development of the life insurance industry in Japan. This year, which marks the 150th year since the beginning of the Meiji period, Yano was cited by the Government of Japan (Financial Services Agency) as one of the people who contributed to the establishment of Japan’s financial system in the Meiji period, and his achievements in the insurance industry were honored.
The achievements of Yano and his team, which continually pursued the best while taking on the challenge of creating new innovations, helped Dai-ichi Life earn the support of countless customers, propelling it to become Japan’s second largest life insurer by 1932.
The spirit of Yano continues to live strongly within the Dai-ichi Life Group. With regard to “pursue what’s best,” in recent years we provide high quality products and services to customers. We provide products not only developed in-house, but we also offer a variety of products and services introduced through strategic partnerships. We have enhanced our sales initiatives as well by establishing the concept of “life plan” as a
consulting method that caters to the needs of customers in various livelihoods. In terms of the “spirit of innovation,” we were among the first to expand our business into overseas life insurance and asset management, and we became the first major Japanese life insurance company to demutualize and transition to a holding company structure.
This is how the Dai-ichi Life Group established its current business foundation that stretches across Japan and around the world.
“Integrity” and “Agility”
If I were to express the two strengths “pursue what’s best” and “spirit of innovation” in my own words, I would use the term “integrity” for “pursue what’s best” and “agility” for “spirit of innovation.” I believe it is essential to our future growth that each member of the Dai-ichi Life Group has a strong awareness of the spirit of our founder today, to work toward building upon our strengths. With this in mind, I share these words with our 70,000 employees in Japan and around the world.
The word “integrity” relates to the pursuit of the customer first spirit that satisfies customer needs more so than before, given the constantly changing dynamics
of customers’ values and lifestyles. There are major changes taking place in people’s needs for life insurance. For example, the main role of conventional insurance products was found in protection to meet customers’ financial needs in case of an unforeseen event. In recent years, however, expectations have also been placed on prevention products that meet the needs of customers in terms of health promotion and illness prevention that is one-step ahead. We also play such a role with our ability to provide products and services tailored to the new and broad needs of customers and society, which results in providing value which is instrumental in our customer-first approach. This represents our business, which is based on “integrity” that is well received by customers.
The term “agility” refers to the bold initial actions that we continually take to reform with “integrity.” In the future, information and healthcare technologies are expected to evolve further while the structure of society will undergo major changes as well. By taking advantage of changes with“agility”and actively reforming business models, we aim to create opportu- nities for new growth.
Dai-ichi Life Group demonstrates its strengths in all of the regions and societies where it operates by executing business with “integrity” and “agility.” As a result, we believe that we will be able to grow further by bringing joy to an even larger number of customers and communities.
Results of the Previous Medium-term Management Plan
-Expanding the Philosophy of “Integrity” and “Agility” Globally -
Under our previous medium-term management plan D-Ambitious, which covered the period up to fiscal 2017, we expanded the philosophy of “integrity” and “agility” globally, and greatly picked up the pace of D-Ambitious initiatives across the Group.
 11 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 12
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

 Message from the President
 In Japan, we established a three-brand system composed of Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Frontier Life, and Neo First Life in order to optimally cover the needs of nearly every customer segment. Dai-ichi Frontier Life was spun off from Dai-ichi Life first, in 2007, on the assumption that demand for saving-type products would grow, and since then it has captured the top market share in over-the-counter insurance sales, a position it kept in 2017 as well. Neo First Life, which commenced operations in 2015, continues to grow with sharply increasing sales of medical insurance through agents including insurance shops.
Outside of Japan, our product and channel strategy succeeded as we properly adapted to changes in markets and needs along with local economic growth. In particular, Dai-ichi Life Vietnam and TAL in Australia captured and maintained a high market share in their respective markets. Protective Life in the United States supported profit growth of the Group through its powerful two-pronged business model of acquisitions and retail insurance.
In the Asset Management Business, two different Group companies merged with separate entities to capture even greater growth in their respective businesses and to establish a global business foundation spread across the three markets of Japan, the United States, and Europe.
As a result, the Dai-ichi Life Group expanded and diversified its business foundation globally, and achieved double the profits targeted under the previous medium-term management plan. At the same time, we were able to steadily enhance corporate value, including reaching our targeted total shareholder payout ratio of 40%. Additionally, we transitioned to a holding company structure in October 2016 and laid the groundwork to reinforce our management structure for further growth in the future.
Taking the Group’s Strengths to the Next Level
-Tackling the Challenges of CONNECT-
The Group will now seek out new growth opportunities by fully harnessing the business foundation we have built up in Japan and overseas, our robust financial foundation, strong brand, and the skills of our talented and highly experienced workforce of 70,000.
The concept behind our efforts will be CONNECT. The name of the new medium-term management plan, kicked off in fiscal 2018, is CONNECT 2020, and we have already put various initiatives in place.
Based on the concept of CONNECT, we will pursue connections, such as the creation of unique synergies through collaboration, harnessing the diversity of Group companies inside and outside of Japan, and strengthen partnerships and collaboration with outside business partners. Through these connec- tions we will enhance the value of products, services and channels, and as a result, increase connections
with more customers and communities.
By bringing about these connections through our
business, we will respond to the needs of people for improved quality of life*, such as stable living through the penetration of life insurance, improved health, affluent lifestyles in later life, and contribute to new solutions to social issues around the world.
Our approach of contributing to resolve social
issues through improved quality of life also matches the
vision of the United Nations’ Sustainable Development
Goals (SDGs). Contributing to resolve worldwide issues
through our businesses that harness our strengths will
benefit the sustainable development of the international
community and, as a result, enhance the Dai-ichi Life
Group’s growth potential and sustainability.
*Improved quality of life: realizing lifestyles in which people can live as they desire; lifestyles where one lives his/her life.
The Four Strategies of CONNECT
CONNECT comprises four strategies.
First is CONNECT with customers. We will reinforce
and diversify our sales channels to ensure the Dai-ichi Life Group’s products and services are provided to more customers, and we will enhance the value provided, so that we earn the support of more customers. In Japan, we will accelerate the mutual distribution of products and services across our three brands, strengthen the agent channel, and launch new products focused on improved quality of life, such as health promotion. Outside of Japan, we will contribute to stability of peoples’ lives and the penetration of insurance by expanding in emerging countries, especially the Mekong region.
Second is CONNECT with communities. We will work alongside local governments and medical institutions and promote medical and education assistance more than ever before, in the countries where we operate in order to contribute to promoting
people’s health through our businesses and help find solutions to issues facing local communities.
Third is CONNECT with diverse business partners. We will work closely with business partners that have diverse customer segments to secure new contact points with various customers. In terms of InsTech initiatives, where new business opportunities can be found, we will speed up the Group’s innovation through collaboration and cooperation with various companies, and startups from different industries that offer various strengths.
Fourth is CONNECT with Group companies. We will capitalize on the diversity of our Group companies, with business operations in various countries and regions, to learn from one another and find ways to take each other’s initiatives to the next level. This will position us to achieve further growth in each business segment and reinforce the Group’s management structure. For example, creating synergies between the life insurance business and asset management business, finding solutions through global exchanges of talent and know-how, and enhancing the Group’s collective strengths.
In this way, we will seek to deliver value unique to the Dai-ichi Life Group, through the deployment of a business strategy based on these four connections in each of our businesses inside and outside of Japan.
Lastly
We will continue to leverage our two strengths that we refer to as “pursue what’s best” and “spirit of innovation” as we forge the future with “integrity” and “agility” aiming to further contribute to resolve social issues. I kindly ask for your continuing support and guidance of the Dai-ichi Life Group as we move forward.
13 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 14
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

 Value Creation Process
Resolve Social Issues and Achieve Growth by Leveraging Our Strengths
The Dai-ichi Life Group strives to create value by resolving social issues (improve quality of life) and achieve further growth of the Group. These efforts are driven by our unique strengths developed over our 116-year history while we harness the spirit of innovation based on our mission of “By your side, for life” with our customers.
Strategies going forward to further expand our strengths
*Selection process of material issues: The value creation domains presented above were selected from 50 social issues extracted and analyzed from the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) considering the materiality to the Dai-ichi Life Group from the point of view of what stakeholders expect from the Dai-ichi Life Group, and how relevant issues are to the group's businesses activities. Those domains categorized as high priority in the Dai-ichi Life Group’s value creation process are incorporated in the management and business strategies of the medium-term management plan.
*Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs): A set of international development goals to 2030, which was adopted by the UN Sustainable Development Summit held in September 2015. The SDGs consists of 17 goals and 169 targets to realize a sustainable world. SDGs are universal goals applicable not only to developing countries but also developed countries and pledge “No one will be left behind” through the implementation process.
    Strengths of the Dai-ichi Life Group
 Robust financial base
Diverse talent Know-how
Strong brand
INPUT
 Domestic Life Insurance Business
Overseas Life Insurance Business
Asset Management Business
Three-brand structure in Japan to accomodate diversification in customer needs
Business operations in six countries striking a balance between growth and stability
Business operations in Japan, the U.S.A., and Europe with two companies operating in Japan and overseas
Three growth engines
    Value Creation by Resolving Social Issues (Improve quality of life)
 Domains that serve as the driving force
behind our value creation
(Prioritized under the new medium-term management plan, CONNECT 2020)
Promote health for all Stability through insurance
Sense of security Building a safe and Development of Revitalizing
  in later life
secure community cutting-edge technology communities
Contribute Empowerment Protect rights to society of women of workers
    Domains that support our value creation
(To be enhanced continuously to serve as a foundation for growth)
Improving corporate Promoting Improving Tackling governance and clean energy energy efficiency climate change risk management
      New Medium-term Management Plan
  15 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 16
Relevance to the businesses
Material issues
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section
Growth of the Dai-ichi Life Group
Expectations
from Stakeholders

 New Medium-term Management Plan
Moving from a Phase of Expansion and Diversification
of the Business Foundation to a Phase of Even Stronger Growth in Each Business, Leveraging Group Strengths
Based on the business foundation we have built so far, we will aim for further growth in each business utilizing Group synergies and alliances with diverse business partners. Moreover, while focusing on executing these growth strategies, we will take on the challenge of further expanding our business foundation.
250
Further Expansion of Business Foundation
Approx.300billion yen
A secure future for
every community we serve Using the best of our local and global capabilities
Scale of Group Profit (Vision)
2010 2013 Demutualization
and Listing
Expand & Diversify Business Foundation
2015 2017
CAGR 5-7% (Estimate) 2018 2020
Domestic Life Insurance Business
Overseas Life Insurance Business
Asset Management Business
Driving Innovation
Established three domestic brands to provide products and services flexibly tailored to customer needs and the economic environment
Built global trilateral structure through expansion of business operations in Asia-Pacific and expansion into the U.S. market through acquisition of Protective
Also expanded asset management business sites in the three regions covering markets
in Japan, the U.S.A. and Europe through the launch of Asset Management One and Janus Henderson
Established structure to promote InsTech and commenced joint research and industry-academia collaboration with external partners
Achieve Further Growth in Each Business Leveraging Group Strengths
Promote strengthening and diversification of channels utilizing the three domestic brands,
provide products and services that promote improvement in quality of life, and accelerate external partnerships
In addition to further profit growth in developed countries and expansion of market share in Asian emerging countries, gain first-mover advantage through expansion into early stage markets (e.g. the Mekong region)
Benefit from market growth in Japan, the U.S.A., and Europe and maximize synergies with Group companies, including all group life insurance companies
Apply cutting-edge technologies to offer more user-friendly products and services and to improve
business operations productivity and also expand into new business domains by establishing innovation labs
17 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 18
Approx.100billion yen FY2013-2014
Medium-term Management Plan
CONNECT
with diverse partners
CONNECT
tighter as a group
210
FY2015-2017
Medium-term Management Plan
CONNECT
better with customers
Approx.
billion yen
FY2018-2020 New Medium-term Management Plan
Approx.
billion yen
CONNECT
deeper
with communities
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

 New Medium-term Management Plan
FY2018-2020
Overview of the New Medium-term Management Plan
With the changes in the external environment and intensification of competition, Dai-ichi Life Group launched a new medium-term management plan, CONNECT 2020, from fiscal year 2018. This plan aims to leverage the Group’s strengths and further reinforce and expand our business foundation. As a result, we will achieve growth by further enhancing each Group business by focusing on the CONNECT concept, and contributing to the improvement of the quality of life for all.
Surrounding Environment and Core Initiatives
Under CONNECT 2020, we will further enhance the three growth engines that make up our strengths against changes in the surrounding environment through the core initiatives below.
         2013 2014
2015 2016 2017
Domestic Life Insurance
Diverse lifestyles Aging demographics
Overseas Life Insurance
Asia: High market growth
U.S.A. and AUS: Stable market growth
Asset Management
Strong demand for asset formation on a global scale
Technology and Competition
Advancement
of medical science and IT
Borderless markets
International Regulations
Increasing uncertainty
of the financial environment
New international capital regulations
• Strengthen cross-industry collaboration in InsTech
• Accelerate global talent exchange and inter-company cooperation
2018
2019
2020
A secure future
for every community we serve Using the best of our local and global capabilities
  Surrounding Environment
 New Medium-term Management Plan
       Strategic Direction
• We will offer products and services using different distribution channels that help improve quality of life by building stronger relationships with customers, communities, and diverse business partners in a rapidly changing environment.
• We will create unique synergies by leveraging our global network as a competitive advantage and nurture the growth of each group company by strengthening our ties within the group in an intensely competitive market.
   Enhance the three growth engines
Framework
to support enhancement
 Domestic Life Insurance Business
   The Four Aspects That Express the CONNECT Concept
• Develop products and services that offer new value including health awareness improvement
• Enhance and diversify sales channels
• Asia: Expand market share by enhancing core sales channels
• U.S.A.and AUS: Diversify sales channels and pursue new growth opportunities
• Pursue unique synergies between life insurance and asset management business
Overseas Life Insurance Business
Asset Management Business
Drive Innovation
 ERM Diversity and Inclusion
 Core Initiatives
  Deliver products and services that
improve quality of life
CONNECT
better with customers
CONNECT
deeper
with communities
Address
social issues
through our business
• Address social issues through our business
   Management Objectives and Medium- to Long-term Vision
Indicators
Indicators
  Group Management Objectives (Quantitative Targets)
 Accounting Profit
Group Adjusted Profit
Future Profit Group Value of (Economic Value) New Business
New Medium-term Management Plan
CONNECT
tighter as a group
Objectives
250 billion yen in FY2020
230 billion yen in FY2020
Targets for the Medium- to Long-term
At least 8% average growth 170% to 200% range
       Group Medium- to Long-term Vision
 Capital Efficiency
Financial Soundness
Average EV Growth(RoEV) Economic Solvency Ratio(ESR)
Expand opportunities with outside partners
+11.5% CONNECT
with diverse partners
Further synergies between group companies
年平均
     19 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 20
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

 New Medium-term Management Plan
Aiming for Growth of Our Group through
Our Business Strategy Based on the Four Aspects
 of CONNECT
Alliance with LDH JAPAN to support children Sports promotion alliance with The Professional Golfers’ Association of Japan (PGA) Comprehensive collaboration with national health institutions
Overseas Life Insurance Business
Strengthen affinity strategy (Costco Wholesale and Qantas Airways, etc.)
Secure new sales channels through alliances (Vietnam Post and the country's leading banks, etc.)
InsTech
Strengthen collaboration with partner companies in other industries, research institutions such as universities, and start-up companies around the world
  Domestic Life Insurance Business
Dai-ichi Life
Achieve highly flexible product design
Provide new added value (health awareness improvement)
Expand agency channel
Dai-ichi Frontier Life
Provide products that assist with asset creation and inheritance in a flexible manner
Expand the number of commissioned agents
Neo First Life
Provide new added value (for business owners and health awareness improvement)
Provide products through Dai-ichi Life agencies
Overseas Life Insurance Business
Expand market share in each country by strengthening sales channels, etc.
Growth through acquisition business, etc. in the U.S. market
Increase penetration of insurance in the Mekong region
Domestic Life Insurance Business
Alliance with Rakuten Life Insurance
Strengthen affinity strategy with other industries (Nihon Chouzai, Matsumotokiyoshi, etc.)
CONNECT
better with customers
Deliver products and services that improve quality of life
New Medium-term Management Plan
CONNECT
with diverse partners
Expand opportunities with outside partners
CONNECT
deeper
with communities
Address social issues through our business
Domestic Life Insurance Business
Solve local issues based on collaboration and similar agreements with local governments
Initiatives in each region to contribute to
improving quality of life, including health awareness
Overseas Life Insurance Business
Social contribution for medical and welfare in each region and development of social infrastructure in emerging countries
Provide tools for disease prevention and health management
Asset Management Business
Proactively promote ESG Investments
Improve effectiveness of stewardship activities
Domestic Life Insurance Business
Sale of Group products by Dai-ichi Life
Expand mutual distribution of health services, etc. within the Group
Asset Management Business
Co-develop products with Group life insurers
Provide advanced asset management functions to Group life insurers
InsTech
Establish laboratory functions
at two locations in Japan and the U.S.A.
Jointly utilize achievements and output of development
Diversity and Inclusion
Accelerate global talent exchange and inter-company cooperation
Promote active participation of diverse talents
                 Image provided by: Asian Development Bank
         CONNECT
tighter as a group
Further synergies between group companies
        21 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 22
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

      Where We Are and Our Strategy in the Market
“CONNECT 2020” Strategy
Based on the three-domestic-brand structure, in addition to mutual distribution of products and services, the Group will accelerate the multi-channel strategy by further improving the consulting capabilities of Total Life Designers and proactively expanding the agency channel. Moreover, we will implement a product strategy that promotes improvement in the quality of life while we expand cross-industry collaboration in anticipation of changes in social and customer needs.
Through these efforts, we aim to increase the value of new business and maintain profit levels.
Value of New Business in the Domestic
Life Insurance Business
Adjusted Profit
in the Domestic
Life Insurance Business
CAGR mid- single digit
Maintain levels
   The environment surrounding the life insurance industry is changing dramatically due to such factors as the decline in the working age population, the advent of a super-aging society, the diversification in the lifestyles of customers, and technological innovation.
As we stand “By your side, for life” with our customers, the Group is building a multi-brand, multi-channel structure to deliver products and services provided by the three domestic companies, Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Frontier Life, and Neo First Life, through the optimum channel (Total Life Plan Designers,
Initiatives to Improve Quality of Life for All People
banks, walk-in insurance shops, etc.) to respond quickly and accurately to the changing social environment and customer needs. Moreover, in order to provide customers with high-value-added products and services and to build an efficient administrative system, we are making Group-wide efforts to promote our highest priority management strategy, InsTech, which leverages cutting-edge technology.
Through these initiatives, we will continue to upgrade our products, propositions, and services to contribute to improvement in the quality of life for all people throughout Japan.
2017
2020 objective
Medium- to long-term outlook
2017 (Excluding one-time factors)
2020 objective
Medium- to long-term outlook
        Reflecting on Our Previous Medium-term Management Plan, “D-Ambitious”
 Contribute to the improvement in quality of life for all people throughout Japan
 More secure, in your own way.
By your side for life, “Just Right” for your life
Dai-ichi Life
Dai-ichi Life worked to enhance the consulting capabilities of Total Life Plan Designers and to diversify sales channels through such means as increasing commissioned sales agents. In fiscal 2017, the year ended March 31, 2018, as a result of focusing on sales of protection-type products, there was a dramatic expansion in annualized net premiums from new third-sector policies, and these policies accounted for 80% of sales.
Dai-ichi Frontier Life
In addition to flexibly launching new products to meet diverse customer needs, including asset formation and inheritance, Dai-ichi Frontier Life worked to strengthen relationships with financial institution agencies and increased its number of product-commissioned agents. As a result of these efforts, policy amount in force steadily increased, and Dai-ichi Frontier Life established its position as a top runner in the financial institution over-the-counter sales market.
Neo First Life
Neo First Life achieved steady growth by introducing distinctive products, such as a product with premiums that are based on the policyholder’s Kenko Nenrei®* (Health Age) instead of actual age at the time of enrollment in the policy, and increasing the number of commissioned agents, such as banks and walk-in insurance shops. The number of new policies increased steadily, and policies in force topped 100,000.
*Kenko Nenrei (Health Age) is a registered trademark of JMDC Inc.
Annualized Net Premium from New Third-Sector Policies (Dai-ichi Life)
Percentage Breakdown of Annualized Net Premium from New Policies (Dai-ichi Life)
(Billions of yen)
80 73.2
Savings-type Fiscal Protection-type 59% 41%
    60 47.5 51.2 60.2 40
2016
Savings-type Fiscal Protection-type
      Products
JUST Savings-type products Medical insurance
     Propositions
Find what’s “just right” through optimized consulting
   Advice on current health conditions
Services
Health Promotion App
Check for future disease risk
Customer’s “Health”
   Initiatives that support local health promotion
Utilization of cutting-edge technology, mutual cooperation with partners and networking with other industries
  ■ Providing added value instead of simply lowering price ■ Streamlining business processes
Collaborating with all 47 prefectures and municipalities in Japan
 20
0 Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal Fiscal
Policy Amount in Force (Dai-ichi Frontier Life)
   20% 2017 80%
 (Billions of yen) 8,000
6,840.6
March 31, 2017
7,618.6
March 31, 2018
51,550
Fiscal 2017
2014 2015 2016 2017
  6,000 4,000 2,000
0
4,904.6
March 31, 2015
6,180.7
March 31, 2016
       Number of New Policies (Neo First Life)
(No. of policies) 60,000
40,000 20,000 0
27,447 8,290
       Dai-ichi Frontier Life Dai-ichi Life Neo First Life
923
Fiscal 2014
Fiscal 2015
Fiscal 2016
 23 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 24
  Domestic Life Insurance Business
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

   Domestic Life Insurance Business
“CONNECT 2020” Initiatives
Customers Communities and society
CONNECT
 Customers
Communities and society
Business partners
Group companies
Product Strategy to Drive Improvement in Quality of Life
 Business partners
Group companies
In addition to improving quality of life for all customers with products and services that provide new added value, we will continue to take on the challenges faced by Japan, such as extending the healthy life span, by providing support for health promotion.
Dai-ichi Frontier Life
CONNECT
Further Development of a Multi-brand and Multi-channel Structure
Dai-ichi Life
JUST
1st in the Industry*2
Health Check-up Discount
Health Promotion App
  By identifying changes in the social environment and customer needs, the Group strives to offer optimal products and services to every customer, using the most convenient channel for them. To this end, in addition to enhancing the consulting capabilities of Total Life Plan Designers, the Group will work to enhance convenience for customers by promoting a multi-channel structure, including proactive expansion of the
Multi-brand & Multi-channel Structure
agency channel and collaboration with affinity groups. Moreover, the Group will expand mutual distribution of products and services among Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Frontier Life, and Neo First Life while utilizing other brands and working to further expand and evolve the multi-brand structure with a view to providing “Multi-brand + α.”
■Markedly improved flexibility for combining coverage through a radical review of the product system to provide insurance tailored to each customer
■Introduction of new benefits for complications of diabetes, which can lead to many diseases
■Provides extensive support not only for healthy customers but also people who are trying to improve their health
■Promotes improvement in lifestyle habits and prevents serious medical conditions by encouraging early detection and treatment through health checkup recommendations (also contributes to curbing social security benefit expenses as a result)
■Upgraded health promotion app gives current health status and future risks based on health checkup results
  /
  Savings-type products
■ Supports asset formation in an era when people will live to be 100 and for asset inheritance to pass on and leave assets to one's precious family members
 Customers throughout Japan
Independent Agents
Dai-ichi Life
Provide Products
Initiatives that leverage cutting-edge technologies
Neo First Life
          Banks Securities Companies
Dai-ichi Frontier Life
Dedicated Channel, RM*
Walk-in Shops, Banks
Neo First Life
Direct, Affinity
Other brands
Provide products from other than the three brands
*2 Based on research by Dai-ichi Life as of February 2018. The first product in the life insurance industry to provide discount for health checkup
result submission.
Life Plan Designers and around 1,300 unit offices throughout Japan. Moreover, the Group will continue to expand the network
of channels that customers can choose from and provide more information through the expansion of partnerships with other industries and national institutions.
Cross-Industry Collaboration
Nihon Chouzai Co. Matsumotokiyoshi Co. Rakuten Life Insurance Co.
Information Networks with Five National Institutions
■ Further reduction in premiums are applicable when certain health criteria are met, including smoking habits.
■ Premium calculated based on “Kenko Nenrei®*1 *1 Kenko Nenrei (Health Age) is a registered trademark of JMDC Inc.
Medical insurance
     Customers
Communities and society
 CONNECT
Business Group partners companies
Partnership Expansion
   Provide Products
 * Relationship manager (sales representative for corporate customers)
The Dai-ichi Life Group strives to create a rich and secure lifestyle and society, and seeks sustainable development together with local communities as a good corporate citizen. Going forward, we will continue contributing to the resolution of diverse local issues through our approximately 40,000 Total
Contributing to Resolve Local Issues
 TOPICS
Increasing Strategic Sales Offices
  Starting in fiscal 2018, we have been increasing strategic sales offices in the Tokyo metropolitan area, which has a high customer density, to provide sophisticated face-to-face consulting to more customers. Some of the tasks of such offices are centralized at head office organizations to streamline their operations at the same time.
    Partnerships with all 47 prefectures (agreements concluded)
Expanding initiatives in local communities
  National Center for Global Health
and Medicine
National Center for Child Health and Development
National Cerebral and Cardiovascular Center
National Center for Geriatrics and Gerontology
National Cancer Center Japan
      Sense of security in later life
Promote health for all
Stability through insurance
Building a safe and secure community
25 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 26
Sponsorship project for public marathons nationwide
Collaboration with diverse business partners
 Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section
Support for the Elderly
Children/ Education
Empowering Women
Disaster Prevention
Sports Promotion
Health Promotion
Vitalize Communities

     Where We Are and Our Strategy in the Market
CAGR 10%-20% Range
2020 objective
CAGR Approx. 20%
2020 objective
“CONNECT 2020” Strategy
In the overseas life insurance business, the Group will aim to resolve the social challenges each country faces and contribute to the stability of peoples’ lives through the life insurance business.
In developed markets where Protective and TAL operate, the Group will pursue diversification of channels and new growth opportunities with the aim of stable contribution to profit, while in emerging markets in Asia we will focus on the topline and aim to expand market share through enhancement of existing sales channels and collaboration with new business partners. Furthermore, the Group will promote efficient business development utilizing the knowledge and resources of Group companies in the region for new growth opportunities in the Asia market.
Value of New Business in the Overseas Life Insurance Business
Adjusted Profit in the Overseas Life Insurance Business
  In developed markets, such as North America, stable growth is expected through economic growth and other factors. Growth is expected to continue in the future for emerging markets in Asia and other regions due to high economic growth and increases in insurance penetration rates.
The Dai-ichi Life Group is building a portfolio in its overseas life insurance business that strikes a balance between stable contribution to profits in developed markets and positive impact of growth over the medium to long term in Asian emerging markets. The Group also strikes a balance
between its growth strategy and capital policy through its efforts in ERM* that take into account the growth stage and capital level of each company while aiming for profit growth over the medium to long term.
As a result of these efforts, the contribution of the overseas life insurance business to Group adjusted profit was approximately 20% in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
*Enterprise risk management (ERM) is an effort to increase capital efficiency and corporate value by formulating strategies according to profits, capital, and risks, taking into account the types and characteristics of the risks.
Developed Countries
Developed Markets
U.S.A.
2017
Medium to long-term outlook
2017
Medium to long-term outlook
      Overseas Life Insurance Business Strategy
Early Stage
Mekong Region (Cambodia, Myanmar)
Emerging Countries
         India
Indonesia
Developing Markets
Vietnam
Thailand
Australia
       Reflecting on Our Previous Medium-term Management Plan, “D-Ambitious”
    Growth Strategy
27 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 28
Gain pioneer advantage for growth in the future
Expand market share and core sales channels focusing on topline growth
Maintain sustainable growth
while driving profit growth in overseas life insurance business /Pursue new growth opportunities
Adjusted profit in the overseas life insurance business increased approximately three-fold compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015.
After joining the Dai-ichi Life Group, Protective completed two acquisitions. In addition, in fiscal 2017, Protective acquired an in-force block of individual life and annuity business from Liberty Life Assurance Company of Boston, the largest transaction in Protective’s history. TAL worked to develop a multi-channel strategy, and topped* the Australian life insurance (protection-type products) market for five consecutive years.
In emerging markets in Asia, we focused on business growth in each country, including expanding sales channels through alliances with Vietnam Post and the country’s leading banks by Dai-ichi Life Vietnam and capturing growth by increasing our shareholding ratio in Star Union Dai-ichi Life.
*Based on annualized net premium from in-force policies as of December 31, 2017.
Adjusted Profit in the Overseas Life Insurance Business
(Billions of yen)
Protective
TAL Other
75
50
25
0
     Capital Strategy
Invest limited capital
Invest capital to support growth
Generate cash flows and invest capital to seize opportunities for growth
      Fiscal 2014
Fiscal 2015
Fiscal 2016
Fiscal 2017
  Overseas Life Insurance Business
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

                                 “CONNECT 2020” Initiatives
Customers Communities and society
CONNECT
Expand market share focusing on topline growth by expanding core sales channels
 Customers Communities and society
CONNECT
Business Group partners companies
Protective
Continue to maintain sustainable growth and
drive profit growth of overseas life insurance business
Business partners
Group companies
      High profit growth based on its unique business model of yielding synergies between retail and acquisition business
Star Union Dai-ichi Life
Expanding bancassurance channel by strengthening partnerships
Star Union Dai-ichi Life aims to further grow the topline and earning capability through more collaboration with joint venture partners, strengthening of wholesalers, and training highly efficient staff in the sales representative (fixed salary) channel.
Panin Dai-ichi Life
Focus on increasing the number of individual agents and establishing and strengthening the over-the-counter sales model at banks
Panin Dai-ichi Life continues to further strengthen sales channels by expanding the roles of individual agents and improving training systems and activity management for sales staff in the bancassurance channel.
OCEAN LIFE
Reinforce individual agency channel by strengthening recruitment and training
OCEAN LIFE aims for sustainable growth through the creation of a platform for future growth that includes continuing to recruit and train new personnel for the individual agency channel, expanding capabilities of leaders to head the channel, and workplace development.
Prepare for commencing business in the Mekong region with promising medium- to long-term growth prospects
Protective operates its business across the U.S. and has achieved growth with a unique business model by which it generates capital through the retail business (life insurance and individual annuities) and expands its business by acquiring blocks of insurance business using the earnings from the retail business to realize sustainable growth.
Going forward, Protective will aim to further increase profit by strengthening and expanding new alliances and through new acquisitions.
Protective Business Model
Positive growth spiral Rational allocation of capital
Dai-ichi Life Vietnam
No.3 market share in terms of first year premium with above market growth
Dai-ichi Life Vietnam has steadily expanded its market share by strategic product development in line with the economic growth and lifestyle changes through the enhanced individual agency channel and newly developed alternative channel (post offices, banks). Going forward, Dai-ichi Life Vietnam will continue to aim for sustainable growth.
Developing the sales network throughout the country by exclusive distribution agreements
with Vietnam Post and local banks
   Retail business
Stable earnings stream
■ Improve profitability of existing channel (agents)
■ Opportunities in new channel (affinities*, direct) * Costco Wholesale, GEICO etc.
       Acquisition business
Inorganic growth and create scale
■ Accelerated growth through acquisitions after joining the Group ■ Accumulated investment since 2015 $1.9B (3 transactions)
Review opportunities relative to deployable capital
     TAL
 Maintaining leading position in the market by diversifying products and channels according to customer needs
TAL has promoted a strategy of specializing in protection-type products. It has maintained a leading position in terms of annualized in-force premiums in the Australian market for protection-type products since 2013 by efficiently combining retail, direct, and group sales channels.
Going forward, in addition to strengthening its sales channels, TAL will aim for solid growth by building better brand recognition, product diversification, and improvement in customer service.
TAL Sales Channels
  Stability
through insurance
Retail
■ Increase sales through advisor channel including commercial banks ■ Develop products serving the life cycle of customers
Customers Communities andsociety
CONNECT
Business Group partners companies
Developing markets
 Developed markets
 Early stage
  Group Insurance
■ Build long-term partnerships with existing groups
■ Develop business through launch of products in collaboration and cooperation with existing groups
In addition to having the advantages of being a pioneer through early entry into Mekong emerging countries with prospects for medium- to long-term economic growth and expansion in the life insurance market, we will promote efficient business operations by utilizing the knowledge and resources at our regional headquarters and Dai-ichi Life Vietnam, our Group company in the region, as we aim for further growth.
In March 2018, we established the first subsidiary for a Japanese life insurance group in Cambodia in preparation for commencing the life insurance business.
Myanmar
Representative office (Opened)
Vietnam
Thailand Cambodia
Subsidiary established (March 2018)
Utilizing resources of Dai-ichi Life Vietnam
In business Opened
     Direct
■ Continue affinities sales utilizing outside customer base (utilization of direct sales platform with Qantas Airways, etc.)
■ Increase sales with strategic partners using digital marketing
     29 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 30
 Overseas Life Insurance Business
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

 period of time in a stable manner. We also strive to increase Real estate profitability by flexibly allocating capital to risk assets by taking 3.1% market trends into account, but only after ensuring the
soundness of these assets. Loans
Government and corporate bonds
In addition, we are also focused on responsible investment 7.2% as an institutional investor based on its social responsibilities.
44.9%
Asset Management Initiatives
“CONNECT 2020” Strategies and Initiatives
Customers Communities and society
CONNECT
Business Group partners companies
Secure Stable Profitability
 Where We Are and Our Strategy in the Market
Dai-ichi Life conducts asset management with a focus on ALM Asset Portfolio (General Account) based on the nature of its insurance policies (insurance Cash deposits, call loans, and others liabilities), mainly investing in fixed-income assets in order to 6.2%
fulfill its obligation to pay out claims and benefits over a long
The domestic low-interest-rate environment is expected to continue for some time. In order to obtain stable profitability even in such an environment, we will accelerate the initiatives featured in our strategy in the market. We will also aim to enhance soundness by controlling risk through such means as using derivatives and other instruments to control duration, using AI to upgrade our systems for monitoring indications of market fluctuations, and building hedge positions against a hike in interest rates.
In addition, we will continue to enhance the effectiveness of our stewardship activities and seek to deepen responsible investment with sophisticated ESG investment that contributes to ensuring profitability and resolving social issues.
Through these initiatives, we will continue to meet the expectations of stakeholders by ensuring stable earnings power and soundness while we contribute to resolving social issues.
      As part of these efforts, we carry out stewardship activities that
aim to enhance the corporate value of investees and ESG
investment* that balances social responsibilities and profitability.
Stocks
Monetary easing / Low interest rate environment
Monetary tightening / Higher interest rates
Image provided by:
Veja Mate Offshore Project GmbH
● Accumulate bonds ● Lengthen duration
10.4%
March 31, 2018
● Flexible asset allocation under any given market circumstances
Risk assets Allocation based on market outlook
Fixed income Selective credit investment assets
● Continuous investment and lending in new areas Project finance, asset finance, etc.
● Planned reduction of market risk
Duration control using derivatives and others
  Improve accounting profit
 Risk control
   *ESG investment: An approach to investment that considers environmental, social and
corporate governance (ESG) criteria 28.1%
Foreign securities
 Image provided by: Sojitz Corporation
  Reflecting on Our Previous Medium-term Management Plan, “D-Ambitious”
While interest rates remain low in Japan, markets have become more volatile with the beginning of a rise in U.S. interest rates, election of President Trump, and the U.K.’s decision to leave the E.U. In such an environment, we worked to bolster earnings power and diversify risk through such means as increasing our scope of investment in foreign-cur- rency denominated bonds and expanding investment in project finance and other new and growing sectors. Through these initiatives, we marked the fifth consecutive year of positive spread.
In addition, with the aim of enhancing the effectiveness of our stewardship activities, we established a Responsible Investment Center and a Responsible Investment Committee in 2017. Moreover, starting in 2017, we reinforced our approach to upgrade our ESG investment, including the commencement of “impact investing” aimed at gaining profitability and creating social impact. These efforts have been highly praised, and in March 2018 we received the Japanese Ministry of the Environment’s “Principles for Financial Action towards a Sustainable Society Environment” Minister’s Award.
Enhance ALM
● AI monitors signs of change in markets, hedge against rate-hike
● Improve medium- to long-term portfolio simulation model in view of expected capital regulation
and contribution to product developments
   Promoting ESG Investments
Active ESG investments that contribute to sustainable development of society, while securing profitability
Contribute to society
     Investment in theme-type bonds of Multilateral Development Banks
Image provided by: Asian Development Bank
Renewable energy- related project finance
Image provided by: Eiwa Electric Power Co., Ltd.
“Impact investing” to create an impact on both profitability and society
Image provided by:CureApp, Inc.
“ESG Integration” to integrate ESG information into investment process
         31 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 32
  Asset Management Business
Dai-ichi Life’s Asset Management
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section
Financial ESG Information Information

   Asset Management Business
Asset Management Business
Where We Are and Our Strategy in the Market
“CONNECT 2020” Strategies and Initiatives
The asset management business at the Dai-ichi Life Group is carried out by Asset Management One, which we co-founded with Mizuho Financial Group in Japan, and Janus Henderson Group (Janus Henderson) in global markets, primarily the U.S.A. and the U.K.
The global asset management market is a huge market exceeding ¥9,000 trillion, and high growth in this market is expected to continue due to rising retirement needs in developed countries and economic growth in emerging countries.
Through its entry into the asset management business, the Dai-ichi Life Group aims to benefit from the high market growth prospects and high profitability of asset management companies. In addition, we are pursuing unique Group synergies by providing expertise and advanced asset management capabilities of asset management companies to Group life insurance companies in Japan and overseas, accepting funds for management, co-developing products and other efforts.
Customers Communities and society
CONNECT
Accelerate Profit Contribution by Maximizing Integration Synergies
In anticipation of the completion of post-merger integration, Asset Management One and Janus Henderson, which were launched through their respective management integrations, will shift to the stage of achieving synergies from this integration and aim for profit growth going forward.
In May 2018, the Company completed the conversion of Janus Henderson into an affiliated company, and going forward we will continue to benefit from the high profit growth at both Asset Management One and Janus Henderson, and the two companies will expand their profit contribution to the Group.
We will also work to strengthen collaboration between the companies, including the mutual use of investment products and sales channels, the expansion of cross-selling of mutual funds, and the commencement of co-development of investment products. In addition, we will increase the provision of competitive asset management capabilities and solutions to Group life insurance companies in Japan and overseas, as we continue further accelerating initiatives aimed at Group synergies.
 Business partners
Group companies
 We expect a significant increase in the adjusted profit of the asset management business by maximizing integration effects, including the creation of Group synergies, to drive profit growth for the Dai-ichi Life Group as a whole. We will also aim for further growth over the medium- to long-term.
Adjusted Profit
in the Asset Management Business
 Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section
History of the Asset Management Business
  Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd. Mizuho Asset Management Co., Ltd. Shinko Asset Management Co., Ltd.
2012: Business alliance and investment
March 31, 2018 Assets under management
Significant Increase
     Japan
U.S.A. Europe
¥57trillion* March 31, 2018
2017
2020 objective
Medium- to long-term outlook
 1999: Launched
October 2016: Management integration
      Assets under management
Customers Communities and society
CONNECT
Social Value We Create through Contribution to Improving Quality of Life
 *Total assets under management translated into yen using the exchange rate as of March 31, 2018
We will aim to increase the social value we create through meeting the needs of even more customers for asset formation, and contributing to improving quality of life by creating a
stronger connection between the two companies in the asset management business and Group companies in the life insurance business in Japan and overseas.
Coverage needs
Reflecting on Our Previous Medium-term Management Plan, “D-Ambitious”
Role of Asset Management Business
May 2017:
Management integration
¥40 trillion*
Business partners
Group companies
    With the launch of Asset Management One and Janus Henderson, the asset management business at the Dai-ichi Life Group developed into a trilateral structure (Japan, the U.S.A., and Europe), which can benefit from the growth prospects in the world’s leading markets.
We also steadily expanded Group synergies, including increasing the provision of asset management capabilities to Dai-ichi Life and Dai-ichi Frontier Life and commencing the provision of asset management capabilities to Protective in the U.S.A. As an example of these synergies, assets under management in the separate account, co-developed by Asset Management One and Dai-ichi Life, have continued to increase steadily.
Separate Account Balance Fund II (introduced in 2014) Separate Account Hybrid Bond Fund (introduced in 2017) Separate Account Pension Liability Fund (introduced in 2017)
(Billions of yen)
600 400 200
0
Separate Account Bond Fund (introduced in 2016)
Offer insurance products
Trends in Assets under Management (Dai-ichi Life, Separate Account Products)
Customers
Asset formation needs
     Offer investment products (Mutual funds, etc.)
Sense of security in later life
Domestic Life Insurance Business
Overseas Life Insurance Business
■ Offer competitive investment solutions
■ Offer competitive investment solutions
■ Co-development products for the separate account with Dai-ichi Life
  Total approximately ¥500.0 billion
Provide investment capabilities
Asset Management Business
Mutual use of investment products and sales channels
Dai-ichi Life Group
            End of fiscal 2014
End of fiscal 2015
End of fiscal 2016
End of fiscal 2017
 33 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 34
Stability through insurance

 Driving Innovation
The Group refers to initiatives for creating unique innovation in the life insurance business as “InsTech,” representing a combination of the insurance business and technology, and promotes group-wide initiatives of strategic importance.
  Analysis and Utilization of Medical Big Data
The Group has reviewed underwriting standards based on analysis of medical big data. As a result, it now underwrites approximately 12,000 additional policies a year, which is approximately 1% of Dai-ichi Life’s new policies). In addition, the Group has developed new products and services based on the results of analysis of medical big data, such as Kenko Nenrei®* (Health Age) and medical examination discounts.
Going forward, the Dai-ichi Life Group aims to contribute to improving quality of life and promoting extension of a healthy life span using big data analysis.
Offer new products and services while insurance coverage is offered to more people through the analysis of medical big data from internal and external resources
More User Friendly and Higher Productivity Through Innovation
The Group is working to increase convenience for customers by digitalization of various administrative processes and to raise productivity by introducing RPA* and AI technologies. Through these initiatives and other measures such as work-style reform, the Group will shift human resources equivalent to 2,100 personnel into growth sectors over the next five years.
*RPA: Robotic process automation
Significant improvements in convenience and productivity through digitalization of user interface, automation of back office operation
Tapping into the health care domain closely affiliated with life insurance
Dai-ichi Life Innovation Lab Outside Partners, etc.
Offer value to senior age group
Driving Innovation
The Group is picking up the pace in innovation to create new markets and hone its competitive edge instead of simply enhancing the current business model and engaging in price competition. In April 2018, the Group established the Dai-ichi
Life Innovation Lab in Shibuya, Tokyo, and Silicon Valley, U.S., as part of its efforts to create markets and create new demand by providing new added value in the healthcare domain and domains that target the senior age group by repeatedly conducting small-scale proof-of-concept studies in a flexible manner.
Pursue creation of new social value focusing on three main areas: Expansion of insurance business domain, tapping into the health care domain closely affiliated with life insurance, and offer value to senior age group
 Development of cutting-edge technology
Reinsurance
Non-life Asset Insurance Management for Niche Markets
Expansion of insurance business domain
Admin. Stability through Services Insurance
  Healthcare Platform
 Big Data Analysis
 New Structure and Partnership
 2017
2020
Paper Usage 450k
Promote health for all
Stability through Insurance
2018
Development of cutting-edge technology
Stability through Insurance
Digitalization
Now
Processing by RPA (Number of Tasks)
80 tasks Now
Development of cutting-edge technology
Tele-medicine
Promote health for all
Advanced Medical Care and Rehabilitation
Disease Prevention
Nursing Care
Smart cities
Education and Job Support
Sense of security in later life
Dai-ichi Life Innovation Lab Silicon Valley
   Paper Usage 1,030k
Building a safe
and secure community
   Currently treating diabetes or high blood pressure, rheumatoid
arthritis, chronic nephritis, bronchial asthma, arrhythmia, spinal cord injury
Paper Usage 3,000k
 Digital 1,970k
Digital 2,550k
85%
     2020 2022
2020 2022
Strengthen global collaboration and actively adopt cutting-edge technology from overseas by establishing labs in Tokyo and Silicon Valley
Dai-ichi Life Innovation Lab Tokyo
      Increase the possibility of insurance coverage
   2,000 tasks
3,000 tasks
    Medical insurance (Neo First Life) JUST
  “Kenko Nenrei®*” (Health Age)
Health Check-up Discount
 Improvement in Productivity (Including Work-style Reform)
 Development of new products & services
 Research of cutting-edge analysis technology (e.g. AI)
 *Kenko Nenrei (Health Age) is a registered trademark of JMDC Inc.
1-2 years 3 years
5 years
Hundreds
Around 1,000
2,100 talented personnel
35 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 36
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

 Capital Policies and ERM
We ensure adequate capital levels and improve capital efficiency through disciplined allocation of capital for sustainable enhancement of corporate value.
Maintaining and Improving Financial Soundness
The Dai-ichi Life Group controls financial soundness by integrating various risks and measuring it against shareholders’ equity and other figures on an economic value, an accounting and regulations basis.
During fiscal 2017, in order to improve financial soundness, the Group worked on increasing capital levels by accumulating profits through business activities and controlling risk assets.
The Group also continually refined its risk management indicators given that new capital regulations on internationally active insurance groups are currently under consideration.
Taking advantage of the grace period until the introduction of international capital regulations, the Group will aim for an economic solvency ratio (ESR) that is stable in the 170–200% range over a medium- to long-term time framework through disciplined risk control.
Shareholder Return Policy
For fiscal 2017, shareholder dividends were 50 yen per share, an increase of 7 yen from the previous fiscal year. Together with the repurchase of the Company’s shares (up to 39.0 billion yen) announced on May 15, 2018, we expect to achieve a total payout ratio of 40%, which was set out as our objective for the term of our previous medium-term management plan, D-Ambitious. In addition, shareholder dividends have increased for five consecutive fiscal years, and the repurchase of the Company’s shares has been initiated for four years in a row.
Going forward, stable payment of dividends is our basic direction for shareholder returns. The Group seeks to maintain a total payout ratio of 40% based on adjusted group profit, while aiming to enhance shareholder payout through profit growth. We will determine yearly dividends by taking into account factors including our financial results, the market environment and any regulatory changes. We intend to examine whether to repurchase shares by taking into account factors including our financial results and capital position.
Tatsusaburo Yamamoto Managing Executive Officer Corporate Planning Unit
Approach to Capital Policies
The Dai-ichi Life Group practices enterprise risk management (ERM). ERM is a means of appropriately controlling risk and ensuring financial soundness, while improving capital efficiency and enhancing corporate value by allocating capital to businesses that promise higher profits.
During fiscal 2017, despite factors such as the improvement in the monetary and economic environment in Japan and overseas, there were also adverse conditions that included the persistent low-interest-rate environment accompa- nying the negative interest rate policy in Japan and mounting global geopolitical risk. Moreover, the environment surrounding the Group has been drastically changing with intensified global competition to create new value with the advances in cutting-edge technologies and new entrants to the insurance business from other industries among other factors.
Especially because we are in an era of such radical change, the Group will aim for sustainable enhancement of corporate value by further strengthening initiatives based on our ERM framework to ensure adequate capital levels and improve capital efficiency through disciplined allocation of capital. In addition, we will continue to maintain and enhance our financial soundness given that new capital regulations on internationally active insurance groups are under consideration.
Improving Capital Efficiency
The Group aims to achieve capital efficiency that is higher than the Group’s cost of capital and aims to realize an average of at least 8% EV growth (RoEV) over the medium- to long-term.
The Group appropriately manages capital allocation considering cost of capital. For fiscal 2017, initiatives included using derivative transactions to reduce interest rate risk primarily at Dai-ichi Life, investment in the InsTech field, and the acquisition of in-force blocks of individual insurance and annuities in the United States by Protective Life in addition to accumulation of value of new business.
As a result of these efforts, looking at Group EEV as of March 31, 2010 through March 31, 2018, the annualized average rate of change in EV over the eight-year period since our demutualization stands at 11.5%, achieving our medium- to long-term vision of at least 8%.
Capital Base of the Dai-ichi Life Group
Subordinated debts
Contingency reserve and price fluctuation reserve (Billions of yen)
Additional policy reserve Shareholders’ equity
Shareholder Payout History
Cash dividend per share (Yen)
4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
0
100 75 50 25
30
Share repurchase 15 billion yen
28
30
Share repurchase 16 billion yen
35
35
Share repurchase 23 billion yen
43
Total payout ratio* 40 (%)
40
Share 30 repurchase
39 billion yen
50
           March 31, 2014
March 31, 2015
March 31, 2016
March 31, 2017
March 31, 2018
18 20
20
10
 Dai-ichi Life Group’s Economic Solvency Ratio (ESR)
00 Fiscal 2013 Fiscal 2014 Fiscal 2015 Fiscal 2016 Fiscal 2017 (E)
* Total payout ratio = (total dividends to shareholders + total amount of the Company's share repurchase) / Group adjusted profit (consolidated adjusted net income up to Fiscal 2015)
Economic solvency ratio based on economic value (%)
    Improving Capital Efficiency and Corporate Value through ERM Practices
Profit
200 150 100
50
0
147
March 31, 2015
151*
132 98
170
March 31, 2018
 Disciplined capital allocation management
Capital allocation manage- ment
Generate capital and cash flow
  Accumulation of value of new business
 Control risk based on market environment
Shareholder returns and internal reserves
  Shareholder returns (stable payment of dividends + flexible share repurchase)
 Maintain and improve financial soundness and enhance capital
 High capital efficiency and reallocation of capital to growth sectors
          Capital efficiency (RoEV of at least 8%)
Capital
Risk- return
Risk
March 31, 2016
March 31, 2017
  37
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 38
* From March 31, 2017, reflects expected rate of return on asset portfolio in valuation of insurance liabilities
  Financial soundness (ESR 170–200%)
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section
Optimal balance

  Risk Management
We will improve financial soundness and enhance corporate value through proactive risk management that captures the essence of
life insurance.
Diversity and Inclusion
By respecting each other, learning from each other, growing together,
we will realize innovation and new value creation through the steps of 70,000 employees.
Hisashi Takada Executive Officer
Risk Management Unit
Promotion of ERM and Risk Management
The Dai-ichi Life Group practices enterprise risk management (ERM), which is an approach to improve financial soundness and enhance corporate value at the same time. While appropriate risk management is essential to achieve steady enhancement of corporate value, improvement in financial soundness of the Group cannot be achieved without steady enhancement of corporate value.
The Group engages in risk management focused on its goal of achieving steady enhancement of the Group’s corporate value and always keeps in mind that resolving social issues from a customer perspective will lead to sustainable enhancement in the Dai-ichi Life Group’s corporate value and ultimately lead to improvement of the financial soundness of the Group.
In addition, the Dai-ichi Life Group has set out a Risk Appetite Policy, stipulating its position on risk taking for each risk category.
Based on the Risk Appetite Policy, the Group controls market risks while taking insurance risks under appropriate pricing and product strategy, and has also formulated strategies with the idea of actively engaging in growth markets in Japan and overseas.
Approach to Risk Management in the Dai-ichi Life Group
For risk management, it is important to understand the essence of the life insurance products offered to customers through the life insurance business.
A life insurance product has various characteristics that differ from other financial products. For example, it is a super-long-term product with an insurance term of several decades or more, and there are uncertainties involving cash flows that fluctuate with mortality rates and morbidity rates. Moreover, protection-type products require efforts to identify latent customer needs and are premised on building a group of insured persons to a certain scale.
The practice of risk management with a correct
understanding of the Dai-ichi Life Group’s business character- istics and revenue and expenditure structure, which is set against the background of these characteristics of life insurance, is important for risk management in the Group.
Furthermore, in today’s rapidly changing environment surrounding the insurance business, forward-looking, proactive risk management is essential. For example, in order to ensure success of important projects that have a material impact on the Group, such as M&A or development of new products, we take a risk management approach from the planning stage. In cooperation with the department that is responsible for the project, we manage risk in parallel with the project’s progress.
Identifying Material Risks
The Dai-ichi Life Group engages in appropriate risk manage- ment that begins from early signs of risks by identifying foreseeable risks that could have a major impact on our business and formulating business plans that take these risks into account.
Material Risks for the Dai-ichi Life Group
Sumie Watanabe Executive Officer Human Resources Unit
The Dai-ichi Life Group must also have diverse talents and capable organization to anticipate diversifying customer values and needs as well as various local challenges in order to deliver products and services that truly delight customers and contribute to local communities. In this sense, the Group promotes diversity and inclusion with the objective to improve job satisfaction of each employee. Thus, implementing systems and work-style reforms that enable diverse work styles to be integrated with corporate culture and working environment to allow every single employee to utilize his/her unique individuality and to contribute in his/her own way in a good health and vitality.
Every single employee will benefit from work-style reform,
human capital development, and promotion of diversity and inclusion and make them part of their daily work with respect for others. A single step of progress of an individual employee could be relatively small, but the steps forward of 70,000 employees can create an impact that leads to innovation and new value creation.
“Respecting each other, learning from each other, growing together”
Going forward, we will aim to be a global insurance group that continues to be chosen in Japan and globally while diverse individualities of our employees shine through the entire Dai-ichi Life Group to achieve value-creating synergies.
            1. Significant deterioration in financial markets (large fall in interest rates, etc.)
2. Major disaster (major earthquakes, pandemics, etc.)
3. Inability to adjust to changes in the environment
(falling population, changes in customer needs, etc.)
4. Brand damage arising from cyber-attacks, system failures, etc.
5. Inadequate regulatory capital and decline in competitiveness associated with regulatory changes
 39 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 40
Empowerment of women
Protect rights of workers
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

Diversity and Inclusion
Global Diversity
Developing Global Human Capital and Accelerating Group Synergies
Promoting the Achievements of Female Employees
Creating a Workplace Environment and Developing Human Capital to Allow Employees to Achieve their Full Potential
Promoting Active Participation of Employees with Disabilities
Promoting Active Participation by Older Employees
Long-standing Experience and Skills Are Assets for Company
Achieving Normalization
     The Group has strengthened the development of global human capital with various initiatives, including capacity development through the Global Human Capital Development Programs and the intake of foreign students to secure and develop highly competitive human capital from a global perspective. In addition, we regularly hold conferences and training where overseas Group companies come together to engage in level- and function-specific networking and share best practices with the aim to create Group-wide synergies.
Global Human Capital Development Programs
The Group promotes initiatives based on three main themes, which are “transforming awareness and culture,” “enhancing skill development,” and “promoting work-life balance.” The Group makes particular efforts to develop next-generation female leaders and strives to transform the awareness of female management candidates through the direct involvement of executives in development and the provision of female role models in senior positions. Going forward, we have established a target to increase the percentage of female employees in managerial positions to “more than 25% of all managerial positions during the term of the Medium-term Management Plan” and to “30% by the 2020s,” and we will continue to promote development and establishment of female leaders.
Training and Development System for Next-generation Female Leaders
The Group proactively employs people with disabilities and create a comfortable working environment for them. The Group employs 965 people with disabilities nationwide.
(As of June 2018, employees with disabilities make 2.2% of our total workforce.)
Certified “Company Empowering the Disabled” (Dai-ichi Life Challenged) (2017)
The Group has created systems targeting not only those who are currently employed but also employees after retirement age to allow motivated and capable human capital with experience and skills developed over many years to actively contribute. As part of our career support system for middle-aged and older employees and assistance with post-retirement re-employment, the Group has also established a support program (Master Challenge Program) to enhance experience and skills prior to retirement age leading to smooth re-employment following retirement.
Improving Employees’ Quality of Life
Promoting Work-Life Balance
  Promoting LGBT Understanding
LGBT Friendly
 General Manager
  Manager
Assistant Manager
Associate (includes Chief Associate)
Group Initiative Taskforce (GITF)
 Global Talent
Exchange (GTEX)
Global Challenge Club Global On-the-Job (OJT) Training
Global
Talent Seeds (GTS)
Overseas Graduate Study and Trainee Program (Career Challenge Program)
Global Pool Assessment (GPA)
Global Leadership Program (GLP)
 Global Management Skills Development Program
Short-term Foreign
 Student Program
     Level
  General Manager
  Line Manager
Training and Development system
 President’s Seminar
 Seminar for the Next Generation of Female Managers
   Manager
Strengthening of Human Capital Development at Department Level for Developing Line Managers
  Assistant Manager
Number of Female Executi6ve Officers Includes two
internally promoted executive officers
Percentage of Female Managers
April 2018 25.2%
In addition to clearly laying out respect for basic human rights in the Dai-ichi Life Human Rights Declaration, we push forward initiatives aimed at becoming an LGBT-friendly company, including promoting employee understand- ing through training and seminars and expanding eligibility for benefits like paid leaves and accommodation allowance.
At the Dai-ichi Life Group, the two main pillars to promote initiatives are our Family-Friendly System (measures to support work-life balance) and work-style reform. In addition to encouraging strategic utilization of measures to support the balance between work and private affairs and promoting
Development of Next- Generation Female Leaders
     41 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 42
Commitments by Executives
  * Total for the Company, including three domestic life insurance companies (Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Frontier Life, and Neo First Life)
Top Gold Rating on PRIDE Index Evaluation of LGBT Initiatives (2017)
teleworking, we are striving to enhance awareness of diverse work styles through the implementation of training like training on unconscious bias for managers as well as other measures.
Health & Productivity Stock Selection (2015)
Platinum “Kurumin” certification(2015)
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section
Development support by female senior leadership (role model)

 Post-merger Integration of Protective Life
Corporation Starting to Bring Various
Synergistic Effects
The Dai-ichi Life Group has been working on the post-merger integration (PMI) with Protective Life Corporation since acquiring the company in 2015. Seiji Inagaki, president and representative director of Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc., and Richard Bielen, president and chief executive officer of Protective Life Corporation, recently sat down to discuss the results from Protective Life Corporation joining the Dai-ichi Life Group as well as the Group’s future growth strategy.
of experience, we recognized that joining a worldwide financial group would make us financially stronger. We also saw value in being backed by a strong brand.
In terms of corporate culture, too, there are many aspects that resonate with us. As with Protective, Dai-ichi Life is a life insurance company with more than 100 years in the business, and its management focuses on a long-term perspective. Dai-ichi Life’s long-standing “customer-first” management philosophy and commitment to be “by your side, for life” and provide customers with long-term security and peace of mind resonated with Protective’s management team.
Inagaki We welcomed Protective to the Dai-ichi Life Group as a subsidiary in 2015, and I feel like the PMI process has gone very smoothly.
Bielen This is because Protective saw from the very beginning that we were welcomed openly as a new member of the Group; not purely as an investment vehicle for Dai-ichi Life. Since becoming a member of the Group, Protective has seen a number of new growth opportunities emerge.
Various synergistic effects giving rise to new growth platforms
Inagaki One of the favorable results of Protective joining the Dai-ichi Life Group is its contribution to our bottom line. Protective reported adjusted profit of approximately 35 billion yen in the year ended March 2018, and now the
overseas life insurance business accounts for about 20% of the Group’s adjusted profit.
Bielen From our perspective, the greatest result has been the major improvement in how we are evaluated externally now that we have become a member of a multinational corporation. With a stronger financial base, our financial flexibility has increased, which now places us in a position to examine major acquisitions that would have been very challenging when we were a standalone company.
Actually, since joining the Dai-ichi Life Group, Protective has completed three acquisitions. From first-hand experience, I feel that our ability to achieve this growth through M&A has made it possible for Protective to contribute to Dai-ichi Life Group’s overall profit growth. Inagaki One other major achievement is that we have learned a great deal and established new growth platforms since welcoming Protective to the Group because of its distinctive businesses in the U.S. market. This can be viewed as the greatest yield in the sense of creating a foundation for becoming a company that can compete on the global stage.
There have been many synergistic effects, which have been greater than expected. One example is that we have established an innovation lab in Silicon Valley with direct access to leading venture companies. We are now moving forward with full-fledged discussions with local emerging companies in the U.S. so that new services and technologies can be rolled out here in Japan. Additionally, through this expansion into Silicon Valley, we are
Richard Bielen
President and Chief Executive Officer, Protective Life Corporation
Aiming for growth in global markets together as partners who share common values
Inagaki Japan’s life insurance industry finds itself in a challenging business climate given the acceleration in the country’s declining birthrate and aging population and ongoing low-interest-rate policy. Dai-ichi Life has actively worked on diversification in business and operating regions, with the aim of further reinforcing our business foundations. Over the past 10 years, we have established a three-pronged life insurance group in Japan after opening Dai-ichi Frontier Life and Neo First Life. At the same time, we have expanded our operations in the Asia-Pacific region with an eye on growing to become a
Seiji Inagaki
President and Representative Director, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
truly global group of companies.
A major milestone in our overseas expansion was
our entry into the U.S. market, which is the largest life insurance market in the world. Due to the intense competition in this market, it was extremely challenging for the Dai-ichi Life Group to establish a business foundation that fits the Group’s strategy. Given this situation, we looked at Protective Life Corporation as a candidate partner, which offers an excellent business model in terms of originality and strategy, not to mention it has a history of more than 100 years in the U.S. life insurance industry. Bielen The approach from Dai-ichi Life about an acquisition was also welcomed by Protective. While we had been a publicly traded company for many years and both our management team and employees have a wealth
43 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 44
Special Feature Post-merger Integration at Protective Life
 Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

 speeding up Insurance Technology (InsTech) initiatives focused on expanding the Dai-ichi Life Group’s products and services as well as transforming the way we operate. Bielen Protective feels the same way about access to new areas of technology. We had discussed partnership opportunities with Silicon Valley companies before Dai-ichi Life’s acquisition proposal, but have found that as a member of Dai-ichi Life Group, we can leverage the merits of scale in the exploration and research of new areas of technology. This is another achievement of the acquisition that I would like to emphasize.
I feel another major advantage is that Protective is now able to approach new initiatives aimed at long-term growth, since we are now able to benefit from the strong support of the Dai-ichi Life Group. Protective is now working on operational improvements in various areas, including expanding customer services and agent support, development of a platform in direct channels, and the simplification of underwriting using big data, to name
a few.
The common value of “respecting each other, learning from each other, growing together” as a basic tenet of Group management
Bielen The policy of Dai-ichi Life Holdings to empower local management has been a major factor facilitating the efficient execution of business by Protective even after we joined the Group. Our speed of decision making at the senior management level hasn’t changed since joining the Group.
Inagaki Protective’s Board of Directors has a wealth of experience and is quite diverse. I really respect the management decisions made there. Our policy to entrust operations to management teams in each country is the same for all of our Group companies, regardless of region. Chairman Watanabe, who pursued overseas M&A, presented the basic stance of Group management based on “respecting each other, learning from each other, growing together.” I feel like our philosophy fits into this statement concisely. Life insurance is a highly localized business, and I feel that in terms of Group governance the best option is to have excellent systems developed in each country.
Bielen I appreciate such a policy. Protective’s growth strategy is centered on a virtuous cycle involving our retail lines and acquisitions. We have achieved strong growth by acquiring the in-force blocks of other life insurance companies as a way of effectively increasing the scale of our retail lines. When it comes to acquisitions, it is vital
diversity of thought and experience in Protective and across the group. I believe one aspect of how we contribute to this is through our partnerships with different industries. For example, in our relationship with Costco Wholesale Corporation, we have achieved excellent results by selling directly to Costco members online. This relationship is extremely rare in the U.S. life insurance industry, and it also highlights how we are addressing the trend of digitalization.
Inagaki This is precisely the story that we are looking for. While all of our Group companies have been working on the challenge of securing sales and distribution channels that efficiently open up relationships with new customers, Group companies reflect such precedents in their own initiatives. Going forward, I believe that continuing to share knowledge and know-how between Group companies through venues such as the Global Management Conference, where management from our Group companies gather, will become a major strength of the entire Group.
Bielen Protective has grown with a virtuous cycle at retail lines and acquisitions, and we have a team dedicated to acquisitions. This team has established its own unique approach to acquisitions along with accumulating a great deal of experience and know-how. I believe if we can share this with Group companies in other regions, taking into account the characteristics of each market, it will be extremely beneficial for the growth of the Group.
Inagaki I couldn’t agree more. The Dai-ichi Life Group entered the period covered by its new medium-term
management plan called CONNECT 2020 in fiscal 2018. In the overseas life insurance business, we will work to achieve sustained growth with a balanced business portfolio that combines steady profit growth in Protective and developed-country markets with revenue growth in the emerging markets of Asia. I have high expectations that the overseas insurance business will be a major driver behind our growth.
Bielen Protective will also seek out new and greater synergistic effects so that we can achieve the targets of CONNECT 2020. I look forward to building a strong relationship as a good partner to Dai-ichi Life Group.
 that decisions can be made swiftly.
Inagaki As for Protective’s acquisitions, we trust and respect President Bielen’s leadership and the wealth of experience of local employees. Of course, we are always monitoring the situation, including the results of due diligence on acquisition candidates and information concerning deals that did not materialize. We have also established rigorous decision-making rules based on the value of a deal, including a hurdle rate.
Bielen I believe “trust” and “transparency” represent the key words symbolizing the relationship between operating company and holding company. We report and seek advice in a prompt manner about various forms of information necessary for governance, such as business strategy and appointment of officers. Resolutions by Protective’s Board of Directors are reported regularly to the holding company, and I travel to Japan three to four times a year to meet face-to-face with the holding company’s management team.
Inagaki I believe that we will need to develop a global governance system in the future. The next step will be to hold discussions with Mr. Bielen as well as the top management of TAL in Australia and Dai-ichi Life Vietnam, to gather local information from each Group company for use in the Group’s strategy.
Achieve further growth by expanding business overseas
Inagaki My desire is to achieve further growth globally through the mutual utilization of knowledge, know-how, and resources of Group companies. Protective has been providing a great amount of knowledge and know-how for creating new business ideas to the Group.
Bielen We have a shared interest in creating more
  Protective continues to grow with its distinctive business model
More than 110 years in the life insurance business
Founded in 1907, Protective has been in the life insurance business for more than 110 years. Headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, the company has operations in all 50 states and approximately 8.3 million policies in force (as of April 2018).
 Growth via a virtuous cycle involving the retail lines and acquisitions
Protective has established a distinctive business model that combines the retail lines (life insurance and annuities) and acquisitions. The company has successfully completed 56 acquisitions (as of May 2018) since the 1970s as part of its aggressive acquisitions of in-force blocks of life insurance and annuities. Protective continues to grow by efficiently allocating capital for new M&A opportunities.
Annuities 33%
Stable Value 16%
Asset Protection 4%
Pre-tax Adjusted Operating Income
$643
mil.
Life Marketing 8%
Acquisitions 39%
       Fiscal 2017 results (Excludes the Corporate & Other segment)
45 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 46
Special Feature
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

      Balanced Board of Directors Composition for Making
Appropriate Management Decisions
     Corporate Governance
Improving corporate governance and risk management
       49 Outside Directors’ Discussion
53 Leadership
57 Corporate Governance Structure
59 Framework That Supports Corporate Governance
62 For Stakeholders
63 Internal Control System
     Fair, Timely and Appropriate Disclosure and Responsible Dialog
Structure to Ensure Objective and Transparent Management
 History of Corporate Governance
  Organization and Management Structure
Enhancement of Corporate Governance
Advancement into CSR Management (Improvement of
the Corporate Brand)
2005 2006
Demutualization
Evolution to DSR Management
2010 2011
Introduction of Stock Remuneration-type Stock Options
 Initiation of Management Quality Improvement Activities
1998
Received the Japan Quality Award
Commencement of Overseas Life Insurance Business
2007
Shift to a Holding Company Structure
2016
Transition to a Company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee
More than one-third of the Board of Directors Consist of Outside Directors
     2001
2002
2004
2012 2013
2014
2015
Announcement of the Corporate Governance Policy
2018
Introduction of a Stock Remuneration Scheme using Restricted Stocks
             47 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 48
Appointment of Outside Director
Introduction of Executive Officer System
Introduction of Corporate Performance Remuneration
Formation of
an Advisory Board
Appointment of Female Outside Director
Self-evaluation Regarding
the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors through self-assessment survey
Announcement of Independence Standards for Outside Directors
Establishment of Nominations Committee and Remuneration Committee
(Currently, Nominations Advisory Committee and Remuneration Advisory Committee)
    Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section
 
 Back row, left to right:
Front row, left to right:
Ungyong Shu
Outside Director
(Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Koichi Masuda
Outside Director
(Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
George Olcott
Outside Director
Rieko Sato
Outside Director
(Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Koichi Maeda
Outside Director
Yuriko Inoue
Outside Director
Outside Directors’ Discussion
Enhancing the Effectiveness of Governance and Accelerating Growth Strategies
Our outside directors gathered to discuss the roles they played
in the formulation of the new medium-term management plan
and on future challenges aimed at strengthening corporate governance.
Assessment of the New Medium-term Management Plan CONNECT 2020
──As an outside director, how do you view the new medium-term management plan, CONNECT 2020, announced this spring?
Olcott: First, I would like to praise the plan’s formulation process. In many cases, top-level decision making at Japanese companies involves the execution side simply submitting a proposal to the Board of Directors for approval. However, for this medium-term management plan, deliberations involving the Board of Directors were held on two or three occasions from the drafting stage. The fact that I was able to participate in these discussions made me feel like I contributed to the decision-making process to some extent.
Maeda: I agree. The draft plan was reviewed from various angles during the many discussions held from about one year prior to the finalization of the new medium-term management plan. Discussions were based on the overarching theme of growth strategies aimed at 2020. Ultimately, the plan was compiled after incorporating the views of us outside officers as well. I found this to be a valuable process as a means of formulating the plan.
Sato: We really spent a long period of time discussing the plan. There were even meetings that convened only outside directors. In addition to Dai-ichi Life Holdings’ outside directors, the outside officers of Dai-ichi Life were also asked to provide feedback. This led to discussions on the perspective needed for formulating the medium-term management plan.
Masuda: I was elected outside director after we transitioned to a holding company structure so I was very interested in how
   the medium-term management plan would be discussed under the new corporate structure as a company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee. As all of you have noted, the decision-making process used this time was extremely good. I was able to participate in fundamental talks such as whether to make it a three-year or five-year plan. Discussions revealed a great deal about the direction of the Dai-ichi Life Group and future challenges.
Maeda: Since its demutualization, the Dai-ichi Life Group has laid out new axes of business aimed at moving to the next step. The previous medium-term management plan focused on building a foundation for the three growth engines built of domestic life insurance, overseas life insurance, and asset management. This time around, the plan positions us to achieve sustainable growth based on this foundation.
Shu: Since its listing, the Dai-ichi Life Group has promoted a strategy of expanding from Japan into international markets. To continue implementing this strategy, it is important that we reinforce our domestic business. In other words, it is important that we maintain and expand the profitability of our domestic business autonomously. The new medium-term management plan also focuses on this aspect. I find it to be a plan carefully crafted based on this awareness.
Sato: I recall that the concept of the medium-term manage- ment plan known as CONNECT was presented from the execution side during the course of discussions. This word carries with it many meanings, such as connecting with customers using a customer-first approach, connecting with sales partners such as agencies and banks, and connecting with untapped customer segments. This word aptly expresses the aim of harnessing all the strengths of the Dai-ichi Life Group.
Shu: I understand CONNECT to mean the act of solidifying
 49 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 50
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

Outside Directors’ Discussion
the markets and management resources the Dai-ichi Life Group has established to date. The word CONNECT is the right word for stakeholders to understand our approach of re-utilizing the new experiences and know-how gained through previous strategies in new fields. This includes new resources gained from M&A of overseas companies and reaching new customer segments by diversifying our sales channels in the domestic market.
Inoue: I was not directly involved in the formulation process because I was just appointed outside director this June, but before this I served on the Company’s Advisory Board, and was shown a copy of the plan’s original draft. The one aspect that caught my attention was that the new medium-term management plan aims to promote InsTech and create innovation through big data analysis and other means. The creation of an ecosystem that delivers benefits to both users and business partners alike, with a platform that utilizes data collected through collaboration with different sectors in various industries, represents a new convention of management strategy. I believe this approach has high affinity with the life insurance industry. For this reason, I have high hopes for the Dai-ichi Life Group’s future initiatives.
Initiatives for Strengthening Corporate Governance
──Are you aware of any challenges facing the Dai-ichi Life Group in terms of corporate governance?
Olcott: One challenge is the governance of overseas Group companies acquired through M&A. The Dai-ichi Life Group is
forward, I think we should continue to take a quicker approach to post-merger integration and actively incorporate the management of acquired companies.
Maeda: I have seen a number of business acquisitions over the years. I have found that Dai-ichi Life Holdings looks very carefully at the people and the target company, which why I believe M&A has been carried out well so far. Over the next three years, we will take the time to complete a new foundation by examining these deals from various perspectives. This includes the synergies produced in our core business using the business foundations acquired through M&A, linkages with new business creation, solutions that can be utilized mutually in Japan and overseas, implementation of governance, and utilizing the human capital of acquired companies globally.
Shu: People inside the company build their career in the same culture and consider strategy along the lines of what has been the usual approach. This tends to result in discussions converging on the same direction. The ability to raise questions that may have not yet been considered is an essential role of outside directors.
Sato: I agree. Speaking frankly about questions is meaningful because you can present a completely different, outside perspective to inside directors and the execution side.
Shu: I would like to share another opinion. I feel it is necessary to have discussions from a longer term vantage point taking into account ESG and other perspectives. The life insurance business itself has high public profile. This is why ESG and CSR for the Dai-ichi Life Group involve continually generating profit in a sustainable manner using a legitimate approach. As the life insurance industry in Japan now faces a challenging environment, the Dai-ichi Life Group is working to quickly lay out new business axes such as developing new markets and new channels and making efforts amid a business environment that is becoming increasingly difficult. In order to continue to generate profit consistently in the future, it is important that disciplined discussions and decision making be carried out by the Board of Directors with regard to the selection of priority businesses and new initiatives.
Olcott: It is difficult to predict future environmental changes. This is why I feel it is important to think about what the global landscape will be like in 20 to 30 years’ time and what business model the Dai-ichi Life Group will need to adopt in order to continue to grow. I would like for the Dai-ichi Life Group to develop growth scenarios based on a long-term vision and strive to realize those scenarios.
  growing at a quick pace globally. The life insurance business is tightly regulated in each country, which means sending experts from Japan to overseas business sites, which is a common practice in the manufacturing industry, is not effective. Overseas M&A ultimately means acquiring local companies, which results in organizations with completely different histories and cultures joining the group. This is why building a trusting relationship with the counterparty’s management is a major challenge. For example, when Protective or TAL acquires a business locally, these businesses become a subsidiary of a subsidiary, but if they are unable to build trustworthy relationships, it will be difficult to entrust such a strategy to these new members of the Group. It is extremely important to create a “One Dai-ichi Life” where global talent is educated at the head office and newly acquired companies are given the opportunity to learn about the head office in Japan.
Sato: The governance of overseas Group companies is an extremely challenging issue. Even when a trustworthy relationship is established with the counterparty’s manage- ment at the time of an acquisition, there are other latent issues to consider, such as what will happen when a generational change occurs. In the case of Dai-ichi Life Holdings, we are aware of the intended successors of Group companies, so I think it’s a matter of how we as outside directors support this process.
Shu: There are many cases where a Japanese company takes a slow, step-by-step approach to post-merger integration in consideration of the other company’s indepen- dence. In the case of Dai-ichi Life Holdings, I feel like we are relatively better at building trustworthy relationships with the management of acquired companies because of the culture of the life insurance industry which values trust. Going
Inoue: Changing subjects, from the perspective of board effectiveness, I feel it will be important to further enhance the diversity of the Board of Directors going forward. I don’t have any experience in corporate management, but enhancing the board’s diversity, including adding members without such experience, will make it possible to incorporate the perspectives of more stakeholders in management. On the other hand, for us to participate in the decision making process and provide effective advice, we need to deepen our understanding of the company’s business and strategy. Masuda: The Dai-ichi Life Group provides multilayered and wide-ranging training programs. It also provides detailed documents and preliminary explanations, and regularly holds tours to foster understanding about the frontlines of its businesses. There are opportunities to speak with Total Life Plan Designers out in the field across Japan and visit overseas business sites, which is very informative.
   51 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 52
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

 Leadership (As of June 25, 2018) Directors
Koichiro Watanabe Representative Director, Chairman of the Board
Assumed office in July 2001
Age: 65
Number of shares held: 63,627 shares
Board of Directors meetings attended: 14/14 Other major occupations:
• Representative Director, Chairman of the Board,
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
• Outside Director, Japan Tobacco Inc.
• Member, Liaison Conference for the Promotion
of Gender Equality, Cabinet Office, Government
of Japan
• Member, Central Council for Education, Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports,
Science and Technology, Government of Japan
• Counselor, Consumer Affairs Agency, Government of Japan
• Vice Chair of the Board of Councillors, Japan Business Federation
• Chair of Committee on Education and Human Resources Development,
Japan Business Federation
• Chair of Committee on Consumer Affairs, Japan Business Federation
• Vice-Chairman, The Japan Quality Award Council, Japan Productivity Center
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including corporate planning, personnel management, public relations and government relations, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. He has duly performed his duties as a member of the Board of Directors since July 2001 by making use of his abundant experience and insight. He has proactively promoted business strategy for the growth of the Group through his service as a representative director and president since 2010. The Company believes he is qualified to be a director of the board of the Company.
Seiji Inagaki Representative Director, President
Assumed office in June 2016
Age: 55
Number of shares held: 18,268 shares Board of Directors meetings attended: 14/14 Other major occupations:
• Representative Director, President,
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited • Vice Chairman, The Life Insurance Association
of Japan
• Director, Life Insurance Policyholders Protection
Corporation of Japan
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including corporate planning and investment planning, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. In addition, he has duly performed his duties as a member of the Board of Directors since June 2016 and as a representative director and president since April 2017. The Company believes he is qualified to be a director of the board of the Company.
Kazuma Ishii
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Assumed office in July 2003
Age: 64
Number of shares held: 22,392 shares
Board of Directors meetings attended: 14/14 Other major occupations:
• Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer,
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including profit management, financial planning and actuarial accounting and internal audit, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. In addition, he has duly performed his duties as a member of the Board of Directors since July 2003. The Company believes he is qualified to be a director of the board of the Company.
Masao Taketomi Director, Managing Executive Officer
Assumed office in June 2017
Age: 54
Number of shares held: 14,187 shares Board of Directors meetings attended: 11/11 Other major occupations:
• Representative Director, President,
The Dai-ichi Frontier Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including personnel management and underwriting, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. In addition, he has duly performed his duties as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since June 2017 and as a representative director and president of The Dai-ichi Frontier Life Insurance Co., Ltd. since April 2018. The Company believes he is qualified to be a director of the board of the Company.
        Apr. 1976 Jul. 2001 Apr. 2004 Jul. 2004 Jul. 2007 Apr. 2008 Apr. 2010
Oct. 2016 Apr. 2017
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company Director
Managing Director
Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Representative Director, President, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Representative Director, President, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. Representative Director, Chairman of the Board (to present)
Apr. 1986 Apr. 2012 Apr. 2015 Jun. 2016 Oct. 2016 Apr. 2017
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company
Executive Officer, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. Representative Director, President (to present)
Apr. 1977 Jul. 2003 Jul. 2004 Apr. 2005 Jul. 2008 Apr. 2010
Apr. 2011 Oct. 2016
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company Director
Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
Apr. 1986 Apr. 2012 Apr. 2015 Oct. 2016 Jun. 2017
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company
Executive Officer, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. Director, Managing Executive Officer (to present)
    Shigeo Tsuyuki Representative Director, Vice Chairman
Assumed office in July 2003
Age: 63
Number of shares held: 30,833 shares Board of Directors meetings attended:14/14 Other major occupations:
• Outside Corporate Auditor, Toyo Wharf &
Warehouse Co., Ltd.
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including international business management, domestic corporate life insurance business and asset management business, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. In addition, he has duly performed his duties as a member of the Board of Directors since July 2003. The Company believes he is qualified to be a director of the board of the Company.
Satoru Tsutsumi Representative Director, Vice President
Assumed office in June 2015
Age: 62
Number of shares held: 18,067 shares Board of Directors meetings attended: 14/14 Other major occupations:
• Representative Director, Vice President,
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including asset management business and domestic corporate life insurance business, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. In addition, he has duly performed his duties as a representative director and president of The Dai-ichi Frontier Life Insurance Co., Ltd. since June 2010 and as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since June 2015. The Company believes he is qualified to be a director of the board of the Company.
Hideo Teramoto Director
Assumed office in June 2012
Age: 58
Number of shares held: 17,762 shares Board of Directors meetings attended: 14/14 Other major occupations:
• Representative Director, Vice Chairman,
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including corporate planning and marketing planning, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. In addition, he has duly performed his duties as a member of the Board of Directors since June 2012. The Company believes he is qualified to be a director of the board of the Company.
George Olcott Outside Director
Assumed office in June 2015
Age: 63
Number of shares held: 3,614 shares
Board of Directors meetings attended: 14/14 Other major occupations:
• Outside Director, Member of the Board, DENSO CORPORATION
• Outside Director,
Hitachi Chemical Company, Ltd.
He is an expert on human resources management and corporate governance of global companies, based on the knowledge he gained through a wide range of experiences, such as acting as managing director of financial institutions and as outside director of other corporations. He has also brought significant benefits to the Company by supervising and advising on various matters of corporate management based on his global and objective viewpoint at the Board of Directors meetings and other occasions. The Company believes he will share his experience and expertise on oversight of management of the Group, and therefore appointed him as an outside director.
    Apr. 1977 Jul. 2003 Jul. 2004 Apr. 2005 Jul. 2008 Apr. 2010
Apr. 2011 Apr. 2014 Oct. 2016 Apr. 2017
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company Director
Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Representative Director, Vice President
Representative Director, Vice President, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. Representative Director, Vice Chairman (to present)
Apr. 1978 Apr. 2005 Jul. 2005
Apr. 2010 Jun. 2010 Apr. 2015 Jun. 2015 Oct. 2016
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company
Executive Officer
Senior Managing Executive Director, DLIBJ Asset Management Co., Ltd. (presently Asset Management One Co., Ltd.)
Advisor, The Dai-ichi Frontier Life Insurance Co., Ltd. Representative Director, President
Vice President, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Representative Director, Vice President
Representative Director, Vice President, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
Apr. 1983 Apr. 2009 Apr. 2010 Apr. 2011 Jun. 2012 Apr. 2015 Oct. 2016
Apr. 2017
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company
Executive Officer
Executive Officer, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer,
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Director (to present)
Jul. 1986 Nov. 1991 Sep. 1993
Apr. 1997 Apr. 1998 Feb. 1999
Jun. 2000 Sep. 2001 Mar. 2005 Mar. 2008 Sep. 2010
Apr. 2014
Jun. 2015 Oct. 2016
Joined S.G. Warburg & Co., Ltd.
Director
Executive Director, Equity Capital Market Group, S.G. Warburg Securities London
Head of Tokyo Office, SBC Warburg
Vice President, LTCB-UBS-Brinson Asset Management President, UBS Asset Management (Japan)
President, Japan UBS Brinson
Managing Director, Equity Capital Market, SBC Warburg Tokyo Judge Business School, University of Cambridge
FME Teaching Fellow
Senior Fellow
Project Professor, Research Center for Advanced Science and Technology, The University of Tokyo
Guest Professor, Keio University, Faculty of Business and Commerce (to present)
Director, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Director, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
53 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 54
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

 Leadership (As of June 25, 2018) Directors
Koichi Maeda Outside Director
Assumed office in October 2016
Age: 66
Number of shares held: 2,037 shares
Board of Directors meetings attended: 14/14 Other major occupations: Not applicable
He has deep experience and insight gained through acting as business executive of highly public enterprises. He has also brought significant benefits to the Company by supervising and advising on various matters of corporate management based on his global and objective viewpoint at the Board of Directors meetings and other occasions. The Company believes he will share his experience and expertise on oversight of management of the Group, and therefore appointed him as an outside director.
Yuriko Inoue Outside Director
Assumed office in June 2018 Age: 55
Number of shares held: 0 shares Other major occupations:
• Outside Director, NIPPON SIGNAL CO., LTD.
She is an experienced and trusted professor specialized in intellectual property laws, and she has had a wide range of knowledge about IT-related systems and policies backed by her expertise. She could bring significant benefits to the Company by supervising management and advising on various legal matters and data governance in IT strategies of the Company based on her objective viewpoint. The Company believes she is qualified to supervise the Group’s management, and therefore appointed her as an outside director.
Rieko Sato
Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Assumed office in June 2015
Age: 61
Number of shares held: 3,614 shares
Board of Directors meetings attended: 14/14 Audit & Supervisory Committee meetings attended: 23/23
Other major occupations: • Partner, Ishii Law Office • Outside Director,
J. FRONT RETAILING Co., Ltd.
• Outside Corporate Auditor, NTT DATA CORPORATION
She is an experienced and trusted attorney, and she has had a wide range of experiences serving as outside Audit and Supervisory Board member of various corporations. She has also brought significant benefits to the Company by supervising and auditing management as well as advising on various legal matters of the Company based on her objective viewpoint at the Board of Directors meetings and other occasions. The Company believes she could take advantage of her experience in conducting audits and supervision of the Group’s management, and therefore appointed her as an outside director serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee member.
Ungyong Shu
Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Assumed office in June 2015
Age: 55
Number of shares held: 1,806 shares
Board of Directors meetings attended: 14/14 Audit & Supervisory Committee meetings attended: 22/23
Other major occupations: • President & CEO,
Core Value Management, Co., Ltd. • Outside Director, DESCENTE LTD.
He has a wide range of experiences as a managing director of financial institutions. He has also brought significant benefits to the Company by supervising and auditing management as well as advising on various matters of corporate management based on his global and objective viewpoint at the Board of Directors meetings and other occasions. The Company believes he could take advantage of his experience in conducting audits and supervision of the Group’s management, and therefore appointed him as an outside director serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee member.
        Apr. 1975 Jul. 1999
Jul. 2000
Jun. 2002 Jun. 2004
Aug. 2006 Jun. 2008 Jun. 2009
Jun. 2012 Jun. 2016 Oct. 2016 Jul. 2017
Joined Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Public Corporation General Manager, Kagoshima Branch, NIPPON TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE WEST CORPORATION
General Manager, Planning Department, Consumer & Office Division, NTT Communications Corporation
General Manager, Consumer & Office Division
Director, Senior Vice President, General Manager,
Consumer & Office Division
Director, Senior Vice President, Deputy General Manager,
Net Business Division
Director, Executive Vice President, Deputy General Manager,
Net Business Division
Representative Director, Senior Executive Vice President, General Manager, Consumer Business Promotion Division, NIPPON TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE EAST CORPORATION; Representative Director, President, NTT EAST PROPERTIES, INC. Representative Director, President, NTT FINANCE CORPORATION Director, Chief Executive Counselor
Director, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
Chief Executive Counselor, NTT FINANCE CORPORATION (to present)
Nov. 1993 Apr. 1995
Apr. 2001
Sep. 2002 Apr. 2004 Oct. 2010
Apr. 2018 Jun. 2018
Lecturer, University of Tokyo Graduate Schools for Law and Politics Associate Professor, University of Tsukuba Graduate School of Business Administration & Public Policy
Associate Professor, University of Tsukuba Graduate School of Business Sciences
Associate Professor, Kobe University Graduate School of Law Professor
Professor, Hitotsubashi University Graduate School of International Corporate Strategy
Professor, Business Law Department of Graduate School of Law (to present)
Director, Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
Apr. 1984 Jun. 1989 Jul. 1998 Jun. 2015 Oct. 2016
Registered as Attorney-at-Law
Shearman & Sterling LLP
Partner, Ishii Law Office (to present)
Director, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member), Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
Apr. 1986
May.2001 Jul. 2005 May.2007
Jul. 2010 Jul. 2011 Nov. 2013 Jun. 2015 Oct. 2016
Joined Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, a subsidiary of J.P. Morgan & Company, Inc.
Managing Director, JP Morgan Securities
Head of Financial Institutions Division
Managing Director and Chairman of Financial Institutions Group, Merrill Lynch Japan Securities Ltd.
Co-Head of Investment Banking Division
Vice Chairman
President & CEO, Core Value Management, Co., Ltd. (to present) Director, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member),
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
   Morinobu Nagahama
Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member (Full-Time))
Assumed office in June 2014
Age: 61
Number of shares held: 15,712 shares Board of Directors meetings attended: 14/14 Audit & Supervisory Committee meetings attended: 23/23
Other major occupations:
• Director, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance
Company, Limited
• Outside Corporate Auditor,
Sekisui Plastics Co., Ltd.
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including compliance, internal audits, legal affairs, secretarial administration and general affairs, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. In addition, he has duly performed his duties in the auditing work as an Audit & Supervisory Committee member (full-time) since October 2016. The Company believes he has the qualifications necessary to strengthen the effectiveness of the supervisory and auditing function over the management of the Group by making use of his experience and knowledge.Therefore, the Company appointed him as a director serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee member.
Fusakazu Kondo
Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member (Full-Time))
Assumed office in October 2016
Age: 57
Number of shares held: 11,260 shares Board of Directors meetings attended: 14/14 Audit & Supervisory Committee meetings attended: 23/23
Other major occupations: Not applicable
His experiences as a member of the Group have covered a wide range of engagements in the Company’s businesses, including profit management and finance, and he has deep experience and knowledge in the life insurance business. In addition, he has duly performed his duties in the auditing work as a Senior Audit and Supervisory Board member (full-time) of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited from June 2012 to September 2016 and as an Audit & Supervisory Committee member (full-time) of the Company since October 2016. The Company believes he has the qualifications necessary to strengthen the effectiveness of the supervisory and auditing function over the management of the Group by making use of his experience and knowledge. Therefore, the Company appointed him as a director serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee member.
Koichi Masuda
Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Assumed office in October 2016
Age: 74
Number of shares held: 2,755 shares
Board of Directors meetings attended: 14/14 Audit & Supervisory Committee meetings attended: 23/23
Other major occupations:
• Director (Outside), Audit and Supervisory
Committee Member, The Daishi Bank, Ltd.
• Outside Audit and Supervisory Board Member,
Sumitomo Riko Company Limited
He is an experienced and trusted certified public accountant, and he has had a wide range of experiences serving as Outside Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee member) and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board member of various corporations. He has also brought significant benefits to the Company by supervising and auditing management and advising on various financial matters of the Company based on his objective viewpoint at the Board of Directors meetings and other occasions. The Company believes he could take advantage of his experience in conducting audits and supervision of the Group’s management, and therefore appointed him as an outside director serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee member.
Executive Officers (excluding those who are directors)
Kenji Sakurai
Hideo Hatanaka
Yuji Tokuoka
Tetsuya Kikuta Munehiro Uryu
Hiroshi Shoji Tatsusaburo Yamamoto
Sumie Watanabe Norimitsu Kawahara Ichiro Okamoto Hisashi Takada Hiroyuki Kanou Toshiaki Sumino Yasumasa Iwai Tomohiko Asano Tsuyoshi Kawamoto Hidehiko Sogano
   Apr. 1979 Sep. 2008 Apr. 2010 Apr. 2013 Jun. 2014 Apr. 2016 Oct. 2016
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company
Executive Officer
Executive Officer, The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member (full-time)), Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
Apr. 1983 Jun. 2012
Oct. 2016
Joined The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company
Senior Audit and Supervisory Board Member (full-time),
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member (full-time)), Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
Apr. 1966 Jan. 1970 Jan. 1975 Sep. 1978 Jul. 1992 Oct. 1993 Jan. 2004 Jul. 2007
Jul. 2010 Oct. 2016
Yoshiji Tanaka CPA Office
Otemachi Kaikei Jimusho Audit Corporation
Shinwa Audit Corporation *
Partner
Representative Partner, Asahi Shinwa Audit Corporation * Representative Partner, Asahi Audit Corporation *
Representative Partner, KPMG AZSA & Co. *
Chairman and President, The Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants
Advisor (to present)
Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member),
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (to present)
55 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 56
* Presently, KPMG AZSA LLC
Vice President
Managing Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

 Corporate Governance
    Basic Approach to Corporate Governance
The Company has developed a system of corporate governance as stipulated in the Basic Corporate Governance Policy to ensure transparent, fair, prompt and bold decision-making while balancing supervision and management, in order to respond to the entrustment of its multi-stakeholders, such as customers, shareholders, society and employees, and to achieve sustainable growth and enhancement of corporate value over the medium to long term.
WEB Basic Corporate Governance Policy/ Corporate Governance Report
http://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/about/control/ governance/basic.html
Management Control System
Election/Dismissal
Overview of the Corporate Governance Structure
The Company has established an effective corporate governance structure taking into account an outside perspective by electing outside directors, adopting the executive officer system, and putting voluntary committees in place in addition to the Audit & Supervisory Committee.
Board of Directors (Met 14 times during FY2017)
The Board of Directors is responsible for making important decisions on the Group’s management strategy, management plan, etc. and supervises the execution of business operations. The Board of Directors consists of inside directors with knowledge and experience necessary to perform management in an accurate, fair, and efficient manner and outside directors with the deep insight, rich experience, and independence necessary to fully demonstrate supervisory functions. The number of outside directors makes up one-third or more, in principle. The Board of Directors also takes into consideration its diversity.
Audit & Supervisory Committee (Met 23 times during FY2017)
As a body independent from the Board of Directors, the Audit & Supervisory Committee audits the execution of duties by directors and the development and implementation status of group internal control systems from a viewpoint of legality and appropriateness. It is also responsible for supervisory functions over the Board of Directors by expressing opinions on their appointment and remuneration. The Audit & Supervisory Committee includes at least one person with considerable knowledge about finance and accounting. It consists of internal members with knowledge about the life insurance business and outside members with excellent insight, rich experience, and independence.
Nominations Advisory Committee/ Remuneration Advisory Committee
To further enhance management transparency, these committees are established as voluntary advisory committees for the Board of Directors to refer proposals to the Board of Directors after deliberating and deciding on items listed below.
- Nominations Advisory Committee: Election and dismissal of directors and executive officers
- Remuneration Advisory Committee: Issues related to remuneration
Committees are made up of the chairman of the Board, president, and outside directors etc., who constitute a majority of the committee.
The establishment of the Nominations Advisory Committee and the Remuneration Advisory Committee are stipulated in the Articles of Incorporation.
Executive Management Board (Met 26 times during FY2017)
The Executive Management Board, consisting of the president and executive officers appointed by the president, meets to consider important management and executive issues.
Advisory Board
The Company has established an Advisory Board to obtain extensive advice from outside experts from a medium- and long-term perspective regarding general management matters for the purpose of further strengthening and enhancing governance.
 Composition of the Board of Directors
 Directors (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members)
Directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members
Total
1
0 1
Outside Director
 Director
                Board of Directors
The number of outside directors makes up one-third or more of the Board of Directors
General Meeting of Shareholders
Election/ Dismissal
Audit, etc.
Audit & Supervisory Committee
Outside Committee Members constitute a majority of
the Committee
Election/ Dismissal
    Directors
(excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members)
Directors (Audit & Supervisory Committee members)
   Nominations Advisory Committee
Outside Committee
Members constitute
a majority of the Committee
 Executive Management Board
Remuneration Advisory Committee
Outside Committee
Members constitute
a majority of the Committee
Report
Report
Cooperation
Accounting Audit
Cooperation
  Various Committees
  Various Subsidiary Units
Internal Audit
Internal Audit Unit
Independent Auditor
  Internal Audit
Advisory Board
 Group Companies
57 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 58
Cooperation Advice
Outside, Independent
Major themes for deliberation
• Formulation and implementation status of a medium-term management plan
• Risk Appetite Policy and investment projects of the entire Group
• Status of improvement of internal control system (internal audit, risk management, compliance, handling of antisocial forces, etc.)
   Audit & Supervisory Committee
Board of Directors
Major themes for deliberation
• Progress, adequacy of planning process and details of a medium-term management plan, etc.
• Appropriateness of business management and internal control system
• Accounting audits including cooperation with the independent auditor
• Formation of opinions on the appointment and remuneration of directors, etc.
 10
5
15
3
3
6
Female
1
1
2
Foreign national
  Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

 Corporate Governance
   Framework That Supports Corporate Governance
Election Standard, Term of Office, and Concurrent Position of Directors
Election Standard of Directors
With respect to the candidates for inside directors, the Company’s Board of Directors elects those who have knowledge and experience that enable them to execute the management of the Dai-ichi Life Group appropriately and effectively in a fair manner, as well as those with sufficient social credibility. In addition, candidates for outside director are elected from those who satisfy the matters below, in principle, to fully demonstrate their supervisory function.
- Candidates shall have superior views and extensive experience in any of the following field; corporate management, risk management, internal control including legal compliance, etc., corporate ethics, management quality control, global management, macro policies, etc.
- In light of the “Standards for the Independence of Outside Directors,” candidates shall be judged independent from the management of the Company.
WEB Independence Standards for Outside Directors http://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/about/control/
Term of Office
The term for the office of the Company’s directors, excluding those who also serve as members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee, shall be until the close of the ordinary general meeting of shareholders with respect to the last business term ending within one year after election in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Articles of Incorporation.
Moreover, from the perspective of securing independence, the maximum term of office of outside directors, excluding those who also serve as members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee, shall be eight years.
On the other hand, the term for the office of members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee shall be until the close of the ordinary general meeting of shareholders with respect to the last business term ending within two years after election in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Articles of Incorporation. Moreover, from the perspective of securing independence, the maximum term of office shall be 12 years.
Concurrent Positions
If any directors concurrently hold positions of officers, etc., of companies other than the Company, such concurrent positions shall be limited to the extent that they are able to fulfill their duty of care and the duty of
loyalty. Moreover, the situation of important concurrent positions shall be disclosed every year.
Support to Outside Directors
To secure effective deliberations, outside directors are provided with handouts prior to meetings of the Board of Directors and depending on the significance or urgency of a given agenda, outside directors are briefed in advance. In addition, certain resolutions by the Board of Directors are made only after multiple progress reports are made.
Outside directors also attend internal corporate events and study sessions to gain a deeper understanding of the Company’s business.
Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
To ensure the validity and the effectiveness, all directors evaluate the activities and deliberations of the Board of Directors. The results of these evaluations are analyzed by a third party.
The evaluation results of the survey conducted in fiscal 2017 are summarized below. The Company will continue to make efforts to improve the validity and the effectiveness of the Board of Directors.
WEB Self-evaluation of the Board of Directors
http://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/about/control/ governance/structure.html
Remuneration of Officers
The Company determines the remuneration structure and individual amounts for directors and executive officers at the Board of Directors, after consultation with the Remuneration Advisory Committee, a body in which outside directors compose the majority of members.
In fiscal 2018, the Company has reviewed its remuneration system for directors and officers after consulting with the Remuneration Advisory Committee. In the course of the review process, we recognized the remuneration system for directors and officers to be a critical component of “fair treatment” for directors and officers responsible for the development of the Group, and set up the basic policy and principles for remuneration of directors and officers as follows.
    Evaluation Process
• Respondents: All 15 Board of Directors members • Response method: Anonymous
• Main assessment items:
(i) Operation of the Board of Directors (general comments)
(ii) Composition of the Board of Directors
(iii) Support system for directors aimed at encouraging active
discussion by the Board of Directors
(iv) The role and operation of the Audit & Supervisory Committee,
Nominations Advisory Committee and Remuneration Advisory
Committee
(v) Encouraging communication among directors
(vi) Improving relationships with shareholders, etc.
(vii) General effectiveness of the governance system and the Board
of Directors
• Tallying of results: Responses to the questionnaire were
reported to the Board of Directors after being summarized by external consultants. The results were analyzed and assessed by the Board of Directors.
Evaluation Results on Effectiveness of the Board of Directors (Summary)
As a result of the questionnaire survey, it was found that the overall operation of the Board of Directors was highly assessed.
• The operation and issues discussed at the Board of Directors are showing a trend of improvement and highly satisfactory as a whole. It is highly evaluated that strategies for the medium-term management plan have been deliberated over sufficient time and steps
• On the other hand, items such as “clarification of key points for discussion” and “comprehensibility of materials and explanations” are still recognized to be issues to be addressed
• As a Company with Audit & Supervisory Committee, there is room for further improvement in information sharing among the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Committee, the voluntary committees, i.e., the Nominations Advisory Committee and the Remuneration Advisory Committee
Handling of Future Issues
With regard to fiscal 2018, as a result of discussion in the Board of Directors, measures will be implemented centered on the following items.
• Reviewing and simplifying materials used in meetings of the Board of Directors, ensuring the use of executive summaries and supplemental explanations on the points of discussions at the lead department
• The president and directors in charge to discuss important matters including management strategy with outside directors
• Strengthening of coordination between the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Committee, the optional Nominations Advisory Committee and the optional Remuneration Advisory Committee
 governance/structure.html
Opinion exchange with outside directors at regional headquarters (Singapore)
Specific Examples of Support to Outside Directors
• Prior explanation of important issues to be discussed at the meetings of the Board of Directors
• Visits to domestic and foreign offices along with opinion exchange on-site
• Discussions with officers who engage in business execution and implementation of various training programs
• Opinion exchange regarding management policies, etc. with the president
Basic Policy for Remuneration of Directors and Officers
• Constitutes fair treatment
• Evaluates and rewards directors and officers for their
contributions to the achievement of sustainable value
creation for the Group.
• Offers remuneration at a proper and competitive content
and level
Basic Principles for Remuneration of Directors and Officers
1. Remuneration according to responsibilities and expectations 2. Consistency with strategies on which the Group focuses
3. Links to the performance of the Company and individuals
4. Shares interests with all stakeholders
5. Proper level of remuneration
6. Ensures objectivity and transparency
   59 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 60
Training for Directors
Upon assuming the position of directors, opportunities are provided for directors to fully understand the responsibilities and requirements of directors and Audit & Supervisory Committee members and to obtain the necessary knowledge on the Dai-ichi Life Group’s business, financial situation, and corporate structure. Training tailored to each director and Audit & Supervisory Committee member is provided during their tenure and financial support is provided for related expenses.
The Structure of Remuneration for Directors
As part of the ongoing revision of the remuneration system for directors and officers, in lieu of the current remuneration in the form of stock options, the Company introduced a restricted stock remuneration scheme for directors other than directors (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members and outside directors). Remuneration for directors who are eligible consists of the base remuneration, the performance-linked remuneration, and the restricted stock remuneration.
As to the performance-linked amount, key performance indicators (KPIs) were reviewed in order to function as appropriate incentives for achieving the goals set forth in the medium-term management plan.
Remuneration for outside directors (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members) shall consist of base remuneration alone. Remuneration for members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee shall consist of base remuneration alone and the level of remuneration shall be established primarily by using surveys conducted by third parties on remuneration of business managers of domestic companies.
WEB Total Remuneration Paid to Each Category of Company Officer
http://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/about/control/ governance/structure.html
Specific Examples of Training for Directors
• Extensive training program upon assuming office
• Provide supporting documentation including examples of matters reported through media that could possibly affect
the business
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

 Corporate Governance
Main KPIs for Performance-linked Amounts
For Stakeholders
Securing the Rights and Equal Treatment of Shareholders at the General Meeting of Shareholders (the “Meeting”)
We recognize that the General Meeting of Shareholders serves as a place for productive dialogue, and we are taking measures to develop an environment in which the rights of shareholders are ensured and appropriately exercised.
Appropriate Collaboration with Stakeholders Other Than Shareholders
We recognize our customers, local community and society, shareholders and investors, business partners, and employees as stakeholders who are deeply involved in our business activities. Based on opinions and evaluations obtained through active communication with various stakeholders, we aim to promote higher-quality activities and enhance corporate value by reflecting our understanding of issues in our business activities.
WEB Stakeholder Communication http://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/sustainability/group/
Securing Appropriate Information Disclosure and Transparency
The Dai-ichi Life Group discloses information in a fair, timely and appropriate manner following its Basic Information Disclosure Policy in an effort to ensure management transparency. In addition to statutory disclosure, we proactively disclose information on management, quantitative financial information, and non-financial information such as governance and medium- to long-term corporate strategy.
   Category
KPI
Accounting profit
Future profit (economic value) Capital efficiency
Financial soundness
Remuneration System for Directors
Base amount Performance-linked amount
Restricted stock amount
Group adjusted profit
Group value of new business Average EV growth (RoEV) Economic solvency ratio (ESR)
   YES
YES
NO
NO
YES
NO
NO
Remuneration according to duties and responsibilities Linked to the level of achievement of performance indicators
Set as an incentive to achieve management objectives and enhance corporate value in the medium- to long-term
Performance-linked portion:56%*
stakeholder/index.html
Specific examples of activities
• Prompt dispatch of convocation notices (three weeks prior to the Meeting) and website publication (five weeks prior to the Meeting, including an English version)
• Holding the General Meeting of Shareholders on days that avoid conflicting with shareholders’ meetings of other companies
• Adopting an electronic voting rights execution platform for institutional investors
• Prompt disclosure of a summary of the minutes of the Meeting and the voting results
 Diagram of Remuneration Breakdown
  Fixed portion:44%
   Base amount
44%
  Performance-linked amount (short-term incentive)
36%*
  Restricted stock amount (long-term incentive)
20%*
 * The respective percentages are based on the target level upon achievement of the performance goal for the performance-linked amount, and the standard grant level based on the stock price upon grant for the stock remuneration.
Note: Above percentages are applied to directors (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members and outside directors). Calculations are based on the average of executive directors.
Total Remuneration for Each Category of Company Officer, Totals for Each Type of Remuneration, and the Number of Officers to Which They Were Paid (Fiscal 2017)
Dialogue with Shareholders and Investors
We are working to enhance dialogue with shareholders and investors through investor relations activities led by our executive management team. Opinions and requests obtained through investor relations activities are shared with the Executive Management Board and Board of Directors in an effort to enhance corporate value.
  Directors (excluding members of Audit & Supervisory Committee and outside directors)
Members of Audit & Supervisory Committee (excluding outside directors)
Outside directors
Note: Includes one director who resigned on June 26, 2017.
Shares Held for Strategic Purposes
In principle, shares shall be held for pure investment purposes by Group companies engaged in the life insurance business, as part of asset management in the life insurance business; however, to a limited extent, there are shares held for strategic purposes, not for pure investment purposes, that carry other important purposes in terms of the Group’s business strategies, such as
8 2 6
strengthening relations through business alliances. Group companies examine their individual listed
shares held for strategic purposes and review the appropriateness of purposes of holding such shares at their Board of Directors meetings every fiscal year. The shareholdings for strategic purposes shall be sold in case the appropriateness or rationale of holding such shares, either in terms of strategic holding or for investment purposes, is not confirmed.
WEB Strategic-holding Shares
http://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/about/control/ governance/reference.html
Total
remuneration
(Millions of yen)
Total remuneration for each category (Millions of yen)
 265
78
79
Basic remuneration
219
78
79
Stock options
45
―
―
Other
0
0
0
Number of board members
Specific examples of dialogue in fiscal 2017
• Individual interviews with institutional investors based inside and outside of Japan (around 300 times)
• Earnings results presentations for institutional investors and analysts (twice), conference calls (five times) and Analyst Day (once)
• Company briefings and seminars for individual investors (9 times)
Specific examples of information disclosure
• Financial results report
• Embedded value report
• Securities report
• Corporate governance report • Integrated report
• Sustainability report
         61 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 62
Inside
YES
Directors
Outside
YES
Directors (Audit & Supervisory Committee members)
Remarks
 General Meeting of Shareholders
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

 Corporate Governance
 Establishment of Internal Control System
The Dai-ichi Life Group has an internal control policy that stipulates the core philosophies for the establishment and operation of internal control to ensure the integrity and appropriate conduct of business activities at the Dai-ichi Life Group and to maintain and build corporate value.
In addition, the Company conducts control self assessment (CSA) to enhance the effectiveness of internal control. Through CSA, the Company identifies major risks in each operation, evaluates importance of the risks and the losses they may cause, and seeks to control risk and improve operations to ensure sound business operations.
important matters which affect the Group, pursuant to global services agreements, etc.
2. System for Ensuring Execution of Professional Duties in Accordance with Applicable Laws, Regulations and the Articles of Incorporation
Basic Recognition
The Dai-ichi Life Group understands that complying with laws and regulations, its Articles of Incorporation, social standards, and rules in the market are the basis for conducting business activities. To fulfill its social responsibilities and public mission, the Company is developing systems to promote compliance in the group’s business operations.
Policies and Regulations
The Dai-ichi Life Group has established the DSR Charter as its corporate action principles to continually meet the expectations of customers, society, shareholders, investors and employees for the purpose of contributing to the building of a sustainable society.
Based on this, our Internal Control Policy for the Dai-ichi Life Group includes basic matters concerning the development and management of a group compliance system. Under this basic policy, matters such as the basic approach to the promotion of group compliance are outlined in Basic Compliance Policy for the Dai-ichi Life Group, and specific approval and reporting systems as well as the management method are outlined in Compliance Regulations for the Dai-ichi Life Group.
Organizational Framework
The Company is endeavoring to develop and strengthen its compliance system as a Group by establishing the Compliance Unit, taking into account the attributes of each group company. The Compliance Unit monitors the status of compliance promotion based on reports, etc. from each group company, and reports to the Board of Directors, the President, Executive Management Board, Audit & Supervisory Committee, etc. of incidents occurring in each Group company as required, according to their importance. The Internal Audit Unit conducts regular internal audits on the effectiveness and appropriateness of these measures.
The Group Compliance Committee is established to discuss important matters concerning group compliance and compliance framework of each group company, and reports to the Executive Management Board, the president, and the Board of Directors, apart from regularly convening to monitor compliance status of group companies.
The Company has established whistleblowing desks in the Compliance Unit and within offices of external lawyers in accordance with the Whistleblower Protection Act. Together with these whistleblowing desks setup at our Group companies, multiple channels have
been established through which employees from the Group can report and consult on compliance matters including illegal activity by officers or employees in order to maintain appropriate business practices. The Company appropriately operates these systems that include securing privacy so that the whistleblowers will not be subject to unfavorable treatment resulting from their whistleblowing or consultation.
Promotion of Compliance
At the Dai-ichi Life Group, Group companies set out annual plans such as compliance programs in accordance with the challenges identified for each fiscal year and take initiatives for each issue based on such plans, as well as checking the progress of such plans and revising their challenges as required to promote compliance in a plan-do-check-act (PDCA) cycle. In addition, each company enhances education and training to deepen knowledge of laws, regulations and internal rules, and to raise awareness of compliance.
Information Asset Protection
Basic Recognition
The Dai-ichi Life Group recognizes that compliance with laws and internal regulations, undertaking appropriate measures for information asset protection, and defending information assets from cyber attacks or internal misconduct are the basis for gaining the trust of its customers, society, shareholders, investors and other stakeholders.
Organizational Framework Concerning Compliance
Policies and Regulations
Internal Control Policy for the Dai-ichi Life Group stipulates the core requirements for implementing practices that ensure the safekeeping of information in the group. This policy serves as the basis for Information Assets Protection and Management Policy for the Dai-ichi Life Group, the stipulations of which include the philosophies underlying the safekeeping of information, and also Information Assets Protection and Management Regulations for the Dai-ichi Life Group that stipulate specific approval and reporting framework and other management practices. Furthermore, in order to deal with increasingly sophisticated cyber-attacks, we have set out Group Cyber Incidents Response Regulations.
Organizational Framework for Information Asset Protection
The Company has established practices under which important matters relating to information asset protection are dealt with by the Group Compliance Committee. Information Security Management Group has been established within the Compliance Unit to provide a permanent organization for promoting appropriate safekeeping of information at group companies.
In addition to providing advice and support as needed according to the attributes of each group company such as the quantity and nature of the information they hold, the Information Security Management Group is also involved in implementing appropriate management framework for information safekeeping at these companies.
 WEB Internal Control Policy for the Dai-ichi Life Group http://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/about/
control/in_control/index.html
 Internal Control Policy for the Dai-ichi Life Group
1. System for Ensuring Proper Operations within the Group
2. System for Ensuring Execution of Professional Duties in
Accordance with Applicable Laws, Regulations and the
Articles of Incorporation
3. System for Risk Management
4. System for Ensuring Efficient Execution of Professional
Duties
5. System for Ensuring Appropriateness and Reliability of
Financial Reporting
6. System for Preserving and Managing Information Concerning
Execution of Directors’ and Executive Officers’ Duties
7. System for Ensuring Effective Internal Audits
8. System for Execution of Duties of the Audit & Supervisory
Committee
 Auditing, etc.
Instruction*2
Dai-ichi Life Holdings
Board of Directors
Reporting
   Instruction
  President
Executive Management Board
     Group Compliance Committee
 Compliance Unit*1
 Reporting*2
Instructions, guidance, monitoring, etc.
 Corporate Planning Unit, International Life Insurance Business Unit, etc.
Reporting, etc.
Internal Auditing
 Group companies, including regional headquarters
  Implementation Status of the Internal Control System
1. System for Ensuring Proper Operations within the Group
In order to ensure appropriate operations within the Group, the Company has set the supervision category according to individual Group companies’ business specifics, size and importance in the Group’s management strategy. The Company conducts business supervision pursuant to memorandums concluded with each of the Group companies.
The Company has established basic policies for the Dai-ichi Life Group for important matters such as compliance and risk management in order to maintain and operate the Group internal control system, and makes these policies known to the Group companies. In addition, the Company has established and operated rules for prior approval by the Company of the Group companies’
*1 Compliance Unit coordinates with other units as appropriate.
*2 Dotted frame shows the entities which Audit & Supervisory Committee makes instruction to, and receives reporting from. *3 Audit & Supervisory Committee and Internal Audit Unit coordinate with each other.
Internal Auditing
           63 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 64
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section
Internal Audit Unit*3
Audit & Supervisory Committee*3

 Corporate Governance
The Internal Audit Unit conducts regular internal audits of how well these measures are operating and reports their findings to the Board of Directors and Executive Management Board.
Promotion of Information Safekeeping Practices
In accordance with the laws and regulations of relevant countries, the Dai-ichi Life Group has established a framework for the safekeeping of information by introducing security measures where needed and appropriate in order to prevent leakage, loss, or tampering of personal and other confidential information.
Handling of Antisocial Forces
Basic Recognition
All the Dai-ichi Life Group’s organizations are united in their resolve to reject any coercion from antisocial forces that threatens the order and security of civil society or that disrupts sound economic and social development or corporate activities. The Dai-ichi Life Group is fully committed to halting the development of any relationships with these forces in all of its transactions as an organization to prevent any damage from occurring.
Policies and Regulations
In accordance with the Group Basic Policy on Handling of Antisocial Forces based on the Internal Control Policy for the Dai-ichi Life Group, which establishes basic approaches and policies to halt the development of any relationships with antisocial forces in order to prevent any damage, the Company has established Group Antisocial Forces Handling Regulations, strengthening its unified Group-wide stance towards eliminating antisocial forces.
Systems for Handling Antisocial Forces
The Company has designated the General Affairs Unit to be in charge of streamlining and strengthening systems to block the development of any relationships with antisocial forces or to prevent damage that may occur, taking into account the attributes of each company, in daily operations and has given guidance and support as required in taking an appropriate response as a group.
We regularly monitor the status of group companies and receive reports on initiatives to eliminate antisocial forces from group companies as Group-wide responses.
The Company has made preparations whereby in the event business with an antisocial force is identified, the matter is reported to a director or other officer in a timely and appropriate fashion and efforts are made to promptly cut off the ties in question. Top management is also appropriately involved through procedures including regular reporting to the Board of Directors concerning the handling status of efforts to sever ties with antisocial forces.
In addition, to ensure that we have no relations with and to prevent damage related to antisocial forces, the Company is permanently committed to developing close
cooperative systems with external specialist organizations, such as local police offices, National Center for Removal of Criminal Organizations, and lawyers.
3. System for Risk Management
Basic Recognition
To ensure sound and proper business operations and to ensure that we fulfill the obligations arising from our insurance policies, we identify and evaluate potential risks, take appropriate action based on the specific characteristics of each risk and comprehensively manage those risks. We are committed, on a group-wide basis, to improving soundness through the management and control of the financial base, including risk volume and capital.
We have also established a crisis management system and a risk management system to respond to catastrophes and large-scale disasters in addition to our everyday risk management system.
Policies and Regulations
Our Internal Control Policy for the Dai-ichi Life Group includes our basic philosophy and policies regarding risk management. The approach used to manage each type of risk is developed in line with Risk Management Policy for the Dai-ichi Life Group. In addition, each of the risk management regulations and standards is translated into practical rules, following our series of Risk Management Regulations for the Dai-ichi Life Group.
Organizational Framework
To ensure the integrity and appropriate conduct of the group, the Risk Management Unit coordinates and implements group-wide policies for risk management in accordance with Risk Management Policy for the Dai-ichi Life Group. The Risk Management Unit also plays a central role in monitoring and controlling the status and integrity of risk management across the group, while also seeking to improve how risk management is exercised.
There is also a Group ERM Committee that sits regularly to formulate Risk Management Policy, monitor compliance, and conduct studies aimed at improving how risk management is exercised. The Internal Audit Unit assesses the effectiveness and appropriateness of this risk management infrastructure. An Audit & Supervisory Committee conducts audits of all aspects of risk management at the group, including management personnel.
Crisis Management
The Company has a Group Crisis Management Policy and is pursuing a variety of crisis management responses by comprehensively identifying and managing the Group’s crisis management status as well as developing a crisis management promotion system in normal times to prepare in advance for preventing crises
and for reducing risks in preparation for expected crises. Specifically, we work to avert crises by proactively detecting concerns about a crisis and instructing and alerting group companies and units, in addition to requiring group companies to report events that may cause a crisis. In addition, in times of crisis, we rapidly establish an initial response system, including a communication system, in order to promptly respond and accurately collect information during a crisis and to implement responses to resolve the crisis in cooperation with group companies.
4. System for Ensuring Efficient Execution of Professional Duties
The Company has formulated internal regulations related to decision-making, organization, and the division of responsibilities and authorities to ensure the efficient execution of professional duties by directors, executive officers and employees. The Company has also established an Executive Management Board which discusses important management and executive issues. The Company has also formulated a medium-term management plan for the Dai-ichi Life Group, and the Executive Management Board, etc. confirms and evaluates the performance of the plan.
Risk Management Framework
5. System for Ensuring Appropriateness and Reliability of Financial Reporting
Internal Control Policy for the Dai-ichi Life Group stipulates the core requirements for implementing practices that ensure the reliability of financial reporting and timely and appropriate disclosures. Under this basic policy, the Company established Evaluation Regulations for Internal Control over Financial Reporting, which outlines procedures to appropriately evaluate internal control over financial reporting. In accordance with these policies and regulations, in order to ensure the reliability of financial reporting, we have developed and implemented an evaluation system for effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.
We prepare an internal control report, which verifies that our internal control over financial reporting was effective and submit this report together with the annual securities report.
In addition, this internal control report with a base date as of March 31, 2018 was subject to an internal control audit by the accounting auditor with an assessment being expressed in the form of unqualified opinion.
    Auditing, etc.
Instruction*2
Dai-ichi Life Holdings
Group ERM Committee
Reporting
 Board of Directors
  Instruction
  President
Executive Management Board
     Internal Auditing
 Risk Management Unit*1
Insurance risk Liquidity risk Operational risk
    Market and credit risk
 Reporting*2
Instructions, guidance, monitoring, etc.
 Corporate Planning Unit, International Life Insurance Business Unit, etc.
Reporting, etc.
 Group companies, including regional headquarters
           65 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 66
*1 Risk Management Unit coordinates with other units as appropriate.
*2 Dotted frame shows the entities which Audit & Supervisory Committee makes instruction to, and receives reporting from. *3 Audit & Supervisory Committee and Internal Audit Unit coordinate with each other.
Internal Auditing
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section
Internal Audit Unit*3
Audit & Supervisory Committee*3

 Corporate Governance
  6. System for Preserving and Managing Information Concerning Execution of Directors’ and Executive Officers’ Duties
To preserve and manage information concerning the execution of directors’ and executive officers’ duties, the Company establishes internal regulations etc., necessary for preserving information relating the execution of duties by the directors and executive officers, such as minutes of important meetings such as the Board of Directors and the Executive Management Board, and written approvals containing material information, and preserve and manage information accordingly.
7. System for Ensuring Effective Internal Audits
Basic Recognition
To ensure the financial soundness and appropriate business operations of the Group as a whole, the Company recognizes that it is important for the internal audit section of the Company to conduct internal audits and provide advice for improvement as necessary to assure that all of the activities of the Group are appropriate and effective. The measures and practices necessary for ensuring effective internal audit have been put in place, including those for maintaining the independence of the internal audit section.
Policies and Regulations
The Company has stipulated the core philosophies and policies for internal audit in Internal Control Policy for the Dai-ichi Life Group and Internal Audit Policy for the Dai-ichi Life Group (the “Internal Audit Policy”). The Company has also established Internal Audit Regulations for the Dai-ichi Life Group in accordance with the Internal Audit Policy to define the principles of internal audit and to effectively and efficiently implement all the activities relating to Group’s internal audit.
Organizational Framework
The Company has set up the Internal Audit Unit as an independent organization to ensure its effective checking function to other organizations. The Internal Audit Unit verifies and assesses the appropriateness and effectiveness of internal control framework and activities of the Group, identifies flaws, provides advice for improvement and reports to the Board of Directors, Executive Management Board, etc. on the results of internal audits.
Reporting to the Audit & Supervisory Committee
The Company has the Audit & Supervisory Committee in which external directors compose the majority of its members. The Internal Audit Unit conducts internal audits under audit policy, plans and perspectives of the Audit & Supervisory Committee, and reports to the Audit & Supervisory Committee on its internal audit plans and results.
8. System for the Execution of Duties of the Audit & Supervisory Committee
Based on the Audit & Supervision Policy and the Audit & Supervisory Committee Regulations established by the Audit & Supervisory Committee, the Company has a system in place to ensure the effectiveness of audits by the Audit & Supervisory Committee as follows.
- The Company set up the Audit & Supervisory Committee’s Center and appointed employees to assist the Audit & Supervisory Committee. With respect to personnel transfer, evaluation and others for these employees, their independence from directors is ensured. These employees are authorized to collect information necessary for audit purpose under the supervision of the Audit & Supervisory Committee.
- The Company adopts a whistle-blowing system in which the department in charge of internal control acts as the contact point. The operational status of said system is regularly reported to full-time Audit & Supervisory Committee members. The Company has established the system for a timely and appropriate report to the Audit & Supervisory Committee in the event of any act that violates any law, ordinance, the Articles of Incorporation or other rules or any event that causes or may cause severe damage to the Company or Group companies.
- The Company has established a system whereby full-time Audit & Supervisory Committee members attend important meetings including meetings of the Executive Management Board, and verify the developmental and operational status of the internal control system. In addition, the Company has also established a system whereby matters for discussion from an auditing viewpoint are reported to full-time Audit & Supervisory Committee members or the Audit & Supervisory Committee to ensure the implementation of effective audits.
- The Company has established a system whereby full-time Audit & Supervisory Committee members regularly hear opinions from directors, etc. to collect information while inviting directors, etc. to the meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Committee to exchange opinions. The Company has also established a system whereby full-time Audit & Supervisory Committee members work to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of audits by close collaboration with departments in charge of internal control, internal audit and the independent auditor, etc. through regular collection of information and exchange of opinions.
9. Systems for IT Governance and Cyber Security Measures
Basic Recognition
Amid the rapid changes in the environment surrounding companies, information technology (IT) has formed an important field that is closely linked to management strategy. At the Dai-ichi Life Group, we have developed an IT strategy that is in line with the Group’s management strategy and we pursue our initiatives
under this strategy, aiming to accurately understand the era of rapid change and achieve sustainable growth.
IT Governance
While the impact of IT on management is increasing, achieving the management strategy requires that we control the use and application of IT appropriately to maximize the value provided by IT for business while minimizing its risk.
At the Dai-ichi Life Group, we are establishing a Group IT governance system by adopting COBIT5* to reliably support the Group’s global management and enable the sustainable provision of value to customers all over the world.
In October 2016, we established the Group IT
Governance Basic Policy, under which we share the
direction of the IT governance system to be established
based on COBIT5, internally within the Group. Based on
our focus on IT governance, we exchange opinions about
IT initiatives and share information about them, aiming to
create synergy between Group companies inside and
outside Japan and utilize IT in a way that contributes to our
global management. We also hold an annual conference of
people responsible for IT from domestic and overseas life
insurance companies of the Group to discuss joint initiatives
within the Group and other topics, while respecting the
business characteristics of each Group company.
* COBIT5: A framework for measuring the level of maturity of IT governance that is advocated by the Information Systems Audit and Control Association and the IT Governance Institute of the United States
Cyber Security Measures
At the Dai-ichi Life Group, we aim for a further evolution in the areas of people and organizations, processes, and technologies, so as to protect the information assets of the Group from cyberattacks, which grow more sophisticated with each day, and continue to deliver a sense of security, safety, and stability to our customers
and other stakeholders.
In October 2016, we established the Rules on
Handling of Cyber Incidents in the Group, under which Group companies share specific matters for promoting the establishment of a system for tackling cyber incidents. For our information systems, we take action against new threats as needed, such as combining multiple systems to detect unauthorized access, viruses, and other threats and protect from them, establishing a defense in depth.
We have also set up a Computer Security Incident Response Team (CSIRT), which consists mainly of full-time members with a high level of expertise. This team engages in activities for strengthening the cyber security of the Group, such as handling incidents related to cyber security, establishing rules on cyber security, and raising awareness of the rules. In addition, the team cooperates closely with external organizations in an effort to share and utilize security information and optimize the cyber security measures of the overall Group, including overseas Group companies engaged in the life insurance business.
Cyber Security Measures
    67 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 68
Continuing to strengthen
the cyber security system of the Group
 Achieving evolution in the areas of people and organizations, processes,
and technologies, both in Japan and overseas
Processes Technologies
   People and Organizations
  In Japan Domestic Group Companies
Overseas Overseas Group Companies
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

  Data Section
70 Non-financial Highlights
71 Recognition from Society / Participation in External Initiatives
73 Financial and Non-financial Data Since Demutualization (Fiscal 2010 - Fiscal 2017)
   75 Financial Analysis
79 Corporate and Financial Data
79 Overview and Organization of the Insurance
Holding Company
79 Corporate Profile
79 Management Organization
80 Capital Stock and Number of Shares
82 Overview of the Insurance Holding Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
82 Main Businesses and Organization
83 List of Group Companies
84 Main Businesses of the Insurance Holding Company and Its Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
84 Key Management Indicators 84 Outline of business
86 Consolidated Financial Statements
149 Financial Statements of The Dai-ichi Life
Insurance Company, Limited
171 Reference Information
(The figures presented in “Reference Information” are unaudited and are for the purpose of presenting comparable business results with the previous fiscal year.)
176 Solvency Margin Ratio
 69 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Non-financial Highlights
  Percentage of Women in Managerial Posts
CO2 Emissions
25.2%
Up 1.0percentage point year on year (%)
166,000t-CO2
Down 5,900t-CO2 year on year (t-CO2)
40 30 20 10
21.9
22.5
23.3
24.2
25.2
200,000 150,000 100,000
50,000
175,000
Fiscal 2013
168,000
Fiscal 2014
178,100
Fiscal 2015
171,900
Fiscal 2016
166,000
Fiscal 2017
              00 March 31, 2014 March 31, 2015 March 31, 2016 March 31, 2017 March 31, 2018
  Note:Total of the Company and the three domestic insurance companies. Figures as of April 1 of the next fiscal year, which represent the percentage for the current fiscal year.
Note:Figures for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2014 are for Dai-ichi Life only. Fiscal 2015 and subsequent figures are totals for the Dai-ichi Life Group. In Japan, as from fiscal 2017, calculation for CO2 emissions is changed to a method using the conversion factor specified in the Act on Promotion of Global Warning Countermeasures for emissions of the given fiscal year. Figures for previous fiscal years are recalculated retroactively using this method.
  Number of Employees with Disabilities
Total Paper Usage
966people
6,510t
Up by 13people year on year (People)
Down 488t year on year (t)
10,000
8,116
Fiscal 2013
1,000 960 920 880 840
953 926
966
7,500 5,000 2,500
6,998
Fiscal 2016
        913 891
6,509
Fiscal 2014
6,559
Fiscal 2015
6,510
Fiscal 2017
         00 Fiscal 2013 Fiscal 2014 Fiscal 2015 Fiscal 2016 Fiscal 2017
 Note:Total of the Company, the three domestic insurance companies, Dai-ichi Life Business Services and Dai-ichi Life Information Systems. Figures as of April 1 of the next fiscal year, which represent persons for the current fiscal year.
Customer Satisfaction Survey by a Neutral Third Party Research Organization
Note:Figures for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2014 are for Dai-ichi Life only. Fiscal 2015 and sub sequent figures are totals for the Dai-ichi Life Group.
  (%)
75
70
65
60
55
50 54.1
0
70.3 Evaluation on procedures for claims
Evaluation on contractual matters
Evaluation throughout the
insured period
54.5
Fiscal 2017
    63.5
 57.9
59.3
      Fiscal 2016
Note:Figures for Dai-ichi Life only. Difference between positive and negative response percentages. Annual comparison before fiscal 2016 is not shown since surveys began to be conducted by a neutral third party research organization from fiscal 2016.
Assessment on Stewardship Activities of Dai-ichi Life
A+
PRI is a global standard for responsible investment set forth by the United Nations. Dai-ichi Life was given the highest rank of A+ by PRI in an assessment on stewardship activities in fiscal 2017.
 Annual Report 2018 70
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

Recognition from Society / Participation in External Initiatives
Recognition from Society
Dai-ichi Life
TAL
Dai-ichi Life Vietnam
Star Union Dai-ichi Life
Panin Dai-ichi Life
OCEAN LIFE
Inclusion in the ESG Indices
Participation in External Initiatives
 Recipient
Organizer
Principles for Financial Action Towards a Sustainable Society (Principles for Financial Action for the 21st Century)
Association of Financial Advisers (AFA)
Socialist Republic of Vietnam
Institute of Directors (IOD), India
Investor
AWEN - ASEAN Women Entrepreneurs Network
Assessment/Award
The Most Excellent Efforts
(Minister of the Environment Award)
AFA/Strategic Insight 2017 Platinum Award for Life Company of the Year
The Third Class Labor Medal Award
Golden Peacock Awards for Excellence in Corporate Governance
2017 The Best Life Insurance Company
Thailand Outstanding ASEAN Women Entrepreneurs Awards 2017
Summary
 External Initiatives
Summary
         Dai-ichi Life received the Minister of the Environment Award for the first time in the life insurance industry, being evaluated for its advanced approach to investment based on social responsibility as institutional investor.
TAL has won Platinum Life Company of the Year which is the most sought-after industry award for Australian life insurers. This award is assessed against overall key benchmarks such as financial strength and stability, market sales growth, premium rates and service quality.
Dai-ichi Life Vietnam was awarded the Third Class Labor Medal by Socialist Republic
of Vietnam for the continuous CSR activities over the past years such as the sponsorship for free-of-charge surgeries
to financially-challenged cataract patients, educational supports, and disaster reliefs.
Star Union Dai-ichi Life received the Golden Peacock Award from the Institute of Directors (IOD), India, which was evaluated for excellence in corporate governance
in 2017.
Panin Dai-ichi Life, selected out of life insurance companies with total assets of between 1–15 trillion Indonesian rupiah, received the 2017 The Best Life Insurance Company award from Investor for its outstanding financial profile.
OCEAN LIFE received the Thailand Outstanding ASEAN Women Entrepreneurs Awards 2017 as being a leading woman entrepreneur over the ASEAN Women Entrepreneurs Network as being leading the life insurance industry.
United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)
Women’s Empowerment Principles (WEPs)
Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI)
Principles for Financial Action Towards a Sustainable Society (Principles for Financial Action for the 21st Century)
Dai-ichi Life Holdings signed the United Nations Global Compact in May 2014 and expresses support for it.
Dai-ichi Life Holdings signed the Women’s Empowerment Principles in December 2012 and endorsed the principles.
In the Dai-ichi Life Group, three companies including Dai-ichi Life, Asset Management One, Janus Henderson Group plc signed the Principles for Responsible Investment and endorsed the principles.
Principles for Financial Action for the 21st Century are action guidelines for the overall CSR of financial institutions wishing to play a role and take responsibilities necessary for the formation of a sustainable society. Dai-ichi Life participated in the development of the principles as a member of the draft committee and signed up in November 2011. In addition, Neo First Life signed and endorsed the principles.
              TOPICS
Approach to Climate Change
Tackling climate change
 The Dai-ichi Life Group considers climate change to be an important social issue and has been working to reduce CO2 emissions. We have set a CO2 emissions reduction target for the entire group (1% reduction compared with the previous year). In order to enhance the reliability of its CO2 emissions performance data, We have received third-party assurance review from the Japan Quality Assurance Organization for Scope 1 (direct emissions from use of gas fuel), Scope 2 (indirect emissions from use of electricity) and Scope 3 (indirect emissions from other business activities) emissions, produced in fiscal 2017.
In addition, The Dai-ichi Life Group will deepen the analysis of the risks and opportunities that impact our life insurance business and asset management business. They include the impact on life and health as a result of natural disasters and infectious diseases caused by climate change as well as the impact on investment and loans due to policy changes accompanying the transition to a low-carbon society.
     Dai-ichi life Holdings has been highly evaluated by ESG rating organizations in overseas and domestic, and we are incorporated into the following ESG indices (as of 2018 August).
      71 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 72
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

Financial and Non-financial Data Since Demutualization (Fiscal 2010 - Fiscal 2017)
(Millions of yen)
 Fiscal 2017
7,037,827
4,884,579
1,802,626
6,565,833
3,789,907
1,223,870
548,957
661,110
471,994
95,000
363,928
53,603,028
49,853,756
44,597,717
3,749,271
1,589,623
2,238,159
406,495
3,671,198
6,094.1
190.2
4.30
10.6
13.1
838.3
170
243.2
310.69
3,217.68
50
62,943
25.2
966
166,000
6,510
   Results of Operations
Ordinary revenues
Premium and other income Investment income
Ordinary expenses
Benefits and claims
Provision for policy reserves and others Investment expenses
Operating expenses
Ordinary profit
Provision for reserve for policyholder dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company
Financial Condition
Total assets Total liabilities
Policy reserves Total net assets
Total shareholders’ equity
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax
Sales Results(1)
Annualized net premium of new business
Annualized net premium from policies in force
Corporate Value
Group European embedded value (EEV) (billions of yen)(2) Value of new business (billions of yen)(2)
New business margin (%)
Key Financial Indicators
Return on equity (ROE) (%)
Return on embedded value (RoEV) (%) Consolidated solvency margin ratio (%) Economic solvency ratio (%)(3)
Group adjusted profit (billions of yen)
Per Share Indicators(4)
Earnings per share (EPS) (yen) Book value per share (BPS) (yen) Dividends per share (DPS) (yen)
Key Non-financial Indicators
Number of group employees (people) Percentage of women in managerial posts (%)(5) Number of employees with disabilities (people)(6) CO2 emissions (t-CO2)(7)
Total paper usage (t)(8)
Fiscal 2010
4,571,556 3,312,456 922,787 4,490,356 2,711,314 466,486 444,681 434,859 81,199 78,500 19,139
32,297,862 31,566,027 29,039,453
731,835 548,928 238,886
151,412 2,161,819
2,440.3 158.1 5.42
2.3 (13.7)
547.7 − −
19.17 730.27 16
59,356 − 848 148,000 9,954
Fiscal 2011
4,931,781 3,539,579 1,035,662 4,705,860 2,688,419
718,673 380,315 471,061 225,920
69,000 20,357
33,468,670 32,476,924 29,862,729
991,745 569,253 483,446
193,426 2,262,768
2,661.5 187.7 5.89
2.4 10.6 563.2 − −
20.61 993.76 16
60,305 − 846 129,000 9,922
Fiscal 2012
5,283,989 3,646,831 1,335,120 5,126,695 2,795,355 1,191,953
221,738 486,419 157,294
86,000 32,427
35,694,411 34,045,391 31,012,539
1,649,020 563,340 1,099,351
233,680 2,347,721
3,341.9 211.2 5.86
2.5 25.5 702.4 − 100.0
32.75 1,657.14 16
60,771 − 865 153,500 9,849
Fiscal 2013
6,044,955 4,353,229 1,320,066 5,740,205 2,903,587 1,634,864
234,950 517,566 304,750
94,000 77,931
37,705,176 35,757,563 32,574,923
1,947,613 628,538 1,322,731
255,044 2,437,469
4,294.7 255.4 6.25
4.3 29.4 756.9 − 116.0
78.58 1,962.05 20
59,512 21.9 891 175,000 8,116
Fiscal 2014
7,252,242 5,432,717 1,444,012 6,845,400 3,380,827 2,271,268
168,935 559,344 406,842 112,200 142,476
49,837,202 46,247,274 41,634,712
3,589,927 1,029,622 2,528,262
339,191 3,217,095
5,987.6 286.1 5.53
5.1 28.8 818.2 147 214.7
124.94 3,012.46 28
60,647 22.5 913 168,000 6,509
Fiscal 2015
7,333,947 5,586,000 1,344,852 6,915,780 3,830,941 1,496,360
524,041 661,384 418,166
97,500 178,515
49,924,922 46,991,963 42,922,534
2,932,959 1,129,262 1,840,084
387,292 3,396,202
4,646.1 216.1 3.92
5.5 (21.9)
763.8 98 204.6
150.53 2,472.86 35
61,446 23.3 926 178,100 6,559
Fiscal 2016
6,456,796 4,468,736 1,626,177 6,031,476 3,618,385 1,016,744
342,102 650,985 425,320
85,000 231,286
51,985,850 48,848,583 43,740,238
3,137,266 1,300,756 1,906,091
440,748 3,633,488
5,495.4 145.5 2.94
7.6 20.3 749.2 151 210.1
196.62 2,668.61 43
62,606 24.2 953 171,900 6,998
                                            (1) Total of Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Frontier Life for fiscal 2010. Total of Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Frontier Life, TAL and Dai-ichi Life Vietnam for fiscal 2011 to fiscal 2013. Total of Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Frontier Life, Neo First Life, TAL and Dai-ichi Life Vietnam for fiscal 2014. Total of Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Frontier Life, Neo First Life, Protective, TAL and Dai-ichi Life Vietnam for fiscal 2015 and subsequent figures.
(2) As from fiscal 2014, the extrapolation method beyond the last liquid data point of Japanese interest rate is changed from a method taking into account the yield curve of Japanese swap rate to a method using an ultimate forward rate.
(3) From March 31, 2017, reflects expected rate of return on asset portfolio in valuation of insurance liabilities.
(4) The Company conducted a 1:100 share split on October 1, 2013. Adjustments are made to per share indicators before the share split was conducted.
(5) Total of the Company, the three domestic insurance companies, Figures as of April 1 of the next fiscal year, which represent the percentage for the current fiscal year.
(6) Total of the Company, the three domestic insurance companies, Dai-ichi Life Business Services and Dai-ichi Life Information Systems. Figures as of April 1 of the next fiscal year,
which represent the number of persons for the current fiscal year.
(7) Figures for fiscal 2010 to fiscal 2014 are for Dai-ichi Life only. Fiscal 2015 and subsequent figures are totals for the Dai-ichi Life Group. In Japan, as from fiscal 2017, calculation
for CO2 emissions is changed to a method using the conversion factor specified in the Act on Promotion of Global Warning Countermeasures for emissions of the given fiscal
year. Figures for previous fiscal years are recalculated retroactively using this method.
(8) Figures for fiscal 2010 to fiscal 2014 are for Dai-ichi Life only. Fiscal 2015 and subsequent figures are totals for the Dai-ichi Life Group.
73 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 74
Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

Financial Analysis
FY2015-2017 Reflecting on Our Previous Medium-term Management Plan
Review of FY2017
Economic and Financial Environment
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the global economy grew in both developed and emerging countries in light of improved economic conditions in manufacturing. Amid long-standing economic recovery, although financial markets became unstable at times due to speculation over the U.S. financial and monetary policies, the impact on the real economy was limited, and the global economy has progressed steadily.
The Japanese economy continued to expand, driven by increased exports and production. The household sector also followed a moderate recovery trend, and capital investment continued to increase because of a rebound in domestic and overseas demand and a shortage of labor. As a result, the economy recovered
it expanded. Regarding economies of the regions in which the Dai-ichi Life Group operates, in the U.S. the economy continued to expand due to factors such as increase in consumption. Emerging Asian economies recovered as the Chinese economy bottomed out and the global manufacturing sector performed strongly.
Industry Trends
In Japan, as the low-interest-rate environment continued, the standard rate of return, which is the criteria for accumulating standard policy reserve, was lowered from 0.75% to 0.25% in April 2017. As a result, there was a trend across the industry to review the premium rate of insurance policies. Although domestic life insurance companies focused on selling products such as death insurance, medical and nursing care insurance, annualized net premium of new business of all 41 life insurance companies declined 19.8% from the previous
Annualized Net Premium of New Business of 41 Life Insurance
fiscal year. This was due mainly to a sharp decline in sales of individual annuities, which fell 52.4% as a result of the revision of premium rates. Meanwhile, annualized net premium of new business in the third-sector, including insurance policies for medical and nursing care, increased by 3.2% year on year.
Dai-ichi Life Group’s Operating Results
The Dai-ichi Life Group responded flexibly to the diversifying customer needs under the three brands in Japan. To meet strong demand for savings-type products, we offered single-premium foreign currency-denominated insurance and annuity products through Dai-ichi Frontier Life. Dai-ichi Life and Neo First Life developed and provided medical insurance and products for corporate clients. As a result, annualized net premium of new business of the three domestic companies decreased by 14.1% year on year, while annualized net premium of new business in the third-sector increased by 23.7% year on year. At Dai-ichi Life, sales of flagship protection-type products increased accounting for 80% of annualized net premium of new business.
As for our overseas business, Protective and TAL steadily increased sales of new policies, and Dai-ichi Life Vietnam expanded its alliance channels in addition to its individual agency channel. As a result, annualized net premium of new business of the three overseas life insurance companies increased by 26.5%. As a result, the Group’s annualized net premium of new business decreased by only 7.8%.
Annualized Net Premium of New Business of the Three
  Since our demutualization and listing on the stock exchange in April 2010, the Dai-ichi Life Group has been diversifying its business and geographical distribution both in Japan and abroad in order to increase its corporate value through sustained growth amid major changes in the financial and economic environment. Under D-Ambitious, our medium-term management plan for the period from fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2017, we aimed to accelerate growth through three growth engines. In Japan, we established a domestic three-company structure to provide a variety of products and services to meet customer needs and that are applicable to the current financial and economic environment. For our overseas business, we built a balanced business portfolio which combines growth in emerging markets and stable profit contribution from developed markets. In the asset management business, we established a foundation for growth through the establishment of Asset Management One and Janus Henderson. In addition, in order to establish a management system that supports sustainable growth, we began full-scale operation of regional headquarters in
Group Management Objectives (Quantitative Targets)
North America and Asia Pacific, and shifted to a holding company structure in October 2016.
One of the quantitative targets of the medium-term management plan was to increase annualized net premium from policies in-force, a top-line indicator, by 9% compared to the end of March 2015. We significantly surpassed our target by achieving an increase of 14.1% due to the success of our growth strategies both in Japan and abroad, as mentioned earlier. The target for Group adjusted profit, which is the source of shareholder returns, was 180.0 billion yen, well above the 100.0 billion yen target set in the previous medium-term management plan Action D. For fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, Group adjusted profit significantly surpassed our target at 243.2 billion yen, partly due to external factors such as the rise in the domestic and foreign stock prices. In light of increase in profit, we expect to maintain a dividend increase for the fifth consecutive year. For fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, we expect to achieve a total payout ratio of 40%, combined with a share repurchase of 39.0 billion yen.
as
 Top-line indicator and Group adjusted profit both surpass initial target Enhancement of shareholder returns in light of improvement in accounting income
 Group Annualized Net Premium In-force
Target for the end of Achieved FY2017 +9%
(Up from end of FY2014)
Group Adjusted Profit
Target for FY2017 180 billion yen
One-time investment return increase (Billions of yen)
Achieved
Total Payout Ratio
Target for 40% during the period of D-Ambitious
Dividends per share (Yen)
Expected
   Domestic Life (Trillions of yen)
4.0
3.0 3.21
2.0 1.0
Overseas Life
Compared to the end of March 2015
Total payout ratio
35
243.2 75 30 30 Share 30
Domestic Life Insurance Companies
Individual Insurance Individual Annuities Total
Third-sector
(Billions of yen)
36.1 % (40.9)% (14.1)%
  +14.1%
40
(%)
 3.63 3.67
FY2016 FY2017
300 100 40
   3.39
  200
100
0
214.7
Objective of
Action D
FY2014
204.6
FY2015
210.1
FY2016
Share Repurchase 15 bil. Yen
Share Repurchase 16 bil. Yen
35
FY2015
Share Repurchase 23 bil. Yen
43
FY2016
Repurchase 39 bil. Yen
50
FY2017 (E)
20 10 0
23.7 % (Billions of yen) (14.1)%
26.5 % (7.8)%
  50 D-Ambitious 25 28
Companies in Japan
Individual Insurance Individual Annuities Total
3.3 % Note:Compiled by the Company based on data disclosed by each company.
Group Annualized Net Premium of New Business
   Objective of
(Trillions of yen)
(7.8)% (52.4)% (19.8)%
         0 FY2014
75 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
FY2017
0 FY2014
Domestic Life Overseas Life Group Total
FY2015
Fiscal 2016
129.2
242.6
371.9
61.7
Fiscal 2017
175.9
143.4
319.4
76.3
Year-on-year
      Fiscal 2016
2.4
0.8
  Third-sector
Note:Annualized net premium of new business and annualized net premium of policies in-force of overseas life insurance companies were calculated based on the Group’s criteria.
Annual Report 2018 76
3.3
0.6
Fiscal 2017
2.2
0.4
2.6
0.6
Year-on-year
Fiscal 2016
371.9
68.8
440.7
Fiscal 2017
319.4
87.0
406.4
Year-on-year
   Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

Financial Analysis
  Financial Results of the Dai-ichi Life Group
Consolidated ordinary revenues for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 increased by 9% from the previous fiscal year. The decline in premium income at Dai-ichi Life was more than offset by the increase in premium income from other group companies and the increase in income from interest and dividends at Dai-ichi Life due to the improvement in the financial and economic environment. Consolidated ordinary profit increased by 11% due to the aforementioned factors together with the improvement in net capital gains at Dai-ichi Life. Despite the increase in Dai-ichi Life’s profit, Dai-ichi Frontier Life’s profits declined due to a reversal of policy reserves related to market value adjustments reflecting rising foreign interest rates recorded in the previous fiscal year and provision for contingency reserves reflecting an increase in sales. For the overseas life insurance business, profit declined year on year due to the absence of one-time factors that had a positive effect on profit during the previous year.
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company increased by 57% to 363.9 billion yen. In May 2017,
Janus Capital Group Inc. (approximately 20% share held by Dai-ichi Life Holdings Inc.) and Henderson Group plc merged and the Company recorded a share exchange gain of 33.5 billion yen. In addition, Protective recorded one-time gain of 90.1 billion yen from a re-measurement of deferred tax liabilities as a result of the reduction in U.S. corporate tax rates.
“Group adjusted profit” is the total of Group companies profit after adjustments for non-cash accounting items. Adjustments are made net of tax. The main item added is amortization of goodwill as a consolidation adjustment. Main items deducted are gains or losses on accounting for market value adjustment, net of tax at Dai-ichi Frontier Life, the effect of the U.S. corporate tax reduction at Protective and a share exchange gain as a consolidation adjustment. As a result of these adjustments, Group adjusted profit increased from 210.1 billion yen in the previous fiscal year to 243.2 billion yen.
Our annual cash dividend forecast is 50 yen per share (7 yen increase from the previous fiscal year), which is a 5 yen increase from our initial forecast of 45 yen per share. We also plan a share repurchase of 39.0 billion yen. Together with cash dividends, we expect total dividend payout ratio to reach 40%.
Performance Trends of Major Group Companies
(1) Dai-ichi Life
Fundamental profit, which represents profit from an insurance company’s core business for a given fiscal period, increased from 391.6 billion yen to 429.0 billion yen. Positive spread improved but gains from core insurance activities declined compared to the previous fiscal year. In addition to factors such as the weaker yen and increase in investment returns, positive spread increased because of an increase in income from interest and dividends resulting from investment revenues from gains on distribution from mutual funds. The decline in gains from core insurance activities was due to the effect of provision for policy reserves to fill the gap between the company’s assumed rate of return and standard rates that were revised from April 2017. As aforementioned, net capital gains also improved, and ordinary profit increased by 77.0 billion yen to 358.8 billion yen.
(2) Dai-ichi Frontier Life
Operating income, which represent Dai-ichi Frontier Life’s essential profit, was up due to an increase in sales driven by an increase in sum insured of policies in-force. Market value adjustment related gains decreased compared to the previous year because the rise in interest rates was relatively low. This component was largely affected by the rise in interest rates at the end of 2016. Net income decreased due mainly to an increase in provision for contingency reserve because of an increase in sales of foreign-currency denominated products and increase in corporate tax payment after the utilization of tax losses carried forward during fiscal year ended March 31, 2017.
(3) Protective
Pre-tax adjusted operating income increased marginally from the previous fiscal year. The stable value segment benefited from a combination of higher account balances and improvement in investment income. For the life marketing and annuities segments, there was a positive impact from a favorable year on year comparison of the impact of deferred acquisition costs unlocking after a revision to the assumptions applied for calculating future profit. Earnings from the acquisitions business were down due to the expected runoff of in-force blocks business.
Single-premium immediate annuities benefits increased compared to the previous year and had a negative impact on the annuities segment. However, with respect to the overall business, earnings followed an upward trend.
Net income significantly increased due to one-time
profit of 797.6 million U.S. dollars from a re-measurement
of deferred tax liabilities as a result of the reduction in the
U.S. corporate tax rate.
* Presented based on figures denominated in U.S. dollars, the local currency.
(4) TAL
Ordinary revenues were driven by an increase in premium income of 7% year on year as sum insured of policies in-force accumulated. Income protection claim experience continues to require careful monitoring in light of the economic environment but because of efforts in cost control and price revision at individual segment, the company recorded a 2% improvement in underlying profit, which represents TAL’s essential profit. Net income declined by 13% year on year due to factors including unfavorable investment income compared to the previous year.
* Presented based on figures denominated in Australian dollars, the local currency.
Economic Value Indicators
Group EEV as of March 31, 2018 was approximately 6 trillion yen. This was due to securing new policies and increase in unrealized gains on domestic stocks due to improvements in the financial environment such as the rise in domestic stock prices. Value of new business increased to 190.2 billion yen for fiscal year ended March 2018 due to a product portfolio shift to protection-type products at Dai-ichi Life and increase in sales at Neo First Life. Group new business margin also improved from 2.9% to 4.3% due mainly to Dai-ichi Life’s shift to protection-type products. Items from “value of new business” through “non-economic assumptions change,” amounting to approximately 470 billion yen in total, can be regarded as organic growth in EEV. The organic growth rate, or operating RoEV, was 8.8%. In addition, the annualized average growth over the eight years since demutualization is 11.5%, surpassing the Group target of 8%.
The economic solvency ratio (ESR) improved from the end of the previous fiscal of 151% to 170%. Accumulation of value of new business and increase in unrealized gains were the main factors that contributed to the increase. We aim for ESR between the range of 170% and 200% through risk controlling based on the business environment of each market and financial situation of each business over the medium- to long-term.
    Financial Results of the Dai-ichi Life Group –
Variable Factors of Net Income Attributable to Shareholders of Parent Company
 (Billions of yen)
400 350 300 250 200 150
0
Share exchange gain on Janus Henderson merger
Absence of gain on change of equity relating to
Asset Management One recorded in the previous year
+33.5 (12.4)
  Tax benefit on Protective
(13.1)
+90.1
363.9
+17.7
   Positive spread
Gains from core insurance activities
+46.3 (19.5)
+7.1
   231.2
Fiscal 2016
+26.8
Fundamental profit
+18.7
Net capital gains Dai-ichi Life +52.7
Minimum guarantees* Market value adjustment* Operating income*
+14.4 (21.2)
+10.6
    Tax, provision for contingency
reserve etc.* (16.9)
+75.3
    * Before tax figures
77 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 78
Others
Dai-ichi Frontier Life
Overseas life
Others
Fiscal 2017
 Management Strategies Corporate Governance Data Section

 Overview and Organization of the Insurance Holding Company Corporate Profile
   Trade name
Date of Establishment Head Office
Phone number Official website
Main Business
Capital stock
Number of employees
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
September 15, 1902
13-1, Yurakucho 1-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8411, Japan
81-(0)3-3216-1222
http://www.dai-ichi-life-hd.com/en/
The purpose of the Company shall be to engage in the following businesses:
(1) Business administration of life insurance companies, non-life insurance
companies, and other companies operating as the Company's subsidiaries
pursuant to the provisions of the Insurance Business Act, and
(2) Other business activities incidental to the business listed in the preceding item.
343.1 billion yen 603 persons
                              Management Organization
  79 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Capital Stock and Number of Shares 1. Capital stock
     Date
  April 1, 2010
April 1, 2015
2. Number of shares and shareholders
(As of March 31, 2018) 4,000,000 thousand shares
Number of shareholders
(Note) Numbers of shares less than one thousand are disregarded. 3. Type of issued shares
Common stock
(Note) Numbers of shares less than one thousand are disregarded.
(As of March 31, 2018)
Increase in capital
9 million yen 210,224 million yen
Capital stock after increase
Exercise of stock options
Details
    210,200 million yen
210,200 million yen
Reconciliation of net assets associated with the change in corporate structure to a public company from a mutual company
   April 2, 2012
7 million yen 210,207 million yen
Exercise of stock options
      April 1, 2013
8 million yen 210,215 million yen
Exercise of stock options
      June 21, 2013
      June 25, 2014
37 million yen 210,262 million yen
Exercise of stock options
      July 23, 2014
124,178 million yen 334,440 million yen
Issuance of new shares by way of public offering
      August 19, 2014
8,663 million yen 343,104 million yen
Third-party allotment associated with the secondary offering through over-allotment
      42 million yen
343,146 million yen
Exercise of stock options
 Number of shares authorized to be issued
 Number of issued shares
  1,198,023 thousand shares
  774,428 persons
   Type
Number of issued shares
Details
   1,198,023 thousand shares
―
Annual Report 2018 80

 4. Major Shareholders (Top 10)
(As of March 31, 2018) Ownership in the Company
  Name of shareholders
  Shares held
thousands of shares 60,853
51,134 45,000 38,203
37,800
21,736 21,321 20,000 19,947 17,923
                            (Notes) 1. The treasury stock held by the Company (28,960 thousands of shares) is excluded from the above Major Shareholders.
2. Numbers of shares less than one thousand are disregarded.
3. Percentage figures of ownership are calculated after deducting the number of treasury stock from the number of issued shares,
5. Independent Auditor KPMG AZSA LLC
81 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
and figures less than the second decimal place are disregarded.
Percentage
   % 5.20
4.37 3.84 3.26
3.23
1.85 1.82 1.71 1.70 1.53
  Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL
BNY GCM CLIENT ACCOUNT JPRD AC ISG (FE-AC)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 9)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.
STATE STREET BANK
WEST CLIENT - TREATY 505234
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 7)
          Overview of the Insurance Holding Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
Main Businesses and Organization
Main businesses operated by the Company and its 79 subsidiaries and 27 affiliated companies, and the positioning of the group companies with respect to each of these businesses, are described as follows.
〈Diagram of the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies〉
(Notes) 1. Company names of principal subsidiaries and affiliated companies are shown.
2. Company names with "*" are consolidated subsidiaries and "○" are affiliated companies under the equity method as of March 31,
2018.
  Annual Report 2018 82

 List of Group Companies
        Company Name
Date of Establishment
Location
Capital
Principal Business (Note 1)
Percentage of voting rights of subsidiaries, etc. held by the Company (%)
      (Consolidated Subsidiary)
The Dai-ichi Life
Insurance Company, Limited
April 1, 2016
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Life insurance business in Japan
100.0%
       The Dai-ichi Frontier Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
December 1, 2006
Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo
Life insurance business in Japan
100.0%
       The Neo First Life
Insurance Company, Limited
April 23, 1999
Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo
Life insurance business in Japan
100.0%
       Protective Life Corporation
July 24, 1907
Birmingham, U.S.A.
Overseas insurance business
100.0%
       TAL Dai-ichi Life Australia Pty Ltd
March 25, 2011
Sydney, Australia
Overseas insurance business
100.0%
       TAL Dai-ichi Life Group Pty Ltd
March 25, 2011
Sydney, Australia
Overseas insurance business
0.0%
       TAL Life Limited
October 11, 1990
Sydney, Australia
Overseas insurance business
0.0%
     Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company of Vietnam, Limited
January 18, 2007
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Overseas insurance business
100.0%
          (Affiliated Company Under the Equity Method)
Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company Limited
September 25, 2007
Navi Mumbai, India
Overseas insurance business
45.9%
0.0%
       PT Panin Internasional
July 24, 1998
Jakarta, Indonesia
Overseas insurance business
36.8%
       PT Panin Dai-ichi Life
July 19, 1974
Jakarta, Indonesia
Overseas insurance business
5.0%
       OCEAN LIFE INSURANCE PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED
January 11, 1949
Bangkok, Thailand
Overseas insurance business
24.0%
       Corporate-Pension Business Service Co., Ltd.
October 1, 2001
Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo
Other business
0.0%
       Asset Management One Co., Ltd.
July 1, 1985
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Other business
49.0%
      NEOSTELLA CAPITAL CO., LTD.
December 1, 1989
Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Other business
0.0%
       Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd.
January 22, 2001
Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Other business
0.0%
     Japan Excellent Asset Management Co., Ltd.
April 14, 2005
60.0 billion JPY
117.5 billion JPY
27.6 billion JPY
10 USD
1.630 billion AUD
2.217 billion AUD
0.604 billion AUD
5,407.5 billion VND
2.589 billion INR
1,022.5 billion IDR
1,067.3 billion IDR
2.360 billion THB
6.0 billion JPY
2.0 billion JPY
100 million JPY
50.0 billion JPY
400 million JPY
Percentage of voting rights of subsidiaries, etc. held by Group companies (%) (Note 2)
0.0% 0.0%
0.0% 0.0% 0.0%
100.0% 100.0% 0.0%
0.0% 95.0% 0.0% 50.0% 0.0% 50.0% 16.0% 0.0% 36.0%
Minato-ku, Tokyo
(Notes) 1. "Principal Business" is categorized with the three reportable segments of the Company.
2. "Percentage of voting rights of subsidiaries, etc. held by Group companies" represent percentages including the those of indirect
83 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
voting rights, which in turn include the percentages of "voting rights held by any persons who are found to exercise their voting rights in the same manner as the intent of the subject person due to their close ties with the subject person in terms of contribution, personnel affairs, funds, technology, transactions, etc. and those held by any persons who have given their consent to exercising their voting rights in the same manner as the intent of the subject person."
Other business
 Main Businesses of the Insurance Holding Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
Key Management Indicators
Comprehensive income (million yen)
Consolidated solvency margin ratio (%)
Outline of business
Fiscal Year Ended March 31,
    Ordinary revenues (million yen)
 Ordinary profit (million yen)
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company (million yen)
       2014 2015 2016 2017
2018
         6,044,955 7,252,242 7,333,947 6,456,796
7,037,827
         304,750 406,842 418,166 425,320
471,994
         77,931 142,476 178,515 231,286
363,928
          300,180
1,384,315
(592,867)
264,969
684,757
  As of March 31,
      2014 2015 2016 2017
2018
          Total net assets (million yen)
1,947,613 3,589,927 2,932,959 3,137,266
3,749,271
          Total assets (million yen)
37,705,176 49,837,202 49,924,922 51,985,850
53,603,028
          756.9
818.2
763.8
749.2
838.3
 Ordinary revenues for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 increased by 9.0% compared to the prior fiscal year to 7,037.8 billion yen, consisting of 4,884.5 billion yen (9.3% increase) of premium and other income, 1,802.6 billion yen (10.9% increase) of investment income, and 350.6 billion yen (3.1% decrease) of other ordinary revenues.
Meanwhile, the Group's ordinary expenses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 increased by 8.9% compared to the prior fiscal year to 6,565.8 billion yen, consisting of 3,789.9 billion yen (4.7% increase) of benefits and claims, 1,223.8 billion yen (20.4% increase) of provision for policy reserves and others, 548.9 billion yen (60.5% increase) of investment expenses, 661.1 billion yen (1.6% increase) of operating expenses, and 341.9 billion yen (15.2% decrease) of other ordinary expenses.
Consequently, the Group's ordinary profit for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 increased by 11.0% compared to the prior fiscal year to 471.9 billion yen. Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company, which is ordinary profit after extraordinary gains and losses, provision for reserve for policyholder dividends and total of corporate income taxes, increased by 57.4% compared to the prior fiscal year to 363.9 billion yen due to the impact of a re-measurement of deferred tax liabilities as a result of a reduction in the United States corporate tax rate recognized at Protective Life Corporation.
Segment results were as follows: (1) Domestic Life Insurance Business
Ordinary revenues for the domestic life insurance business increased compared to the prior fiscal year by 482.5 billion yen, or 9.4%, to 5,616.2 billion yen due mainly to an increase in sales of foreign currency-denominated products at The Dai-ichi Frontier Life Insurance Co., Ltd. Segment profit increased compared to the prior fiscal year by 71.7 billion yen, or 21.1%, to 411.5 billion yen due mainly to an increase in interest and dividends income at The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited.
(2) Overseas insurance business
Ordinary revenues for the overseas insurance business increased compared to the prior fiscal year by 87.7 billion yen,
or 6.4%, to 1,461.5 billion yen due mainly to Protective Life Corporation's improvements in investment income in light of the rise in stock prices in the United States. Segment profit decreased compared to the prior fiscal year by 25.8 billion yen, or 30.1%, to 60.1 billion yen due mainly to lower realized gain related to modified co-insurance contracts at Protective Life Corporation.
(3) Other business
Ordinary revenues for other business increased compared to the prior fiscal year by 22.8 billion yen, or 54.6%, to 64.5
Annual Report 2018 84

 billion yen mainly because of a share exchange gain recorded in relation to the merger between Janus Capital Group Inc., which was an affiliated company of Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. and Henderson Group plc. Segment profit increased compared to the prior fiscal year by 27.5 billion yen, or 132.8%, to 48.2 billion yen.
85 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Consolidated Balance Sheet
(Unit: million yen)
As of March 31,
(Unit: million US dollars)
2018
8,389 1,549 1,836 4,930
422,787 32,828 10,641
7,283 3,257 40 0 59 3,906 813 484 2,608 885 15,777 11 1,021 (14) (4) 504,546
428,405 4,870 419,782 3,752 2,059 9,120 18,807 3,889
13
8 1,842 1,842 3,368 719 1,021 469,255
3,229 3,102 9,195 (565)
14,962 21,067 (90) (116) (463) (80) 20,315 12 35,290 504,546
                 (ASSETS)
Cash and deposits
Call loans
Monetary claims bought Money held in trust Securities
Loans
Tangible fixed assets
Land
Buildings
Leased assets Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets Software
Goodwill
Other intangible fixed assets
Reinsurance receivable
Other assets
Deferred tax assets
Customers' liabilities for acceptances and guarantees Reserve for possible loan losses
Reserve for possible investment losses Total assets
(LIABILITIES)
Policy reserves and others
Reserves for outstanding claims Policy reserves
Reserve for policyholder dividends
Reinsurance payable
Bonds payable
Other liabilities
Net defined benefit liabilities
Reserve for retirement benefits of directors,
executive officers and corporate auditors
Reserve for possible reimbursement of prescribed claims Reserves under the special laws
Reserve for price fluctuations Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation Acceptances and guarantees
Total liabilities
(NET ASSETS)
Capital stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax Deferred hedge gains (losses)
Reserve for land revaluation
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans Total accumulated other comprehensive income Subscription rights to shares
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
2017
881,965 98,500 198,294 333,111 43,650,962 3,566,603 1,138,416 775,384 351,393 5,097 691 5,848 433,236 71,933 57,938 303,364 91,248 1,492,098 150 103,786 (2,079) (444)
51,985,850
44,694,128 568,005 43,740,238 385,884 208,621 989,743 1,852,035 421,560
1,498
800 174,677 174,677 324,496 77,236 103,786 48,848,583
343,146 329,740 665,345 (37,476)
1,300,756 1,906,091 (25,243) (17,541) (8,178) (19,865) 1,835,262 1,247 3,137,266 51,985,850
2018
891,285 164,600 195,133 523,828
44,916,958 3,487,682 1,130,525
773,762 346,027 4,276 97 6,362 414,995 86,422 51,481 277,091 94,064 1,676,172 1,201 108,514 (1,497) (436)
53,603,028
45,513,790 517,422 44,597,717 398,650 218,791 968,938 1,998,151 413,189
1,384
900 195,797 195,797 357,859 76,438 108,514 49,853,756
343,146 329,653 976,899 (60,076)
1,589,623 2,238,159 (9,649) (12,423) (49,201) (8,584) 2,158,300 1,348 3,749,271 53,603,028
                                                                                  Annual Report 2018 86

 Consolidated Statement of Earnings
(Unit: million yen)
Year ended March 31,
(Unit: million US dollars)
2018
66,244 45,976 16,967 11,270
2,018 2,227 233 3 13 1,199 3,300
61,801 35,673 11,083
6,175 4,306 7,566 6,541
11,519 11,441 78 5,167 412 11 1,091 44 40 742 2,308 – 1 9 125 378 6,222 3,218
4,442
321 6
315
– 0
        323
         13
        109
        198
          2
894 3,546 1,069 (948) 120 3,425 – 3,425
             ORDINARY REVENUES Premium and other income Investment income
Interest and dividends
Gains on investments in trading securities Gains on sale of securities
Gains on redemption of securities
Reversal of reserve for possible loan losses Other investment income
Gains on investments in separate accounts
Other ordinary revenues
ORDINARY EXPENSES Benefits and claims
Claims
Annuities Benefits Surrender values Other refunds
Provision for policy reserves and others
Provision for policy reserves
Provision for interest on policyholder dividends
Investment expenses
Interest expenses
Losses on money held in trust
Losses on sale of securities
Losses on valuation of securities
Losses on redemption of securities
Derivative transaction losses
Foreign exchange losses
Provision for reserve for possible loan losses Provision for reserve for possible investment losses Write-down of loans
Depreciation of real estate for rent and others Other investment expenses
Operating expenses Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit
EXTRAORDINARY GAINS
Gains on disposal of fixed assets
Gains on exchange of stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated companies
Gains on changes in equity
Other extraordinary gains
EXTRAORDINARY LOSSES
Losses on disposal of fixed assets Impairment losses on fixed assets Provision for reserve for price fluctuations Other extraordinary losses
Provision for reserve for policyholder dividends Income before income taxes
Corporate income taxes-current
Corporate income taxes-deferred
Total of corporate income taxes
Net Income
Net income attributable to non-controlling interests
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company
2017
6,456,796 4,468,736 1,626,177 1,107,793
138,124 223,704 39,373 – 1,461 115,719 361,883
6,031,476 3,618,385 1,219,541
635,941 445,932 686,261 630,708
1,016,744 1,008,360 8,384 342,102 40,902 12,236 94,260 27,172 2,900 29,464 73,705 329 21 737 13,784 46,587 650,985 403,258
425,320 17,495
4,984 –
12,493 16
47,447
13,975 13,742 19,430
299 85,000
310,367
68,151 10,919
79,071 231,295 9 231,286
2018
7,037,827 4,884,579 1,802,626 1,197,362
214,470 236,702 24,835 343 1,484 127,428 350,621
6,565,833 3,789,907 1,177,487
656,046 457,515 803,906 694,950
1,223,870 1,215,562 8,308 548,957 43,866 1,244 115,943 4,709 4,338 78,917 245,255 – 205 992 13,286 40,199 661,110 341,986
471,994
34,182 651
33,507
– 23
34,416 1,446 11,589 21,120 259
95,000 376,760
113,588 (100,757) 12,831 363,928 – 363,928
                                                                                         87 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
(Unit: million yen)
Year ended March 31,
(Unit: million US dollars)
2018
3,425
3,153 146 (0) (268) 106
(118) 3,019 6,445
6,445 –
            Net income
Other comprehensive income
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax Deferred hedge gains (losses)
Reserve for land revaluation
Foreign currency translation adjustments Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax Share of other comprehensive income of subsidiaries and
affiliates accounted for under the equity method
Total other comprehensive income Comprehensive income
(Details)
Attributable to shareholders of parent company Attributable to non-controlling interests
2017
231,295
65,641 (21,377) (27) (23,674) 13,859
(748)
33,673 264,969
264,962 7
2018
363,928
335,075 15,579 (3) (28,541) 11,288
(12,568)
320,828 684,757
684,757 –
                        Annual Report 2018 88

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
Year ended March 31, 2017
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Capital stock
343,146
Capital surplus
330,105
Shareholders' equity
Retained earnings
479,241
Treasury stock
(23,231)
(15,999) 1,754
(14,245) (37,476)
(Unit: million yen)
Foreign currency translation adjustments
16,570
(24,749) (24,749) (8,178)
Non-controlling interests
72
(72) (72) –
(Unit: million yen)
Total shareholders' equity
1,129,262
(41,497) 231,286 (15,999)
1,389 (2,548) (1,478)
1,111 (767)
171,494 1,300,756
                     Dividends (41,497) Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company 231,286 Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock (364)
Change in scope of consolidation (2,548) Change in scope of equity method (1,478) Transfer from reserve for land revaluation 1,111 Others (767) Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
          Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Change in scope of consolidation
Change in scope of equity method
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Others
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Change in scope of consolidation
Change in scope of equity method
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Others
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
– 343,146
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax
1,840,084
66,007
66,007 1,906,091
(364) 186,104 329,740 665,345
Accumulated other comprehensive income
                                  Deferred hedge gains (losses)
(3,865)
(21,377) (21,377) (25,243)
Reserve for land revaluation
(16,402)
(1,138)
(1,138) (17,541)
Subscription rights to shares
925
321
321 1,247
                                                Accumulated other comprehensive income
(Unit: million yen)
Total net assets
2,932,959
(41,497) 231,286 (15,999)
1,389 (2,548) (1,478)
1,111 (767) 32,812 204,307 3,137,266
   Accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans
(33,688)
13,822
13,822 (19,865)
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
1,802,698
32,564
32,564 1,835,262
                                                89 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets (Continued)
Year ended March 31, 2018
(Unit: million yen)
Total shareholders' equity
1,300,756
(50,531) 363,928 (22,999)
312 - - (5,121) 3,277
288,866 1,589,623
           Capital stock
Capital surplus
Shareholders' equity
Retained Treasury earnings stock
          Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
665,345 (37,476) 363,928
343,146
Dividends (50,531)
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Change in scope of consolidation
(87)
(22,999) 400
Change in scope of equity method
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Others 3,277 Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
329,740
(5,121)
          Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Change in scope of consolidation
Change in scope of equity method
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Others
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Change in scope of consolidation
Change in scope of equity method
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Others
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
- 343,146
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax
1,906,091
332,068
332,068 2,238,159
(87) 311,553 (22,599) 329,653 976,899 (60,076)
                              Accumulated other comprehensive income
(Unit: million yen)
Foreign currency translation adjustments
    Deferred hedge gains (losses)
(25,243)
15,594 15,594 (9,649)
Reserve for land revaluation
                                                Accumulated other comprehensive income
(17,541) (8,178)
5,117 (41,023)
5,117 (41,023) (12,423) (49,201)
Subscription Non-controlling rights to shares interests
(Unit: million yen)
Total net assets
3,137,266
(50,531) 363,928 (22,999)
312 - - (5,121) 3,277 323,138 612,005 3,749,271
   Accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans
(19,865)
11,280 11,280 (8,584)
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
1,835,262
323,037
323,037 2,158,300
1,247
101
101 1,348
-
- - -
                                                Annual Report 2018 90

 Year ended March 31, 2018
(Unit: million US dollars)
                    Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Capital stock
3,229
Capital surplus
3,103
Shareholders' equity Retained earnings
6,262
Treasury stock
(352)
(216) 3
(212) (565)
Total shareholders' equity
12,243
(475) 3,425 (216) 2 – – (48) 30
2,718 14,962
Dividends (475) Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company 3,425 Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock (0)
Change in scope of consolidation
Change in scope of equity method
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation (48) Others 30 Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
          Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
– 3,229
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax
(0) 2,932 3,102 9,195
                         (Unit: million US dollars) Accumulated other comprehensive income
                Balance at the beginning of the year 17,941 Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company
Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Change in scope of consolidation
Change in scope of equity method
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Others
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity 3,125
Total changes for the year 3,125 Balance at the end of the year 21,067
Deferred hedge gains (losses)
(237)
146 146 (90)
Reserve for land revaluation
(165)
48
48 (116)
Subscription rights to shares
11
0
0 12
Foreign currency translation adjustments
(76)
(386) (386) (463)
                            (Unit: million US dollars)
           Accumulated other comprehensive income
                Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company Purchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Change in scope of consolidation
Change in scope of equity method
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Others
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans
(186)
106 106 (80)
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
17,274
3,040
3,040 20,315
Non-controlling interests
–
– – –
Total net assets
29,529
(475) 3,425 (216)
2 – –
(48) 30 3,041 5,760 35,290
                                   91 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
(Unit: million yen)
Year ended March 31,
(Unit: million US dollars)
2018
3,546 125 406 109 35 (337) 9,453 78 894 (5) (0) 9 – 78
(1)
0 198 (11,270) (4,503) 412 2,308 5 (52) (315) – (57)
(379) 146
1,505
(2) 1,194 3,586 12,766 (483) (852) (3,479) (533) 11,004
(274) 307 (3,347) 1,539 (90,962) 83,317 (6,736) 7,133 293 (8,728)
2,276 (334) 26 (321) –
– (15) (9,373)
          CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Income before income taxes
Depreciation of real estate for rent and others
Depreciation 52,477 Impairment losses on fixed assets
2017
2018
376,760 13,286 43,208 11,589
3,823 (35,828) 1,004,292 8,308 95,000 (564) (8) 992 – 8,378
(114)
100 21,120 (1,197,362) (478,445) 43,866 245,255 595 (5,528) (33,507) – (6,147)
(40,271) 15,603
159,932
(223) 126,897 381,008 1,356,311 (51,328) (90,542) (369,626) (56,686) 1,169,136
(29,134) 32,648 (355,628) 163,600 (9,663,806) 8,851,662 (715,646) 757,822 31,173 (927,308)
241,828 (35,547) 2,818 (34,129) –
– (1,696) (995,862)
  Amortization of goodwill
Increase (decrease) in reserves for outstanding claims
Increase (decrease) in policy reserves
Provision for interest on policyholder dividends
Provision for (reversal of) reserve for policyholder dividends Increase (decrease) in reserve for possible loan losses
Increase (decrease) in reserve for possible investment losses Write-down of loans
Decrease (increase) in net defined benefit assets
Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit liabilities
Increase (decrease) in reserve for retirement benefits of directors,
executive officers and corporate auditors
Increase (decrease) in reserve for possible reimbursement of
prescribed claims
Increase (decrease) in reserve for price fluctuations
Interest and dividends
Securities related losses (gains)
Interest expenses
Foreign exchange losses (gains)
Losses (gains) on disposal of fixed assets
Equity in losses (income) of affiliates
Gains on exchange of stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated companies Losses (gains) on changes in equity
Decrease (increase) in reinsurance receivable
Decrease (increase) in other assets unrelated to investing and
financing activities
Increase (decrease) in reinsurance payable
Increase (decrease) in other liabilities unrelated to investing and
financing activities
Increase (decrease) in accounts payable relating to introduction of
defined-contribution pension plan Others, net
13,742 3,600 (9,289) 978,172 8,384 85,000 392 21 737 182 42
(379)
– 19,430 (1,107,793) (392,587) 40,902 73,705 8,810 (6,424) – (12,493) 13,550
(59,108) 127,673
(372)
(5,562)
87,305 Subtotal 244,273
310,367 13,784
     Interest and dividends received Interest paid
Policyholder dividends paid Others, net
Corporate income taxes paid
Net cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of monetary claims bought
Proceeds from sale and redemption of monetary claims bought Purchases of money held in trust
Proceeds from decrease in money held in trust
Purchases of securities
Proceeds from sale and redemption of securities
Origination of loans
Proceeds from collection of loans
Others, net
Total of net cash provided by (used in) investment transactions Total of net cash provided by (used in) operating activities and
investment transactions
Acquisition of tangible fixed assets
Proceeds from sale of tangible fixed assets
Acquisition of intangible fixed assets
Proceeds from sale of intangible fixed assets
Acquisition of stock of subsidiaries resulting in change in scope
of consolidation
Acquisition of stock of subsidiaries
Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities
1,290,823 (45,850) (98,201)
86,799 (101,035) 1,376,809
(27,915) 61,957 (267,918) 9,743 (8,191,513) 6,284,811 (515,666) 625,331 (205,412) (2,226,581)
(849,771) (39,785) 35,418 (28,468) 12
(612) – (2,260,016)
                                   Annual Report 2018 92

 (Unit: million yen)
Year ended March 31,
(Unit: million US dollars)
2018
569 (749) 585 (588) (20) 92 (216) (474)
(1)
0 (804) (117) 709 9,228
– 9,938
      CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from borrowings
Repayment of borrowings
Proceeds from issuing bonds
Redemption of bonds
Repayment of financial lease obligations
Net increase (decrease) in short-term financing
Purchase of treasury stock
Cash dividends paid
Acquisitions of stock of subsidiaries that do not result in change in scope of consolidation
Others, net
Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents due to changes in the subsidiaries included in the scope of consolidation
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
2017
480,869 (70,841) 540,634 (24,622)
(1,697)
41,882 (15,999) (41,412)
– 1,273
910,086 (1,950) 24,928
961,221 (5,683) 980,465
2018
60,455 (79,665) 62,176 (62,545) (2,177) 9,862 (22,999) (50,413)
(114)
0 (85,421) (12,432) 75,419 980,465
– 1,055,885
                                                  93 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2018
I. BASIS FOR PRESENTATION
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared from the accounts maintained by Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (the "Company") and its consolidated subsidiaries in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, and in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan ("Japanese GAAP") which are different in certain respects from the application and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards.
Certain items presented in the consolidated financial statements are reclassified for the convenience of readers outside Japan. The notes to the consolidated financial statements include information which is not required under Japanese GAAP but is presented herein as additional information.
The amounts indicated in millions of yen are rounded down by truncating the figures below one million. Totals may not add up exactly because of such truncation. Amounts in U.S. dollars are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan. The rate of ¥106.24=US$1.00, the foreign exchange rate on March 31, 2018, has been used for translation of the truncated figures in Japanese yen. The inclusion of such amounts is not intended to imply that Japanese yen has been or could be readily converted, realized or settled into U.S. dollars at that rate or any other rate.
II. PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION
1. Scope of Consolidation
The number of consolidated subsidiaries as of March 31, 2018 was sixty-one. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, "the Group"), including The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited ("DL"), The Dai-ichi Frontier Life Insurance Co., Ltd. ("DFLI"), The Neo First Life Insurance Company, Limited ("Neo First Life"), Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company of Vietnam, Limited ("DLVN"), TAL Dai-ichi Life Australia Pty Ltd ("TDLA") and Protective Life Corporation.
Effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, one subsidiary of TDLA was included in the scope of consolidation.
Effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, one subsidiary of TDLA was excluded from the scope of consolidation as it had been liquidated.
The number of non-consolidated subsidiaries as of March 31, 2018 was eighteen. The main subsidiaries that are not consolidated for the purposes of financial reporting are The Dai-ichi Life Information Systems Co., Ltd., Dai-ichi Seimei Business Service K.K and First U Anonymous Association.
The eighteen non-consolidated subsidiaries as of March 31, 2018 had, individually and in the aggregate, a minimal impact on the consolidated financial statements in terms of total assets, sales, net income (loss) (amount corresponding to equity interest), retained earnings (amount corresponding to equity interest), cash flows, and others.
2. Application of the Equity Method
The number of non-consolidated subsidiaries under the equity method as of March 31, 2018 was zero.
The number of affiliated companies under the equity method as of March 31, 2018 was twenty-three. The affiliated companies included Asset Management One Co., Ltd., Trust & Custody Services Bank Ltd., Corporate-pension Business Service Co., Ltd., Japan Excellent Asset Management Co., Ltd., NEOSTELLA CAPITAL CO., LTD., OCEAN LIFE INSURANCE PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED, Star Union Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company Limited, and PT Panin Internasional.
Effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, one affiliated company of Asset Management One Co., Ltd. was excluded from the scope of the equity method as it had been sold.
As a result of the business integration with Henderson Group plc, effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the total twenty-four companies of Janus Capital Group Inc. were excluded from the scope of the equity method.
Effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, one affiliated company of TDLA was excluded from the scope of the equity method as it had been liquidated.
The non-consolidated subsidiaries (The Dai-ichi Life Information Systems Co., Ltd., Dai-ichi Seimei Business Service K.K. and First U Anonymous Association and others), as well as affiliated companies (Mizuho-DL Financial Technology Co., Ltd., O.M. Building Management Co., Ltd., and others) were not accounted for under the equity method. These companies had, individually and in the aggregate, a minimal impact on the consolidated financial statements, in terms of the net income (loss) (amount corresponding to equity interest), retained earnings (amount corresponding to equity interest) and others.
3. Year-end Dates of Consolidated Subsidiaries
The closing date of domestic consolidated subsidiaries is March 31, whereas that of consolidated overseas subsidiaries is December 31 or March 31. Financial information as of those closing dates is used to prepare the consolidated financial statements, although the necessary adjustments are made when significant transactions take place between the account closing date of an individual subsidiary and that of the consolidated financial statements.
Annual Report 2018 94

 4. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (1) Valuation Methods of Securities
Securities held by the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries including cash and deposits and monetary claims bought which are equivalent to marketable securities, and marketable securities managed as trust assets in money held in trust, are carried as explained below:
The amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts is calculated by the straight-line method.
a) Trading Securities
Trading securities are carried at fair value with cost determined by the moving average method.
b) Held-to-maturity Bonds
Held-to-maturity bonds are stated at amortized cost determined by the moving average method.
c) Policy-reserve-matching Bonds (in accordance with the Industry Audit Committee Report No.21 "Temporary Treatment of Accounting and Auditing Concerning Policy-reserve-matching Bonds in the Insurance Industry" issued by the Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants (JICPA))
Policy-reserve-matching bonds are stated at amortized cost determined by the moving average method.
d) Stocks of Non-consolidated Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies Not Accounted for under the Equity Method
Stocks of non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies not accounted for under the equity method are stated at cost determined by the moving average method.
e) Available-for-sale Securities
i) Available-for-sale Securities with Fair Values
Available-for-sale securities which have market value are valued at fair value at the end of the fiscal year (for
domestic stocks, the average market value during March), with cost determined by the moving average method. ii) Available-for-sale Securities Whose Fair Values Are Extremely Difficult to Recognize
a. Government/Corporate Bonds (including Foreign Bonds), Whose Premium or Discount Represents the Interest Adjustment
Government/corporate bonds (including foreign bonds), whose premium or discount represents the interest adjustment are valued at the amortized cost determined by the moving average method.
b. Others
All others are valued at cost determined by the moving average method.
Net unrealized gains or losses on these available-for-sale securities are presented as a separate component of net assets and not in the consolidated statement of earnings.
Securities held by certain consolidated overseas subsidiaries are stated at cost determined by the first-in first-out.
(2) Valuation Method of Derivative Transactions
Derivative transactions are reported at fair value.
(3) Depreciation of Depreciable Assets
a) Depreciation of Tangible Fixed Assets Excluding Leased Assets
Depreciation of tangible fixed assets excluding leased assets of the Company and its domestic consolidated
subsidiaries is calculated by the declining balance method (the depreciation of buildings (other than facilities attached to buildings and structures that were acquired on or before March 31, 2016) is calculated by the straight-line method).
Estimated useful lives of major assets are as follows: Buildings two to sixty years Other tangible fixed assets two to twenty years
Tangible fixed assets other than land and buildings that were acquired for ¥100,000 or more but less than ¥200,000 are depreciated at equal amounts over three years.
With respect to tangible fixed assets that were acquired on or before March 31, 2007 and that were fully depreciated to their original depreciable limit, effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2008, the remaining values are depreciated at equal amounts over five years from the following fiscal year of the year in which they reached the original depreciable limit.
Depreciation of tangible fixed assets owned by consolidated overseas subsidiaries is calculated by the straight-line method.
b) Amortization of Intangible Fixed Assets Excluding Leased Assets
The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries use the straight-line method for amortization of intangible fixed assets
excluding leased assets. Software for internal use is amortized by the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of two to eight years.
c) Depreciation of Leased Assets
Depreciation of leased assets with regard to finance leases whose ownership does not transfer to the lessees is
computed under the straight-line method assuming zero salvage value and using the lease period as the useful life.
95 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 (4) Reserve for Possible Loan Losses
The reserve for possible loan losses of consolidated subsidiaries that operate a life insurance business in Japan is calculated based on the internal rules for self-assessment, write-offs, and reserves on assets.
For loans to and claims on obligors that have already experienced bankruptcy, reorganization, or other formal legal failure (hereafter, "bankrupt obligors") and loans to and claims on obligors that have suffered substantial business failure (hereafter, "substantially bankrupt obligors"), the reserve is calculated by deducting the estimated recoverable amount of the collateral or guarantees from the book value of the loans and claims after the direct write-off described below.
For loans to and claims on obligors that have not yet suffered business failure but are considered highly likely to fail (hereafter, "obligors at risk of bankruptcy"), the reserve is calculated, taking into account a) the recoverable amount covered by the collateral or guarantees and b) an overall assessment of the obligor's ability to repay.
For other loans and claims, the reserve is calculated by multiplying the actual rate or other appropriate rate of losses from bad debts during a certain period in the past by the amount of the loans and claims.
For all loans and claims, the relevant department in each subsidiary performs an asset quality assessment based on the internal rules for self-assessment, and an independent audit department audits the result of the assessment. The above reserves are established based on the result of this assessment.
For loans and claims to bankrupt and substantially bankrupt obligors, the unrecoverable amount is calculated by deducting the amount deemed recoverable from collateral and guarantees from the amount of the loans and claims and is directly written off from the amount of the loans and claims. The amounts written off during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥55 million and ¥6 million (US$0 million), respectively.
The reserve for possible loan losses of consolidated subsidiaries that do not operate a life insurance business in Japan is calculated mainly by considering the estimated recoverable amount from the book value of individual loans.
(5) Reserve for Possible Investment Losses
In order to provide for future investment losses, a reserve for possible investment losses is established for securities whose fair values are extremely difficult to recognize. It is calculated based on the internal rules for self-assessment, write- offs, and reserves on assets.
(6) Reserve for Retirement Benefits of Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Auditors
For the reserve for retirement benefits of directors, executive officers and corporate auditors, an estimated amount for future payment in accordance with the internal policies of certain consolidated subsidiaries is provided.
(7) Reserve for Possible Reimbursement of Prescribed Claims
To prepare for the reimbursement of claims for which prescription periods had expired, an estimated amount for reserve for possible reimbursement of prescribed claims based on past reimbursement experience is provided.
(8) Net Defined Benefit Liabilities
For the net defined benefit liabilities, the amount is provided by deducting the pension assets from the projected benefit obligations based on the estimated amounts as of March 31, 2018. The accounting treatment for retirement benefits is as follows.
a) Allocation of Estimated Retirement Benefits
In calculating the projected benefit obligations, the benefit formula basis is adopted to allocate estimated retirement
benefit for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
b) Amortization of Actuarial Differences
Actuarial differences are amortized under the straight-line method through a certain period (seven years) within the
employees' average remaining service period, starting from the following year. Certain consolidated overseas subsidiaries apply corridor approach.
Certain consolidated subsidiaries apply the simplified method in calculating their projected benefit obligations.
(9) Reserve for Price Fluctuations
A reserve for price fluctuations is calculated based on the book value of stocks and other securities at the end of the year in accordance with the provisions of Article 115 of the Insurance Business Act.
Annual Report 2018 96

 (10) Translation of Assets and Liabilities Denominated in Foreign Currencies into Yen
The Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries translate foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities (excluding stocks of its non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies which are not accounted for under the equity method) into yen at the prevailing exchange rates at the end of the year. Stocks of non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies which are not accounted for under the equity method are translated into yen at the exchange rates on the dates of acquisition. Assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses of the Company's consolidated overseas subsidiaries are translated into yen at the exchange rates at the end of their fiscal year.
Translation adjustments associated with the consolidated overseas subsidiaries are included in foreign currency translation adjustments in the net assets section of the consolidated balance sheet.
For certain consolidated subsidiaries of the Company, changes in fair value of bonds included in foreign currency- denominated available-for-sale securities related to foreign currency-denominated insurance contracts are divided into two: changes in fair value due to changes in market prices in their original currencies are accounted for as "net unrealized gains (losses) on securities", and the remaining changes are reported in "foreign exchange gains (losses)".
(11) Hedge Accounting
a) Methods for Hedge Accounting
As for the Company and certain of its domestic consolidated subsidiaries, hedging transactions are accounted for in
accordance with the "Accounting Standards for Financial Instruments" (ASBJ Statement No.10 issued on March 10, 2008). Primarily, i) special hedge accounting and the deferral hedge method for interest rate swaps are used for cash flow hedges of certain loans, government and corporate bonds, loans payable and bonds payable; ii) the currency allotment method and the deferral hedge method using foreign currency swaps, foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency-denominated monetary claims are used for cash flow hedges against exchange rate fluctuations in certain foreign currency-denominated bonds, loans, loans payable and bonds payable and certain foreign currency- denominated term deposits and stocks (forecasted transaction); iii) the fair value hedge method using currency options and foreign currency forward contracts is used for hedges against exchange rate fluctuations in the value of certain foreign currency-denominated bonds; iv) the deferral hedge method for bond over-the-counter options is used for hedges against interest-rate fluctuations in certain foreign currency-denominated bonds; v) the deferral hedge method and fair value hedge method using equity options and equity forward contracts are used for hedges against price fluctuations in the value of certain domestic stocks and foreign currency-denominated stocks (forecasted transaction), and vi) the deferral hedge method using interest rate swaps is used for hedges against interest rate fluctuations in certain insurance liabilities, under the "Accounting and Auditing Treatment of Application of Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments to Insurance Operators" (Industry Audit Committee Report No. 26 issued by JICPA).
b) Hedging Instruments and Hedged Items
Hedging instruments Interest rate swaps
Foreign currency swaps
Foreign currency forward contracts
Foreign currency-denominated monetary claims
Currency options
Bond over-the-counter options Equity options
Equity forward contracts
Hedged items
Loans, government and corporate bonds, loans payable, bonds
payable, insurance liabilities
Foreign currency-denominated bonds, foreign currency-denominated loans, foreign currency-denominated loans payable,
foreign currency-denominated bonds payable
Foreign currency-denominated bonds, foreign currency-denominated term deposits, foreign currency-denominated stocks
(forecasted transaction)
Foreign currency-denominated stocks (forecasted transaction)
Foreign currency-denominated bonds Foreign currency-denominated bonds
Domestic stocks, foreign currency-denominated stocks (forecasted transaction)
Domestic stocks
      97 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
c) Hedging Policies
The Company and certain of its domestic consolidated subsidiaries conduct hedging transactions with regard to
certain market risk and foreign currency risk of underlying assets to be hedged, in accordance with the internal investment policy and procedure guidelines.
d) Assessment of Hedge Effectiveness
Hedge effectiveness is assessed primarily by a comparison of fluctuations in cash flows or fair value of hedged items
to those of hedging instruments.
 (12) Amortization of Goodwill
Goodwill is amortized over an effective period up to 20 years under the straight-line method. The entire amount is expensed as incurred if the amount is immaterial.
(13) Scope of Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows consist of the following items contained in the consolidated balance sheet: cash and deposits, call loans, commercial paper included in monetary claims bought, money market funds included in securities, and overdrafts included in other liabilities.
(14) Calculation of National and Local Consumption Tax
The Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries account for national and local consumption tax mainly by the tax-exclusion method. Deferred consumption tax included in non-recoverable consumption tax on certain assets is capitalized as other assets and amortized equally over five years in accordance with the Order for Enforcement of the Corporation Tax Act, and such taxes other than deferred consumption tax are recognized as an expense when incurred.
(15) Policy Reserve
Policy reserves of the consolidated subsidiaries that operate a life insurance business in Japan are established in accordance with Article 116 of the Insurance Business Act. Insurance premium reserves are calculated as stated in a) and b) below. Policy reserves include additional policy reserves for some whole life insurance policies in accordance with Article 69, Paragraph 5 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act.
a) Reserves for policies subject to the standard policy reserve rules are calculated based on the methods stipulated by the Commissioner of Financial Services Agency (Notification of the Minister of Finance No. 48, 1996).
b) Reserves for other policies are established based on the net level premium method.
Policy reserves of consolidated overseas subsidiaries are calculated based on the each country's accounting standard, such as US GAAP.
(16) Policy Acquisition Costs
The costs of acquiring and renewing business, which include agent commissions and certain other costs directly related to the acquisition of business, are expensed when incurred as the Insurance Business Act in Japan does not permit insurance companies to defer and amortize these costs.
(Additional information)
Incentive Programs for Employees
The Company conducts transactions by granting its stocks to its employees using trust scheme ("the Stock Granting Trust
(J-ESOP)") to incentivize its employees to improve stock prices and financial results. a) Overview of the transactions
J-ESOP is a program to grant stocks of the Company to the managerial level employees who fulfill requirements under the Stock Granting Regulations of the Company and its group companies. The Company vests points to each managerial level employee based on her/his contribution, and vests stocks based on total points at retirement. Such stocks, including stocks to be granted in the future, are purchased by money held in the J-ESOP trust, managed separately from book of the Company.
b) While adopting "Practical Solution on Transactions of Delivering the Company's Own Stock to Employees etc. through Trusts." (ASBJ PITF No. 30), the Company applies the same accounting treatment as before.
c) Information related to the stocks of the Company which the trusts hold
i) Book value of the stocks of the Company within the trust as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥6,551 million and
¥6,455 million (US$60 million), respectively. These stocks were recorded as the treasury stock in the total
shareholders' equity.
ii) The number of stocks within the trust as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 were 4,334 thousand shares and 4,270
thousand shares, and the average number of stocks within the trust for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were 4,360 thousand shares and 4,294 thousand shares, respectively. The number of shares at the year-end and the average number of stocks were included in the treasury stock, which is deducted when calculating per-share information.
Annual Report 2018 98

 III. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 1. Assets Pledged as Collateral / Secured Liabilities
The amounts of securities and deposits pledged as collateral were as follows:
As of March 31,
2017 2018 2018
            Securities Deposits
Securities and deposits pledged as collateral
The amounts of secured liabilities were as follows:
Cash collateral for securities lending transactions
657,830 657,654 6,190 10,140 5,925 55
667,971 663,579 6,246
As of March 31,
2017 2018 2018
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
                              (Unit: million yen)
267,871 299,045 2,814
(Unit: million US dollars)
          "Securities" pledged as collateral for securities lending transactions with cash collateral as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥241,062 million and ¥251,489 million (US$2,367 million), respectively.
2. Securities Lending
Securities lent under lending agreements are included in the consolidated balance sheet. The total balance of securities lent as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥2,094,089 million and ¥1,749,161 million (US$16,464 million), respectively.
3. Risk Management Policy of Policy-reserve-matching Bonds
Certain domestic consolidated subsidiaries categorize their insurance products into sub-groups by the attributes of each product and, in order to manage risks properly, formulate their policies on investments and resource allocation based on the balance of the sub-groups. Moreover, they periodically check that the duration gap between policy-reserve-matching bonds and policy reserves stays within a certain range.
The sub-groups of insurance products of DL are:
Years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018
i) individual life insurance and annuities,
ii) non-participating single premium whole life insurance (without duty of medical disclosure), iii) financial insurance and annuities, and
iv) group annuities,
with the exception of certain types.
The sub-groups of insurance products of DFLI are:
Years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018
i) individual life insurance and annuities(yen-denominated, short-term),
ii) individual life insurance and annuities(yen-denominated, long-term),
iii) individual life insurance and annuities(U.S. dollar-denominated),
iv) individual life insurance and annuities(Australian dollar-denominated), and v) individual life insurance and annuities(New Zealand dollar-denominated),
with the exception of certain types and contracts.
4. Stocks of Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
The amounts of stocks of and stakes in non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies of the Company held were as follows:
  As of March 31,
2017 2018 2018
            Stocks Capital
Total
139,662 107,197 1,009 47,468 62,952 592
187,130 170,149 1,601
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
                  99 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 5. Problem Loans
The amounts of credits to bankrupt borrowers, delinquent loans, loans past due for three months or more, and restructured loans, which were included in loans, were as follows:
As of March 31, 2017 2018
(Unit: million yen)
2,704
2018 (Unit: million US dollars)
1 23 – 0 25
            Credits to bankrupt borrowers (*1)
Delinquent loans (*2)
Loans past due for three months or more (*3)
Restructured loans (*4)
Total 2,757
89 115 2,608 2,537 – – 59 52
                  (*1) Credits to bankrupt borrowers represent non-accrual loans, excluding the balances already written
prescribed in Article 96, Paragraph 1, Item 3, (a) to (e) or 4 of the Order for Enforcement of the Corporation Tax Act. Interest accruals of such loans are suspended since the principal of or interest on such loans is unlikely to be collected.
(*2) Delinquent loans are credits that are delinquent other than credits to bankrupt borrowers and loans for which interest payments have been suspended to assist and support the borrowers in the restructuring of their businesses.
(*3) Loans past due for three months or more are loans for which interest or principal payments are delinquent for three months or more under the terms of the loans excluding those classified as credits to bankrupt borrowers or delinquent loans.
(*4) Restructured loans are loans for which certain concessions favorable to borrowers, such as interest reductions or exemptions, postponement of principal or interest payments, release from repayment or other agreements have been negotiated for the purpose of assisting and supporting the borrowers in the restructuring of their businesses. This category excludes loans classified as credits to bankrupt borrowers, delinquent loans, and loans past due for three months or more.
As a result of the direct write-off of loans, decreases in credits to bankrupt borrowers and delinquent loans were as follows: As of March 31,
off, which meet the conditions
            Credits to bankrupt borrowers Delinquent loans
6. Commitment Line
2017 2018
(Unit: million yen)
2 3 53 3
2018 (Unit: million US dollars)
0 0
  As of March 31, 2017 and 2018, there were unused commitment line agreements under which the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries were the lenders of ¥132,635 million and ¥110,263 million (US$1,037 million), respectively.
7. Accumulated Depreciation of Tangible Fixed Assets
The amounts of accumulated depreciation of tangible fixed assets as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥610,773 million and ¥625,682 million (US$5,889 million), respectively.
8. Assets and Liabilities Held in Separate Accounts
The total amounts of assets held in separate accounts defined in Article 118, Paragraph 1 of the Insurance Business Act as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥3,226,230 million and ¥3,260,643 million (US$30,691 million), respectively. Separate account liabilities were the same amount as the separate account assets.
9. Changes in Reserve for Policyholder Dividends
Changes in reserve for policyholder dividends were as follows:
Balance at the beginning of the year
Dividends paid during the year
Interest accrual during the year
Provision for reserve for policyholder dividends
Balance at the end of the year
Year ended March 31,
2017 2018 2018
            390,701 (98,201) 8,384 85,000
385,884
385,884 3,632 (90,542) (852) 8,308 78 95,000 894
398,650 3,752
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
                  AnnualReport2018 100

 10. Obligations to the Life Insurance Policyholders Protection Corporation of Japan
The estimated future obligations of consolidated companies that operate a life insurance business in Japan to the Life Insurance Policyholders Protection Corporation of Japan under Article 259 of the Insurance Business Act as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥56,523 million and ¥56,369 million (US$530 million), respectively. These obligations will be recognized as operating expenses for the years in which they are paid.
11. Revaluation of Land
Based on the "Act on Revaluation of Land" (Act No. 34, March 31, 1998), land for business use was revalued. The difference between the fair value and book value resulting from the revaluation, net of related deferred taxes, is recorded as a reserve for land revaluation as a separate component of net assets and the related deferred tax liability is recorded as deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation.
• Date of revaluation: March 31, 2001
• Method stipulated in Article 3, Paragraph 3 of the Act on Revaluation of Land:
The fair value was determined based on the appraisal value publicly announced for tax assessment purposes with certain reasonable adjustments in accordance with Article 2-1 and 2-4 of the Order for Enforcement of the Act on Revaluation of Land (Publicly Issue Cabinet Order No. 119, March 31, 1998).
12. Bonds Payable
As of March 31, 2017 and 2018, bonds payable included foreign currency-denominated subordinated bonds of ¥548,274 million and ¥551,872 million (US$5,194 million), respectively, whose repayment is subordinated to other obligations.
Issuer
DL
(*)
Protective Life Corporation
TDLA
Total
Description
Foreign currency (US dollar) denominated perpetual subordinated bonds
Foreign currency (US dollar) denominated bonds (Note: 4)
Foreign currency (US dollar) denominated subordinated bonds (Note: 2)
Foreign currency (Australian dollar) denominated subordinated bonds
–
Issuance date
From March 15, 2011 To July 20, 2016
From August 15, 1994 to January 15, 2016
August 10, 2017
March 31, 2017
–
Balance as of April 1, 2017
(Unit: million yen)
476,277 [4,800 mil US$]
441,468 [3,789 mil US$]
51,395 [441 mil US$]
20,601 [240 mil AUD]
989,743
Balance as of March 31, 2018
476,277 [4,800 mil US$]
417,065 [3,690 mil US$]
55,967 [495 mil US$]
19,627 [240 mil AUD]
968,938
Interest rate (%)
From 4.00 to 7.25
From 3.88 to 8.45
5.35
6.00
–
Maturity Collateral date
None Perpetual
From January None 15, 2018 to
July 15, 2052
None August 10, 2052
March None 31, 2027
– –
Details of bonds payable were as follows:
                                      Note: 1. The above (*) represents the total of bonds issued by the following consolidated overseas subsidiaries: Protective Life Corporation, Golden Gate II Captive Insurance Company, Golden Gate V Captive Insurance Company, MONY Life Insurance Company and Golden Gate Captive Insurance Company.
2. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, US$441 million of subordinated bonds were redeemed.
3. Figures in [ ] are the amounts denominated in foreign currency.
4. Foreign currency (US dollar) denominated bonds of ¥17,008 million yen (US$160 million) are due in one year or less.
5. The following table shows the maturities of long-term subordinated bonds for the 5 years subsequent to March 31, 2018
Due in one year or less
16,950
Due in one year or less
159 425 –
Due after one year Due after two years through two years through three years
Due after three years through four years
–
Due after three years through four years
–
Due after four years through five years
–
Due after four years through five years
–
   Bonds payable
Bonds payable
45,200
Due after one year through two years
–
Due after two years
(Unit: million yen)
  through three years (Unit: million US dollars)
     101 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 13. Subordinated Debt and Other liabilities
As of March 31, 2017 and 2018, other liabilities included subordinated debt of ¥283,000 million and ¥283,000 million (US$2,663 million), respectively, whose repayment is subordinated to other obligations.
Details of borrowings and lease obligations were as follows: Balance as of
Category
Current portions of long-term borrowings
Current portions of lease obligations
Long-term borrowings (excluding current portion)
Lease obligations
(excluding current portion)
Total
Balance as of March 31, April 1, 2017 2018
Average interest rate (%)
Balance as of April 1, 2017
Balance as of March 31, 2018
Maturity ––––––
         2,029 771,988
3,115
777,133
1,571 – 751,251 0.8
2,837 –
755,660 –
–
October 2019 ~ perpetual April 2019 ~ January 2023 –
19 14 7,266 7,071
29 26 7,314 7,112
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
                                   Note: 1. Those borrowings and lease obligations above are included in the "other liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheet.
2. The average interest rate represents the weighted-average rate applicable to the balance as of March 31, 2018. As for lease obligations, the average interest rate of is
not presented above because interests of certain lease obligations are included in the total amount of lease payments.
3. The following table shows the maturities of long-term borrowings (excluding the current portion or those without maturities) and lease obligations (excluding the
current portion) for the 5 years subsequent to March 31, 2018: Due after one year through two years
Due after two years Due after three years through three years through four years
Due after four years through five years
– 96
Due after four years through five years
– 0
    Long-term borrowings Lease obligations
Long-term borrowings Lease obligations
14. Securities Borrowing
18,251 1,178
Due after one year through two years
171 11
(Unit: million yen) –
954
Due after two years through three years
450,000 607
Due after three years through four years
      (Unit: million US dollars)
– 4,235 8 5
  Securities borrowed under borrowing agreements and securities received as collateral of reinsurance transactions can be sold or pledged as collateral. As of March 31, 2017 and 2018, the market value of the securities which were not sold or pledged as collateral was ¥76,190 million and ¥129,588 million (US$1,219 million), respectively. None of the securities were pledged as collateral as of March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.
15. Organizational Change Surplus
As of March 31, 2017 and 2018, the amounts of organizational change surplus stipulated in Article 91 of the Insurance Business Act were ¥117,776 million and ¥117,776 million (US$1,108 million), respectively.
AnnualReport2018 102

 IV. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
1. Operating Expenses
Details of operating expenses for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were as follows: Year ended March 31,
      2017 2018 2018
      Sales activity expenses
Sales management expenses General management expenses
2. Gains on Disposal of Fixed Assets
273,935 79,450 297,598
282,630 2,660 95,253 896 283,227 2,665
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
  Details of gains on disposal of fixed assets for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were as follows:
Year ended March 31, 2017 2018
2018 (Unit: million US dollars)
3 1 0 – 6
            (Unit: million yen)
Land 4,516 Buildings 447
421
Other tangible fixed assets Other intangible fixed assets
Total
Losses on Disposal of Fixed Assets
199 4 30 16 –
4,984 651
                  3.
Details of losses on disposal of fixed assets for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were as follows:
Year ended March 31, 2017 2018
(Unit: million yen)
2018 (Unit: million US dollars)
3 6 0 1 0 1
13
            Land 6,267
Buildings 7,467
Leased assets 0 0 Other tangible fixed assets 59 205
Software 13
Other assets 166 158
Total 13,975 1,446
327 712
41
                  103 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 4.
Impairment Losses on Fixed Assets
Details of impairment losses on fixed assets of the consolidated subsidiaries that operate a life insurance business in Japan for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were as follows:
a) Method of Grouping Assets
Real estate and other assets used for insurance business purposes are recognized as one asset group for each
consolidated company. Each property for rent and property not in use, which is not used for insurance business purposes, is deemed to be an independent asset group.
b) Background for Recognition of Impairment Losses
As a result of significant declines in profitability or market value of some asset groups, the consolidated subsidiaries
wrote down the book value of these assets to the recoverable value, and reported such write-off as impairment losses in extraordinary losses.
c) Breakdown of Impairment Losses
Impairment losses by asset group for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 were as follows:
Asset Group
Real estate not in use
Asset Group
Real estate not in use
Place
Place
Chuo-ku, Tokyo and others
Number
Impairment Losses
Land Buildings Total (Unit: million yen)
   Yokohama City, Kanagawa Prefecture and others
135 8,622 5,119 13,742
Impairment losses by asset group for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 were as follows:
Number
Impairment Losses
 Land Buildings Total (Unit: million yen)
Land Buildings Total (Unit: million US dollars)
74 34 109
   46 7,961 3,627 11,589
d) Calculation of Recoverable Value
Value in use or net sale value is used as the recoverable value of real estate for rent, and net sale value is used as the
recoverable value of real estate not in use. Discount rates of 2.41% and 2.34% for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively, were applied for discounting future cash flows in the calculation of value in use. Estimated disposal value, appraisal value based on real estate appraisal standards, or appraisal value based on publicly assessed land value for tax purposes is used as the net sale value.
AnnualReport2018 104

 V. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME The amount reclassified and tax effect amounts related to other comprehensive income were as follows:
            Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax Amount incurred during the year
Amount reclassified
Before tax adjustment
Tax effect
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax
Deferred hedge gains (losses)
Amount incurred during the year
Amount reclassified
Amount adjusted for asset acquisition cost
Before tax adjustment
Tax effect
Deferred hedge gains (losses)
Reserve for land revaluation Amount incurred during the year Amount reclassified
Before tax adjustment
Tax effect
Reserve for land revaluation
Foreign currency translation adjustments Amount incurred during the year Amount reclassified
Before tax adjustment
Tax effect
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax Amount incurred during the year
Amount reclassified
Before tax adjustment
Tax effect
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax
Share of other comprehensive income of subsidiaries and affiliates accounted for under the equity method
Amount incurred during the year Amount reclassified
Share of other comprehensive income of subsidiaries and affiliates accounted for under the equity method
Total other comprehensive income
Year ended March 31, 2017 2018
(Unit: million yen) 129,849
2018 (Unit: million US dollars)
4,594 (151) 4,442 (1,288) 3,153
145 47 10 204 (57) 146
– – –
(0) (0)
(268) – (268) – (268)
118 30 149 (43) 106
(24) (94)
(118) 3,019
(30,494)
99,355 (33,714)
65,641
(29,783) 71 (25)
(29,737) 8,359
(21,377)
– –
– (27)
(27)
(23,674) –
(23,674) – (23,674)
14,320 4,827
19,148 (5,288)
13,859
(808) 60
(748) 33,673
488,128 (16,139)
471,989 (136,914)
335,075
15,467 5,074 1,158
21,700 (6,121)
15,579
– –
– (3)
(3)
(28,541) –
(28,541) – (28,541)
12,621 3,250
15,871 (4,583)
11,288
(2,573) (9,995)
(12,568) 320,828
                                                                                               105 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 VI. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 1. For the Year Ended March 31, 2017
(1) Type and Number of Shares Outstanding
              Common stock Treasury stock(*1)(*2)(*3)
At the beginning of the year
1,198,023 12,368
Year ended March 31, 2017
Increase during Decrease during the year the year (Unit: thousands of shares)
– – 11,695 1,190
At the end of the year
1,198,023 22,873
  (*1) Treasury stock at the beginning and the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, includes 5,490 thousand shares and 4,334 thousand shares held by the trust fund through the J-ESOP and the trust fund for Dai-ichi Life Insurance Employee Stock Holding Partnership through the E-Ship®, respectively. The Trust Fund for Dai-ichi Life Insurance Employee Stock Holding Partnership was terminated in July 2016.
(*2) The increase of 11,695 thousand shares of treasury stock was due to the repurchase of outstanding common stock.
(*3) The decrease of 1,190 thousand shares of treasury stock represents the sum of (1) 34 thousand shares due to the exercise of stock acquisition rights (stock options) and
(2) 1,156 thousand shares granted to eligible employees at retirement by the J-ESOP and sold to the Dai-ichi Life Insurance Employee Stock Holding Partnership by the Trust Fund for Dai-ichi Life Insurance Employee Stock Holding Partnership.
(2) Stock Acquisition Rights
Issuer Details
The Company Stock acquisition rights in the form of stock options 1,247 (US$11 million)
(3) Dividends on Common Stock
a) Dividends paid during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
   Balance as of March 31, 2017 (Unit: million yen)
         Date of resolution
Type of shares
Total dividends(*)
Dividends per share
Record date
Effective date
Dividend resource
June 24, 2016 (at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders) Common stock
¥41,497 million
¥35
March 31, 2016 June 27, 2016 Retained earnings
(*) Total dividends did not include ¥192 million of dividends to the J-ESOP trust and the E-ship® trust, as the Company recognized the shares held by those trusts
as treasury shares. The Trust Fund for Dai-ichi Life Insurance Employee Stock Holding Partnership was terminated in July 2016.
b) Dividends, the record date of which was March 31, 2017, to be paid out in the year ending March 31, 2018
Date of resolution
Type of shares
Total dividends(*)
Dividends per share
Record date
Effective date
Dividend resource
(*) Total dividends did not include ¥186 million of dividends to the J-ESOP trust, as the Company recognized the shares held by the trust as treasury shares.
June 26, 2017 (at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held) Common stock
¥50,531 million
¥43
March 31, 2017 June 27, 2017 Retained earnings
AnnualReport2018 106

 2. For the Year Ended March 31, 2018
(1) Type and Number of Shares Outstanding
              Common stock(*1) Treasury stock(*2)(*3)(*4)
At the beginning of the year
1,198,023 22,873
Year ended March 31, 2018
Increase during Decrease during the year the year (Unit: thousands of shares)
– – 10,602 245
At the end of the year
1,198,023 33,230
  (*1) Treasury stock at the beginning and the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, includes 4,334 thousand shares and 4,270 thousand shares held by the trust fund through the J-ESOP, respectively.
(*2) The increase of 10,602 thousand shares of treasury stock was due to the repurchase of outstanding common stock.
(*3) The decrease of 245 thousand shares of treasury stock represents the sum of (1) 181 thousand shares due to the exercise of stock acquisition rights (stock options) and
(2) 64 thousand shares granted to eligible employees at retirement by the J-ESOP.
(2) Stock Acquisition Rights
Issuer Details
The Company Stock acquisition rights in the form of stock options 1,348(US$12 million)
(3) Dividends on Common Stock
a) Dividends paid during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
   Balance as of March 31, 2018 (Unit: million yen)
         Date of resolution
Type of shares
Total dividends(*)
Dividends per share
Record date
Effective date
Dividend resource
June 26, 2017 (at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders) Common stock
¥50,531 million (US$475 million)
¥43 (US$0.40)
March 31, 2017 June 27, 2017 Retained earnings
(*) Total dividends did not include ¥186 million (US$1 million) of dividends to the J-ESOP trust, as the Company recognized the shares held by the trust as
treasury shares.
b) Dividends, the record date of which was March 31, 2018, to be paid out in the year ending March 31, 2019
Date of resolution
Type of shares
Total dividends(*)
Dividends per share
Record date
Effective date
Dividend resource
June 25, 2018 (at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders) Common stock
¥58,239 million (US$548 million)
¥50 (US$0.47)
March 31, 2018 June 26, 2018 Retained earnings
(*) Total dividends did not include ¥213 million (US$2 million) of dividends to the J-ESOP trust, as the Company recognized the shares held by the trust as
treasury shares
VII. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
1. Reconciliations of cash and cash equivalents to consolidated balance sheet accounts
Details of reconciliations of cash and cash equivalents to consolidated balance sheet accounts were as follows:
As of March 31, 2017 2018
(Unit: million yen)
2018 (Unit: million US dollars)
8,389 1,549 9,938
            Cash and deposits Call loans
Cash and cash equivalents
881,965 98,500
980,465
891,285 164,600
1,055,885
                  107 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 VIII. LEASE TRANSACTIONS
1. Finance Leases (As Lessee)
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018, information regarding finance leases (as lessee) is omitted due to the importance on the consolidated financial statements.
2. Operating Leases
Future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 were as follows: (As Lessee)
As of March 31,
2017 2018 2018
            Due within one year Due after one year
3,569 26,245
12,413 116 16,707 157
29,121 274 As of March 31,
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
      Total 29,815 (As Lessor)
                  2017
2018
2018 (Unit: million US dollars)
2 36 38
      Due within one year Due after one year
Total
(Unit: million yen)
14 293 394 3,845
408 4,138
                  AnnualReport2018 108

 IX. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND OTHERS
1. Financial Instruments
(1) Policies in Utilizing Financial Instrument
The Group mainly operates in life insurance business and, in an effort to manage investment assets in a manner appropriate to liabilities, which arise from the insurance policies underwritten, engages in asset liability management, or ALM, which considers the long-term balance between assets and liabilities to ensure stable returns. With this strategy, the Group holds fixed income investments, including bonds and loans, as the core of its asset portfolio. While placing its financial soundness first, the Group also holds stocks and foreign securities within its tolerable risk to enhance its profitability and facilitate diversification of investment risks.
The Group uses derivatives primarily to hedge market risks associated with its existing asset portfolio and to mitigate the risks associated with guaranteed minimum maturity benefits of individual variable annuity insurance.
With respect to financing, the Group has raised capital directly from the capital markets by issuing subordinated bonds as well as indirectly from banks in order to strengthen its capital base. To avoid impact from interest-rate fluctuations, the Group utilizes derivative transactions in hedging some of such financial liabilities and adopts hedge accounting.
(2) Financial Instruments Used and Their Risks
Securities included in financial assets of the Group, mainly stocks and bonds, are exposed to market fluctuation risk, credit risk and interest-rate risk and some of the securities denominated in foreign currency are exposed to foreign currency risk. Also, loans are exposed to credit risk arising from the defaults of obligors.
The Group might be exposed to liquidity risk in certain circumstance in which it cannot make timely payments of principal, interest or other amounts due to unpredictable cash outflows or is forced to raise capital with interest rates substantially higher than usual. Also, some of its loans payable and bonds payable which are floating interest rate based and denominated in foreign currency are exposed to interest-rate risk and foreign currency risk.
The Group utilizes a) interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate risk associated with certain of its loans receivable and payable, b) equity forward contracts to hedge market fluctuation risks associated with domestic stocks, and c) foreign currency forward contracts, currency options and foreign currency swaps to hedge foreign currency risks associated with certain foreign currency-denominated bonds, foreign currency-denominated short-term deposits and foreign currency- denominated debts, etc. and adopts hedge accounting.
In addition, certain consolidated subsidiaries utilize a) interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate risk associated with certain insurance liabilities, under the "Accounting and Auditing Treatment of Application of Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments to Insurance Operators" (JICPA Industry Audit Committee Report No. 26), and b) foreign currency swaps to hedge foreign currency risks associated with funding agreements and adopts hedge accounting.
In applying the hedge accounting, in order to fulfill requirements stipulated in accounting standards such as the "Accounting Standards for Financial Instruments" (ASBJ Statement No. 10 issued on March 10, 2008), the Group has established investment policy and procedure guidelines and clarified the transactions to be hedged, the risk of underlying assets to be hedged and derivative instruments to be used, and conducted pre- and post-effectiveness tests of the transactions.
(3) Risk Management
The Group manages risk in accordance with a basic policy for risk management, rules for management procedures, etc. defined by the board of directors, etc.
a) Market risk management
Under the internal investment policy and market risk management policy, DL manages market risk by conducting mid-
to long-term asset allocation in a manner appropriate to its liabilities. Therefore, it categorizes its portfolio into sub- groups, based on their investment purpose, and manages them taking into account each of their risk characteristics. i) Interest rate risk
DL keeps track of interest rates and durations of its assets and liabilities, monitors its internal analyses on duration gap and interest rate sensitivity, and periodically reports its findings to the board of directors, etc.
ii) Currency risk
DL keeps track of currency composition of its financial assets and liabilities, conducts sensitivity analyses, and
periodically reports its findings to the board of directors, etc. iii) Fluctuation in market values
DL defines risk management policies and management procedures for each component of its overall portfolio, including securities, based on the risk characteristics of the categories, and sets and manages upper limits of each asset balance and asset allocation weight.
Such management conditions are periodically reported by its risk management sections to the board of directors, etc.
iv) Derivative transactions
For derivative transactions, DL has established internal check system by segregating (i) the executing
department, (ii) the department which engages in assessment of hedge effectiveness, and (iii) the back-office. Additionally, in order to limit speculative use of derivatives, it has put restrictions on utilization purpose, such as hedging, and establishes position limits for each asset class.
109 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 The consolidated subsidiaries other than DL have established appropriate risk management systems in accordance with the Group's basic policy for risk management, etc.
DFLI utilizes derivatives in order to reduce the risk associated with guaranteed minimum maturity benefits of individual variable annuities and hedge foreign currency risks associated with bonds. For derivatives used to reduce the risk associated with guaranteed minimum maturity benefits of individual variable annuities, in accordance with its internal regulations to manage the risks associated with its guaranteed minimum maturity benefits, it (i) assesses the hedge effectiveness of derivative transactions, (ii) manages gains and losses from derivative transactions on a daily basis, and (iii) periodically checks its progress on reducing the risk associated with its guaranteed minimum maturity benefits and measures estimated losses based on VaR (value-at-risk). The risk management section is in charge of managing overall risks including risks associated with the guaranteed minimum maturity benefits, and periodically reports the status of such management to the board of directors, etc.
b) Credit Risk Management
In accordance with the internal investment policy and credit risk management procedure guidelines, DL has
established a credit management system related to loans, such as preliminary reviews on individual transactions, credit limit setting, credit information management, internal credit rating, attachment of guarantees and collateral, and follow- ups on problem loans. For corporate bond investment, the credit section sets investment caps on individual issuers taking into account internal credit ratings and other factors. Excessive risk-taking is restricted since front offices make investment within those caps. Policies and frameworks for large-lot borrowers have been formulated in order to prevent credit concentration by monitoring compliance, etc. That credit management has been conducted by the credit and risk management sections, and has been periodically reported to its board of directors, etc. Additionally, the internal audit section has also checked credit management status.
Credit risk of security issuers and counterparty risk with respect to derivative transactions are managed by the credit section, which sets upper limits for each counterparty and financial instrument and periodically monitors credit information, and by the risk management section, which periodically monitors current exposures.
The consolidated subsidiaries other than DL have established appropriate risk management systems in accordance with the Group's basic policy for risk management, etc.
(4) Supplementary Explanation for Fair Value of Financial Instruments
As well as the values based on market prices, fair value of financial instruments includes values which are reasonably calculated in case market prices do not exist. As the calculation of those values adopts certain assumptions, those values may vary in case different assumptions are applied. Also, for the contract value regarding derivative transactions described in "2. Fair Value of Financial Instruments", the "Notional amount/contract value" itself does not indicate market risk related to derivative transactions.
AnnualReport2018 110

 2. Fair Values of Financial Instruments
The carrying amount on the consolidated balance sheet, fair value and differences between carrying amount and fair value as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 were as follows.
The following tables do not include financial instruments whose fair value is extremely difficult to recognize (please refer to Note 2).
(1) Cash and deposits
(2) Call loans
(3) Monetary claims bought (4) Money held in trust
(5) Securities
a. Trading securities
b. Held-to-maturity bonds
c. Policy-reserve-matching bonds
d. Stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated
companies
e. Available-for-sale securities
(6) Loans
Reserves for possible loan losses (*1)
Total assets
(1) Bonds payable
(2) Long-term borrowings
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions (*2)
a. Hedge accounting not applied b. Hedge accounting applied
Total derivative transactions
5,103,308 5,103,308 355,877 366,225 15,654,655 18,521,357
815 815
23,116,985 23,116,985 3,487,682
(547)
3,487,134 3,600,132
49,493,625 52,483,672
968,938 979,680
751,251 758,617 1,720,189 1,738,298
[46,347] [46,347] 168,532 166,180 122,184 119,832
– – – –
– 10,348 2,866,701
– –
112,997 2,990,047
10,742 7,366 18,109
– (2,351) (2,351)
8,389 1,549 1,836 4,930
48,035 3,349 147,351
7
217,592 32,828 (5) 32,823 465,866
9,120
7,071 16,191
[436] 1,586 1,150
8,389 – 1,549 – 1,836 – 4,930 –
48,035 – 3,447 97 174,335 26,983
7 – 217,592 –
33,886 1,063 494,010 28,144
9,221 101
7,140 69 16,361 170
[436] – 1,564 (22) 1,127 (22)
As of March 31, 2017
            (1) Cash and deposits
(2) Call loans
(3) Monetary claims bought (4) Money held in trust
(5) Securities
a. Trading securities
b. Held-to-maturity bonds
c. Policy-reserve-matching bonds
d. Stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated companies e. Available-for-sale securities
(6) Loans
Reserves for possible loan losses (*1)
Total assets
(1) Bonds payable
(2) Long-term borrowings
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions (*2)
a. Hedge accounting not applied b. Hedge accounting applied
Total derivative transactions
Carrying amount
881,965 98,500 198,294 333,111
5,171,157 369,012 15,033,383 38,206 22,264,874 3,566,603 (892) 3,565,711 47,954,216
989,743
771,988 1,761,731
[26,955] [156,757] [183,713]
Fair value (Unit: million yen)
881,965 98,500 198,294 333,111
5,171,157 369,239 17,895,895 55,260 22,264,874
3,683,457 50,951,755
996,144
780,425 1,776,570
[26,955] [159,730] [186,685]
Gains (losses)
– – – –
– 226 2,862,511 17,054 –
117,746 2,997,538
6,401
8,437 14,838
– (2,972) (2,972)
Gains (losses)
                                                          (*1) Excluding general reserves for possible loan losses and specific reserves for possible loan losses related to loans. (*2) Credits/debts from derivative transactions are presented on a net basis. Figures in [ ] are net debts.
        Carrying Gains amount Fair value (losses)
Carrying amount
As of March 31, 2018
          (Unit: million yen) 891,285 891,285 164,600 164,600 195,133 195,133 523,828 523,828
Fair value
(Unit: million US dollars)
                                                                                              (*1) Excluding general reserves for possible loan losses and specific reserves for possible loan losses related to loans. (*2) Credits/debts from derivative transactions are presented on a net basis. Figures in [ ] are net debts.
111 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Note 1: Notes to Methods for Calculating Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Securities and Derivative Transactions Assets
(1) Cash and deposits
Since deposits are close to maturity or have no maturity and their fair value is close to the carrying amounts, fair value is based on the carrying amount.
(2) Call loans
Since all call loans are close to due date and their fair value is close to carrying amounts, fair value of call loans is based
on their carrying amount.
(3) Monetary claims bought
The fair value of monetary claims bought is based on the reasonably calculated price.
(4) Money held in trust
The fair value of stocks is based on the price on stock exchanges and that of bonds is based on the price on bond markets or price presented by counterparty financial institutions. The fair value of mutual funds is based on unit price.
For details on derivative transactions of money held in trust, please refer to XII. DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS.
(5) Securities
The fair value of stocks is based on the price on stock exchanges and that of bonds is based on the price on bond markets or price presented by counterparty financial institutions. The fair value of mutual funds is based on unit price. As for ownership stakes in partnerships, the amount equivalent to partnership interest in fair value of the partnership assets is recorded as fair value of the stake in the partnership. Additionally, notes for the securities for each investment purpose are described in X. SECURITIES.
(6) Loans
The fair value of loans is calculated by discounting future cash flows of the subject loan, using interest rates
corresponding to the internal credit rating and remaining period which are assumed to be applied to new loans to the subject borrower.
Additionally, for risk-monitored loans, reserve for possible loan losses is calculated based on the present value of estimated future cash flows or the amount deemed recoverable from collateral and guarantees and the fair value is close to the carrying amount on the consolidated balance sheet minus reserve for possible loan losses at the end of the fiscal year. Therefore, that amount (the carrying amount on the consolidated balance sheet minus reserve for possible loan losses) is recorded as the fair value of risk-monitored loans.
Also, loans without a due date because of their characteristics that their exposure is limited to the amount of their collaterals, are deemed to have fair value close to book value, taking into account estimated repayment period and interest rates. Therefore, their book value is recorded as the fair value.
Liabilities
(1) Bonds payable
The fair value of bonds is based on the price on the bond market. (2) Long-term borrowings
The fair value of long-term borrowings is calculated by discounting future cash flows, using interest rates corresponding to internal credit rating and remaining periods which are assumed to be applied to new borrowing. Also, certain of long-term borrowings are deemed to have fair value close to book value, taking into account interest rates. Therefore, their book value is recorded as the fair value.
Derivative Instruments
For details on derivative transactions, please refer to XII. DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS.
Note 2: Financial instruments whose fair value is extremely difficult to recognize were as follows and are not included in the fair value of (5) Securities in Note 1
 As of March 31,
2017 2018 2018
              Carrying amount
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
      1. Unlisted domestic stocks (*1)(*2) 2. Unlisted foreign stocks (*1)(*2) 3. Other foreign securities (*1)(*2) 4. Other securities (*1)(*2)
Total
170,966 58,542 472,414 72,404
774,328
77,088 725
64,022 602 448,852 4,224 95,350 897
685,315 6,450
                  (*1) These securities cannot be assigned a market value because of unavailability of tradable markets, and they are excluded from disclosure of fair value. (*2) For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018, impairment charges of ¥74 million and ¥375 million (US$3 million), respectively, were recorded.
AnnualReport2018 112

 Note 3: Scheduled redemptions of monetary claims and securities with maturities
As of March 31, 2017
       Due in 1 year Due after 1 year Due after 5 years
Due after 10 years
–
– 178,261
200 312,309 11,364,381 173,725 1,505,384
6,031,753
5,344 639,059
or less
881,462 98,500 5,000
–
– 87,692 9,626 204,571
397,126
2,434
374,923
through 5 years through 10 years (Unit: million yen)
       Cash and deposits
Call loans
Monetary claims bought Securities:
Held-to-maturity bonds (bonds)
Held-to-maturity bonds(foreign securities) Policy-reserve-matching bonds (bonds) Policy-reserve-matching bonds (foreign securities) Available-for-sale securities with maturities (bonds) Available-for-sale securities with maturities
(foreign securities)
Available-for-sale securities with maturities
(other securities) Loans (*)
127 – 6,536
–
– 255,027 135,200 881,599
2,353,495
146,638 929,364
377 – 2,582
48,000 – 987,625 1,896,005 875,559
3,190,138
237,955 1,006,699
 (*) Loans for which interest or principal payments cannot be forecasted, such as credit to bankrupt obligors, substantially bankrupt obligors and obligors at risk of bankruptcy, amounted to ¥124 million were not included. Also, ¥585,945 million of loans without maturities were not included.
As of March 31, 2018
Due in 1 year Due after 1 year Due after 5 years
Due after 10 years
–
– 179,789
2,000 297,642 11,293,547 348,441 1,336,592
5,984,501
21,370 642,471
Due after 10 years
–
– 1,692
18 2,801 106,302 3,279 12,580
56,330
201 6,047
       or less
889,905 164,600 6,000
–
– 88,570 26,616 239,849
414,887
46,033 391,390
through 5 years through 10 years (Unit: million yen)
       Cash and deposits
Call loans
Monetary claims bought Securities:
Held-to-maturity bonds (bonds)
Held-to-maturity bonds(foreign securities) Policy-reserve-matching bonds (bonds) Policy-reserve-matching bonds (foreign securities) Available-for-sale securities with maturities (bonds) Available-for-sale securities with maturities
(foreign securities)
Available-for-sale securities with maturities
(other securities) Loans (*)
Cash and deposits
Call loans
Monetary claims bought Securities:
Held-to-maturity bonds (bonds)
Held-to-maturity bonds(foreign securities) Policy-reserve-matching bonds (bonds) Policy-reserve-matching bonds (foreign securities) Available-for-sale securities with maturities (bonds) Available-for-sale securities with maturities
(foreign securities)
Available-for-sale securities with maturities
(other securities) Loans (*)
1,384 – 3,025
–
– 205,551 235,355 720,017
2,290,618
91,800 912,873
– – –
48,100 100 1,163,763 2,156,388 989,604
3,530,330
240,516 964,541
 As of March 31, 2018
Due in 1 year Due after 1 year Due after 5 years
       or less
8,376 1,549 56
–
– 833 250 2,257
3,905
433
3,684
through 5 years through 10 years (Unit: million US dollars)
       (*) Loans for which interest or principal payments cannot be forecasted, such as credit to bankrupt obligors, substantially bankrupt obligors and obligors at risk of bankruptcy, amounted to ¥86 million (US$ 0 million) were not included. Also, ¥553,011 million (US$5,205 million) of loans without maturities were not included.
113 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
13 – 28
–
– 1,934 2,215 6,777
21,560
864 8,592
– – –
452 0 10,954 20,297 9,314
33,229
2,263 9,078
  Note 4: Scheduled maturities of bonds and long term borrowings
As of March 31, 2017
         Due in 1 year Due after 1 year Due after 2 years Due after 3 years Due after 4 years Due after
or less
through 2 years
17,473 –
through 3 years through 4 years through 5 years (Unit: million yen)
5 years
419,593 –
         Bonds payable (*1)
Long term borrowings (*2)
– –
46,596 19,185
– – 19,803 450,000
 (*1) ¥476,277 million of bonds payable without maturities were not included.
(*2) ¥283,000 million of long term borrowings without maturities were not included.
         Due in 1 year Due after 1 year or less through 2 years
16,950 45,200 – 18,251
Due in 1 year Due after 1 year or less through 2 years
159 425 – 171
As of March 31, 2018
Due after 2 years Due after 3 years Due after 4 years Due after
         Bonds payable (*1)
Long term borrowings (*2)
Bonds payable (*1)
Long term borrowings (*2)
through 3 years through 4 years (Unit: million yen)
– – – 450,000
As of March 31, 2018
through 5 years
– –
5 years
406,806 –
          Due after 2 years Due after 3 years Due after 4 years Due after through 3 years through 4 years through 5 years 5 years
(Unit: million US dollars)
– – – 3,829 – 4,235 – –
          (*1) ¥476,277 million (US$4,483 million) of bonds payable without maturities were not included.
(*2) ¥283,000 million (US$2,663 million) of long term borrowings without maturities were not included.
X. SECURITIES
1. Trading Securities
Gains (losses) on valuation of trading securities
Year ended March 31,
2017 2018 2018
            (Unit: million yen) 86,628 110,962
As of March 31, 2017
(Unit: million US dollars)
1,044
  2. Held-to-maturity Bonds
Carrying amount
Fair value
(Unit: million yen)
50,634 50,534 – 100 250,032 250,032
300,667
Unrealized gains (losses)
4,520 4,519 – 0 3,539 3,539 8,059
(2) – – (2) (7,830) (7,830) (7,833) 226
            Held-to-maturity securities with unrealized gains: (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign securities a. Foreign bonds
Subtotal
46,114 46,014 – 100 246,492 246,492
292,607
        Held-to-maturity securities with unrealized losses: (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign securities a. Foreign bonds
Subtotal Total
200 197 – – – –
200 197 76,205 68,374 76,205 68,374
76,405 68,571 369,012 369,239
                         AnnualReport2018 114

 As of March 31, 2018
         Carrying Fair Unrealized
Carrying amount
Fair value
Unrealized gains (losses)
amount
value gains (losses)
         Held-to-maturity securities with unrealized gains: (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign securities a. Foreign bonds
48,230 46,316 – 1,913 227,681 227,681
52,090 3,860 50,160 3,844 – – 1,929 16 236,336 8,654 236,336 8,654
288,427 12,515
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US
453 490 435 472 – – 18 18 2,143 2,224 2,143 2,224
2,597 2,714
2 2 – – – – 2 2
749 729 749 729 752 732
3,349 3,447
dollars)
36 36 – 0 81 81
117
(0) – – (0) (20) (20) (20) 97
        Subtotal
Held-to-maturity securities with unrealized losses: (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign securities a. Foreign bonds
275,912
        311 309 (1) – – – – – –
311 309 (1) 79,654 77,488 (2,165) 79,654 77,488 (2,165)
        Subtotal 79,965
77,798 (2,166) 366,225 10,348
              Total
Policy-reserve-matching Bonds
355,877
                     3.
As of March 31, 2017
      Carrying amount
Fair value
(Unit: million yen)
15,115,009 14,367,524 96,762 650,723 1,672,229 1,672,229
16,787,238
438,114 337,018 936 100,159 670,541 670,541
1,108,656 17,895,895
Unrealized gains (losses)
2,836,379 2,774,047 14,027 48,303 64,687 64,687 2,901,066
(21,299) (18,988) (16) (2,294) (17,255) (17,255) (38,555) 2,862,511
      Policy-reserve-matching bonds with unrealized gains:
(1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign Securities a. Foreign bonds
Subtotal
12,278,630 11,593,476 82,734 602,419 1,607,541 1,607,541
13,886,172
        Policy-reserve-matching bonds with unrealized losses:
(1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign Securities a. Foreign bonds
459,414 356,006 953 102,454 687,796 687,796
     Subtotal 1,147,211 Total 15,033,383
                    115 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 As of March 31, 2018
         Carrying amount
Policy-reserve-matching bonds with unrealized gains:
Fair Unrealized
Carrying amount
Fair value
Unrealized gains (losses)
value
(Unit: million yen)
gains (losses)
         (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign securities a. Foreign bonds
Subtotal
Policy-reserve-matching bonds with unrealized losses:
12,428,346 11,674,895 98,910 654,540 2,077,420 2,077,420
15,249,007 14,430,474 113,682 704,851 2,153,077 2,153,077
17,402,084
357,009 213,374 321 143,314 762,262 762,262 1,119,272 18,521,357
2,820,661 2,755,578 14,772 50,310 75,657 75,657
2,896,318
(12,047) (9,543) (3) (2,500) (17,569) (17,569) (29,616) 2,866,701
116,983 143,533 109,891 135,829 931 1,070 6,160 6,634 19,554 20,266 19,554 20,266
136,537 163,799
3,473 3,360 2,098 2,008 3 3 1,372 1,348 7,340 7,174 7,340 7,174 10,814 10,535 147,351 174,335
]
26,549 25,937 139 473 712 712
27,262
(113) (89) (0) (23) (165) (165) (278) 26,983
(Unit: million US dollars)
        14,505,766
        (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign securities a. Foreign bonds
Subtotal Total
Available-for-sale Securities
369,057 222,917 325 145,815 779,831 779,831 1,148,889 15,654,655
                                           4.
      Carrying amount
Acquisition cost
(Unit: million yen)
3,470,472 2,118,821 28,960 1,322,689 1,451,271 6,207,031 5,679,326 527,704 742,003
11,870,778
449,358 4,809 6,884 437,664 196,399 7,245,367 6,967,034 278,332 207,229
8,098,355 19,969,134
Unrealized gains (losses)
502,966 435,276 2,048 65,641 1,712,564 657,264 519,740 137,524 51,918 2,924,715
(8,541) (114) (226) (8,200) (24,698) (343,678) (330,568) (13,109) (3,763) (380,682) 2,544,032
As of March 31, 2017
      Available-for-sale securities with unrealized gains:
(1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Domestic stocks (3) Foreign securities
a. Foreign bonds
b. Other foreign securities (4) Other securities
Subtotal
3,973,439 2,554,098 31,009 1,388,331 3,163,836 6,864,296 6,199,067 665,229 793,921
14,795,493
        Available-for-sale securities with unrealized losses:
(1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Domestic stocks (3) Foreign securities
a. Foreign bonds
b. Other foreign securities (4) Other securities
Subtotal Total
440,817 4,695 6,657 429,463 171,701 6,901,688 6,636,465 265,222 203,465
7,717,673 22,513,167
                         Note:Other securities include (1) certificates of deposit and (2) trust beneficiary rights, which were recorded as cash and deposits and monetary claims bought on the consolidated balance sheet, respectively. The aggregate acquisition cost and carrying amount of such certificates of deposit were ¥50,000 million and ¥49,998 million, respectively, as of March 31, 2017. The aggregate acquisition cost and carrying amount of trust beneficiary rights were ¥192,393 million and ¥198,294 million, respectively, as of March 31, 2017.
AnnualReport2018 116

 As of March 31, 2018
Carrying amount
(Unit: million US
Unrealized gains (losses)
dollars)
4,695 4,051 16 628 19,256 7,106 5,566 1,540 380
31,439
(89) (0) (1) (87) (281) (2,162) (1,957) (205) (39)
(2,572) 28,867
         Carrying amount
Available-for-sale securities with unrealized gains:
Acquisition Unrealized
Acquisition cost
cost
(Unit: million yen)
gains (losses)
         (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Domestic stocks (3) Foreign securities
a. Foreign bonds
b. Other foreign securities (4) Other securities
Subtotal
Available-for-sale securities with unrealized losses:
3,956,530 2,504,525 27,044 1,424,960 3,486,754 8,282,554 7,511,539 771,015 693,011
3,457,686 2,074,108 25,338 1,358,239 1,440,923 7,527,570 6,920,204 607,365 652,540
13,078,720
333,599 431 4,794 328,373 197,398 6,481,700 5,986,462 495,238 203,853
7,216,551 20,295,272
498,843 430,416 1,706 66,720 2,045,830 754,984 591,334 163,649 40,471
3,340,129
(9,487) (53) (148) (9,284) (29,892) (229,744) (207,912) (21,831) (4,163)
(273,287) 3,066,842
37,241 23,574 254 13,412 32,819 77,960 70,703 7,257 6,523
154,544
3,050 3 43 3,003 1,576 58,847 54,391 4,456 1,879
65,354 219,899
32,545 19,522 238 12,784 13,562 70,854 65,137 5,716 6,142
123,105
3,140 4 45 3,090 1,858 61,009 56,348 4,661 1,918
67,926 191,032
        16,418,850
        (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Domestic stocks (3) Foreign securities
a. Foreign bonds
b. Other foreign securities (4) Other securities
324,112 377 4,645 319,089 167,505 6,251,956 5,778,549 473,406 199,689
        Subtotal 6,943,264 Total 23,362,114
                                   Note:Other securities include (1) certificates of deposit and (2) trust beneficiary rights, which were recorded as cash and deposits and monetary claims bought on the consolidated balance sheet, respectively. The aggregate acquisition cost and carrying amount of such certificates of deposit were ¥50,000 million (US$470 million) and ¥49,995 million (US$470 million), respectively, as of March 31, 2018. The aggregate acquisition cost and carrying amount of trust beneficiary rights were ¥188,874 million (US$1,777 million) and ¥195,133 million (US$1,836 million), respectively, as of March 31, 2018.
5. Held-to-maturity Bonds Sold
The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries sold no held-to-maturity bonds during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018.
117 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 6. Policy-reserve-matching Bonds Sold
Policy-reserve-matching bonds sold during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were as follows: Year ended March 31, 2017
            (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign securities
a. Foreign bonds
b. Other foreign securities
Total
(1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Foreign securities
a. Foreign bonds
b. Other foreign securities
Total
Amounts sold
566,221 502,214 20,640 43,366 45,376 45,376 –
611,598
Amounts sold
854,871 786,968 – 67,903 86,579 86,579
– 941,451
Realized gains
(Unit: million yen) 87,047
86,072 – 975 785 785 –
Realized losses
6,138 – 2,559 3,578 1,590 1,590 – 7,729
      87,832
Year ended March 31, 2018
            Realized Realized
Amounts Realized Realized
         gains (Unit: million yen)
losses
sold gains (Unit: million US
losses dollars)
         133,078 129,924 – 3,153 2,224 2,224
– 135,302
– 8,046 – 7,407 –– – 639
1,193 814 1,193 814 – – 1,193 8,861
1,252 –
1,222 –
– –
29 –
20 11
20 11 – – 1,273 11
                              AnnualReport2018 118

 7. Available-for-sale Securities Sold
Available-for-sale securities sold during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were as follows: Year ended March 31, 2017
            (1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Domestic stocks (3) Foreign securities
a. Foreign bonds
b. Other foreign securities (4) Other securities
Total
(1) Bonds
a. Government bonds
b. Local government bonds c. Corporate bonds
(2) Domestic Stocks (3) Foreign securities
a. Foreign bonds
b. Other foreign securities (4) Other securities
Total
8. Securities Written Down
Amounts sold
453,904 308,013 – 145,890 116,184 1,622,461 1,420,829 201,632 66,818
2,259,368
Amounts sold
Realized gains
(Unit: million yen) 34,504
30,289 – 4,215 28,882 71,430 33,721 37,709 874
135,692
Realized losses
2,266 251 – 2,014 10,170 70,317 56,972 13,344 3,777 86,531
                  Year ended March 31, 2018
Realized Realized gains losses
Amounts sold
Realized gains
Realized losses
                  233,465
43,362
3,386
186,716
163,978
4,423,122
4,020,781 402,340 121,062
4,941,628
3,542 4,857
2,766 41
– 145
776 4,670
43,140 5,203
46,198 101,671
13,751 91,082 32,446 10,589 8,519 3,017
101,399 114,750
2,197
408
31
1,757
1,543
41,633
37,846 3,787 1,139
46,513
33 45 26 0 –1 7 43 406 48 434 956
129 857 305 99 80 28
954 1,080
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
                              The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries write down the balance of certain available-for-sale securities with fair values (1) when the fair value of such securities declines by 50%, or more, of its purchase cost or (2) when the fair value of such securities without a certain level of creditworthiness declines by 30% or more, but less than 50%, of its purchase cost unless it is deemed that there is a possibility that the fair value of the security could recover to equal or exceed the purchase cost. The aggregate amounts written down from the balance of available-for-sale securities with fair value for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥27,098 million and ¥4,333 million (US$40 million), respectively.
XI. MONEY HELD IN TRUST
1. Money Held in Trust for Trading
Carrying amount on the consolidated balance sheet Gains (losses) on valuation of money held in trust
As of March 31,
2017 2018 2018
            (Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
333,111 523,828 4,930 (14,321) (9,234) (86)
  119 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 XII. DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS
1.
Derivative Transactions (Hedge Accounting Not Applied)
(1) Currency-related transactions
(A) Notional amount/ contract value
As of March 31, 2017
       45,155 138,970 Bought 1,056,823
U.S. dollar
Euro
Australian dollar Canadian dollar British pound Others
Currency swaps:
Receipts foreign currency,
payments yen Australian dollar
Currency options: Sold:
Call
U.S. dollar
Bought: Put
U.S. dollar
Euro
Total return swaps: Foreign currency index
linked
Total
611,750 348,741 17,067 16,427 9,057 53,778
117,326 117,326
93,491 [690] 93,491 [690]
521,866 [7,321] 412,966 [6,656] 108,899 [664]
177,858
–
Over
1 year included in (A)
Fair value
Gains (losses)
     918
    399
    315
    203
(12,627) (4,419) (3,446) (4,414)
101 31 (481) 5,344 3,685 (684) 524 (153) (26) 1,999
3,634 3,634
690 690
(4,652) (4,210) (441)
(4,559)
(11,251)
       Exchange-traded transactions: Currency futures:
Sold 39,613
– – – –
     –
     –
     –
     –
     –
     –
     –
     –
     –
     –
     –
     –
     –
     –
117,326 117,326
– –
– – –
177,858
–
    918
    399
    315
    203
(12,627) (4,419) (3,446) (4,414)
101 31 (481) 5,344 3,685 (684) 524 (153) (26) 1,999
3,634 3,634
– –
2,668 2,445 223
(4,559)
–
British pound / U.S. dollar Euro / U.S. dollar
Yen / U.S. dollar
Over-the-counter transactions: Foreign currency forward
16,657 14,865 8,089
contracts:
Sold 1,287,415
U.S. dollar
Euro
Australian dollar British pound Canadian dollar Others
521,976 342,932 184,870
53,509
(Unit: million yen)
                    Note: 1. (1) Fair value of currency futures listed above is based on the closing exchange-traded prices and the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions. (2) Forward exchange rates at the end of the year are used for fair value calculation of foreign currency forward contracts.
(3) Fair value of currency swaps is calculated by discounting expected cash flows.
(4) An option pricing model is used for fair value calculation of currency options or the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
(5) Fair value of total return swaps is based on fair value calculated by referred index of 31 March, 2017.
2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. Fair value for forward contracts and swaps, and differences between the option premiums paid/received and fair value of the option for option transactions, are shown
in "Gains (losses)".
AnnualReport2018 120

 As of March 31,
2018
(A) Notional amount/ contract value
         (A) Notional amount/ contract value
Over
1 year included in (A)
Fair value
Gains (losses)
Over
1 year included in (A)
Fair value
Gains (losses)
           Exchange-traded transactions: Currency futures:
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
(235) (149) (81) (4)
24,127 2,359 9,839
10,185 731 (37) 1,049 (28,940) (7,469) (17,325) (3,175) (291) 18 (696)
(3,886) (3,886)
(2)
24 (27)
9,466 9,466
–
– 16,130 16,130 –
Note: 1. (1) Fair value of currency futures listed above is based on the closing exchange-traded prices and the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
(2) Forward exchange rates at the end of the year are used for fair value calculation of foreign currency forward contracts.
Sold 28,969 –
(235) 272 – (149) 109 – (81) 92 – (4) 71 –
24,127 27,552 – 2,359 12,815 – 9,839 7,750 –
10,185 3,578 – 731 895 – (37) 652 –
1,049 1,860 – (28,940) 23,096 – (7,469) 10,914 – (17,325) 7,782 – (3,175) 1,996 – (291) 547 – 18 142 – (696) 1,713 –
(3,886) 2,588 2,588 (3,886) 2,588 2,588
(2) 408 408
24 288 288 (27) 119 119
2,363
1,885 [106] –
2,363
1,885 [106] –
94
– [–] – 94
– [–] –
6,771
2,017 [132] –
6,673
2,070 [132] –
98
(53) [0] –
(2) (2) (1) (1) (0) (0) (0) (0)
227 227 22 22 92 92 95 95
6 6 (0) (0) 9 9 (272) (272) (70) (70) (163) (163) (29) (29) (2) (2) 0 0 (6) (6)
(36) (36) (36) (36)
(0) (0) 0 0 (0) (0)
89 17 89 17
– –
– – 151 18 151 19
– (0) (83) (83)
Euro / U.S. dollar
British pound / U.S. dollar Yen / U.S. dollar
Over-the-counter transactions: Foreign currency forward
11,619 – 9,799 – 7,549 –
contracts:
Sold 2,927,206 –
U.S. dollar 1,361,519 – Euro 823,408 –
Australian dollar
Canadian dollar
British pound
Others 197,630 –
Bought 2,453,761 – U.S. dollar 1,159,510 – Euro 826,836 – Australian dollar 212,084 – Canadian dollar 58,128 – British pound 15,169 – Others 182,033 –
Currency swaps:
Receipts foreign currency,
payments yen 275,026 275,026 Australian dollar 275,026 275,026
Receipts foreign currency,
payments foreign currency 43,359 43,359
Australian dollar / U.S.
dollar
Australian dollar / Euro 12,656 12,656
Currency options: Sold:
Put 251,112
[11,351] –
U.S. dollar 251,112
[11,351] –
Bought:
Call 10,076
[–] – U.S. dollar 10,076
[–] – Put 719,375
[14,112] – U.S. dollar 708,956
[14,059] – British pound 10,418
[53] – linked 174,102 174,102
Total
Total return swaps: Foreign currency index
380,165 – 95,171 – 69,310 –
30,703 30,703
(8,828)
– – – (13,862)
(8,828) 1,638 1,638
– – – (130)
                                      121 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 (3) Fair value of currency swaps is calculated by discounting expected cash flows.
(4) An option pricing model is used for fair value calculation of currency options or the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions. (5) Fair value of total return swaps is based on fair value calculated by referred index of 31 March, 2018.
2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. Fair value for forward contracts and swaps, and differences between the option premiums paid/received and fair value of the option for option transactions, are shown
in "Gains (losses)".
(2) Interest-related transactions
(A) Notional amount/ contract value
Receipts fixed, payments
floating 193,788
Receipts floating, payments
fixed 52,254
As of March 31, 2017
       Receipts fixed, payments
floating 333,912 333,912
Receipts floating, payments
fixed 61,000 34,000
Yen interest rate swaptions: Sold:
Receipts fixed, payments
floating 10,000
6,657 (2)
19 0
2,270
–
3,142 3,142 574 320
94
[0] –
94
[0] –
10,875 6,635 [128] [43]
62 62 (0) (0)
0 (0) 0 0
Receipts floating, payments fixed
Bought:
Receipts floating,
payments fixed
Total
[19] – 10,000
[39] –
1,155,425 705,000 [13,630] [4,579]
– –
21 (106) – – – (43)
Over
1 year included in (A)
Fair value
Gains (losses)
6,629 131
1,604
       Over-the-counter transactions: Yen interest rate swaps:
Yen interest rate swaptions: Sold:
Receipts floating, payments fixed
Bought:
Receipts floating,
payments fixed
Total
350,000 [1,672]
1,176,210 [20,235]
–
193,618 52,254
–
881,210 [16,967] –
6,629 131
67
(Unit: million yen)
Fair value
Gains (losses)
6,657 (2)
(0) 38
(11,359)
(4,666)
Notional amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
2,311 (17,923) – (9,558)
                    Note: 1. (1) Fair value of yen interest rate swaps listed above is present value of expected cash flows, discounted by the interest rates at the end of the year or the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
(2) An option pricing model is used for fair value calculation of yen interest rate swaptions or the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. Fair value for swaps, and differences between the option premiums paid/received and fair value of the option for option transactions, are shown in "Gains (losses)".
           (A) Over Notional 1 year
amount/ included contract in (A)
value
As of March 31, 2018 (A)
Over 1 year included in (A)
           Over-the-counter transactions: Yen interest rate swaps:
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
                                      Note: 1. (1) Fair value of yen interest rate swaps listed above is present value of expected cash flows, discounted by the interest rates at the end of the year or the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
(2) An option pricing model is used for fair value calculation of yen interest rate swaptions or the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. Fair value for swaps, and differences between the option premiums paid/received and fair value of the option for option transactions, are shown in "Gains (losses)".
AnnualReport2018 122

 (3) Stock-related transactions
As of March 31, 2017
Fair Gains value (losses)
       (A) Notional amount/ contract value
Over 1 year included in (A)
       Exchange-traded transactions: Yen stock index futures:
Sold 20,849
Bought 25,313 Foreign currency-denominated
stock index futures:
Sold 107,669 Bought 21,439
– –
– –
–
–
– 33,732 [1,785]
18 [14]
8,881 [2,190]
–
2,072 [96] 48,047 [8,463]
–
223 (268)
120 126
10
13,397
17,289 7,517
17
1,704
4,920
6,905 4,896
–
223 (268)
120 126
(2,352)
(4,082)
4,904 2,887
2
(1,038)
(926)
1,297 (8,726)
(7,834)
Yen stock index options: Bought:
Put
Foreign currency-denominated stock index options:
Sold:
Call
Bought: Call
80,000 [2,362]
198,955 [9,315]
193,410
[12,385] Put 78,340 [4,629]
Others: Bought:
Call 24 [15]
Over-the-counter transactions: Yen stock index options:
Bought:
Put 12,099
[2,743]
Foreign currency-denominated stock index options:
Sold:
Call 102,772 [3,993]
Bought:
Call 101,902
[5,608] Put 73,734 [13,623]
Total –
(Unit: million yen)
                    Note: 1. Fair value is based on the closing exchange-traded prices and the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. Fair value for forward contracts, and differences between the option premiums paid/received and fair value of the option for option transactions, are shown in "Gains
(losses)".
123 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 As of March 31, 2018
         (A) Over Notional 1 year
amount/ included contract in (A)
value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
(675) 84
538 (228)
(1,321)
(13,487)
15,910 (967)
8
(1,316)
(1,605)
2,414 (7,240)
(20)
(7,907)
(A) Over Notional 1 year
amount/ included contract in (A)
value
Fair
value (losses)
Gains
           Exchange-traded transactions: Yen stock index futures:
Sold 28,650 –
Bought 4,549 – Foreign currency-denominated
stock index futures:
Sold 65,588 – Bought 13,763 –
Yen stock index options: Bought:
Put 161,575 4,081 [5,357] [485]
Foreign currency-denominated stock index options:
Sold:
Call 295,687
[10,474] –
Bought:
Call 286,818
[15,147] – Put 121,723 35,107 [7,156] [2,742]
Others: Bought:
Call 17 17 [14] [14]
Over-the-counter transactions: Yen stock index options:
Bought:
Put 8,615 8,615
[2,124] [2,124]
Foreign currency-denominated stock index options:
Sold:
Call 56,060 148 [1,305] [9]
Bought:
Call 59,733 3,308
[2,466] [158] Put 62,584 46,509 [10,732] [8,045]
(675) 84
538 (228)
4,036
23,961
31,058 6,189
22
807
2,910
4,880 3,491
(20)
–
269 – 42 –
617 – 129 –
1,520 38 [50] [4]
2,783
[98] –
2,699
[142] –
1,145 330 [67] [25]
0 0 [0] [0]
81 81 [19] [19]
527 1 [12] [0]
562 31 [23] [1] 589 437
[101] [75] 461 429
(6) (6) 0 0
5 5 (2) (2)
37 (12)
225 (126)
292 149 58 (9)
0 0
7 (12)
27 (15)
45 22 32 (68)
(0) (0)
Total return swaps: Foreign currency index linked
49,078 45,626
Total – –
––– (74)
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
                                      Note: 1. (1) Yen stock index futures, foreign currency-denominated stock index futures, yen stock index options, foreign currency-denominated stock index options and Others Fair value is based on the closing exchange-traded prices and the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
(2) Total return swaps
Fair value is based on the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. Fair value for forward contracts, and differences between the option premiums paid/received and fair value of the option for option transactions, are shown in "Gains
(losses)".
AnnualReport2018 124

 (4) Bond-related transactions
As of March 31, 2017
      Notional
amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
      Exchange-traded transactions: Yen bond futures:
Sold
Bought
Foreign currency-denominated bond
futures:
Sold
Bought 314,486
Over-the-counter transactions: Yen bond OTC options:
Sold:
Call 18,784
[47] Put 99,556 [693]
Bought:
Call 99,556
[453] Put 18,784 [119]
9,298 103,370
(18) (18) 172 172
(921) (921) 531 531
90 (42) 496 197
675 222 160 41
(Unit: million yen)
  Total
–     – 182
260,734
            Note: 1. (1) Fair value of yen bond futures is based on the closing exchange-traded prices.
(2) Fair value of foreign currency-denominated bond futures is based on the closing exchange-traded prices or the price presented by counterparty financial institutions.
(3) Fair value of yen bond OTC options is based on the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions.
2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. Fair value for futures and differences between the option premiums paid/received and fair value of the option, are shown in "Gains (losses)". 4. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
125 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 As of March 31, 2018
         Notional
amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
Notional Fair Gains
amount/ value (losses) contract value
         Exchange-traded transactions: Yen bond futures:
Sold 33,812
Bought 55,351 Foreign currency-denominated bond
futures:
Sold 580,577 Bought 764,296
Foreign currency-denominated bond futures options:
Bought
Call 50,995 [351] Put 50,995 [298]
Over-the-counter transactions: Foreign currency-denominated bond
forward contracts
Sold 80,181 Bought 108,853
Yen bond OTC options: Sold:
Call 4,977 [29] Put 92,197 [422]
Bought:
Call 92,197
[269] Put 4,977 [44]
Total –
39 (19)
(5,911) 7,244
531 39
(512) 277
41 274
458 36
39 318 (19) 520
(5,911) 5,464 7,244 7,194
479 179 [3] 479 (258) [2]
(512) 754 277 1,024
46 (12) [0] 867 147 [3]
867 189 [2] 46 [0]
0 0 (0) (0)
(55) (55) 68 68
4 1 0 (2)
(4) (4) 2 2
0 (0) 2 1
4 1 0 (0)
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
(8) – 1,354
–             – 12
                        Note: 1. (1) Fair value of yen bond futures and foreign currency-denominated bond futures options are based on the closing exchange-traded prices.
(2) Fair value of foreign currency-denominated bond futures is based on the closing exchange-traded prices or the price presented by counterparty financial
institutions.
(3) Fair value of foreign currency-denominated bond forward contracts is based on the price quoted by information vendors. (4) Fair value of yen bond OTC options is based on the price calculated by the option pricing model.
2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. Fair value for futures and forward contracts, and differences between the option premiums paid/received and fair value of the option, are shown in "Gains (losses)". 4. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
AnnualReport2018 126

 (5) Others
a) Credit Default Swaps and Embedded Derivatives
As of March 31, 2017
       (A) Notional amount/ contract value
28,000 11,385
1,709,918
–
Over
1 year included in (A)
Fair value
Gains (losses)
674 (119)
(52,131)
(51,577)
       Over-the-counter transactions: Credit default swaps:
Sold protection
Bought protection Others:
Embedded derivatives
Total
25,000 11,385
1,709,918
–
674 (119)
(52,131)
–
(Unit: million yen)
                    Note: 1. Embedded derivatives are guaranteed minimum portion and others of variable annuity products, which are classified as embedded derivatives by certain overseas subsidiaries under local accounting standards.
2. Fair value listed above is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. 3. Fair value is shown in "Gains (losses)".
           (A) Notional amount/ contract value
63,562 1,000
Over
1 year included in (A)
As of March 31, 2018 (A)
Over 1 year included in (A)
Fair value
Gains (losses)
Notional amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
           Over-the-counter transactions: Credit default swaps:
Sold protection
Bought protection Others:
598 570 11
(70,612) 15,093 15,093 (664) (664)
(69,331) – – – (652)
Embedded derivatives 1,603,514 1,603,514 (70,612) Total –     –   –
(Unit: million yen)
60,562 1,257 1,000 22
(Unit: million US dollars)
1,257
22 9 9 0 0
11
                                   Note: 1. Embedded derivatives are guaranteed minimum portion and others of variable annuity products, which are classified as embedded derivatives by certain overseas subsidiaries under local accounting standards.
2. Fair value listed above is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. 3. Fair value is shown in "Gains (losses)".
127 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 b) DFLI utilizes derivative transactions within its money held in trust for trading purposes and foreign securities (investment trust). Details of the derivative transactions are as follows:
i) Currency-related transactions
Exchange-traded transactions: Currency futures:
Sold
Euro / U.S. dollar
British pound / U.S. dollar
Bought
Yen / U.S. dollar
Over-the-counter transactions: Foreign currency forward contracts:
Sold
U.S. dollar
Euro 23,097 464
As of March 31, 2017
      Notional
amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
(242) (104) (138)
876 876
1,371 794 464 121 (40) 44 (13)
2,005
      British pound
Australian dollar
Canadian dollar
Others 4,163 (13)
Total –     –
(Unit: million yen)
19,009 (242) 13,503 (104) 5,505 (138) 41,336 876 41,336 876
118,513 1,371 79,750 794
6,534 121 2,504 (40) 2,463 44
              Note: 1. (1) Fair value of currency futures listed above is based on the closing exchange-traded prices.
(2) Forward exchange rates at the end of the year are used for fair value calculation of foreign currency forward contracts.
2. Fair value is shown in "Gains (losses)".
3. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
As of March 31, 2018
         Exchange-traded transactions: Currency futures:
Sold
Euro / U.S. dollar
British pound / U.S. dollar
Bought
Yen / U.S. dollar
Over-the-counter transactions: Foreign currency forward contracts:
Sold
U.S. dollar
Euro
British pound Canadian dollar Australian dollar Others
Bought
U.S. dollar
Euro 131
Notional
amount/ contract value
Fair Gains value (losses)
Notional Fair
amount/ value contract value
Gains (losses)
         13 13 22 22 4 4 (5) (5) (4) (4) (0) (0) Total – – 377
1
– – 3
19,617 14,067 5,550 41,819 41,819
81,151 51,449 18,683
99 99 111 111 (11) (11) (42) (42) (42) (42)
325 325 127 127 177 177 (19) (19)
184
132
 52
393
393
763 484 175
 44
 16
 14
 27
 16
 15
0 0
1 1 (0) (0) (0) (0) (0) (0)
3 3 1 1 1 1
(0) (0) 0 0 0 0 0 0
(0) (0) (0) (0) (0) (0)
4,734 1,760 1,592 2,930 1,729 1,597
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
                              Note: 1. (1) Fair value of currency futures listed above is based on the closing exchange-traded prices.
(2) Forward exchange rates at the end of the year are used for fair value calculation of foreign currency forward contracts.
2. Fair value is shown in "Gains (losses)".
3. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
AnnualReport2018 128

 ii) Stock-related transactions
As of March 31, 2017
      Notional
amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
972 (476)
496
As of March 31, 2018
      Exchange-traded transactions: Yen stock index futures:
Sold
Foreign currency-denominated
stock index futures: Sold
Total
58,946 59,483
–
972 (476)
–
(Unit: million yen)
                Note: 1. Fair value listed above is based on the closing exchange-traded prices.
2. Fair value is shown in "Gains (losses)".
3. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
         Notional
amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
(617) 1,224
Notional Fair
amount/ value contract value
Gains (losses)
         Exchange-traded transactions: Yen stock index futures:
Sold
Foreign currency-denominated
stock index futures: Sold
Total
42,283 44,281
(617) 1,224
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
397 (5) (5) 416 11 11
– – 5
– – 606
                              Note: 1. Fair value listed above is based on the closing exchange-traded prices.
2. Fair value is shown in "Gains (losses)".
3. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
iii) Bond-related transactions
Exchange-traded transactions: Yen bond futures:
Sold
Foreign currency-denominated
bond futures: Sold
Total
As of March 31, 2017
      Notional
amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
5 (253)
(247)
As of March 31, 2018
      82,659 132,238
–
5 (253)
–
(Unit: million yen)
                Note: 1. Fair value listed above is based on the closing exchange-traded prices.
2. Fair value is shown in "Gains (losses)".
3. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
         Notional
amount/ contract value
Fair value
Gains (losses)
6 (1,082)
(1,075)
Notional Fair
amount/ value contract value
Gains (losses)
         Exchange-traded transactions: Yen bond futures:
Sold
Foreign currency-denominated
bond futures: Sold
Total
54,284 111,732
–
6 (1,082)
–
510 1,051
0 0
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
(10) (10) –     – (10)
                            Note: 1. Fair value listed above is based on the closing exchange-traded prices.
2. Fair value is shown in "Gains (losses)".
3. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
129 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 2. Derivative Transactions (Hedge Accounting Applied)
(1) Currency-related transactions
As of March 31, 2017
      (A) Notional amount/ contract value
Over
1 year included in (A)
Fair value
3,541 (953) 4,494
15 15
      Deferral hedge:
Currency swaps to hedge foreign currency-denominated bonds:
Receipts yen, payments foreign currency
U.S. dollar
266,142 252,943 204,574 191,375 61,568 61,568
foreign currency 13,650 13,650
Norway krone / U.S. dollar 13,650 13,650 Fair value hedge:
Foreign currency forward contracts to hedge foreign currency-denominated bonds:
Euro
Currency swaps to hedge foreign currency risks associated with funding
agreement:
Receipts foreign currency, payments
Sold 5,215,748 U.S. dollar 2,948,262 Euro 1,090,351
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
(140,242) (81,896) (8,294) (22,627) (8,876) (1,271) (17,274) (42) (157) (43) (1) 0 159
Australian dollar
Canadian dollar
British pound
Others 497,156
Bought 27,390 U.S. dollar 18,150 Euro 3,000 British pound 60 Australian dollar 0 Others 6,178
Foreign currency forward contracts, etc., allocated to and/or combined corresponding hedged items:
Foreign currency forward contracts to hedge foreign currency-denominated term
deposits: Sold
Australian dollar U.S. dollar Others
with
314,849 – (*1) 122,516 – (*1) 81,866 – (*1) 110,465 – (*1)
Currency swaps to hedge foreign currency-denominated bonds payable and loans:
Receipts foreign currency, payments yen
Foreign currency-denominated
bonds payable:
U.S. dollar
Receipts yen, payments foreign
476,277 476,277 (*2) 476,277 476,277 (*2)
currency 38,521 Foreign currency-denominated
loans:
U.S. dollar 32,557 Euro 5,964
Note: 1. Currency swaps:
Fair value of currency swaps is calculated by discounting expected cash flows.
38,521 (*2)
32,557 (*2) 5,964 (*2)
415,851 138,358 125,768
(Unit: million yen)
 2. Foreign currency forward contracts:
Forward exchange rates at the end of the fiscal year are used for fair value calculation.
(*1) As foreign currency forward contracts which apply the currency allotment method are accounted for as combined with foreign currency-denominated term deposits as hedged items, their fair value is included in the fair value of such foreign currency-denominated term deposits.
(*2) As foreign currency swaps which apply the currency allotment method are accounted for as combined with foreign currency-denominated bonds payable and loans as hedged items, their fair value is included in the fair value of such foreign currency-denominated bonds payable and loans.
AnnualReport2018 130

          (A) Over Notional 1 year
amount/ included contract in (A)
value
As of March 31, 2018 (A)
Over
1 year Fair
Fair value
Notional amount/ contract value
included in (A)
value
         131 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
(Unit: million yen)
Foreign currency forward contracts to hedge foreign currency-denominated stocks (forecasted transactions):
Deferral hedge:
Bought
U.S. dollar Others
9,654 – 7,384 – 2,270 –
(508) (439) (68)
16,595 17,303 (1,226)
90 – (4) 69 – (4) 21 – (0)
2,573 2,353 156 1,880 1,659 162 579 579 (11) 114 114 4
124 124 6 124 124 6
49,444 – 1,537 26,282 – 941 13,385 – 263
3,394 – 149 1,244 – 23 1,061 – 68 4,075 – 90 1,115 – (20) 1,113 – (20)
0 – (0) 0 – (0) 0 – (0)
875
[15] – 7 875
[15] – 7
875
[15] – 18 875
[15] – 18
Currency swaps to hedge foreign currency-denominated bonds:
Receipts yen, payments foreign
currency 273,422 U.S. dollar 199,735 Euro 61,568 British pound 12,119
517 Currency swaps to hedge foreign currency risks associated with funding agreement:
Receipts foreign currency, payments
foreign currency 13,241 13,241 679
Norway krone / U.S. dollar 13,241 13,241 679 Fair value hedge:
Foreign currency forward contracts to hedge foreign currency-denominated bonds:
Sold 5,252,956 U.S. dollar 2,792,212 Euro 1,422,032 Australian dollar 360,649 British pound 132,251 Canadian dollar 112,785 Others 433,024
Bought 118,466 U.S. dollar 118,253 Euro 83 British pound 62 Others 67
Currency options: Sold
Call 93,057
[1,686] –
U.S. dollar 93,057
[1,686] –
Bought
Put 93,057
[1,686] – U.S. dollar 93,057
1,958
Foreign currency forward contracts to hedge foreign currency-denominated term deposits:
[1,686] –
Foreign currency forward contracts, etc., allocated to and/or combined with corresponding hedged items:
Sold
Australian dollar U.S. dollar Others
262,693 – (*1) 119,405 – (*1) 32,904 – (*1) 110,383 – (*1)
2,472 – (*1) 1,123 – (*1) 309 – (*1) 1,038 – (*1)
4,483 4,483 (*2)
4,483 4,483 (*2) 358 358 (*2)
Currency swaps to hedge foreign currency-denominated bonds payable and loans:
Receipts foreign currency, payments yen
Foreign currency-denominated
bonds payable:
U.S. dollar
Receipts yen, payments foreign
476,277
476,277
476,277 (*2)
476,277 (*2) 38,081 (*2)
currency 38,081 Foreign currency-denominated
loans:
250,038 176,351 61,568 12,119
– 163,366 – 100,027 – 28,035 – 15,883 – 2,504 – 7,260 – 9,654 – (2,217) – (2,214) – (1) – (0) – (1)
824 824
1,958
(Unit: million US dollars)
 U.S. dollar 32,116 32,116 (*2) 302 302 (*2) Euro 5,964 5,964 (*2) 56 56 (*2)
Note: 1. Foreign currency forward contracts:
Forward exchange rates at the end of the fiscal year are used for fair value calculation.
2. Currency swaps:
Fair value of currency swaps is calculated by discounting expected cash flows or the price presented by counterparty financial institutions.
(*1) As foreign currency forward contracts which apply the currency allotment method are accounted for as combined with foreign currency-denominated term deposits as hedged items, their fair value is included in the fair value of such foreign currency-denominated term deposits.
(*2) As foreign currency swaps which apply the currency allotment method are accounted for as combined with foreign currency-denominated bonds payable and loans as hedged items, their fair value is included in the fair value of such foreign currency-denominated bonds payable and loans.
  (2) Interest-related transactions
As of March 31, 2017
      (A) Notional amount/ contract value
Over
1 year included in (A)
Fair value
(20,559)
189 (3,161)
      (Unit: million yen) Yen interest rate swaps to hedge loans and insurance liabilities:
Deferral hedge:
Receipts fixed, payments floating 603,000 Special hedge accounting:
Yen interest rate swaps to hedge loans:
Receipts fixed, payments floating 19,800
Yen interest rate swaps to hedge loans payable: Receipts floating, payments fixed 283,000
603,000
16,800 283,000
 Note: Fair value listed above is present values of expected cash flows, discounted by the interest rates at the end of the fiscal year.
         (A) Notional amount/ contract value
Over
1 year included in (A)
As of March 31, 2018 (A)
Over
1 year Fair
Fair value
(10,492)
137 (2,489)
Notional amount/ contract value
included in (A)
         (Unit: million yen) Yen interest rate swaps to hedge loans and insurance liabilities:
value (Unit: million US dollars)
Deferral hedge:
Receipts fixed, payments floating 604,000 Special hedge accounting:
Yen interest rate swaps to hedge loans:
Receipts fixed, payments floating 16,800
Yen interest rate swaps to hedge loans payable: Receipts floating, payments fixed 283,000
604,000
15,300 283,000
5,685
158
2,663
5,685 (98)
144 1 2,663 (23)
  Note: Fair value listed above is present values of expected cash flows, discounted by the interest rates at the end of the fiscal year.
AnnualReport2018 132

 (3) Stock-related transactions
As of March 31, 2017
Notional
amount/ Fair value contract value
(Unit: million yen)
Fair value hedge:
Equity forward contracts to hedge domestic stocks:
Sold 26,264 1,246
Note: 1. Fair value listed above is based on the market price of underlying assets, interest rates and expected dividends, etc. 2. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
           As of March 31, 2018
       Notional
amount/ contract value
Fair value
Notional
amount/ Fair value contract value
(Unit: million US dollars) 89 (0)
       (Unit: million yen)
Fair value hedge:
Equity forward contracts to hedge domestic stocks:
Sold 9,559 (24)
  Note: 1. Fair value listed above is based on the market price of underlying assets, interest rates and expected dividends, etc. 2. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
(4) Bond-related transactions
As of March 31, 2017 Notional
amount/ Fair value
contract value
(Unit: million yen)
          Deferral hedge:
Foreign currency-denominated bonds OTC options to hedge foreign currency-denominated bonds:
Sold:
Call 62,192
[902] 1,030
Bought:
Put 62,192
[902] 313
Note: 1. Fair value listed above is the prices calculated by the option pricing model or the prices quoted from counterparty financial institutions. 2. Figures in [ ] are amounts of option premiums which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.
3. There were no transactions with maturity of more than one year in the table above.
As of March 31, 2018 Not applicable
 133 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 XIII. EMPLOYEES' RETIREMENT BENEFITS
1. Overview of Employees' Retirement Benefit Plan of the Group
As a defined benefit plan for its sales representatives, DL has established and maintained a benefit plan consisting of retirement lump sum grants and company administered pension.
For its administrative personnel, DL has established and maintained a benefit plan consisting of defined benefit corporate pension and retirement lump sum grants as a defined benefit plan and defined contribution pension as a defined contribution plan.
Certain consolidated overseas subsidiaries have maintained their defined benefit plan and defined contribution plan.
2. Defined benefit plans
(1) Reconciliations of beginning and ending balances of projected benefit obligations
Year ended March 31, 2017 2018
(Unit: million yen)
730,381 29,372 3,358 6,961 (34,665) – (2,201)
Ending balance of the projected benefit obligation 730,381
Note: Retirement benefit expenses for consolidated subsidiaries adopting the simplified method are included in "Service cost".
(2) Reconciliations of beginning and ending balances of pension assets
Year ended March 31, 2017 2018
(Unit: million yen)
2018 (Unit: million US dollars)
6,874 276 31 65 (326) – (20) 6,901
2018 (Unit: million US dollars)
2,906 18 185 117 (209) – (6) 3,012
            Beginning balance of the projected benefit obligations Service cost
Interest cost
Accruals of actuarial (gains) and losses
738,116 30,920 3,397 3,413 (37,925) (4,750) Others (2,790)
Payment of retirement benefits
Decreases due to exclusion from consolidation
      733,207
                        Beginning balance of pension assets
Estimated return on assets
Accruals of actuarial (gains) and losses
Contributions from the employer
Payment of retirement benefits
Decreases due to exclusion from consolidation
Others (807)
Ending balance of pension assets 308,821
308,821 1,915 19,717 12,485 (22,218) – (704)
320,017
295,038 1,995 17,922 11,386 (13,674) (3,039)
                  (3) Reconciliations of year-end balance of projected benefit obligations and pension assets, and net defined benefit liabilities and assets that have been recorded in the consolidated balance sheet
Year ended March 31, 2017 2018
(Unit: million yen)
2018 (Unit: million US dollars)
3,881 (3,012) 869 3,019
3,889 3,889 –
3,889
            Projected benefit obligation for funded pensions Pension assets
Projected benefit obligation for unfunded pensions
Net of assets and liabilities recorded in the consolidated balance
sheet
Net defined benefit liabilities Net defined benefit assets
Net of assets and liabilities recorded in the consolidated balance sheet
414,199 (308,821)
105,377 316,182
421,560
421,560 –
421,560
412,373 (320,017)
92,355 320,833
413,189
413,189 –
413,189
                                AnnualReport2018 134

 (4) Amount of the components of retirement benefit expenses
Year ended March 31,
2017 2018 2018
            (Unit: million yen)
29,372 3,358 (1,915) 3,073 257
Retirement benefit expenses for defined benefit plans 37,283
Note: Retirement benefit expenses for consolidated subsidiaries adopting the simplified method are included in "Service cost".
(5) Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
(Unit: million US dollars)
276 31 (18) 28 2 321
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on assets
Expense of actuarial (gains) and losses
30,920 3,397 (1,995) 4,525 Others 435
      34,146
            Breakdown of items recorded in remeasurements of defined benefit plans (before applicable tax effect) was as follows:
Year ended March 31,
2017 2018 2018
19,148 15,871 149
            Actuarial gains (losses)
Total
(6) Accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans
(Unit: million yen)
19,148 15,871 149
(Unit: million US dollars)
                  Breakdown of items recorded in accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans (before applicable tax effect) was as follows:
Year ended March 31,
2017 2018 2018
27,444 11,575 108
      (Unit: million US dollars)
      Unrecognized actuarial gains (losses)
Total
(7) Pension assets
(Unit: million yen)
27,444 11,575 108
                  a) The main components of the pension assets
Ratios of the major assets to the total pension assets were as follows:
Year ended March 31, 2017 2018
Stocks 58% 59% Assets under joint management 11% 15% Bonds 11% 11% Life insurance general account 8% 7% Others 12% 8%
Total 100% 100%
Note: The proportion of retirement benefit trust to total pension assets that has been set for the unfunded retirement benefit plans as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 were 51% and 50%, respectively.
b) The method of setting the expected long-term rate of return on pension assets
To determine the expected long-term rate of return on pension assets, the consolidated subsidiaries have taken into
account the allocation of pension assets at present and in future, and long-term rate of return on a variety of assets that make up the pension assets at present and in future.
(8) Calculation basis of actuarial gains and losses
Major assumptions of basis of actuarial calculation as of the fiscal year-end were as follows:
                      Year ended March 31,
        Discount rate
Expected long-term rate of return
Defined benefit corporate pension Employee pension trust
3. Defined contribution plans
2017
0.30 to 4.04%
0.30 to 7.25% 0.00%
2018
0.30 to 3.55%
0.30 to 7.00% 0.00%
  135 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Required amounts of contribution to defined contribution plans of consolidated subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥2,447 million and ¥2,479 million (US$23 million), respectively.
 XIV. STOCK OPTIONS
1. The account used to record expenses associated with issuing stock options and the amount expensed
Operating expenses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017: ¥362 million
Operating expenses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018: ¥327 million (US$3 million)
2. Details of the stock options granted (1) Details of the stock options
    The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
1st Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
 The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited 2nd Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
  The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
3rd Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
  Granted persons
  10 directors (except outside directors) and 16 executive officers of DL
  11 directors (except outside directors) and 16 executive officers of DL
   11 directors (except outside directors) and 17 executive officers of DL
Class and total number (*1)
Grant date Vesting conditions
Service period covered Exercise period (*2)
Class and total number (*1)
Grant date Vesting conditions
Service period covered Exercise period (*2)
Class and total number (*1)
Grant date Vesting conditions
Service period covered Exercise period (*2)
169,800 shares of common stock
August 16, 2011
The acquisition rights are vested on the above grant date.
N/A
From August 17, 2011 to August 16, 2041
179,000 shares of common stock
August 18, 2014
The acquisition rights are vested on the above grant date.
N/A
From August 19, 2014 to August 18, 2044
215,800 shares of common stock
August 24, 2017
The acquisition rights are vested on the above grant date.
N/A
From August 25, 2017 to August 24, 2047
318,700 shares of common stock
August 16, 2012
The acquisition rights are vested on the above grant date.
N/A
From August 17, 2012 to August 16, 2042
110,600 shares of common stock
August 17, 2015
The acquisition rights are vested on the above grant date.
N/A
From August 18, 2015 to August 17, 2045
183,700 shares of common stock
August 16, 2013
The acquisition rights are vested on the above grant date.
N/A
From August 17, 2013 to August 16, 2043
269,600 shares of common stock
October 18, 2016
The acquisition rights are vested on the above grant date.
N/A
From October 19, 2016 to October 18, 2046
                                             The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
4th Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
  The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
5th Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
  Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. 1st Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
   Granted persons
   11 directors (except outside directors) and 17 executive officers of DL
 11 directors (except outside directors) and 18 executive officers of DL
   10 directors (except directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members) and 15 executive officers of the Company, and 38 directors, etc. of the Company's subsidiaries
                                         Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. 2nd Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
     Granted persons
   6 directors (except directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members) and 15 executive officers of the Company, and 37 directors, etc. of the Company's subsidiaries
              (*1) It has been described in terms of the number of shares. The Company conducted a 1:100 share split on October 1, 2013. It is translated into the number of shares that takes into account the share split.
(*2) A granted person can exercise stock acquisition rights only within 10 days from the day on which she/he loses status as any of a director (except director serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee member) or an executive officer of the Company, DL, DFLI and Neo First Life. For stock options granted before the shift to a holding company structure, the terms and conditions for the exercise period have been changed due to the shift to a holding company structure effective on October 1, 2016.
AnnualReport2018 136

 (2) Figures relating to the stock options
The following table covers stock options which existed during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 and the total number of stock options is translated to the number of shares of common stock.
a) Number of the stock options (shares)
            Before vesting Outstanding at the end of prior fiscal year Granted
Forfeited Vested
Outstanding at the end
of the fiscal year After vesting
1st Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
- - - -
-
2nd Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
- - - -
-
3rd Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
- - - -
-
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
                                                        Outstanding at the end
of prior fiscal year
Vested - - - Exercised 23,800 43,400 25,500 Forfeited --- Outstanding at the end
of the fiscal year 69,000 165,200
92,800
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
208,600
140,600
115,100
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. 1st Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
- - - -
-
                                              4th Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
Before vesting
Outstanding at the end
of prior fiscal year - Granted -
Forfeited - Vested -
Outstanding at the end
of the fiscal year - After vesting
5th Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
- - - -
-
                                                      Outstanding at the end
of prior fiscal year 155,900
Vested - - -
Exercised Forfeited
Outstanding at the end of the fiscal year
Before vesting Outstanding at the end of prior fiscal year
Granted
Forfeited
Vested
Outstanding at the end of the fiscal year
After vesting Outstanding at the end of prior fiscal year
Vested
Exercised
Forfeited
Outstanding at the end of the fiscal year
106,500
32,700 18,500 38,000
---
123,200 88,000 231,600
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. 2nd Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
-
215,800
-
215,800
-
-
215,800
-
6,900
208,900
269,600
                                                                            137 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Note: It has been described in terms of the number of shares. The Company conducted a 1:100 share split on October 1, 2013. It is translated into the number of shares that takes into account the share split.
 b) Price information
         Exercise price
Average stock price at the time of exercise
Fair value at the grant date
Exercise price
Average stock price at the time of exercise
Fair value at the grant date
Exercise price
Average stock price at the time of exercise
Fair value at the grant date
1st Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
¥1 per stock option
¥1,947 (US$18) ¥885 (US$7)
2nd Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
¥1 per stock option
¥1,947 (US$18) ¥766 (US$6)
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company,
Limited
3rd Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights ¥1 per stock option
¥1,947 (US$18) ¥1,300 (US$11)
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. 1st Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
¥1 per stock option
¥1,947 (US$18) ¥1,344 (US$11)
                            The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
4th Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
¥1 per stock option
¥1,947 (US$18) ¥1,366 (US$12)
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. 2nd Series of
Stock Acquisition Rights
¥1 per stock option
¥-(US$-)
¥1,568 (US$14)
5th Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
¥1 per stock option
¥1,947 (US$18) ¥2,318 (US$20)
                                            Note: It has been described in terms of the number of shares. The Company conducted a 1:100 share split on October 1, 2013. It is translated into the number of shares that takes into account the share split.
3. Valuation method used for estimating fair value of stock options
Stock options granted for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 were valued as follows:
(1) Valuation method
Black-Scholes Model
(2) Assumptions
Stock options granted for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
     Expected volatility (*1) Expected durations (*2) Expected dividends (*3) Risk-free interest rate (*4)
2nd Series of Stock Acquisition Rights
37.378%
5 years
¥45 (US$0.42)
(0.096%)
           (*1) Computed based on the closing prices of common stock in each trading day from August 24, 2012 to August 23, 2017. (*2) Computed based on the average service period from the grant date to expected exercise date.
(*3) Computed based on the expected dividend for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
(*4) Based on yields of Japanese government bonds for a term corresponding to the expected durations.
4. Method to estimate the number of stock options vested
Only the actual number of forfeited stock options is considered, because it is difficult to rationally estimate the number of stock options to be forfeited in the future.
AnnualReport2018 138

 XV. DEFERRED TAX ACCOUNTING
1. Major components of deferred tax assets and liabilities
Deferred tax assets:
Policy reserves and others
Net defined benefits liabilities
Reserve for price fluctuations
Tax losses carried forward
Others 128,670
Subtotal 877,909
As of March 31, 2017 2018
(Unit: million yen)
2018 (Unit: million US dollars)
4,669 1,393 514 334 615 7,528 (610) 6,918
(8,071) (715) (1,489) (10,275) (3,357)
            483,812 158,240 48,798 58,388
496,111 148,075 54,678 35,577 65,426
799,869 (64,809)
735,059
(857,498) (75,997) (158,221)
(1,091,718) (356,658)
    Valuation allowances
Total
Deferred tax liabilities:
Net unrealized gains on securities, net of tax Evaluation difference related to business combination Others
Total
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)
(54,668)
823,241
(758,063) (152,819) (236,704)
(1,147,586) (324,345)
                                      2. The principal reasons for the difference between the statutory effective tax rate and actual effective tax
rate after considering deferred taxes
Statutory effective tax rate
(Adjustments)
Decrease in deferred tax liabilities in relation to U.S. tax reform
Permanent differences such as dividends received
Decrease in valuation allowance
Others (2.20%)
Actual effective tax rate after considering deferred taxes 25.48%
As 2017
of March 31, 2018
30.85%
(23.92%) (5.21%) 2.79% (1.11%) 3.41%
          30.78%
-
(0.63%) (2.47%)
              3. Adjustment of deferred tax assets and liabilities due to changes in effective statutory tax rate
The enactment of the U.S. tax reform act, Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, on December 22, 2017, reduces the federal corporate income tax rate which is applied to the Company’s consolidated subsidiaries in the U.S. from 35% to 21%.
As a result of this change, deferred tax liabilities decreased by ¥90,134 million (US$848 million) and corporate income taxes- deferred decreased by ¥90,134 million (US$848 million) for the year ended March 31, 2018.
XVI. ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS
1. Overview of Asset Retirement Obligations
The note is omitted because the balance of the asset retirement obligations as of the beginning and that as of the end of the current fiscal year were 1% or less than the total balance of the liabilities and the net assets as of the beginning and that as of the end of the current fiscal year, respectively.
139 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 XVII. REAL ESTATE FOR RENT
Certain domestic consolidated subsidiary owns a number of commercial buildings, including land, for rent in various locations including Tokyo. Net rental income from such real estate for rent for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥31,572 million and ¥32,603 million (US$306 million), respectively. The rental income was included in investment income and the rental expense was included in investment expenses. Impairment losses on rental real estate as extraordinary losses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥5,167 million and ¥11,505 million (US$108 million), respectively. Losses on sale on rental real estate as extraordinary losses was ¥8,593 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017.
The carrying amount, net change during the year and the market value of such rental real estate were as follows:
Year ended March 31,
2017 2018 2018
            Carrying amount: Beginning balance
Net change during year
Ending balance
Market value
(Unit: million yen)
807,289 795,164 (12,124) 9,438
795,164 804,603 892,854 958,825
(Unit: million US dollars)
7,484 88 7,573 9,025
                          Note: 1. The carrying amount of rental real estate on the consolidated balance sheet was acquisition costs net of accumulated depreciation and impairments.
2. Net change in carrying amount included cost of acquisition of the real estate of ¥33,544 million, sale of the real estate of ¥35,424 million, depreciation expense of ¥13,758 million, impairment loss of ¥5,167 million, during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017.
Net change in carrying amount included cost of acquisition of the real estate of ¥23,038 million (US$216 million), depreciation expense of ¥13,262 million (US$124 million), impairment loss of ¥11,505 million (US$108 million), sale of the real estate of ¥1,931 million (US$18 million), during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
3. Certain domestic consolidated subsidiaries calculate the market value of the majority of the rental real estate based on real estate appraisal standards by an independent appraiser, and others based on the internal but reasonable estimates.
XVIII. SEGMENT INFORMATION AND OTHERS
1. Segment Information
(1) Overview of reportable segments
The reportable segments of the Company are components of the Company about which separate financial information is
available. The segments are subject to periodic review to enable the Company's Board of Directors to decide on allocation of business resources and evaluate business performance.
The Company is a holding company which manages life insurance companies in Japan and elsewhere as well as other subsidiaries and affiliated companies. These companies are subject to regulations of the Insurance Business Act. The Company's operations are therefore segmented based on the operations of its subsidiaries and affiliated companies and the Company's three reportable segments are the Domestic Life Insurance Business, the Overseas Insurance Business, and Other Business.
The Domestic Life Insurance Business consists of subsidiaries that engage in the life insurance business in Japan. The Overseas Insurance Business consists of subsidiaries and affiliated companies that engage in the insurance business overseas. Subsidiaries and affiliated companies that do not operate either the Domestic Life Insurance Business or the Overseas Insurance Business are segmented as Other Business and mainly consist of the asset management related business.
(2) Method of calculating ordinary revenues, income or loss, assets and liabilities and others by reportable segment
The method of accounting for the reportable segments is the same as that described in "Principles of Consolidation".
Figures for reportable segment profit are based on ordinary profit. Intersegment revenue is based on market prices.
AnnualReport2018 140

 (3) Information on ordinary revenues, income or loss, assets and liabilities, and others by reportable segment For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017:
       Reportable Segment
Amount on Adjustments consolidated
     Domestic Life Insurance Business
5,125,695 7,998 5,133,694
339,801 42,462,352 39,867,640
Other relevant information
Depreciation of real estate for rent
and others
Depreciation 31,441
Overseas Insurance Business
1,371,436 2,356 1,373,792
85,926 9,281,194 8,537,599
18
21,051 3,600 235,986 29,764 1,611 25 69 (–) 28,889 52,888
3,151
Other Business
(Note 2)
6,505,269 (48,472) 43,998 (43,998) 6,549,268 (92,471)
446,461 (21,141) 53,501,227 (1,515,376) 48,859,883 (11,299)
13,784 –
52,760 (283) 3,600 – 1,131,092 (23,299) 43,605 (2,702) 6,424 – 17,507 (12) 47,460 (12) (13,742) (–) 79,053 18 132,628 –
71,822 –
financial statements (Note 3)
6,456,796 – 6,456,796
425,320 51,985,850 48,848,583
13,784
52,477 3,600 1,107,793 40,902 6,424 17,495 47,447 (13,742) 79,071 132,628
71,822
Total (Unit: million yen)
           Ordinary revenues (Note 1) Intersegment transfers
Total
Segment income (loss) Segment assets Segment liabilities
8,137 33,642 41,780
20,733 1,757,680 454,642
–
267 – 16,406 842 4,812 12,493 6 (–) (641) 79,740
63
               141 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Amortization of goodwill
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Equity in income of affiliates
Extraordinary gains
Extraordinary losses
(Impairment losses)
– 878,698 12,998 – 4,988 47,383 (13,742)
Taxes 50,805
Investments in affiliated companies –
Increase in tangible fixed assets and
intangible fixed assets
68,607
Note: 1. Ordinary revenues, instead of sales, are presented here.
13,765
2. Adjusted amounts were as follows.
a) Adjustment for ordinary revenues of ¥(48,472) million was mainly related to ordinary expenses including provision for reserves for outstanding claims of
¥28,521 million and ordinary revenues including foreign exchange gains of ¥7,433 million reconciled to other ordinary revenues and foreign exchange
losses in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings, respectively.
b) Adjustment for segment income (loss) of ¥(21,141) million was mainly related to elimination of dividend income from subsidiaries and affiliated companies. c) Adjustment for segment assets of ¥(1,515,376) million was mainly related to elimination of stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated companies.
d) Adjustment for segment liabilities of ¥(11,299) million was mainly related to consolidation adjustments for deferred tax assets.
e) Adjustment for others was mainly related to elimination of intersegment transactions.
3. Segment profit is reconciled with Ordinary profit booked in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018:
       Reportable Segment
Amount on
Adjustments consolidated (Note 2) financial
statements (Note 3)
(44,157) 7,037,827 (60,402) –
(104,559) 7,037,827
(47,976) 471,994 (1,562,110) 53,603,028 (36,997) 49,853,756
– 13,286
– 43,208
– 3,823 (50,371) 1,197,362 (2,274) 43,866 – 5,528 (3) 34,182 (3) 34,416 (–) (11,589) – 12,831 – 98,220
– 65,263
     Domestic Life Overseas Insurance Insurance Business Business
5,613,667 1,460,270 2,614 1,242
5,616,282 1,461,512
411,592 60,104 43,922,781 9,458,921 40,869,167 8,535,223
Other relevant information
Depreciation of real estate for rent
and others
Depreciation 30,511 12,499
Other Business
Total (Unit: million yen)
           Ordinary revenues (Note 1) Intersegment transfers
Total
Segment income (loss) Segment assets Segment liabilities
8,046 56,545
64,591
48,272 1,783,437 486,363
–
196 – 50,220 1,725 3,396 33,507 – (–) (250) 45,714
9
               Amortization of goodwill
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Equity in income of affiliates
Extraordinary gains
Extraordinary losses
(Impairment losses)
Taxes 84,056 (70,975)
Investments in affiliated companies Increase in tangible fixed assets and intangible fixed assets
Ordinary revenues (Note 1) Intersegment transfers
– 52,505 60,829 4,424
13,270 16
7,081,984 60,402
7,142,387
519,970 55,165,139 49,890,754
13,286
43,208 3,823 1,247,733 46,140 5,528 34,185 34,419 (11,589) 12,831 98,220
65,263
Total (Unit: million US dollars)
– 3,823 955,142 242,371 14,045 30,370 – 2,131 517 160 34,248 170 (11,589) (–)
            Domestic Life Insurance Business
52,839 24
Reportable Segment
Overseas Insurance Business
Amount on Adjustments consolidated
Other Business
(Note 2)
financial statements (Note 3)
                  Total 52,864
13,745 75 11 532
13,756 607
565 454 89,033 16,786 80,339 4,577
0 –
117 1 35 – 2,281 472 285 16 20 31 1 315 1 – (–) (–) (668) (2) 494 430
41 0
66,660 (415) 66,244 568 (568) –
67,228 (984) 66,244
4,894 (451) 4,442 519,250 (14,703) 504,546 469,604 (348) 469,255
125 – 125
406 – 406 35 – 35 11,744 (474) 11,270 434 (21) 412 52 – 52 321 (0) 321 323 (0) 323 (109) (–) (109) 120 – 120 924 – 924
614 – 614
       Segment income (loss) Segment assets Segment liabilities
3,874 413,429 384,687
 Other relevant information
Depreciation of real estate for rent
and others
Depreciation 287
Amortization of goodwill
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Equity in income of affiliates
Extraordinary gains
Extraordinary losses
(Impairment losses)
Taxes 791 Investments in affiliated companies – Increase in tangible fixed assets and
intangible fixed assets
Note: 1. Ordinary revenues, instead of sales, are presented here. 2. Adjusted amounts were as follows.
124
– 8,990 132 – 4 322 (109)
572
a) Adjustment for ordinary revenues of ¥(44,157) million (US$(415) million) was mainly related to ordinary expenses including provision for reserves for outstanding claims of ¥25,774 million (US$242 million) and ordinary revenues including gains on money held in trust of ¥9,222 million (US$86 million) reconciled to other ordinary revenues and losses on money held in trust in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings, respectively.
b) Adjustment for segment income (loss) of ¥(47,976) million (US$(451) million) was mainly related to elimination of dividend income from subsidiaries and affiliated companies.
c) Adjustment for segment assets of ¥(1,562,110) million (US$(14,703) million) was mainly related to elimination of stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated companies.
d) Adjustment for segment liabilities of ¥(36,997) million (US$(348) million) was mainly related to consolidation adjustments for deferred tax assets.
e) Adjustment for others was mainly related to elimination of intersegment transactions.
3. Segment profit is reconciled with Ordinary profit booked in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
AnnualReport2018 142

 2. Other Related Information
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017:
(1) Product (Service) Segment Information
Premium and other income Domestic Life Insurance Business
Overseas Insurance Business Other Business
Total
(2) Geographic Segment Information
a) Ordinary Revenues
Ordinary revenues Japan
United States of America Other Areas
Total
Year ended March 31, 2017 (Unit: million yen)
3,541,241 927,494 – 4,468,736
Year ended March 31, 2017 (Unit: million yen)
4,958,718 1,040,457 457,620 6,456,796
                            Note: 1. Ordinary revenues, instead of sales, are presented here.
2. Geographic area is classified into "Japan," "United States of America" or "Other Areas" mainly based on locations of customers.
b) Tangible fixed assets
The geographic segment information has been omitted as more than 90% of the Group's tangible fixed assets derive from its business unit in Japan.
(3) Major Customer Information
The major customer information has been omitted as no single customer accounts for 10% or more of the Group's ordinary revenues.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018:
(1) Product (Service) Segment Information
Premium and other income Domestic Life Insurance Business
Overseas Insurance Business Other Business
Total
(2) Geographic Segment Information
a) Ordinary Revenues
Ordinary revenues Japan
United States of America Other Areas
Total
Year ended March 31, 2018
    (Unit: million yen)
3,954,540 930,038 –
4,884,579
(Unit: million US dollars)
37,222 8,754 – 45,976
              Year ended March 31, 2018
    (Unit: million yen)
5,329,138 1,107,957 600,731
7,037,827
(Unit: million US dollars)
50,161 10,428 5,654 66,244
              143 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Note: 1. Ordinary revenues, instead of sales, are presented here.
2. Geographic area is classified into "Japan," "United States of America" or "Other Areas" mainly based on locations of customers.
b) Tangible fixed assets
The geographic segment information has been omitted as more than 90% of the Group's tangible fixed assets derive
from its business unit in Japan.
 (3) Major Customer Information
The major customer information has been omitted as no single customer accounts for 10% or more of the Group's ordinary revenues.
3. Impairment Losses on Fixed Assets by Reporting Segment
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018
The information on impairment losses on fixed assets by reporting segment has been omitted as it is explained in the
segment information section.
4. Amortization of Goodwill and Unamortized Amount of Goodwill by Reporting Segment
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017:
Domestic Life Insurance Business Overseas Insurance Business Other Business
Total
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018:
Domestic Life Insurance Business Overseas Insurance Business Other Business
Total
Year ended March 31, 2017 (Unit: million yen)
Unamortized amount of goodwill
    Amortization of goodwill
– – 3,600 57,938 – –
3,600 57,938
Year ended March 31, 2018
              (Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
    Amortization of goodwill
– 3,823 –
3,823
Unamortized amount of goodwill
– 51,481 –
51,481
Amortization of goodwill
– 35 – 35
Unamortized amount of goodwill
– 484 – 484
                       5. Gain on Negative Goodwill by Reporting Segment
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 Not applicable
6. Related Party Transactions
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 There are no significant transactions to be disclosed.
AnnualReport2018 144

 XIX. PER SHARE INFORMATION
      2017
As of / Year ended March 31, 2018
      Net assets per share
Net income per share Diluted net income per share
3,217.68 310.69 310.45
30.28 2.92 2.92
(Unit: yen) 2,668.61
196.62 196.48
2018
(Unit: US dollars)
    Note: 1. Underlying basis for the calculation of the net income per share and the diluted net income per share was as follows:
            Net income per share
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company Net income attributable to other than shareholders of common
2018 (Unit: million US dollars)
3,425
– 3,425
1,171,339 thousand shares
– 935 thousand shares [935 thousand
shares] –
2018 (Unit: million US dollars)
35,290 (12) (12) 35,277
1,164,792 thousand shares
231,286 stock –
2017
(Unit:
Year ended March 31, 2018
million yen)
363,928 –
363,928
1,171,339 thousand shares
– 935 thousand shares [935 thousand
shares] –
As of March 31, 2018
      Net income attributable to shareholders of common stock
Average number of common stock outstanding
Diluted net income per share
Adjustments to net income
Increase in the number of common stock
[Increase in the number of common stock attributable to subscription rights to shares]
Outline of the dilutive shares which are not counted in the basis of calculation of diluted net income per share because they do not have dilutive effect
231,286
1,176,333 thousand shares
– 838 thousand shares [838 thousand
shares] –
                  Note: 2. Underlying basis for the calculation of the net assets per share was as follows:
2017
(Unit:
Net assets
Adjustments (1,247)
            Subscription rights to shares
Net assets attributable to common stock
Number of outstanding common stock
3,137,266 (1,247)
million yen)
3,749,271 (1,348) (1,348)
3,747,923
1,164,792 thousand shares
      3,136,019
1,175,149 thousand shares
              Note: 3. For the calculation of net income per share, the treasury stock which includes shares held by (1) "the Stock Granting Trust (J-ESOP)" and (2) "the Company's Trust- type Employee Shareholding Incentive Plan (E-Ship®)" was excluded from the average number of common shares outstanding. The Trust Fund for Dai-ichi Life Insurance Employee Stock Holding Partnership was terminated in July 2016.The average number of treasury stocks during the year ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 was 4,585 thousand shares and 4,294 thousand shares, respectively. For the calculation of net assets per share, the treasury stock which includes shares held by the J-ESOP was excluded from the total number of issued and outstanding shares. The number of treasury stocks as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 was 4,334 thousand shares and 4,270 thousand shares, respectively.
145 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 XX. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
1.
The board of directors of the Company resolved at its meeting held on May 15, 2018 to repurchase the Company's own shares under the provision of Article 156 of the Companies Act of Japan, as applied pursuant to Article 165, Paragraph 3 of the Act, as follows.
(1) Reason for the Repurchase of the Company's own shares
To enhance shareholder return through the implementation of a flexible capital policy and the improvement of capital efficiency.
(2) Details of the Repurchase
a) Class of shares to be repurchased Shares of common stock
b) Aggregate number of shares to be repurchased Up to 39,000,000 shares
c) Aggregate price of shares to be repurchased Up to 39,000 million yen (US$367 million)
d) Period of repurchase of shares
From May 16, 2018 to March 31, 2019
e) Method of repurchase of shares Open-market repurchase by the trust method
The Company made Janus Henderson Group plc (“Janus Henderson”) an affiliated company on May 17, 2018.
(1) Purpose of the Purchase of Janus Henderson’s Shares
By making Janus Henderson, which has strong business presence in Europe and the United States, an affiliated
company of the Company, the Company and its Group companies expect to strengthen Asset Management Business capability and expand its profitability by incorporating Janus Henderson’s highprofit growth.
(2) Company Profile of Janus Henderson
a) Company name
Janus Henderson Group plc
b) Line of business Asset management
c) Company size (as of March 31, 2018)
Total assets under management: US$371.9 billion (¥39,510 billion)
(3) Timing of the Purchase of Janus Henderson’s Shares
The Company has accumulated Janus Henderson’s shares in the open market and through block trades from November
2017.
(4) Details of Purchases of Janus Henderson’s Shares a) Number of shares purchased
2.
Number of shares held Number of shares purchased Number of total shares
b) Purchase price ¥52,905 million
17,168,922 shares 13,500,000 shares 30,668,922 shares
    c) The Company’s shareholdings after completing the purchases (based on Janus Henderson’s ordinary shares outstanding as of May 4, 2018)
15.3%
AnnualReport2018 146

 XXI. (Unaudited) QUARTERLY INFORMATION
               Ordinary revenues (million yen)
Income before income taxes (million yen)
Three months ended June 30, 2017
1,592,502 104,783
71,936 61.20
Six months ended September 30, 2017
3,364,824 188,525
128,367
109.24
Nine months ended December 31, 2017 5,205,736
291,876
199,218
169.79
Year ended March 31, 2018
7,037,827 376,760
363,928
310.69
                    Net income attributable to shareholders parent company(million yen)
Net income attributable to shareholders parent company per share (yen)
Net income attributable to shareholders parent company per share (yen)
of of
of
Three months ended Three months ended
Three months ended Three months ended
                                                  Ordinary revenues (million US dollars) Income before income taxes (million US dollars)
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company (million US dollars)
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company per share (US dollars)
Net income attributable to shareholders of parent company per share (US dollars)
June 30, 2017 61.20
Three months ended June 30, 2017
14,989 986 677 0.57
September 30, 2017 48.03
Six months ended September 30, 2017
31,671 1,774 1,208
1.02
December 31, 2017 60.57
Nine months ended December 31, 2017 48,999
2,747 1,875 1.59
March 31, 2018 141.34
Year ended March 31, 2018
66,244 3,546 3,425
2.92
                                        Three months ended Three months ended June 30, 2017 September 30, 2017
0.57 0.45
Three months ended Three months ended December 31, 2017 March 31, 2018
0.57 1.33
               147 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Independent Auditor's Report
AnnualReport2018 148

 Balance Sheet of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited (Unit: million
(Unit: million yen)
As of March 31,
2018
474,030 Cash 173
Bank deposits Call loans
Monetary claims bought
Money held in trust
Securities 30,961,195
US dollars)
2018
          (ASSETS)
Cash and deposits
4,461 1 4,460 1,549 1,798 558 291,426 131,885 1,125 18,346 36,555 96,863 6,651 24,118 3,372 20,745 10,505 7,253 3,187 37 0 27 934 722 211 23 5,662 130 116 1,534 388 792 2,349 55 296 1,021 (9) (4) 342,048
Government bonds
Local government bonds
Corporate bonds
Stocks 3,883,612 Foreign securities 10,290,811 Other securities 706,641
Loans 2,562,316
Policy loans
Ordinary loans Tangible fixed assets
Land
Buildings
Leased assets Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets Software
Other intangible fixed assets Reinsurance receivable
Other assets
Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Accrued revenue Deposits
Margin money for futures trading Derivatives
Suspense payment
Other assets
Customers' liabilities for acceptances and guarantees Reserve for possible loan losses
Reserve for possible investment losses
Total assets
358,340 2,203,976 1,116,133
770,567 338,612 3,966 97 2,889 99,255 76,751 22,503 2,500 601,617 13,837 12,328 162,982 41,221 84,199 249,599 5,899 31,548 108,514 (994) (436) 36,339,190
473,857 164,600 191,108
59,348
14,011,465 119,575 1,949,088
          149 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Balance Sheet of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited (Continued)
          (LIABILITIES)
Policy reserves and others
Reserves for outstanding claims Policy reserves
Reserve for policyholder dividends
Reinsurance payable Bonds payable Other liabilities
Collateral for securities lending transactions Long-term debt and other borrowings Corporate income tax payable
Accounts payable
Accrued expenses
Unearned revenue
Deposits received
Guarantee deposits received Differential account for futures trading Derivatives
Collateral for financial instruments Lease liabilities
Asset retirement obligations Suspense receipt
Reserve for employees' retirement benefits
Reserve for retirement benefits of directors, executive officers
and corporate auditors
Reserve for possible reimbursement of prescribed claims Reserve for price fluctuations
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation
Acceptances and guarantees
Total liabilities
(NET ASSETS) Capital stock Capital surplus
Legal capital surplus
Other capital surplus Retained earnings
Other retained earnings
Reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax Deferred hedge gains (losses)
Reserve for land revaluation
Total of valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
(Unit: million yen)
As of March 31,
2018
30,953,878 148,009 30,407,218 398,650 613 476,277 1,054,754 272,984 283,000 65,670 59,595 46,898 648 56,752 52,556 9 73,820 134,813 4,091 2,665 1,246 392,948
1,384
900 181,453 203,767 76,438 108,514 33,450,931
60,000 470,000 60,000 410,000 166,041 166,041 1,746 164,295 696,041 2,213,897 (9,256) (12,423) 2,192,217 2,888,259 36,339,190
(Unit: million US dollars)
2018
291,358 1,393 286,212 3,752 5 4,483 9,928 2,569 2,663 618 560 441 6 534 494 0 694 1,268 38 25 11 3,698
13
8 1,707 1,917 719 1,021 314,861
564 4,423 564 3,859 1,562 1,562 16 1,546 6,551 20,838 (87) (116) 20,634 27,186 342,048
                                       AnnualReport2018 150

 Statement of Earnings of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
(Unit: million (Unit: million yen) US dollars)
  Year ended March 31,
Ordinary revenues 3,791,933 Premium and other income 2,321,998 Premium income 2,321,134 Reinsurance income 864 Investment income 1,151,279 Interest and dividends 836,004 Interest from bank deposits 6,532 Interest and dividends from securities 695,803 Interest from loans 52,045 Rental income 71,352 Other interest and dividends 10,269 Gains on money held in trust 9,222 Gains on sale of securities 229,603 Gains on redemption of securities 21,669 Reversal of reserve for possible loan losses 259 Other investment income 1,341 Gains on investments in separate accounts 53,178 Other ordinary revenues 318,655 Fund receipt for annuity rider of group insurance 524 Fund receipt for claim deposit payment 207,277 Reversal of reserves for outstanding claims 81,689 Other ordinary revenues 29,163 Ordinary expenses 3,433,070 Benefits and claims 2,265,295 Claims 712,110 Annuities 497,368 Benefits 360,384 Surrender values 545,177 Other refunds 148,592 Ceding reinsurance commissions 1,661 Provision for policy reserves and others 166,356 Provision for policy reserves 158,048 Provision for interest on policyholder dividends 8,308 Investment expenses 290,370 Interest expenses 14,041 Losses on sale of securities 111,285 Losses on valuation of securities 825 Losses on redemption of securities 4,321 Derivative transaction losses 32,771 Foreign exchange losses 75,078 Provision for reserve for possible investment losses 205 Write-down of loans 43 Depreciation of real estate for rent and others 13,270 Other investment expenses 38,527 Operating expenses 408,621 Other ordinary expenses 302,427 Claim deposit payments 219,685 National and local taxes 28,229 Depreciation 29,371 Provision for reserve for employees' retirement benefits 11,820 Other ordinary expenses 13,320 Ordinary profit 358,863
2018
35,692 21,856 21,848
8 10,836 7,869 61 6,549 489 671 96 86 2,161 203 2 12 500 2,999 4 1,951 768 274 32,314 21,322 6,702 4,681 3,392 5,131 1,398 15 1,565 1,487 78 2,733 132 1,047 7 40 308 706 1 0 124 362 3,846 2,846 2,067 265 276 111 125 3,377-
   2018
                         151 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Statement of Earnings of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited (Continued)
(Unit: million (Unit: million yen) US dollars)
     2018
Year ended March 31,
514
514 30,111 1,263 11,589 17,000 257 95,000 234,266 86,344 (21,983) 64,360 169,905
2018
     Extraordinary gains
Gains on disposal of fixed assets
Extraordinary losses
Losses on disposal of fixed assets Impairment losses on fixed assets Provision for reserve for price fluctuations Other extraordinary losses
Provision for reserve for policyholder dividends Income before income taxes
Corporate income taxes-current
Corporate income taxes-deferred
Total of corporate income taxes Net income
4
4 283 11 109 160 2 894 2,205 812 (206) 605 1,599
                          AnnualReport2018 152

 Statement of Cash Flows of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Income before income taxes
Depreciation of real estate for rent and others
Depreciation 29,371 Impairment losses on fixed assets 11,589 Increase (decrease) in reserves for outstanding claims (81,689) Increase (decrease) in policy reserves 158,048 Provision for interest on policyholder dividends 8,308 Provision for (reversal of) reserve for policyholder dividends 95,000 Increase (decrease) in reserve for possible loan losses (477) Increase (decrease) in reserve for possible investment losses (8) Write-down of loans 43 Increase (decrease) in reserve for employees' retirement benefits 12,078 Increase (decrease) in reserve for retirement benefits of directors,
executive officers and corporate auditors (114) Increase (decrease) in reserve for possible reimbursement of
prescribed claims 100 Increase (decrease) in reserve for price fluctuations 17,000 Interest and dividends (836,004) Securities related losses (gains) (188,019) Interest expenses 14,041 Foreign exchange losses (gains) 75,078 Losses (gains) on disposal of fixed assets 567 Decrease (increase) in reinsurance receivable (267) Decrease (increase) in other assets unrelated to investing and
financing activities (20,334) Increase (decrease) in reinsurance payable (127) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities unrelated to investing and
financing activities 131,065 Increase (decrease) in accounts payable relating to introduction
of defined-contribution pension plan (223) Others, net 67,228 Subtotal (260,208) Interest and dividends received 871,106 Interest paid (17,680) Policyholder dividends paid (90,542) Others, net (347,031) Corporate income taxes paid (38,852) Net cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities 116,791
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of monetary claims bought (29,134) Proceeds from sale and redemption of monetary claims bought 30,648 Purchases of money held in trust (200) Proceeds from decrease in money held in trust 200 Purchases of securities (7,243,587) Proceeds from sale and redemption of securities 7,222,607 Origination of loans (553,100) Proceeds from collection of loans 646,919 Others, net 5,112 Total of net cash provided by (used in) investment transactions 79,465 Total of net cash provided by (used in) operating activities and
investment transactions 196,256 Acquisition of tangible fixed assets (33,679) Proceeds from sale of tangible fixed assets 2,151 Acquisition of intangible fixed assets (29,920) Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities 18,015
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Repayment of financial lease obligations (2,096) Cash dividends paid (29,972) Others, net (103) Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities (32,171)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (959) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 101,676 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 536,954 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 638,630
(Unit: million (Unit: million yen) US dollars)
  Year ended March 31,
   2018
2018
     234,266 13,270
2,205 124 276 109 (768) 1,487 78 894 (4) (0) 0 113
(1)
0 160 (7,869) (1,769) 132 706 5 (2)
(191) (1)
1,233
(2) 632 (2,449) 8,199 (166) (852) (3,266) (365) 1,099
(274) 288 (1) 1 (68,181) 67,983 (5,206) 6,089 48 747
1,847 (317) 20 (281) 169
(19) (282) (0) (302) (9) 957 5,054 6,011
                                                              153 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Statement of Changes in Net Assets of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Year ended March 31, 2018
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income
Transfer to reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends Net income
Transfer to reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income
Transfer to reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Shareholders' equity
(Unit: million yen)
Total capital surplus
470,000
- 470,000
(Unit: million yen)
Total shareholders' equity
561,230
(29,972) 169,905
- (5,121)
134,811 696,041
Total of valuation and translation adjustments
1,920,398
271,818
271,818 2,192,217
    Capital stock
60,000
- 60,000
Legal capital surplus
60,000
- 60,000
Capital surplus
Other capital surplus
410,000
- 410,000
                                              Shareholders' equity
    Retained earnings Other retained earnings
       Reserve for tax basis adjustments
real estate 1,257
488
488 1,746
of
Retained earnings brought forward
29,972
(29,972) 169,905
(488) (5,121)
134,322 164,295
Total retained earnings
31,230
(29,972) 169,905
- (5,121)
134,811 166,041
                                             Valuation and translation adjustments
(Unit: million yen)
Total net assets
2,481,628
(29,972) 169,905 - (5,121) 271,818 406,630 2,888,259
     Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax
1,963,267
250,629
250,629 2,213,897
Deferred hedge gains (losses)
(25,327)
16,071 16,071 (9,256)
Reserve for land revaluation
(17,541)
5,117
5,117 (12,423)
                                              AnnualReport2018 154

 Statement of Changes in Net Assets of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited (Continued)
Year ended March 31, 2018
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income
Transfer to reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income
Transfer to reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income
Transfer to reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Shareholders' equity
(Unit: million US dollars)
Total capital surplus
4,423
- 4,423
(Unit: million US dollars)
Total shareholders' equity
5,282
(282) 1,599 - (48)
1,268 6,551
Total of valuation and translation adjustments
18,076
2,558
2,558 20,634
    Capital stock
Legal capital surplus
564
- 564
Capital surplus
Other capital surplus
3,859
- 3,859
             564
- 564
                                 Shareholders' equity
    Retained earnings Other retained earnings
       Reserve for tax basis adjustments
real estate 11
4
4 16
of
Retained earnings brought forward
282
(282) 1,599 (4) (48)
1,264 1,546
Total retained earnings
293
(282) 1,599 - (48)
1,268 1,562
                                             Valuation and translation adjustments
(Unit: million US dollars)
Total net assets
23,358
(282) 1,599 - (48) 2,558 3,827 27,186
     Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax
18,479
2,359
2,359 20,838
Deferred hedge gains (losses)
(238)
151 151 (87)
Reserve for land revaluation
(165)
48
48 (116)
                                              155 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2018
I. BASIS FOR PRESENTATION
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared from the accounts maintained by The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited ("DL"). Certain items presented in the financial statements are reclassified for the convenience of readers outside Japan.
The amounts indicated in millions of yen are rounded down by truncating the figures below one million. Totals may not add up exactly because of such truncation. Amounts in U.S. dollars are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan. The rate of ¥106.24=US$1.00, the foreign exchange rate on March 31, 2018, has been used for translation of the truncated figures in Japanese yen. The inclusion of such amounts is not intended to imply that Japanese yen has been or could be readily converted, realized or settled into U.S. dollars at that rate or any other rate.
II. NOTES TO THE BALANCE SHEET AS OF MARCH 31, 2018
1. Valuation Methods of Securities
Securities held by DL including cash and deposits and monetary claims bought which are equivalent to marketable securities, and marketable securities managed as trust assets in money held in trust, are carried as explained below:
The amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts is calculated by the straight-line method.
(1) Trading Securities
Trading securities are carried at fair value with cost determined by the moving average method.
(2) Held-to-maturity Bonds
Held-to-maturity bonds are stated at amortized cost determined by the moving average method.
(3) Policy-reserve-matching Bonds (in accordance with the Industry Audit Committee Report No. 21 “Temporary Treatment of Accounting and Auditing Concerning Policy-reserve-matching Bonds in the Insurance Industry” issued by the Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants (JICPA))
Policy-reserve-matching bonds are stated at amortized cost determined by the moving average method.
(4) Stocks of Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
Stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated companies are stated at cost determined by the moving average method.
(5) Available-for-sale Securities
a) Available-for-sale Securities with Fair Value
Available-for-sale securities which have market value are valued at fair value at the end of the fiscal year (for domestic stocks, the average value during March), with cost determined by the moving average method.
b) Available-for-sale Securities Whose Fair Values Are Extremely Difficult to Recognize
i) Government/Corporate Bonds (including foreign bonds), Whose Premium or Discount Represents the Interest
Adjustment
Government/corporate bonds (including foreign bonds), whose premium or discount represents the interest adjustment are valued at the amortized cost determined by the moving average method.
ii) Others
All other securities are valued at cost determined by the moving average method.
Net unrealized gains or losses on these available-for-sale securities are presented as a separate component of net assets and not in the statement of earnings.
 AnnualReport2018 156

 2. Risk Management Policy of Policy-reserve-matching Bonds
DL categorizes its insurance products into sub-groups by the attributes of each product and, in order to manage risks properly, formulates its policy on investments and resource allocation based on the balance of the sub-groups. Moreover, it periodically checks that the duration gap between policy-reserve-matching bonds and policy reserves stays within a certain range.
The sub-groups of insurance products are:
a) individual life insurance and annuities,
b) non-participating single premium whole life insurance (without duty of medical disclosure), c) financial insurance and annuities, and
d) group annuities
with the exception of certain types.
3. Valuation Method of Derivative Transactions
Derivative transactions are reported at fair value.
4. Revaluation of Land
Based on the "Act on Revaluation of Land" (Act No.34, March 31, 1998), land for business use was revalued. The difference between the fair value and book value resulting from the revaluation, net of related deferred taxes, is recorded as a reserve for land revaluation as a separate component of net assets and the related deferred tax liability is recorded as deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation.
(1) Date of revaluation: March 31, 2001
(2) Method stipulated in Article 3, Paragraph 3 of the Act on Revaluation of Land;
The fair value was determined based on the appraisal value publicly announced for tax assessment purposes with certain reasonable adjustments in accordance with Articles 2-1 and 2-4 of the Order for Enforcement of the Act on Revaluation of Land (Publicly Issue Cabinet Order No.119, March 31, 1998).
5. Depreciation of Depreciable Assets
(1) Depreciation of Tangible Fixed Assets Excluding Leased Assets
Depreciation of tangible fixed assets excluding leased assets is calculated by the declining balance method (the
depreciation of buildings (other than facilities attached to buildings and structures that were acquired on or before March 31, 2016) is calculated by the straight-line method).
Estimated useful lives of major assets are as follows: Buildings two to sixty years Other tangible fixed assets two to twenty years
Tangible fixed assets other than land, buildings and leased assets that were acquired for ¥100,000 or more but less than ¥200,000 are depreciated at equal amounts over three years.
With respect to tangible fixed assets that were acquired on or before March 31, 2007 and that were fully depreciated to their original depreciable limit, effective the fiscal year ended March 31, 2008, the remaining values are depreciated at equal amounts over five years from the following fiscal year of the year in which they reached the original depreciable limit.
(2) Amortization of Intangible Fixed Assets Excluding Leased Assets
DL uses the straight-line method for amortization of intangible fixed assets excluding leased assets. Software for internal
use is amortized by the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of five years.
(3) Depreciation of Leased Assets
Depreciation for leased assets with regard to finance leases whose ownership does not transfer to the lessees is
computed under the straight-line method assuming zero salvage value and using the lease period as the useful life.
(4) Accumulated Depreciation of Tangible Fixed Assets
The amount of accumulated depreciation of tangible fixed assets as of March 31, 2018 was ¥621,852 million (US$5,853
million).
     157 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 6. Translation of Assets and Liabilities Denominated in Foreign Currencies into Yen
DL translates foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities (excluding stocks of its subsidiaries and affiliated companies) into yen at the prevailing exchange rates at the end of the year. Stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated companies are translated into yen at the exchange rates on the dates of acquisition.
7. Reserve for Possible Loan Losses
The reserve for possible loan losses is calculated based on the internal rules for self-assessment, write-offs, and reserves on assets.
For loans to and claims on obligors that have already experienced bankruptcy, reorganization, or other formal legal failure (hereinafter, “bankrupt obligors”) and loans to and claims on obligors that have suffered substantial business failure (hereinafter, “substantially bankrupt obligors”), the reserve is calculated by deducting the estimated recoverable amount of the collateral or guarantees from the book value of the loans and claims after the direct write-off described below.
For loans to and claims on obligors that have not yet suffered business failure but are considered highly likely to fail, the reserve is calculated taking into account a) the recoverable amount covered by the collateral or guarantees and b) an overall assessment of the obligor’s ability to repay.
For other loans and claims, the reserve is calculated by multiplying the actual rate or other appropriate rate of losses from bad debts during a certain period in the past by the amount of the loans and claims.
For all loans and claims, the relevant department in DL performs an asset quality assessment based on the internal rules for self-assessment, and an independent audit department audits the result of the assessment. The above reserves are established based on the result of this assessment.
For loans and claims to bankrupt and substantially bankrupt obligors, the unrecoverable amount is calculated by deducting the amount deemed recoverable from collateral or guarantees from the amount of the loans and claims and is directly written off from the amount of the loans and claims. The amount written off during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 was ¥6 million (US$ 0 million).
8. Reserve for Employees' Retirement Benefits
For the reserve for employees’ retirement benefits, the amount is provided based on the projected benefit obligations and pension assets as of March 31, 2018.
Accounting treatment of retirement benefit obligations and retirement benefit expenses are as follows.
(1) Allocation of Estimated Retirement Benefits
In calculating the projected benefit obligations, the benefit formula basis is adopted to allocate estimated retirement benefit for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
(2) Amortization of Actuarial Differences
Actuarial differences are amortized under the straight-line method over a certain period (seven years) within the employees’ average remaining service period, starting from the following year.
9. Reserve for Possible Investment Losses
In order to provide for future investment losses, a reserve for possible investment losses of DL is established for securities whose fair values are extremely difficult to recognize. It is calculated based on the internal rules for self-assessment, write-offs, and reserves on assets.
10. Reserve for Retirement Benefits of Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Auditors
For the reserve for retirement benefits of directors, executive officers and corporate auditors, an estimated amount for future payment pursuant to the internal policies is provided.
11. Reserve for Possible Reimbursement of Prescribed Claims
To prepare for the reimbursement of claims for which prescription periods had expired, an estimated amount for reserve for possible reimbursement of prescribed claims based on past reimbursement experience is provided.
12. Reserve for Price Fluctuations
A reserve for price fluctuations is calculated based on the book value of stocks and other securities at the end of the year in accordance with the provisions of Article 115 of the Insurance Business Act.
       AnnualReport2018 158

 13. Hedge Accounting
(1) Methods for Hedge Accounting
Hedging transactions are accounted for in accordance with the “Accounting Standards for Financial
Instruments” (Accounting Standards Board of Japan (ASBJ) Statement No. 10). Primarily, i) special hedge accounting and the deferral hedge method for interest rate swaps are used for cash flow hedges of certain loans, government and corporate bonds, loans payable and bonds payable; ii) the currency allotment method and the deferral hedge method using foreign currency swaps and foreign currency forward contracts are used for cash flow hedges against exchange rate fluctuations in certain foreign currency-denominated bonds, loans, loans payable and bonds payable and certain foreign currency- denominated term deposits and stocks (forecasted transaction); iii) the fair value hedge method using currency options and foreign currency forward contracts is used for hedges against exchange rate fluctuations in the value of certain foreign currency-denominated bonds; iv) the deferral hedge method for bond over-the-counter options is used for hedges against interest rate fluctuations in certain foreign currency-denominated bonds; v) the deferral hedge method and fair value hedge method using equity options and equity forward contracts are used for hedges against price fluctuations in the value of certain domestic stocks and foreign currency-denominated stocks (forecasted transaction), and vi) the deferral hedge method using interest rate swaps is used for hedges against interest rate fluctuations in certain insurance liabilities, under the “Accounting and Auditing Treatment of Application of Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments to Insurance Operators” (Industry Audit Committee Report No. 26 issued by the JICPA).
(2) Hedging Instruments and Hedged Items
 Hedging instruments Interest rate swaps
Foreign currency swaps
Foreign currency forward contracts
Currency options
Bond over-the-counter options Equity options
Equity forward contracts
Hedged items
Loans, government and corporate bonds, loans payable, bonds payable, insurance
liabilities
Foreign currency-denominated bonds, foreign currency-denominated loans, foreign currency-denominated loans payable, foreign currency-denominated bonds payable Foreign currency-denominated bonds, foreign currency-denominated term deposits, foreign currency-denominated stocks (forecasted transaction)
Foreign currency-denominated bonds
Foreign currency-denominated bonds
Domestic stocks, foreign currency-denominated stocks (forecasted transaction) Domestic stocks
      (3) Hedging Policies
DL conducts hedging transactions with regard to certain market risk and foreign currency risk of underlying assets to be
hedged, in accordance with the internal investment policy and procedure guidelines.
(4) Assessment of Hedge Effectiveness
Hedge effectiveness is assessed primarily by a comparison of fluctuations in cash flows or fair value of hedged items to
those of the hedging instruments.
14. Calculation of National and Local Consumption Tax
DL accounts for national and local consumption tax by the tax-exclusion method. Deferred consumption tax included in non- recoverable consumption tax on certain assets is capitalized as a prepaid expense and amortized equally over five years in accordance with the Order for Enforcement of the Corporation Tax Act, and such taxes other than deferred consumption tax are recognized as an expense when incurred.
15. Policy Reserve
Policy reserves of DL are established in accordance with Article 116 of the Insurance Business Act. Insurance premium reserves are calculated as stated in (1) and (2) below. Policy reserves include additional policy reserves for some whole life insurance policies in accordance with Article 69, Paragraph 5 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act.
(1) Reserves for policies subject to the standard policy reserve rules are calculated based on the methods stipulated by the Commissioner of Financial Services Agency (Notification of the Minister of Finance No.48, 1996).
(2) Reserves for other policies are established based on the net level premium method.
16. Policy Acquisition Costs
The costs of acquiring and renewing business, which include agent commissions and certain other costs directly related to the acquisition of business, are expensed when incurred as the Insurance Business Act in Japan does not permit insurance companies to defer and amortize these costs.
   159 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 17. Financial Instruments and Others
(1) Financial Instruments
a) Policies in Utilizing Financial Instruments
In an effort to manage investment assets in a manner appropriate to liabilities, which arise from the insurance policies underwritten, DL engages in asset liability management, or ALM, which considers the long-term balance between assets and liabilities to ensure stable returns. With this strategy, DL holds fixed income investments, including bonds and loans, as the core of its asset portfolio. While placing its financial soundness first, DL also holds stocks and foreign securities within its tolerable risk to enhance its profitability and facilitate diversification of investment risks.
DL uses derivatives primarily to hedge market risks associated with its existing asset portfolio and supplement its investment objectives, taking into account the exposure of underlying assets.
With respect to financing, DL has raised capital directly from the capital markets by issuing subordinated bonds as well as indirectly from banks in order to strengthen its capital base. To avoid impact from interest rate fluctuations, DL utilizes derivative transactions in hedging some of such financial liabilities and adopts hedge accounting.
b) Financial Instruments Used and Their Risks
Securities included in financial assets of DL, mainly stocks and bonds, are categorized by its investment objectives
such as held-to-maturity securities, policy-reserve-matching securities and available-for-sale securities. Those securities are exposed to market fluctuation risk, credit risk and interest rate risk and some of the securities denominated in foreign currency are exposed to foreign currency risk. Also, loans are exposed to credit risk arising from the defaults of obligors. DL might be exposed to liquidity risk in certain circumstances in which it cannot make timely payments of principal, interest or other amounts due to unpredictable cash outflows or is forced to raise capital with interest rates substantially higher than usual. Also, some of its loans payable and bonds payable which are floating interest rate based and denominated in foreign currency are exposed to interest rate risk and foreign currency risk.
DL utilizes i) interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate risk associated with certain of its loans receivable and payable, ii) equity forward contracts to hedge market fluctuation risks associated with domestic stocks, and iii) foreign currency forward contracts, currency options and foreign currency swaps to hedge foreign currency risks associated with certain foreign currency-denominated bonds, foreign currency-denominated short-term deposits and foreign currency- denominated debts, etc. and adopt hedge accounting.
In addition, DL utilizes iv)interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate risk associated with certain insurance liabilities, under the “Accounting and Auditing Treatment of Application of Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments to Insurance Operators” (JICPA Industry Audit Committee Report No. 26).
In applying the hedge accounting, in order to fulfill requirements stipulated in the “Accounting standards for financial instruments” (ASBJ Statement No. 10), DL has established investment policy and procedure guidelines and clarified the transactions to be hedged, the risk of underlying assets to be hedged and derivative instruments to be used, and conducted pre- and post-effectiveness tests of the transactions.
c) Risk Management
The risk management system of DL is as follows: i) Market Risk Management
Under the internal investment policy and market risk management policy, DL manages market risk by conducting mid- to long-term asset allocation in a manner appropriate to its liabilities. Therefore, it categorizes its portfolio into sub-groups, based on their investment purpose, and manages them taking into account each of their risk characteristics.
(a) Interest rate risk
DL keeps track of interest rates and durations of its assets and liabilities, monitors its internal analyses on
duration gap and interest rate sensitivity, and periodically reports its findings to the board of directors, etc.
(b) Currency risk
DL keeps track of currency composition of its financial assets and liabilities, conducts sensitivity analyses, and
periodically reports its findings to the board of directors, etc.
(c) Fluctuation in market values
DL defines risk management policies and management procedures for each component of its overall portfolio,
including securities and specific risk management procedures, based on the risk characteristics of the categories, and set and manages upper limits of each asset balance and asset allocation weight.
Such management conditions are periodically reported by its risk management sections to the board of directors, etc.
 AnnualReport2018 160

 (d) Derivative transactions
For derivative transactions, DL has established internal check system by segregating i) executing department, ii)
the department which engages in assessment of hedge effectiveness, and iii) the back-office. Additionally, in order to limit speculative use of derivatives, DL has put restrictions on utilization purpose, such as hedging, and establishes position limits for each asset class.
ii) Credit Risk Management
In accordance with the internal investment policy and credit risk management procedure guidelines, DL has
established a credit management system related to loans, such as preliminary reviews on individual transactions, credit limit setting, credit information management, internal credit rating, attachment of guarantees and collateral, and follow-ups on problem loans. For corporate bond investment, the credit section sets investment caps on individual issuers taking into account internal credit ratings and other factors. Excessive risk-taking is restricted since front offices make investment within those caps. Policies and framework for large-lot borrowers have been formulated in order to prevent credit concentration by monitoring compliance, etc. That credit management has been conducted by the credit and risk management sections, and has been periodically reported to the board of directors, etc. Additionally, the internal audit section has also checked credit management status.
Credit risk of security issuers and counterparty risk with respect to derivative transactions are managed by the credit section, which sets upper limits for each counterparty and financial instrument and periodically monitors credit information, and by the risk management section, which periodically calculates current exposures.
d) Supplementary Explanation for Fair Value of Financial Instruments
As well as the values based on market prices, fair value of financial instruments includes values which are reasonably
calculated in case market prices do not exist. As the calculation of those values adopts certain assumptions, those values may vary in case different assumptions are applied.
(2) Fair Values of Financial Instruments
The carrying amount on the balance sheet, fair value and differences between carrying amount and fair value as of
March 31, 2018 were as follows. The following tables do not include financial instruments whose fair value is extremely difficult to recognize. (Please refer to (Note 2))
As of March 31, 2018
(1) Cash and deposits
(2) Call loans
(3) Monetary claims bought
(4) Money held in trust
(5) Securities
a. Trading securities
b. Held-to-maturity bonds
c. Policy-reserve-matching bonds
d. Stocks of subsidiaries and affiliate companies e. Available-for-sale securities
Carrying amount
474,030 164,600 191,108
59,348
Fair value
(Unit: million yen) 474,030
164,600 191,108 59,348
864,517 50,160 14,752,205 - 17,492,065
2,683,428 36,731,465
480,919 287,757 768,676
7,418 166,008 173,426
Gains (Losses)
- 3,844 2,751,908 - -
121,660 2,877,413
4,642 4,757 9,399
- (2,351) (2,351)
Carrying amount
4,461 1,549 1,798
558
8,137 435 112,954 - 164,646 24,118 (5) 24,113 318,656
4,483 2,663 7,146
69 1,584 1,654
Fair value
Gains (Losses)
        864,517 46,316 12,000,296 - 17,492,065 (6) Loans 2,562,316 Reserve for possible loan losses (*1) (549) 2,561,767
- - - -
(Unit: million US dollars)
4,461 -
1,549 - 1,798 - 558 -
8,137 - 472 36 138,857 25,902 - - 164,646 -
25,258 1,145 345,740 27,084
4,526 43 2,708 44 7,235 88
69 - 1,562 (22) 1,632 (22)
             Total assets 33,854,051
(1) Bonds payable 476,277 (2) Long-term borrowings 283,000
Total liabilities 759,277
Derivative transactions (* 2)
a. Hedge accounting not applied 7,418 b. Hedge accounting applied 168,360
Total derivative transactions 175,778
                                                                                         (*1) Excluding general reserves for possible loan losses and specific reserves for possible loan losses related to loans. (*2) Credits/debts from derivative transactions are presented on a net basis. Figures in [ ] are net debts.
161 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 (Note 1) Notes to Methods for Calculating Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Securities and Derivative Transactions ● Assets
(a) Cash and deposits
Since deposits are close to maturity or have no maturity and their fair value is close to the carrying amounts, fair value is
based on the carrying amount.
(b) Call loans
Since all call loans are close to the due date and their fair value is close to their carrying amounts, fair value of call loans
is based on their carrying amount.
(c) Monetary claims bought
The fair value of monetary claims bought is based on the reasonably calculated price.
(d) Money held in trust
The fair value of stocks is based on the price on stock exchanges and that of bonds is based on the price on bond
markets or price presented by counterparty financial institutions. The fair value of mutual funds is based on unit price.
(e) Securities
The fair value of stocks is based on the price on stock exchanges and that of bonds is based on the price on bond
markets or price presented by counterparty financial institutions. The fair value of mutual funds is based on unit price. As for ownership stakes in partnerships, the amount equivalent to partnership interest in fair value of the partnership assets is recorded as fair value of the stake in the partnership.
(f) Loans
The fair value of loans is calculated by discounting future cash flows of the subject loan, using interest rates
corresponding to the internal credit rating and remaining period which are assumed to be applied to new loans to the subject borrower.
Additionally, for risk-monitored loans, reserve for possible loan losses is calculated based on the present value of estimated future cash flows or the amount deemed recoverable from collateral and guarantees and the fair value is close to the carrying amount on the balance sheet minus reserve for possible loan losses at the end of the fiscal year. Therefore, that amount (the carrying amount on the balance sheet minus reserve for possible loan losses) is recorded as fair value of risk-monitored loans.
Also, loans without a due date because of their characteristics that their exposure is limited to the amount of their collaterals are deemed to have fair value close to book value, taking into account estimated repayment period and interest rates. Therefore, their book value is recorded as the fair value.
● Liabilities
(a) Bonds payable
The fair value of bonds is based on the price on the bond market.
(b) Long-term borrowings
The fair value of long-term borrowings is calculated by discounting future cash flows, using interest rates corresponding
to internal credit rating and remaining periods which are assumed to be applied to new borrowings.
● Derivative Transactions
The breakdown of derivative transactions is a) currency-related transactions; b) interest-related transactions; c) stock-related
transactions; and d) bond-related transactions,etc. The fair value of the instruments is based on the prices on derivatives markets and the prices quoted from financial institutions, etc.
(Note 2) Financial instruments whose fair value is extremely difficult to recognize were as follows and are not included in the fair value of e) Securities in (Note 1)
 As of March 31, 2018
1. Unlisted domestic stocks (*1)(*2) 2. Unlisted foreign stocks (*1)(*2) 3. Other foreign securities (*1)(*2) 4. Other securities (*1)(*2)
Total
Carrying amount
    (Unit: million yen) 42,506
23,641 396,500 95,350
557,998
(Unit: million US dollars) 400
222 3,732 897 5,252
              (*1) These securities cannot be assigned a market value because of the unavailability of tradable markets, and they are excluded from the disclosure of fair value.
(*2) DL recorded impairment charges of ¥375 million (US$3 million) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
AnnualReport2018 162

 18. Real Estate for Rent
DL owns a number of commercial buildings, including land, for rent in various locations, including Tokyo. Net rental income from such real estate for rent for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 was ¥32,603 million (US$306 million). The rental income was included in investment income and the rental expense was included in investment expenses. DL recorded impairment loss of ¥11,505 million (US$108 million) on rental real estate as extraordinary losses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
The carrying amount, net change during the year and the fair value of such rental real estate were as follows:
 Carrying amount Beginning balance
Net change for the year
Ending balance
Fair value
(Unit: million yen)
795,164 9,438
804,603
958,825
(Unit: million US dollars)
7,484 88 7,573 9,025
                (*1) The carrying amount of rental real estate on the balance sheet was acquisition costs net of accumulated depreciation and impairments.
(*2) Net change in the carrying amount included cost of acquisition of the real estate of ¥23,038 million (US$216 million), depreciation expense of ¥13,262 million (US$124 million), impairment loss of ¥11,505 million (US$108 million) and sale of the real estate of ¥1,931 million (US$18 million).
(*3) DL calculates the fair value of the majority of the rental real estate based on real estate appraisal standards and assessment by an independent appraiser, and others based on internal but reasonable estimates.
19. Securities Lending
Securities lent under lending agreements are included in the balance sheet. The total balance of securities lent as of March 31, 2018 was ¥1,578,947 million (US$14,862 million).
20. Problem Loans
As of March 31, 2018, the total amounts of credits to bankrupt borrowers, delinquent loans, loans past due for three months or more, and restructured loans were as follows:
  Credits to bankrupt borrowers (*1) Delinquent loans (*2)
Loans past due for three months or more (*3) Restructured loans (*4)
115 2,537 - 4
1 23 - 0 25
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
     Total 2,657
         (*1) Credits to bankrupt borrowers represent non-accrual loans, excluding the balances already written off, which meet the conditions prescribed in Article 96, Paragraph 1, Item 3, (a) to (e) or Item 4 of the Order for Enforcement of the Corporation Tax Act (Cabinet Order 97, 1965). Interest accruals of such loans are suspended since the principal of or interest on such loans is unlikely to be collected.
(*2) Delinquent loans are credits that are delinquent other than credits to bankrupt borrowers and loans for which interest payments have been suspended to assist and support the borrowers in the restructuring of their businesses.
(*3) Loans past due for three months or more are loans for which interest or principal payments are delinquent for three months or more under the terms of the loans excluding those classified as credits to bankrupt borrowers or delinquent loans.
(*4) Restructured loans are loans for which certain concessions favorable to borrowers, such as interest reductions or exemptions, postponement of principal or interest payments, release from repayment or other agreements have been negotiated for the purpose of assisting and supporting the borrowers in the restructuring of their businesses. This category excludes loans classified as credits to bankrupt borrowers, delinquent loans, and loans past due for three months or more.
As a result of the direct write-off of loans described in Note 7, the decreases in credits to bankrupt borrowers and delinquent loans were as follows:
Credits to bankrupt borrowers Delinquent loans
3 3
0 0
163 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars)
 21. Assets and Liabilities Held in Separate Accounts
The total amount of assets held in separate accounts defined in Article 118, Paragraph 1 of the Insurance Business Act as of March 31, 2018, was ¥1,185,829 million (US$11,161 million). Separate account liabilities were the same amount as the separate account assets.
22. Receivables from and Payables to Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
The total amounts of receivables from and payables to subsidiaries and affiliated companies as of March 31, 2018, were ¥31,602 million (US$297 million) and ¥5,164 million (US$48 million), respectively.
  23. Deferred Tax Accounting
(1) Major components of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of March 31, 2018 (Unit: million yen)
Deferred tax assets:
Policy reserves and others 461,670 Reserve for employees' retirement benefits 133,757 Reserve for price fluctuations 50,661 Impairment losses 11,857 Losses on valuation of securities 5,539 Others 24,807 Subtotal 688,293 Valuation allowances (12,318)
Total 675,975
Deferred tax liabilities:
Net unrealized gains on securities, net of tax (847,380) Reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate (9,683) Accrued dividend receivables (8,665) Others (14,012)
Total (879,742) Net deferred tax liabilities (203,767)
(2) The principal reasons for the difference between the statutory tax rate and actual effective tax deferred taxes as of March 31, 2018
                               Statutory tax rate
(Adjustments)
Decrease in valuation allowances
Others
Actual effective tax rate after considering deferred taxes
24. Contingent Liabilities
Guarantee for debt obligations of a separate company were as follows:
(Unit: million yen)
Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. 450,000
(Unit: million US dollars)
4,345 1,259 476 111 52 233 6,478 (115) 6,362
(7,976) (91) (81) (131) (8,280)
(1,917) rate after considering
(Unit: million US dollars) 4,235
28.16%
(0.64%) (0.05%)
27.47%
    AnnualReport2018 164

 25. Changes in Reserve for Policyholder Dividends
Changes in reserve for policyholder dividends were as follows:
(Unit: million yen)
(Unit: million US dollars) 3,632
852 78 894 3,752
 Balance at the beginning of the fiscal year Dividends paid during the fiscal year
Interest accrual during the fiscal year Provision for reserve for policyholder dividends
Balance at the end of the fiscal year
26. Stocks of Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
385,884 90,542 8,308 95,000
398,650
               The amount of stocks of subsidiaries and affiliated companies of DL held as of March 31, 2018 was ¥74,923 million (US$705 million).
27. Organization Change Surplus
As of March 31, 2018, the amount of organizational change surplus stipulated in Article 91 of the Insurance Business Act was ¥117,776 million (US$1,108 million).
 28. Assets Pledged as Collateral / Secured Liabilities
The amounts of securities, cash and deposits pledged as collateral were as follows:
(Unit: million yen) Securities 265,609
(Unit: million US dollars) 2,500
0 2,500
(Unit: million US dollars) 2,569
 Cash and deposits
Securities and cash and deposits pledged as collateral
The amount of secured liabilities were as follows:
Cash collateral for securities lending transactions
86
265,696
(Unit: million yen) 272,984
              "Securities" pledged as collateral for securities lending transactions with cash collateral as of March 31, 2018 was ¥226,296 million (US$2,130 million).
29. Reinsurance
The amount of reserves for outstanding claims for reinsured parts defined in Article 71, Paragraph 1 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act, which is referred to in Article 73, Paragraph 3 of the Ordinance (hereinafter “reserves for outstanding claims reinsured”), was ¥2 million (US$ 0 million). The amount of policy reserves provided for reinsured parts defined in Article 71, Paragraph 1 of the Ordinance (hereinafter “policy reserves reinsured”) was ¥0 million (US$ 0 million).
30. Net Assets per Share
The amount of net assets per share of DL as of March 31, 2018 was ¥481,376,520.53 (US$4,531,028.99).
 165 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 31. Employees' Retirement Benefits
(1) Overview of Employees' Retirement Benefit Plan
As a defined benefit plan for its sales representatives, DL has established and maintained a benefit plan consisting of
retirement lump sum grants and company administered pension.
For its administrative personnel, DL has established and maintained a benefit plan consisting of defined benefit corporate
pension and retirement lump sum grants as a defined benefit plan and defined contribution pension as a defined contribution plan.
 (2) Defined Benefit Plans
a) Reconciliations of beginning and ending balances of projected benefit obligations
(Unit: million yen) 693,819
27,862 2,078 3,073
e. Payment of retirement benefits
f. Others (1,109)
(Unit: million US dollars) 6,530
262 19 28 (307) (10)
6,523
(Unit: million US dollars) 2,685
3 168 67 (190) 2,734
a. Beginning balance of the projected benefit obligations
b. Service cost
c. Interest cost
d. Accruals of actuarial (gains) and losses
g. Ending balance of the projected benefit obligation (a + b + c + d + e + f)
693,065
(32,659)
              b) Reconciliations of beginning and ending balances of pension assets
(Unit: million yen)
a. Beginning balance of pension assets
b. Estimated return on assets
c. Accruals of actuarial (gains) and losses
d. Contribution from the employer
e. Payment of retirement benefits
f. Ending balance of pension assets (a + b + c + d + e)
285,308 381 17,928 7,129 (20,215)
290,532
              c) Reconciliations of year-end balance of projected benefit obligations and pension assets, and net defined benefit liabilities and assets that have been recorded in the balance sheet
a. Projected benefit obligation of funded pensions
b. Pension assets
c. Subtotal (a + b)
d. Projected benefit obligation for unfunded pensions
e. Unrecognized actuarial differences
f. Net of assets and liabilities recorded in the balance sheet (c + d + e)
d) Amount of the components of retirement benefit expenses
a. Service cost
b. Interest cost
c. Expected return on assets
d. Amortization of unrecognized actuarial differences
(Unit: million yen) 378,425
(290,532)
87,892 314,639
(9,583) 392,948
(Unit: million yen) 27,862
2,078 (381) 3,001
(Unit: million US dollars) 3,561
(2,734) 827 2,961 (90)
3,698
(Unit: million US dollars) 262
19 (3) 28
2 308
                        e. Others 257
f. Retirement benefit expenses for defined benefit plans (a + b + c + d + e)
32,818
              AnnualReport2018 166

 e) Pension assets
Ratios of the major assets to the total pension assets were as follows:
Stocks 59% Asset under joint management 16% Bonds 9% Life insurance general account 8%
Others Total
8% 100%
The proportion of retirement benefit trust to total pension assets that has been set for the retirement lump sum grants as of March 31, 2018 was 55%.
 f) The method of setting the expected long-term rate of return on pension assets
To determine the expected long-term rate of return on pension assets, DL has taken into account the allocation of pension assets at present and in future, and long-term rate of return on a variety of assets that make up the pension assets at present and in future.
g) Calculation basis of actuarial gains and losses
Major assumptions of basis of actuarial calculation as of March 31, 2018 were as follows:
Discount rate
Expected long-term rate of return
Defined benefit corporate pension Employee pension trust
0.30%
0.30% 0.00%
  (3) Defined Contribution Plans
Required amount of contribution to defined contribution plans for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 was ¥1,556
million (US$14 million).
32. Securities Borrowing
Of securities borrowed under borrowing agreements, the market value of the securities which can be sold or pledged as collateral but were not sold nor pledged as of March 31, 2018 was ¥64,444 million (US$606 million), among which none of the securities were pledged as collateral.
33. Commitment Line
As of March 31, 2018, there were unused commitment line agreements under which DL was the lender of ¥45,592 million (US$429 million).
34. Subordinated Debt
As of March 31, 2018, other liabilities included subordinated debt of ¥283,000 million (US$2,663 million), whose repayment is subordinated to other obligations.
35. Subordinated Bonds
As of March 31, 2018, bonds payable included foreign currency-denominated subordinated bonds of ¥476,277 million (US$4,483 million), whose repayment is subordinated to other obligations.
36. Obligations to the Life Insurance Policyholders Protection Corporation of Japan
The estimated future obligations to the Life Insurance Policyholders Protection Corporation of Japan under Article 259 of the Insurance Business Act as of March 31, 2018 were ¥47,606 million (US$448 million). These obligations will be recognized as operating expenses in the period in which they are paid.
     167 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 III. NOTES TO THE STATEMENT OF EARNINGS FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2018
1. Revenues and Expenses from Transactions with Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
The total amounts of revenues and expenses from transactions with subsidiaries and affiliated companies were ¥5,378 million (US$50 million) and ¥21,048 million (US$198 million), respectively.
2. Gains/Losses on Sale of Securities, Losses on Valuation of Securities
Gains on sale of securities included gains on sale of domestic bonds, domestic stocks, foreign securities and other securities of ¥134,364 million (US$1,264 million), ¥51,614 million (US$485 million), ¥43,579 million (US$410 million) and ¥44 million (US$ 0 million), respectively.
Losses on sale of securities included losses on sales of domestic bonds, domestic stocks, foreign securities and other securities of ¥4,765 million (US$44 million), ¥7,997 million (US$75 million), ¥98,299 million (US$925 million) and ¥222 million (US$2 million), respectively.
Losses on valuation of securities included losses on valuation of domestic stocks and foreign securities of ¥741 million (US$6 million) and ¥83 million (US$ 0 million), respectively.
3. Reinsurance
In calculating the reversal of reserves for outstanding claims, a reversal of reserves for outstanding claims reinsured of ¥3 million (US$ 0 million) was subtracted. In calculating the provision for policy reserves, a provision for reserves for policy reserves reinsured of ¥0 million (US$ 0 million) was subtracted.
4. Gains/Losses on Money Held in Trust
Gains on money held in trust included gains on valuation of securities of ¥1,232 million (US$11 million).
5. Derivative Transaction Gains/Losses
Derivative transaction losses included gains on valuation of ¥11,784 million (US$110 million).
6. Net Income per Share
Net income per share for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 was ¥28,317,569.09 (US$266,543.38). Diluted net income per share for the same period is not presented because there were no existing diluted shares.
7. Impairment Losses on Fixed Assets
Details of impairment losses on fixed assets for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 were as follows:
(1) Method of Grouping Assets
Real estate and other assets used for insurance business purposes are recognized as one asset group. Each property for rent and property not in use, which is not used for insurance business purposes, is deemed to be an independent asset group.
(2) Background for Recognition of Impairment Losses
As a result of significant declines in profitability or market value of some asset groups, DL wrote down the book value of
these assets to the recoverable value, and reported such write-off as impairment losses in extraordinary losses.
(3) Breakdown of Impairment Losses
Impairment losses by asset group for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 were as follows:
      Asset Group
Real estate not use
Place
Chuo City,
Tokyo and others
Impairment Losses
 in
Total 74 34 109
Number
46 7,961 3,627 11,589
 Land
Buildings Total (Unit: million yen)
Land Buildings
(Unit: million US dollars)
  (4) Calculation of Recoverable Value
Value in use or net sale value is used as the recoverable value of real estate for rent, and net sale value is used as the
recoverable value of real estate not in use. A discount rate of 2.34% for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 was applied for discounting future cash flows in the calculation of value in use. Estimated disposal value, appraisal value based on real estate appraisal standards, or appraisal value based on publicly assessed land value for tax purposes is used as the net sale value.
AnnualReport2018 168

 IV. NOTES TO THE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2018
1. Scope of Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows consist of the following items contained in the balance sheet: cash and deposits, call loans, commercial paper included in monetary claims bought, money market funds included in securities, and overdrafts included in long-term debt and other borrowings.
 2. Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents to balance sheet accounts
Details of reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents to balance sheet accounts were as follows: As of March 31,
2018
(Unit: million yen)
Cash and deposits 474,030 Call loans 164,600 Cash and cash equivalents 638,630
2018 (Unit: million US dollars)
4,461 1,549 6,011
                       V. NOTES TO THE STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2018
1. Number of Shares Outstanding
At the beginning of the fiscal year
Common Stock 6,000
2. Dividends on Common Stock
Increase during the fiscal year
Decrease during the fiscal year
At the end
of the fiscal year
- 6,000
                -
      169 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
(1) Dividends paid during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
Date of resolution Type of shares Total dividends Dividends per share Record date Effective date Dividend resource
June 21, 2017 (at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders) Common stock
¥29,972 million (US$282 million)
¥4,995,400 (US$47,019)
March 31, 2017 June 22, 2017 Retained earnings
(2) Dividends, the record date of which was March 31, 2018, to be paid out in the year ending March 31, 2019
Date of resolution Type of shares Total dividends Dividends per share Record date Effective date Dividend resource
Date of resolution Type of shares Total dividends Dividends per share Record date Effective date Dividend resource
June 20, 2018 (at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders) Common stock
¥135,862 million (US$1,278 million)
¥22,643,700 (US$213,137)
March 31, 2018 June 21, 2018 Retained earnings
June 20, 2018 (at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders) Common stock
¥49,999 million (US$470 million)
¥8,333,300 (US$78,438)
March 31, 2018 June 21, 2018 Capital surplus
 Independent Auditor's Report
AnnualReport2018 170

 (Reference) The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited business results comparable with the previous fiscal year
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited ("former Dai-ichi Life": "A" as shown below) changed its trading name to Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. on October 1, 2016 and changed its business purpose to managing the business activities of its group companies etc.
The domestic life insurance business of former Dai-ichi Life is succeeded by The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited* ("current Dai-ichi Life": "C" as shown below) by means of corporate split.
*Trading name changed from The Dai-ichi Life Split Preparation Company, Limited ("B" as shown below) on October 1, 2016.
For the purpose of presenting comparable business results with the previous fiscal year, the figures presented in this document are defined below.
<Figures Presented>
・ Ending balance of a given fiscal year
For fiscal year 2017 (current fiscal year) and 2016 (previous fiscal year), current Dai-ichi Life figures are presented.
Figures Presented
Fiscal year 2017 Current Dai-ichi Life figures as of March 31, 2018
Fiscal year 2016 Current Dai-ichi Life figures as of March 31, 2017
・ Profit/loss etc. for a given period
For fiscal year 2017 (current fiscal year), current Dai-ichi Life results are presented.
For fiscal year 2016 (previous fiscal year), the sum of former Dai-ichi Life and Dai-ichi Life Split Preparation Company results between April to September, 2016 and current Dai-ichi Life results.
                Fiscal year 2017
   Current Dai-ichi Life results (April, 2017 to March, 2018)
 Fiscal year 2016
Figures Presented
Former Dai-ichi Life results (April to September, 2016) + Dai-ichi Life Split Preparation Company results (April to September, 2016) + Current Dai-ichi Life results (October, 2016 to March, 2017) [A+B+C]
  (Notes) ・ [A+B+C] is presented for reference and differs from statutory disclosure.
・ The sum of Dai-ichi Life Split Preparation Company and Current Dai-ichi Life results [B+C] are presented for Statement of Earnings in accordance with statutory disclosure standards.
 171 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Unaudited Balance Sheet
(Unit: million yen)
      As of March 31, 2017
As of March 31, 2018
474,030 173 473,857 164,600 191,108 59,348 30,961,195 14,011,465 119,575 1,949,088 3,883,612 10,290,811 706,641 2,562,316 358,340 2,203,976 1,116,133 770,567 338,612 3,966 97 2,889 99,255 76,751 22,503 2,500 601,617 13,837 12,328 162,982 41,221 84,199 - 249,599 5,899 31,548 108,514 (994) (436)
36,339,190
As of March 31, 2017
30,864,753 229,698 30,249,170 385,884 741 476,277 1,004,764 267,871 283,000 9,967 43,804 48,088 684 55,287 50,260 - 231,126 2,848 4,956 2,674 1,473 2,720 380,870 1,498 800 164,453 129,833 77,236 103,786 33,205,016
60,000 470,000 60,000 410,000 31,230 31,230 1,257 29,972 561,230 1,963,267 (25,327) (17,541) 1,920,398 2,481,628 35,686,645
As of March 31, 2018
30,953,878 148,009 30,407,218 398,650 613 476,277 1,054,754 272,984 283,000 65,670 59,595 46,898 648 56,752 52,556 9 73,820 134,813 4,091 2,665 1,246 - 392,948 1,384 900 181,453 203,767 76,438 108,514 33,450,931
60,000 470,000 60,000 410,000 166,041 166,041 1,746 164,295 696,041 2,213,897 (9,256) (12,423) 2,192,217 2,888,259 36,339,190
   (ASSETS)
Cash and deposits
(LIABILITIES)
Policy reserves and others
Reserves for outstanding claims Policy reserves
Reserve for policyholder dividends
Reinsurance payable Subordinated bonds Other liabilities
Collateral for securities lending transactions Long-term debt and other borrowings Corporate income tax payable
Accounts payable
Accrued expenses
Unearned revenue
Deposits received
Guarantee deposits received Differential account for futures trading Derivatives
Collateral for financial instruments Lease liabilities
Asset retirement obligations Suspense receipt
Other liabilities
Reserve for employees' retirement benefits
Reserve for retirement benefits of directors, executive officers and corporate auditors
Reserve for possible reimbursement of prescribed claims Reserve for price fluctuations
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation Acceptances and guarantees
Total liabilities
(NET ASSETS) Capital stock Capital surplus
Legal capital surplus
Other capital surplus Retained earnings
Other retained earnings
Reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax Deferred hedge gains (losses)
Reserve for land revaluation
Total of valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
 438,454 Cash 166
 438,287 98,500 192,213 50,191 Securities 30,498,102
Bank deposits
Call loans
Monetary claims bought Money held in trust
  Government bonds Local government bonds Corporate bonds
Stocks
Foreign securities
Other securities
Loans
Policy loans Ordinary loans
Tangible fixed assets Land
Buildings
Leased assets Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets Software
Other intangible fixed assets Reinsurance receivable
Other assets
Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Accrued revenue Deposits
Margin money for futures trading Differential account for futures trading Derivatives
Suspense payment
Other assets
Customers' liabilities for acceptances and guarantees Reserve for possible loan losses
Reserve for possible investment losses
Total assets
14,084,907 109,098 2,023,985 3,666,952 9,868,430 744,727 2,657,852 381,830 2,276,021 1,124,412 772,021 343,658 4,923 691 3,117 87,793 65,228 22,564 2,260 434,994 51,700 11,114 156,736 41,368 65,173 12 73,403 4,865 30,618 103,786 (1,472) (444)
35,686,645
                                   AnnualReport2018 172

 Unaudited Statement of Earnings
     ORDINARY REVENUES     3,946,774
(Unit: million yen)
Year ended March 31, 2018
3,791,933
2,321,998 2,321,134 864 1,151,279 836,004 6,532 695,803 52,045 71,352 10,269 9,222 229,603 21,669 259 1,341 53,178 318,655 524 207,277 81,689 29,163 3,433,070 2,265,295 712,110 497,368 360,384 545,177 148,592 1,661 166,356 158,048 8,308 290,370 14,041 111,285 825 4,321 32,771 75,078 - 205 43 13,270 38,527 408,621 302,427 219,685 28,229 29,371 11,820 13,320 358,863 514 514 30,111 1,263 11,589 17,000 257 95,000 234,266 86,344 (21,983) 64,360 169,905
Year ended March 31, 2017
 Premium and other income Premium income
Reinsurance income Investment income
Interest and dividends
Interest from bank deposits
Interest and dividends from securities Interest from loans
Rental income
Other interest and dividends
Gains on money held in trust
Gains on sale of securities
Gains on redemption of securities
Reversal of reserve for possible loan losses Other investment income
Gains on investments in separate accounts Other ordinary revenues
Fund receipt for annuity rider of group insurance Fund receipt for claim deposit payment Reversal of reserves for outstanding claims Other ordinary revenues
ORDINARY EXPENSES
Benefits and claims Claims
Annuities
Benefits
Surrender values
Other refunds
Ceding reinsurance commissions
Provision for policy reserves and others
Provision for policy reserves
Provision for interest on policyholder dividends
Investment expenses Interest expenses
Losses on sale of securities
Losses on valuation of securities
Losses on redemption of securities
Derivative transaction losses
Foreign exchange losses
Provision for reserve for possible loan losses Provision for reserve for possible investment losses Write-down of loans
Depreciation of real estate for rent and others Other investment expenses
Operating expenses Other ordinary expenses
Claim deposit payments
National and local taxes
Depreciation
Provision for reserve for employees' retirement benefits Other ordinary expenses
ORDINARY PROFIT EXTRAORDINARY GAINS
Gains on disposal of fixed assets
EXTRAORDINARY LOSSES
Losses on disposal of fixed assets Impairment losses on fixed assets Provision for reserve for price fluctuations Other extraordinary losses
Provision for reserve for policyholder dividends Income before income taxes
Corporate income taxes-current
Corporate income taxes-deferred
Total of corporate income taxes Net income
2,547,581 2,546,708 873 1,072,049 773,506 7,416 628,036 56,405 70,696 10,951 4,207 200,059 38,258 – 1,231 54,786 327,143 655 270,929 30,606 24,952 3,664,964 2,327,502 773,749 535,014 361,388 507,647 147,966 1,737 273,344 264,959 8,384 286,301 12,995 91,167 24,814 2,610 14,750 81,093 248 21 41 13,765 44,794 422,089 355,726 278,833 33,160 30,892 2,603 10,235 281,810 4,976 4,976 43,934 13,892 13,742 16,000 299 85,000 157,851 58,707 (18,047) 40,660 117,191
                           173 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
 Unaudited Statement of Changes in Net Assets Year ended March 31, 2017
(Unit: million yen)
Retained earnings
Other retained earnings
––– 470,000
32,382 1,257 (1,257) (1,151)
470,000 1,257 29,972 470,000 1,257 29,972
    Shareholders' equity
   Capital surplus
      Capital stock
    Legal capital surplus
Other capital surplus
  Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Increase due to corporate split
Net income
Transfer to reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate
100 59,900
59,900 60,000
– 60,000
60,000 60,000
– 410,000
410,000 410,000
                                                                      Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Increase due to corporate split
Net income
(Unit: million yen)
                                                   Shareholders' equity
Valuation and translation adjustments
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax
Total capital surplus
Reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate
Retained earnings brought forward
               Retained earnings
–
100
(1,151)
561,130 561,230
– – – – 100
Total shareholders' equity
Deferred hedge gains (losses)
Reserve for land revaluation
Total of valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
 Total retained earnings
                                  32,382 (1,151)
31,230 31,230
529,900 32,382
529,900 32,382 –––
                Transfer to reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
1,963,267 1,963,267 1,963,267
(1,151) (25,327) (17,541) 1,920,398 1,920,398 (25,327) (17,541) 1,920,398 2,481,528 (25,327) (17,541) 1,920,398 2,481,628
                                                                                        AnnualReport2018 174

 Unaudited Statement of Changes in Net Assets (Continued) Year ended March 31, 2018
    Shareholders' equity
(Unit: million yen)
Retained earnings
Other retained earnings
   Capital surplus
          Legal capital surplus
Other capital surplus
  Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income
Transfer to reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate
60,000
– 60,000
60,000
– 60,000
410,000
– 410,000
470,000
– 470,000
1,257
488
488 1,746
29,972
(29,972) 169,905 (488) (5,121)
134,322 164,295
(Unit: million yen)
                                                                      Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes for the year
Dividends
Net income
Transfer to reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate
Transfer from reserve for land revaluation
Net changes of items other than shareholders' equity
Total changes for the year Balance at the end of the year
Shareholders' equity
Retained earnings
31,230 561,230
(29,972) (29,972) 169,905 169,905
Valuation and translation adjustments
                                                   Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax
    1,963,267
(25,327)
(17,541)
1,920,398
2,481,628
(29,972)
                                                169,905 –––
                                (5,121) (5,121)
(5,121) 271,818 406,630
2,888,259
                250,629 16,071
5,117
5,117 (12,423)
271,818
271,818 2,192,217
Total capital surplus
Reserve for tax basis adjustments of real estate
Retained earnings brought forward
  Total net assets
                134,811 166,041
134,811 250,629 696,041 2,213,897
16,071 (9,256)
                        175 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Capital stock
          Total shareholders' equity
Deferred hedge gains (losses)
Reserve for land revaluation
Total of valuation and translation adjustments
 Total retained earnings
      Solvency Margin Ratio
(1) Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
Total solvency margin (A)
Common stock, etc. (*1)
Reserve for price fluctuations Contingency reserve
Catastrophe loss reserve
General reserve for possible loan losses
Net unrealized gains (losses) on real estate × 85% (*2)
Sum of unrecognized actuarial differences and unrecognized past service cost
Policy reserves in excess of surrender values
Qualifying subordinated debt
Excluded items
As of March 31, 2017 6,374,047
909,692 174,677 709,561
― 743
113,883
(27,389)
2,226,914 759,277
(171,860)
1,701,499 122,026 4,904 2,038 192,012
―
(Unit: million yen) As of March 31, 2018
7,291,806 1,223,916 195,797 721,146 ― 487
155,521
(11,591)
2,320,038 759,277
(165,060)
1,739,555 120,255 5,264 2,087 201,344
―
253,235 81,046 1,332,508
838.3%
    (Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities (before tax) and deferred hedge gains (losses) (before tax) ) × 90% (*2)
  2,362,536 2,799,571
     Excluded portion of policy reserves in excess of surrender values and qualifying subordinated debt
(708,484) (749,638)
    Others
24,495 42,340
 Total risk (B) Insurance risk R1 General insurance risk R5 Catastrophe risk R6 3rd sector insurance risk R8 Small amount and short-term
              R9 Assumed investment yield risk R2
insurance risk
   255,068 R7 (*3) 84,459 R3 1,290,918
   Guaranteed minimum benefit risk Investment risk
Business risk R4
Solvency margin ratio
(A) ×100
749.2%
       39,028 39,914
  (1/2)×(B)
*1: Expected disbursements of capital to outside the Company and accumulated other comprehensive income, etc. are excluded. *2: Multiplied by 100% if losses.
*3: Calculated by standard method.
Note: The above figures are calculated based on Article 210-11-3 and 210-11-4 of the Enforcement Regulations of Insurance Business Act, and Notification of the Financial Services Agency No. 23, 2011.
AnnualReport2018 176

 (2) The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Solvency Margin Ratio
(Unit: million yen) As of March 31, 2018
6,328,252
   As of March 31, 2017
  Total solvency margin (A)
5,936,832
   Total risk (B)
1,396,021
1,435,172
   850.5%
881.8%
  Solvency margin ratio (A)
×100
Ministry of Finance, 1996.
Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
 (1/2)×(B)
Note:The figures are calculated based on Articles 86, 87 of the Enforcement Regulations of Insurance Business Act, and Announcement No. 50,
   As of March 31, 2017
  Total solvency margin (A)
5,858,298
   Total risk (B)
1,379,562
1,413,924
   849.2%
884.3%
  Solvency margin ratio (A)
(Unit: million yen) As of March 31, 2018
6,251,712
(Unit: million yen) As of March 31, 2018
472,720
×100
Business Act, and Notification of the Financial Services Agency No. 23, 2011. (3) The Dai-ichi Frontier Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Solvency Margin Ratio
 (1/2)×(B)
Note: The figures are calculated based on Article 86-2 and 88 of the Enforcement Regulations of Insurance
   Total risk (B)
As of March 31, 2017
  Total solvency margin (A)
421,078
   146,034
164,541
    Solvency margin ratio (A)
×100
576.6%
574.5%
 (1/2)×(B)
 Note: The figures are calculated based on Articles 86, 87 of the Enforcement Regulations of Insurance Business Act, and Announcement No. 50, Ministry of Finance, 1996.
(4) The Neo First Life Insurance Company, Limited
Solvency Margin Ratio
Solvency margin ratio (A)
(Unit: million yen) As of March 31, 2018
21,825
   As of March 31, 2017
  Total solvency margin (A)
21,919
   Total risk (B)
574
831
   7,636.9%
5,250.4%
  ×100
Ministry of Finance, 1996.
 (1/2)×(B)
Note: The figures are calculated based on Articles 86, 87 of the Enforcement Regulations of Insurance Business Act, and Announcement No. 50,
177 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.

  B
         