 Domestic Life Insurance Business
“CONNECT 2020” Initiatives
Customers Communities and society
CONNECT
 Customers
Communities and society
Business partners
Group companies
Product Strategy to Drive Improvement in Quality of Life
 Business partners
Group companies
In addition to improving quality of life for all customers with products and services that provide new added value, we will continue to take on the challenges faced by Japan, such as extending the healthy life span, by providing support for health promotion.
Dai-ichi Frontier Life
CONNECT
Further Development of a Multi-brand and Multi-channel Structure
Dai-ichi Life
JUST
1st in the Industry*2
Health Check-up Discount
Health Promotion App
  By identifying changes in the social environment and customer needs, the Group strives to offer optimal products and services to every customer, using the most convenient channel for them. To this end, in addition to enhancing the consulting capabilities of Total Life Plan Designers, the Group will work to enhance convenience for customers by promoting a multi-channel structure, including proactive expansion of the
Multi-brand & Multi-channel Structure
agency channel and collaboration with affinity groups. Moreover, the Group will expand mutual distribution of products and services among Dai-ichi Life, Dai-ichi Frontier Life, and Neo First Life while utilizing other brands and working to further expand and evolve the multi-brand structure with a view to providing “Multi-brand + α.”
■Markedly improved flexibility for combining coverage through a radical review of the product system to provide insurance tailored to each customer
■Introduction of new benefits for complications of diabetes, which can lead to many diseases
■Provides extensive support not only for healthy customers but also people who are trying to improve their health
■Promotes improvement in lifestyle habits and prevents serious medical conditions by encouraging early detection and treatment through health checkup recommendations (also contributes to curbing social security benefit expenses as a result)
■Upgraded health promotion app gives current health status and future risks based on health checkup results
  /
  Savings-type products
■ Supports asset formation in an era when people will live to be 100 and for asset inheritance to pass on and leave assets to one's precious family members
 Customers throughout Japan
Independent Agents
Dai-ichi Life
Provide Products
Initiatives that leverage cutting-edge technologies
Neo First Life
          Banks Securities Companies
Dai-ichi Frontier Life
Dedicated Channel, RM*
Walk-in Shops, Banks
Neo First Life
Direct, Affinity
Other brands
Provide products from other than the three brands
*2 Based on research by Dai-ichi Life as of February 2018. The first product in the life insurance industry to provide discount for health checkup
result submission.
Life Plan Designers and around 1,300 unit offices throughout Japan. Moreover, the Group will continue to expand the network
of channels that customers can choose from and provide more information through the expansion of partnerships with other industries and national institutions.
Cross-Industry Collaboration
Nihon Chouzai Co. Matsumotokiyoshi Co. Rakuten Life Insurance Co.
Information Networks with Five National Institutions
■ Further reduction in premiums are applicable when certain health criteria are met, including smoking habits.
■ Premium calculated based on “Kenko Nenrei®*1 *1 Kenko Nenrei (Health Age) is a registered trademark of JMDC Inc.
Medical insurance
     Customers
Communities and society
 CONNECT
Business Group partners companies
Partnership Expansion
   Provide Products
 * Relationship manager (sales representative for corporate customers)
The Dai-ichi Life Group strives to create a rich and secure lifestyle and society, and seeks sustainable development together with local communities as a good corporate citizen. Going forward, we will continue contributing to the resolution of diverse local issues through our approximately 40,000 Total
Contributing to Resolve Local IssuesTOPICS
Increasing Strategic Sales Offices Starting in fiscal 2018, we have been increasing strategic sales offices in the Tokyo metropolitan area, which has a high customer density, to provide sophisticated face-to-face consulting to more customers. Some of the tasks of such offices are centralized at head office organizations to streamline their operations at the same time.
    Partnerships with all 47 prefectures (agreements concluded)
Expanding initiatives in local communities
  National Center for Global Health
and Medicine
National Center for Child Health and Development
National Cerebral and Cardiovascular Center
National Center for Geriatrics and Gerontology
National Cancer Center Japan
      Sense of security in later life
Promote health for all
Stability through insurance
Building a safe and secure community
25 Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc.
Annual Report 2018 26