 An employee who took part in the open recruitment overseas training program (Front row, second from the right, in India)
 Training and Development of Employees
DSP Academy, for Training Selected Employees, and Overseas Training with Open Recruitment
As part of our employee training, we established the DSP Academy in July 2016, which is a career grade-specific training program. The Academy provides extensive learning opportunities to highly talented students, from young employees to mid-career employees as well as managers. Chairman Masayo Tada serves as the Academy principal, leading various management courses and other modules aimed at fostering future top-level managers. In the five years from fiscal 2016, 400 students are expected to complete the program. Training participants develop a comprehensive view of business overall from a broad perspective and the imagination to create new value.
In addition, in fiscal 2017, we started an overseas training program with open recruitment. The program’s objective is to place promising young employees in environments with different industries and cultures, and provide them with early experience in overcoming challenges through their own efforts, thereby instilling resilient courage. In the three-year period of the program up until April 2019, eight talented young employees had been dispatched overseas. We hope that the program will not only have an effect on the growth of the participants themselves, but also on fostering an organizational culture of challenge.
Talent Management for Strategically Placing Employees and Promoting Human Resource Development
In April 2018, we adopted a talent management system for maximizing the performance of our employees (talents) and systematically understanding and supervising which employees possess which skills, assets, and capacities. Utilizing the
talent management system, we encourage employees to take steps toward independent career planning and autonomous self-improvement. We also have superiors and subordinates work together to design customized development plans in order to realize human resources development and the proper placement of personnel, while striving to maximize results.
Related SDGs