
At Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma, we consider that it is essential for all
Eruboshi
employees to pursue transformation and to generate innovative ideas in order to continue achieving our Corporate Mission. To this end, we believe that it is necessary to create an environment conducive to exercising one’s full capacities while effecting a positive cycle connecting work and personal lifestyles for every employee. We have been implementing full-scale work style innovation initiatives since 2017. As part of this, we believe that the presence of “Ikuboss” supervisors, who encourage rank and file employees in both their careers and their broader lives, is extremely important in order to balance improving corporate competitiveness with achieving work-life balance.
We received the “Platinum Kurumin” in July 2017 while working to create a rewarding environment which is easy to work in for employees who are raising children. In each workplace, we promote a mindset of understanding and assistance for employees facing diverse life events who require flexible work styles.
       White 500
Platinum Kurumin
49 Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019
      Expanding areas in which women actively participate
Supporting Women’s Active Participation
At Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma, we consider that it is essential for each and every employee to take on appropriate duties in accordance with their capabilities, irrespective of their gender, in order to realize our Corporate Mission. We have vigorously strived for active participation by women as one focus of our efforts on diversity and inclusion.
We believe that an equal ratio of men and women among our employees and among our managerial staff is one yardstick of our vision for women’s active participation. In our General Business Owner Action Plan required under the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace, which came into force in 2016, we have set a goal of at least 10% female managerial staff in 2020, and we have been actively promoting initiatives. In 2017, we received the highest “Eruboshi” certification (three stars) as
a company making excellent progress implementing initiatives for the active involvement of female employees. As of April 2019, women accounted for 10.7% of managerial staff at Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma, achieving the goal set in 2016 at least 18 months ahead of schedule.
The achievement of this goal is merely one checkpoint among our long-term initiatives. Going forward, Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma will continue to encourage growth through education in accordance with capabilities for each and every employee, irrespective of their gender, and create an environment that allows all employees to reach their full potential.
Supporting Active Participation by People with Disabilities through Appropriate Placement
Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma recognizes that it is the common responsibility of society to enhance social welfare through the employment
Main Initiatives in FY2018
Held training for managers, addressing the long-term inclusion and development of female employees
Held training for female employees, aiming at developing them into managerial staff
Worked to create an environment of meaningful work, where both men and women enjoy a positive balance between their jobs and private lives
Implemented support measures for returning to work, and pursuing a career, after child-care leave
of persons with mental disabilities. In July 2018, Cocowork Co.,
Ltd., was established to support independence of persons with mental disabilities by cultivating leafy vegetables, etc. in solar-powered hydroponic.
As part of our efforts to create a comfortable work environment, we introduced a communication support application and provide sign language interaction at internal sessions for hearing-impaired employees.
Related SDGs