 CSR-based Management
 Contributing to Global Health and Improving Access to Medicines
In recent years, expectations of pharmaceutical companies related to contributing to improving access to medicines have increased further. Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma has identified “Improvement of healthcare infrastructure in developing countries” and “Initiatives to improve access to medicines” as material issues, and we believe that working on establishment of healthcare systems in developing countries, training and developing human resources, and educating the public will not only contribute to achieving the SDGs, but also lead to an increase in our presence as a global pharmaceutical company. Since we recognize that access to medicines is an issue on a global scale, we value the importance of Goal 17: Partnerships for the Goals. While emphasizing the establishment of a sustainable framework, we are working toward solving issues by collaborating with government agencies, international institutions, research institutions, and civil society.
Related SDGs
Main Initiatives in FY2018
Participation in Access Accelerated
Since January 2017, we have taken part in Access Accelerated, which is a partnership initiative with organizations that include 24 global pharmaceutical companies and the World Bank. Through this involvement, we are striving to improve access to medicines for non-communicable diseases in developing countries.
In fiscal 2018, there were efforts to improve access to medicines through such means as pharmaceutical regulatory easing targeting 20 low- to middle-income countries in Africa and Asia and 90 Accelerated Access programs were promoted at individual companies targeting 99 countries.
Initiatives for Safe Delivery and Sound Child Growth
From July 2016, we have worked with NPOs, local governments, and the community to provide a health improvement program for mothers and children in Cambodia’s Kampong Cham Province.
• Trained 15 Community Care volunteers for Mothers and New-borns (CCMN)
• Visited the homes of 91 antenatal women and 63 postnatal women
• Held practical cooking workshop for preparing highly nutritious baby food three times with participation by 93 local women
Initiatives Aimed at Appropriate Use of Antibiotics and Countermeasures to Antimicrobial Resistance (AMR)
In June 2019, we commenced a drug susceptibility study targeting Vietnam aimed at the appropriate use of antibiotics and countermeasures to antimicrobial resistance (AMR). Through the joint implementation of the study and sharing of its results, we aim to further spread awareness about the importance of using drug susceptibility data in routine testing as information for making decisions when medical institutions are selecting the best antibiotics for treatment.
Initiatives for Unapproved and Off-label Drugs
In areas with high unmet medical needs, providing new treatment options is very important. Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma puts an emphasis on responding to requests for development of unapproved and off-label drugs as an initiative to improve access to medicines. We developed an intravenous drip infusion indicated for conditioning treatment prior to autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for pediatric malignant solid tumors for which we obtained approval in March 2019 and launched in May 2019.
Initiatives to Improve Medicine-related Literacy
Using pharmaceuticals with a proper appreciation and understanding of treatment methods and adverse reactions is very important in improving access to medicines. Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma aims to improve the medicine-related literacy of patients. In addition to providing “Kusuri-no-shiori,” “Instructional Leaflets,” and guidance for patients using our pharmaceuticals and their families to promote appropriate use, we also strive to educate the public through our health information site and by holding public lectures (27 lectures in fiscal 2018).
Home visit by a maternal and child health volunteer
       