 Patient Support and Advocacy
Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma strives to provide support for areas with high unmet medical needs as part of our social contribution activities. In fiscal 2018, we endorsed and contributed to activities for Rare Disease Day (RRD) 2019, an event for worldwide Rare Disease Day held on the last day of February and organized by RRD Japan. Officers and employees also wore RRD2019 badges and helped with awareness raising activities.
Implementing Support through Donations
In the spirit of our global slogan Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma promotes social contribution activities in the hope that all patients and their families can lead healthier and more fulfilling lives.
As we focus on support for patients and their families, global health, and educating the next generation, voluntary financial contributions by our officers and employees are matched by a corresponding Sumitomo Dainippon
Pharma donation and presented to organizations that promote such causes. In fiscal 2018, Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma provided donations to The Support Network for NANBYO Children of Japan, Future Code, Nobel, and NPO Florence.
Supporting the Japan Epilepsy Research Foundation
Established to commemorate the 90th anniversary of the former Dainippon Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., the Japan Epilepsy Research Foundation (JERF) works to promote research on treatments in the field of epilepsy, while contributing to the health and healthcare of the public, and running on contributions from Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma and other donors. The Foundation provides grants
and commendations related to epilepsy. In fiscal 2018, JERF provided 12 research grants, two overseas study grants, and one Japan Epilepsy Research Grant for Inviting Overseas Researchers to Japan. Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma will continue to contribute to the improvement of healthcare and welfare through its support of the Japan Epilepsy Research Foundation.
Advancing patient advocacy in the U.S.
Our U.S. subsidiary Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Inc. partners with patient advocacy organizations across the U.S., while also developing premier advocacy programs to advance education and awareness of serious psychiatric, neurological and respiratory conditions. For example, during fiscal 2018, Sunovion continued to support the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) walks across the U.S., while also expanding Be Vocal, partnership between five leading mental health advocacy organizations and Sunovion, which aims to bring mental health to the forefront by spotlighting real people living with mental health conditions and showcasing their unique stories. Sunovion was also involved with Moving Day, a walk to support The Parkinson’s Foundation mission in the U.S., and implemented initiatives to support Epilepsy Awareness and COPD Awareness Months.
