 Local Community Contribution, Including Supporting Education of the Next Generation
Providing Learning Opportunities Leveraging Our Strengths as a Pharmaceutical Company
Since fiscal 2012, we have been providing visiting lectures at junior high and high schools as part of activities for supporting the next generation. This allows us to provide learning opportunities that enable children who will shape the future to grow in good health and exercise their potential to the fullest.
As medical technology continues to progress, we believe that bioethics is important in junior high and high school education as a discipline that does not offer simple right or wrong answers. Using an original program on bioethics and incorporating the particular perspective that a
biology-related corporation can offer, Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma employees deliver visiting lectures. As a program that fosters young learners’ abilities to think, feel, and empathize, the program has been highly praised by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and by classroom teachers.
In fiscal 2018, participating students numbered approximately 1,800 at 20 schools, with 51 of our employees serving as instructors.
Publishing the SUKOYAKA Compass Website
Since fiscal 2012, Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma has published SUKOYAKA Compass as a part of our website aimed at the children who will be forging the future. Through SUKOYAKA Compass, children learn about the importance of understanding and using medicines correctly, and we also hope that they develop an interest in medicine and that it helps with education about medicines.
Through SUKOYAKA Compass, we publish diverse content, including
“Kusuri-no-i-ro-ha,” which introduces information about medicine that we think we know but actually don’t, such as what medicine is, how medicine works, and the process for producing medicines, “O-kusuri Q&A,” which explains things like how to use medicines in a Q&A format, “Kusuri no Jiyu Kenkyu Guide,” which provides a guide to methods of independent research on medicines and ways of organizing research, “Kusuri no Shigoto Zukan,” which introduces work at a pharmaceutical company and the work of a pharmacist, and “Kusuri no Chosen,” which introduces the cutting-edge research at Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma. In addition, a navigator called Scoppi explains medicines and answers questions to make the site child-friendly.