Investor Relations, Corporate Planning Department 1-6-5 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8150 Tel: +81-3-5657-1007
Mail: ir@ushio.co.jp
 www.ushio.co.jp/en
Ushio Report 2019 Year ended March 31, 2019
      
   Contents
1 Ushio Management Direction
2 Ushio’s “Light” to Change the Future 4 Financial and Non-financial Highlights 6 Interview with the President
10 Special Feature — Roundtable Discussion with Outside Directors 15 Businesses to Create Value
16 Main Products by Segment
17 Global Expansion
18 Value Creation Model
20 Research and Development 22 Light Sources Business
24 Equipment Business 28 New Business
31 Sustainable Management
32 Medium-Term Management Plan (FY17-FY19)
34 Message from the Executive for Finance and Corporate Planning 36 CSR Management
42 Human Resources Management
46 Corporate Governance
52 Financial Data
54 Non-financial Data
55 Consistency with International Initiatives
56 Stock Information
57 Corporate Data
What is light?
Ever since its foundation, Ushio has continued to search for the answer. Because we know, that light has the power to change the future.
A future where development is sustainable and safe for our planet. A high-tech future like we’ve only seen in movies.
A future where lives we couldn’t have saved, can be saved.
With light, the future can go beyond our imagination.
So today, we continue to believe and challenge the endless possibilities of light.
  Philosophical Framework
The Light Innovation Company
Ushio Value Cycle
(Search / Science / Solution / Share)
Ushio Group Management Philosophy
10 Action Guidelines as a Member of Society
Management Philosophy
   Our Vision
Our Value
Our Mindset
USHIO GROUP
Management Philosophy
1
Build both a prosperous Company and prosperous employees.
2
Deliver products and services
that are competitive in the global market.
3
Contribute to society through superior products and innovative research and development.
4
Expand profits, corporate responsibility, and competitiveness through open and free-thinking business operations.
    Editorial Policy
The Ushio Report describes the unique business development model of Ushio that has grown through discovering the functions of light and giving them form. The report concisely summarizes the information needed for understanding the pos- sibilities of improving the long-term and sustainable corporate value of the com- pany. We hope that this report will enable all of our many stakeholders to understand the appeal of Ushio.
In this report, all of the information presented refers to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 when no other time period is specifically mentioned.
In addition, when the name “Ushio” appears in the report, it refers to the entire Ushio Group, whereas the name “Ushio Inc.” refers to the non-consolidated com- pany Ushio Inc.
Positioning of “Ushio Report”
  Extremely high
Degree of importance to stakeholders
Ushio Report
–Point of emphasis– Importance Conciseness Sustainability
Ushio Inc. corporate website Investor Relations Information
Financial results, Financial presentations, etc.
CSR/Society and the Environment
High Degree of importance to management
Extremely high
Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 1

         Ushio Management Direction
Ushio’s “Light” to Change the Future
Ushio’s growth has been defined by transforming change into opportunities. To play a role in solving social issues and achieving a sustainable future, we will continue to be a “light innova- tion company” that provides products and services with outstanding quality and one-of-a-kind technologies.
Establishment period
Growth
1980s
Increasing penetration of laptop computers
Expansion period I
1990s
Increasing penetration of LCD TVs and data projectors
Expansion period II
For the
Next leap forward
     (million ¥)
200,000
150,000
100,000
50,000
0
Ushio establishment
Net sales trend
(Until 1979, Ushio's non-consolidated sales)
1960s
Contributed to the transition from black-and-white to color
OA trend
1970s
Japan’s national space development plan
2000s
2010s
High-definition LCDs Expansion of space produce scene
Advancement of high-performance medical equipment and digital movies
Increasing penetration of IoT Emergence of 5G and AI
Forecast
                                      1964
1970
1980
1990 2000
2010
2019 2020 ended March 31
“Light” for illumination ―
Ushio’s light gave movies a new look In the 1960s, Ushio’s xenon lamps, which were known as “small suns,” made a full-scale change from black- and-white films to color films. Since then, Ushio has been involved in every transition in the movies from film to digital, 2D, 3D, and 4D, particularly in transitions of light sources and projectors.
“Light” for energy ―
Ushio’s light is vital for electronics Industrial processes, particularly during the evolution from transistors to the IC to the LSI, often require tech- nologies for smaller, thinner and more fine parts. Ushio has been contributing to digitization by providing light sources, systems and services in an integrated manner to overcome the bottleneck of technological innovation using light.
The need for “light” is continuing to increase
The potential for the use of light in the future is certain to continue to expand, including in medical, biotechnology and other life sciences. As in the past, Ushio will evolve in order to create new value by meeting new demands and expectations involving light.
        Xenon short arc lamp for cinema projector
Digital cinema projector
UV lamps for semicon- ductor lithography
Photo-alignment equipment
Excimer irradiation units for cleaning LCD panels
TheraBeam® UV308 excimer light phototherapy device
RGB laser projector
Step & repeat projection lithography tool for high resolution printed circuit boards
2 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 3

         Ushio Management Direction
Financial and Non-financial Highlights
Financial Highlights
Non-financial Highlights
Number of Employees (Non-consolidated)
  Net Sales
(million ¥)
179,121 159,365
2015 2016
Operating Income / Operating Margin
Average Length of Service (Non-consolidated)
                     11,279 11,105
2015 2016
7,042
2017
11,001 11,326
2018 2019
70.4% 69.5% 305,303 306,628
ended March 31
55.06
2017
3.3%
2017
2018 2019
5.1% 5.3%
2018 2019
19,889
11,572
2018 2019
ended March 31
31,949
2015
ended March 31
172,840 173,497 165,138
2017 2018 2019 ended March 31
6.5% 7.3%
13,130 5.0%
5.9% 5.2%
1,755 558
1,197
2015
■ Female
1,744 1,703 555 539
1,188 1,164
2016 2017
1,590 1,571 515 506
1,075 1,065 2018 2019 ended
March 31
16.1 16.7
17.5 17.9 18.8
(million ¥)
■ Operating Income Operating Margin
Net Income Per Share
(people)
■ Male
(years)
Male
16.9 17.8 18.7 19.2 20.0
10,357
8,602
10,151
8,517
    Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
Ratio of Employees Returning to Work after Taking Maternity and Childcare Leaves (Non-consolidated) /
Percentage of Paid Vacation Days Used (Non-consolidated)
CO2 Emissions (Consolidated*)
(million ¥)
(¥)
(t-CO2)
2015 2016 2017
2018 2019
ended March 31
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 Female
ended March 31
86.40 85.83
2015 2016
5.6% 5.2%
2015 2016
86.11
88.85
100.0% 68.3%
2015
100.0% 72.8%
2016
95.5% 74.0%
2017
100.0% 71.1%
2018
100.0% 72.8%
2019 ended March 31
37,618
2016
38,980
2017
39,900
2018
37,593
2019
1,313
2019
10
5
          Total Assets / Equity Ratio
ROE
Ratio of Employees Returning to Work after Taking Maternity and Childcare Leaves Percentage of Paid Vacation Days Used
Use of Water Resources (Consolidated*)
Total Waste Output (Consolidated*)
(million ¥)
73.3%
294,542 294,525
2015 2016
■ Total Assets Equity Ratio
(m3)
(t)
                       27.8% 24
2015
30.3%
26 26 26
6,166
2015
1,339
2015
8
70.9%
68.9% 308,430
372,805
2017
394,691
2018
374,091
2019 ended March 31
1,522
2016
    2017 159,365
ended March 31
ended March 31
ended March 31
Dividends Per Share / Dividend Payout Ratio
Free Cash Flow
Number of Patents Held (Non-consolidated)
Number of Directors
(¥)
■ Dividends Per Share
(million ¥)
47.2%
30.2%
56.3% 50
2019 ended March 31
1,425
2016
1,514
2017
1,532
2018
1,454
2019 ended March 31
11 11
9
12
12 55
2018 2019
328,358
2015
321,126
2016
1,150
2015
1,333 1,227
2017 2018
 4 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 5
1,664 2016
2015
7(Female 1) 2017 2018
(2,630) 2017
3 2015 2016
7(Female 1)
5
(Female 1)
 ■ Internal Directors ■ Outside Directors (Note) The water resources and total waste output are the consolidated environmental management range established by the Company.
2
   2016 2017
Dividend Payout Ratio
2018
ended March 31
2019

  Ushio Management Direction
Interview with the President
     We are fully dedicated to contributing to societal development as a Light Innovation Company.
Greeting from Ushio’s New President
I am Koji Naito, the newly appointed President and CEO.
Ever since its establishment in 1964, Ushio has developed optical tech- nology as a “Light Innovation Company” and explored the phenom- enon of light, which can lead to exciting innovations and provide solutions to the challenges faced by our customers and society.
Sharing these technologies and solutions will eventually contribute to the development and growth of society as a whole, which I believe to be one of the important responsibilities to our stakeholders and society that Ushio needs to fulfill.
These values are incorporated in the Ushio Group Management Phi- losophy, which consists of four principles that serve as the guidelines for everything we do. The most basic and distinctive principle is the achievement of prosperity for both the company and our employees. By stimulating widespread innovation and helping achieve a sustain- able society, the prosperity of Ushio also improves the lives of the employees who have made it possible.
Ushio will continue pursuing the countless possibilities of light that have yet to be discovered. As the new president of Ushio, I am deter- mined to achieve sustainable growth and increase our corporate value by providing solutions to social issues, contributing to create a future and culture beyond everyone’s imagination, and retaining a firm com- mitment to corporate social responsibility and diversity.
June 2019
President and Chief Executive Officer
Birthplace
Biography
1986
1992
1997
2000
2014
2015
2016 2019 April 2019 June
Tokyo
Joined Ushio Inc. International Business Division. Seconded to Ushio Europe B.V.
Ushio Europe B.V. Vice President.
Returned to Ushio Inc.
Executive Officer
Assistant General Manager, Light Source Business Division Senior Executive Officer
General Manager, Light Source Business Division Managing Executive Officer
Chief Executive Officer
President and Chief Executive Officer (incumbent)
 6 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 7

         Ushio Management Direction
  The current Medium-Term Management Plan (Operating income)
(billion ¥)
Q1.
What is your view of Ushio’s current perfor- mance, and what must be done in order for it to continue to grow?
As in the previous fiscal year, our earnings declined because of challenging market conditions. Improving profitability is a priority of our current Medium- Term Management Plan (MTMP), but our ability to generate earnings is still weak. Another problem is the lack of drivers of future growth. This is why we must establish a structure for our business operations that is highly resilient to change, along with a framework that can continue to perform well even in a difficult business environment.
To accomplish this, we will clearly define our path to growth as well as our business priorities. We will also determine the actions and measures needed to achieve our goals. I believe that this process will allow us to make our core businesses more profitable and increase the speed of launching and expanding new businesses.
In our core businesses, Ushio Group is using “One Goal, One Strategy” man- agement worldwide, which makes it possible to respond quickly and efficiently to changes in the business climate. We now need to take a step forward by applying this scheme to create a strong link among all business domains and group companies. Accomplishing this will improve the efficiency and speed of our business operations and maximize group-wide earnings.
In our new businesses, we will channel our resources into activities that are on the verge of a growth phase to achieve steady growth. Two examples are extreme ultraviolet (EUV) light sources for photomask inspections and solid- state light sources. In addition, we are seeking more opportunities to create growth drivers in business fields that are the best match with Ushio’s strengths.
As the president, I must provide a clear explanation of exactly what types of progress we want to accomplish with innovations involving light. I believe that one of the most important duties for me is to explain the strategic objectives of Ushio to our shareholders, employees and all other stakeholders.
Q2.
The current Medium-Term Management Plan “Fundamentals for the Next Leap For- ward” has entered the final year. Please tell us your aspirations for this plan.
Unfortunately, sales and earnings decreased in the second year of this plan. As a result, we had to lower the final year operating income target from 15 billion yen to 10 billion yen.
In the plan’s final year, our first priority is to achieve operating income of 10 billion yen, which is 17.4% higher than in the past year. We will reinforce our efforts throughout our operations, such as by repositioning existing businesses as core businesses and restoring their strength. Second, we will formulate a growth strategy for the new MTMP that is scheduled to be announced in May 2020. Based on these two measures, the management team and employees will work together, with me taking the lead, to overcome the existing issues and achieve these goals.
 Initial plan Revised plan Results
     10.0
10.1
12.5
10.0
 Mar. 2018 first year
8.5 8.5
Mar. 2019 second year
Mar. 2020 third year
8 Ushio Report 2019
15.0
Q3.
What is your vision for Ushio in the near future?
My own concept for the future is that we will continue to grow in a sustainable manner by solving social issues with light. Ushio’s light has contributed to industrial and social advances over the years. One way is by providing func- tions such as “imaging” and “lightening” in the visual imaging domain. Our light also performs key functions such as “patterning”, “curing & bonding”, and “cleaning” for industrial processes, such as those required to create semicon- ductors and flat panel displays. As a Light Innovation Company, we will con- tinue to play a part in solving social issues as well as creating a future and culture that are better than anyone can imagine today.
Q4.
What is your message to Ushio’s stakeholders?
I want to make Ushio a company that is easier for stakeholders to understand than it has been in the past. For this reason, we intend to provide more spe- cific, thorough information and maintain two-way interactive communications with all stakeholders.
Stakeholders want answers to questions such as why Ushio is engaged in a particular activity or what areas we plan to strengthen as part of our business strategy. We will also take actions aimed at providing information priority issues and methodologies for multifaceted management issues such as our human resources and CSR strategies to investors and other stakeholders in a format that is easy to understand.
The most important point is to do more than simply supplying information. We will maintain dialogues with stakeholders to listen to their opinions, sugges- tions and other input.
  Ushio Report 2019 9
 
         Ushio Management Direction
Special Feature — Roundtable Discussion with Outside Directors
 Ushio is currently pursuing structural reforms for further growth. We asked six outside directors with a wealth of knowledge and experience in business about what the challenges for Ushio may be and what should be done to achieve further growth.
What are Ushio’s strengths? How should we make the best use of them?
 Hara
I believe that the Ushio’s key strength is the high level of clarity of its corporate management. For example, the person responsible for each business unit submits reports to the Board of Directors that include numbers, performance and problems. The thorough disclosure of information makes it easy for everyone to understand the status of each business.
Other strengths include Ushio’s strong commitment to CSR, which started many years ago, and the group’s diverse and skilled workforce. I think that Ushio needs to take even more actions to fully utilize the knowledge and potential of these people.
Yoshinari Hara
Yoneda
I agree that Ushio’s strength is the depth of its human resources, as all employees have outstanding skills. However, I think it needs to work even harder on prob- lem-solving skills and actions for accomplishing goals. Management needs to exercise strong leadership to make these improvements.
Yamaguchi
Yes, I agree. This may be due to the company’s large market share. From now on, Ushio must focus on meet- ing the needs of its markets and customers, strengthen- ing its sales capabilities, and adopting a new mindset.
Fukushima
I think that there are many highly skilled employees who have a positive, forward-thinking attitude. In the future, Ushio will need people who are robust in a positive sense to achieve results by utilizing our globally diverse human capital. Accordingly, it is important to stick to the results,
persevere no matter what, and work with a sense of responsibility by thinking, “This is what I would do if I were president.” It is also important for all young employ- ees to be given overseas assignments and to acquire experience working with people covering a broad range of mindsets. I also think that Ushio should pass on the spirit of contributing to the advancement of society, which has been a source of strength since its establish- ment, and foster a workforce that is energetic and ambitious.
Kanemaru
One business strategy is to be a big fish in a small pond. Even if the market size is not that large, by establishing a dominant market share, a company can achieve posi- tions in market sectors that create very high barriers to new competitors. Another approach is the so-called blue ocean strategy, in which a company targets a new and uncontested business domain and clarifies strategies in each business field, resulting in more efficient business operations. In addition, growing in mature markets will require Ushio’s light expertise to be combined with other know-how. I believe that M&A deals with other compa- nies in the small pond may be another good business strategy for Ushio.
The key to success is corporate governance. To acquire growth opportunities with a broader approach, it is necessary to create an M&A governance team that is not unduly afraid of significant risk exposure. Ushio has a warm and friendly corporate culture; at times, it needs to be a tough business professional that is capable of supervising newly acquired companies to achieve results.
I also think that it is important to make use of Ushio’s light expertise to contribute to the major changes in the end-user market, such as watching movies and playing games on tiny smartphone displays. In the future, every- thing will be connected via 5G technology. However, we cannot provide added value unless we are part of this connection process. This is why Ushio must also con- sider allocating resources to software.
Sasaki
Ushio has several strengths. It has a clear concept that light is the nucleus of business operations, a wide range of products with large market shares, and expansive business operations outside Japan. Ushio also has a powerful brand and a sound balance sheet. The key point is how to make effective use of the outstanding workforce that others have mentioned to accomplish the goals stated in the long-term plans.
   Profile
(From the left in the front row)
Yoshinari Hara
Outside Director
Honorary Advisor, Daiwa Securities Group Inc.
Vice Chairman, Japan Association of Corporate Directors
Sakie T. Fukushima
Outside Director
President & Representative Director, G&S Global Advisors Inc Outside Director, J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd.
Outside Director, KONICA MINOLTA, INC.
(From the left in the back row)
Toyonari Sasaki
Outside Director
Vice Chairperson, the Life Insurance Association of Japan
Nobuyoshi Yamaguchi
Outside Director (an Audit & Supervisory Committee Member) Outside Director, NAKABAYASHI CO., LTD.
Outside Director, S·K·I. CORPORATION (currently Sakai Holdings Co., Ltd.)
Yasufumi Kanemaru
Outside Director
Chairman, President and Group Chief Executive Officer, Future Corporation Chairman, Future Architect, Inc.
Representative Director, Nippon Institute for Research Advancement
Masanori Yoneda
Outside Director (an Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
   10 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 11

         Ushio Management Direction
 What challenges must be overcome for Ushio to continue to grow?
How will you demonstrate your abilities as an outside director?
  Hara
Ushio must improve its operating margin to continue growing. A high operating margin provides resilience and the ability to endure in the event of difficulties. Ushio is also a great company in terms of its brand power, the quality of its employees and its financial position. How- ever, the management and employees appear to be satisfied with the status quo and thus somewhat com- placent. Although Ushio is very stable, the problem is that it cannot achieve strong earnings. I think that solving this problem may require bold decisions to be made about investments.
Kanemaru
Sustained growth always requires the foresight to respond rapidly to market changes, and I think this is Ushio’s main challenge. Ushio has business activities in numerous market categories. At this stage, it is neces- sary to combine Ushio’s highly specialized products, which is a core strength, with software to take the next big step forward.
On the other hand, although Ushio implements a range of measures including R&D activities, the results do not seem to be exceeding the expectations of stakeholders in numerical terms. Ushio must create a new definition of light and restructure the company and the organization in such a way that is not merely an extension of the current business operations.
Fukushima
I also think that the operating margin is one of our chal- lenges. Because of the high expectations for Ushio, I feel that the level of shareholders’ and investors’ satisfaction with our current performance is not high. While Ushio has superior technologies and a large market share, the strengths of its products and business model have become increasingly difficult to see. With the new indus- trial revolution having advanced to this point, notably in the fields of AI and IoT, there is a need for discussions about how to make best use of advanced technologies and establish strategies in this turbulent environment that will lead to sustainable growth.
Yoneda
In addition, I believe that actions for launching new busi- nesses are an issue. The emergence of a new business
that could contribute to growth, even in the rapidly changing business climate, would give Ushio’s external stakeholders as well as its employees more confidence about the company’s future.
Sasaki
I talked about Ushio’s strengths earlier, but I think that these are also challenges. Ushio has a clear business concept for new business but must move faster. I think that the company needs to find a solution within about three years. For products with a large market share, there is a risk associated with shifting needs caused by technological progress. Ushio should seek opportunities in peripheral markets while closely monitoring risk expo- sure. In addition, it is very difficult to control overseas operations. Many companies are said to not fully utilize free trade agreements. Tariffs on raw materials and fin- ished products have a significant impact on the bottom line. Accordingly, overseas operations demand the supervision of business activities as well as the monitor- ing of international taxation and other matters.
Toyonari Sasaki
Yamaguchi
Ushio has highly advanced light technologies, and now is the time to re-examine the status of these technologies, identify issues, and become confident in its technologies. If all the departments in the company collaborate with each other and take on new challenges, Ushio will be able to determine its future direction. I want the young employees to be willing to take on challenges, translate ideas into actions and have a strong desire to win.
In addition, in Ushio’s case, although the auditing firm is performing rigorous audits overseas, Ushio’s head office should be more involved in the internal control of overseas subsidiaries, both in financial matters and busi- ness operations. I think it is necessary to examine care- fully whether the head office’s ideas and management strategies are fully and properly understood by the over- seas subsidiaries.
Fukushima
I have served as an Audit Committee member at a com- pany with a nominating committee, etc. When a commit- tee is composed entirely of outside directors, including the chairperson, there must be a system for collecting internal information. A company with an audit and supervisory committee governance system is positioned between a company with a nominating committee, etc. and a com- pany with a corporate auditor system. What are the activi- ties of the audit and supervisory committee members?
Yoneda
I also have experience as a director. I know that I need to take the initiative to collect information on my own to make the right decisions for performing my duties. Gath- ering this information requires the effective functioning of the internal audit department.
Upgrading the internal audit system will result in strict compliance with corporate ethics guidelines. I want to make the audit system even more effective by strength- ening the operations of the internal audit department and information collection activities.
Masanori Yoneda
Yamaguchi
Audit and Supervisory Committee members hold meet- ings with almost 30 executives every year over a period of about one and a half months to verify that work is undertaken in an appropriate and suitable manner. As a result of this process, Ushio is an outstanding company in terms of ensuring strict compliance with corporate ethics guidelines.
Hara
Ushio will need to take more actions regarding the effec- tiveness of its governance. Already, half of the directors are outside directors. Nevertheless, interest in ESG investments is growing in the investment community, and expectations among shareholders involving ESG are also climbing. Consequently, people want to see results, and the weight of the responsibility on the outside directors to achieve results is heavy. This also means that the Board of Directors must be more effective. The outside direc- tors must fulfill their obligation to check the activities of
management, ask questions, and raise issues. Moreover, I am very interested in the stock price
because of my background in the securities industry. Starting in the fiscal year ended in March 2019, securities reports in Japan must disclose total shareholders return(TSR). Since a company’s management will not receive a positive evaluation if the stock price has not gone up, managers need be aware of what must be done to raise the stock price. The basis for achieving this goal is an increased awareness of the investment costs, a commitment to improving the operating margin, and the productive use of human resources. If earnings do not increase, the stock price will probably not move up.
Accordingly, a company must be managed in a manner that takes the stock price into consideration.
Sasaki
I have experience working in many positions for the Japanese government, including the Ministry of Finance and the Cabinet Secretariat. I was constantly thinking about how to operate organizations and set goals, especially when I was at the Cabinet Secretariat. I wanted to execute important policies that encompassed many ministries and agencies, which are organizationally divided vertically, create an organization that motivated everyone to accomplish a goal, and attract people with the right skills.
I was in charge of coordinating activities involving the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) at ministries in Japan. This job required a large number of negotiations, but in the end, I accomplished my objectives. I will make use of this experience to help me with the organizational and operational aspects of Ushio so that the company can continue to grow and accomplish its goals. Moreover, I also want to use my knowledge of public finance, com- mercial finance, TPP overseas trade negotiations and international taxation.
Yoneda
Due to my experience at an insurance company, I can help Ushio because I have a commitment to, and an obsession with, achieving performance targets. I spent many years in an environment where achieving perfor- mance targets was taken for granted, so the feeling of accomplishment and satisfaction I experienced is my key asset. Furthermore, I hope that I will be able to put that experience to good use in the training program for Ushio employees.
Yamaguchi
Judging from my experience, I think that a company’s performance depends on its ability to utilize its people, so people are the foundation for its management. I give Ushio high marks for its measures to strengthen human resources, including education for younger employees. These programs also include classes for managers and a young executive system. I would like Ushio to continue upgrading this training infrastructure with measures such as sending many younger employees on overseas assignments.
   Sakie T. Fukushima
12 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 13

       Ushio Management Direction
    Industrial Process
Visual Imaging
Life Science
Businesses to Create Value
Ushio has achieved business growth all over the world by accumulating technology as a light professional and solving problems for its customers and for society. We will continue to grow by strengthening our fundamental business, pursuing further possibilities of light, and continuing to innovate to solve social issues.
Main Business by Segment
Light Sources Business Discharge lamp / Halogen lamp
Equipment Business Imaging equipment / Optical equipment
Others Machinery for industrial use etc.
      Ushio Report 2019 15
 Giving tasks to young people to make them more com- petitive improves their capabilities. Promoting talented people regardless of gender and nurturing young people by exposing them to many experiences and competitive principles is another good idea. I would like to continue monitoring progress with the use of these ideas.
Nobuyoshi Yamaguchi
Fukushima
I worked for 20 years at a global consulting company: 12 years as a director at the U.S. headquarters and 10 years as an outside director at a Japanese company. I believe that this experience will enable me to assist Ushio with human capital and governance. Japanese compa- nies have an urgent need to develop global human capi- tal and increase the ability to embrace and benefit from diversity. For growth, companies must become more diverse with regard to people as well as organizational structures and other aspects of operations. They need to make effective use of people with a global perspective who use their experience from overseas postings to undertake “sturdy management” in Japan.
I believe that the effective use of human capital will lead the company to acquire an ability to utilize change as an engine of growth rather than merely reacting pas- sively to the rapid changes taking place worldwide. Fur- thermore, a succession plan that nurtures the next generation of managers in each position is also neces- sary for sustained growth. I believe that I can assist Ushio with its human capital programs.
In general, the progress of gender diversity is slow in technology companies, including Ushio. However, char- acteristics such as gender and nationality are only part of what defines an individual, not the whole person. Through my work in human capital, and from the experi- ence I have gained by working with many types of people, including LGBT people, in various countries, I have learned that excellent people are excellent regard- less of their personal traits. In addition, I think that it is essential to offer a temporary support program for women with the goal of filling about 30% of management positions with women. Once this goal is reached, the program can end in order to return to a standard promo- tion system. I believe that the ratio of female managers will increase if companies develop and appoint the most suitable human capital without any bias. From a gover- nance standpoint, I would like to continue to thoroughly
discuss the next Medium-Term Management Plan (MTMP) and supervise its implementation to clearly define the Ushio Group’s growth strategy.
Kanemaru
Every company needs a system for determining strate- gies and then translating them into actions. As an out- side director, I will help Ushio achieve its goals by assisting with the redesign of management strategies by making use of my experience in the field of IT consulting in areas such as logistics, finance and manufacturing.
In addition, when I launched a business, Chairman Ushio told me that the mission of an entrepreneur is to create jobs, which has enormous implications for society. This is what made me decide to start my own company. Accordingly, from my standpoint as the founder of a business, I think that it is my role to be very critical at times as necessary.
Ushio is a company that has been clearly positioned since its inception as an organization with a desire to take on new challenges. I would like this spirit to remain part of Ushio’s culture. Even if the company fails after taking on challenges, it has the financial strength to with- stand them. I want Ushio to aim for even greater accom- plishments by prudently taking on more risk.
More risk might briefly lower the operating profit margin. However, shareholders and other investors will be happy from a long-term perspective if this temporary downturn in profitability produces an operating margin that is even higher than it was before after a few years.
Ushio will soon begin working on the next MTMP. I have high expectations for this plan, but I will be critical of proposals for the plan if I believe that changes are needed. I want to create a plan that I can fully support because, once the new strategies are determined, I expect to make a major contribution to Ushio by explain- ing the plan to stakeholders from the standpoint of an outside director.
Yasufumi Kanemaru
  14 Ushio Report 2019
   
         Businesses to Create Value
Businesses to Create Value
Main Products by Segment
Ushio extends the use of light technology beyond the realm of illumination to use as energy for appli- cations in industry and cutting-edge science, thereby contributing to the birth of many products that have become No.1 in the world market.
Global Expansion
Providing just the light required as it becomes necessary to each country and region. Because we’re Ushio, we have light we can deliver.
Net Sales
¥ 165.1 billion
World share 20% Lamps for data projectors
World share 65% Lamps for cinema projectors
World share 80%
Halogen lamps for OA equipment
World share 95%
Step & repeat projection lithography tool for high resolution printed circuit boards
World share 85% Photo-alignment equipment
Others
1.1%
Sales by Region
      Discharge lamp
¥ 55.8 billion
   Halogen lamp
¥ 11.3 billion
   Optical equipment
¥ 35.3 billion
    Imaging equipment ¥ 56.9 billion
 World share 80%
UV lamps for semiconductor lithography
Asia
42.5%
Japan
21.9%
North America
24.7%
21.9% 36,229
2019 ended March
24.7% 40,847
2019 ended March
Overseas Sales / Share (million ¥)
81.1% 129,221
2015
Europe Sales / Share
(million ¥)
          Europe
9.8%
79.2% 79.7% 141,794 137,687
2016 2017
79.3% 137,618
2018
78.1% 128,909
2019 ended March 31
 World share 75%
UV lamps for LCD lithography
Light Sources Business
      World share 95%
Excimer irradiation units for cleaning panels
World share 70%
UV curing equipment for bonding LCD panels
Japan Sales / Share
(million ¥)
18.9% 30,144
2015
20.8% 37,327
2016
20.3% 35,153
2017
28.2% 48,763
2017
20.7% 35,879
2018
27.6% 47,878
2018
31
13.3% 21,207
2015
11.3%
20,304 9.5% 16,368
2016 2017
10.3% 17,930
2018
40.1% 69,585
2018
9.8% 16,148
2019 ended March 31
42.5% 70,123
2019 ended March 31
                        Equipment Business
North America Sales / Share
Asia
   (million ¥)
(million ¥)
Sales / Share
 35%
Digital cinema projector
30.1% 47,988
2015
30.9% 55,320
2016
36.0% 57,392
2015
35.7% 63,997
41.0% 70,806
     World share
            Illumination and others
¥ 2.3 billion
Machinery for industrial use and others
¥ 3.3 billion
31
2016 2017
  16 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 17

        Businesses to Create Value
Value Creation Model
Ushio is working to expand the functions and applications of light, including ultraviolet rays, visible light, infrared rays, and surrounding wavelength regions. By continuing to innovate in light, Ushio aims to contribute to solving social issues, development and growth.
Ushio Value Cycle to create the future
Based on the Light Technology cultivated since 1964, we will Search for light phe- nomena that sparks innovation, use Science to elucidate and reproduce the phe- nomena, and provide Solutions to the issues facing customers and society. Then, we will Share this information to grow and develop with our customers and society. This is Ushio’s value.
 INPUT
Financial capital Free cash flow ¥11.5 billion
Production capital
Capital investment ¥8.5 billion
Human capital
Number of consolidated employees
5,703
Intellectual capital
Number of patents held 1,454
      OUTPUT
Ushio’s business
 Light Sources Business (P.22)
  Equipment Business (P.24)
 Others
 OUTCOME
Current focus areas Provide value for society
Supporting manufacturing
Semiconductors
Flat panel displays Precision equipment Photochemistry Printing
Industrial equipment and others
Supporting entertainment
and offices
Digital cinemas
3D, virtual reality (VR)
Video display systems for surveillance and control
Commercial and landscape lighting
Supporting people's health and life Medical application Natural environment Agriculture
Marine Security Space development
 Industrial Process
 Visual Imaging
 Life Science
   Ushio Brings Light to Life
Shareholders Investors
Employees
Customers Suppliers
Society Communities
Environment
      Search Search for light phenomena that sparks innovation
  Share Share the information and contribute to the development of society
Technology
Technologies cultivated since 1964
Science Elucidate the principles of the light phenomena and enable reproduction
 Solution Solve the issues facing customers and society
       7 Materialities
In order to support the “Ushio Value Cycle”, seven important issues (materiality) are listed. We are making specific efforts to address these issues.
  18 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 19
Pursuit and expansion of light functions P.20
   Improve profitability of core business (generate cash) P.22-26, 34
Creation of new business
P.28
Strengthening CSR management P.36
   Enhancing quality management P.38
Human resources manage- ment utilizing diversity P.42
Strengthening corporate governance
P.46

          Businesses to Create Value
Research and Development
We will continue to study the infinite possibilities of light from many differ- ent perspectives and develop things that will benefit society.
Th1eme
Ushio’s New Light Source for Blanket Inspections
    Hiroki Kodaka
General Manager, Corporate R&D Division, Ushio Inc
Research & Development Expenses / Ratio to Net Sales (billion ¥)
Q: What are your thoughts on the functions and potential of light?
A: Altering the wavelength gives light a different appearance and effect, even when the same object is illuminated. The wavelength range spans more than 10 orders of magnitude. The range of applications is almost infinite if we include all the combinations of wavelengths, materials and even phase and polarization. This is what makes it possible to undertake the non-invasive viewing of the interior of an object or the observation of only a specific object. Of course, light can also be used as a means for supplying energy. Light is the basis of all physical phenomena and has potential beyond any- thing we can imagine. Accordingly, when the possibility of light disappears, we think that the possibility of everything else in the world disappears with it.
Q: What is your basic policy for R&D activities?
A: We place emphasis on the following four points:
• Fields where the distinctive properties of light are leveraged
• Activities that reflect global megatrends
• Clear differences from other products and companies as a result of the
development of parts using advanced microfabrication technologies and
distinctive machining process techniques
• Joint development programs with customers from the early stage to
ensure commercialization
R&D involves significant uncertainties. We are accelerating our develop- ment activities by running multiple programs in parallel to ensure that we proceed as planned. Currently, we are aiming to achieve commercialization in the fields of inspection and measurement products and many other cat- egories of products and equipment.
Q: What are your policies for R&D and creating new products?
A: Hypotheses are a major component of research and development. In order to reduce uncertainty, we perform studies at an early stage concerning our expected target customers. We also believe that joint development is important. We are using this approach for the two themes on the next page, although there are differences between the companies and universities involved. Everyone has the same goal and an equal position in the project. This makes it possible to understand what customers really want, the char- acteristics of the entire industry involved and other items.
On the other hand, new businesses are always prone to a high degree of uncertainty. The overall probability of success is said to be merely 0.3%. Accordingly, it is important to create an abundance of ideas and identify the true value of these ideas from an early stage. We must then expand the scope of applications and examine these applications by using a broad range of values, including external viewpoints. When a project begins, engi- neers take the lead because of the large number of new technologies. Con- sequently, since 2018 we have been operating a joint laboratory called the Ushio Techno Lab that is equipped with sophisticated diagnostic and mea- surement devices. We plan to use this laboratory to give our engineers the opportunity to interact with people from both inside and outside the com- pany and to examine and verify new technologies. We believe that this will further increase the level and success of our R&D activities.
Manufacturers of food, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals and many other products usually perform production line inspections by using a sampling process. How- ever, this method does not provide 100% certainty. When a defect is discovered, a company frequently has to discard a large volume of products and sus- pend production until the cause has been determined and corrected. The cost is enormous.
Ideally, in-line real-time measurements and inspec- tions of all products should be performed.
However, this requires technologies for non-destructive and high-speed measure-
ments. There are various methods for mea- suring the composition of materials. Ushio is developing a new light source called a near infrared pulse light source, which
produces tens of thousands of light pulses per second. Specifically, we are aiming to develop a mea- surement technology that is 1,000 times faster than was previously possible by using a light source with pulses at a rate in the tens of thousands of times per second. At this speed, more than 100 products can be inspected every second, which will help reduce expenses, optimize production processes and facili- tate the use of automation.
 6.3% 11.2
2016
6.8%
6.2% 6.1%
10.6 11.5
2
5.7%
9.8 10.1
Theme
商品を通過したパルス光の変化を データ処理し、高速・高感度に合否を判定。
Making Invisible Objects Visible: X-ray-condensing Mirrors
 時間
  2017 2018 2019 2020 ended March 31 (forecast)
Like visible light, X-rays are a type of electromagnetic wave. They are used primarily for medical and other non-destructive inspections. In addition, X-rays are a type of light source that is extremely useful in many industrial processes. Unfortunately, the high level of energy transmission makes it difficult to control x-rays. As a result, it is extremely difficult to fabricate small X-ray devices. This is why the full potential of X-rays has not yet been realized.
There are already X-ray converging mirrors. Ushio aims to create an ultra-compact, ultra-lightweight reflec- tor using microfabrication technologies, including laser
Length of one side of each pore is tens of microns
X-ray collector
(currently under development)
processing technology and magnetic fluid grinding. Specifically, we form an innumerable number of tens of micron-sized pores on a 1 mm-thick glass substrate
and form reflective metal on the side-wall of the pores. The result is a light-collection, imaging element whose size is approximately one one-thousandth of the exist- ing element.
We have succeeded in fabricating a light-collecting element that is only about 1/1000th the size of a con- ventional element. This is done by forming countless tiny holes measuring only tens of microns on a glass substrate of about 1 mm and placing a reflective metal on the side walls of the holes. Furthermore, since a conventional collector is divided into two parts, it is very difficult to adjust the two parts. This creates problems in terms of cost and lead time. With Ushio’s revolution- ary collector, consistently high production quality can be maintained because the collector is fabricated by using a single glass substrate.
We believe that this technology will lead to new applications for X-rays by making it possible to reduce the size, weight and cost of X-ray equipment.
■ Research & Development Expenses Ratio to Net Sales
 Main application fields of light
Energy that causes chemical reactions at short wavelengths
Ultraviolet rays
rays / x rays
Manufacturing processes for semiconductors, liquid crystals, electronic components, precision equipment / Environment, medicine, chemical industry
Create images and convey information
Visible light
Movie, projector, lighting, space production, OA equipment
Long wavelength, energy that penetrates into the material
Infrared rays
Microwave / Radio wave
Manufacturing processes for semiconductors, liquid crystals, electronic components, precision equipment / New Energy
       20 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 21
Near infrared chirp pulse light source
Light pulses with the wavelength of each pulse changing over time are emitted continuously (tens of thousands of pulses per second)
Photo diode
Light intensity
Data processing
Time
         
        Businesses to Create Value
Light Sources Business
   We are creating a new light sources business in order to change the business situation and achieve sustainable growth.
Currently, we offer a red laser for projectors and a purple laser for direct- imaging exposure equipment to the existing market, in which Ushio has a strong position in lamps, in response to the ongoing transition to SSLS.
We are targeting the following four applications because we view them as the next growth opportunities for the SSLS business; (1) Sensing & Measurement, (2) Medical & Health, (3) Life Science, and (4) Automotive. At the same time, we are stepping up activities for supplying entire mod- ules containing laser diodes and LEDs rather than simply selling these two products individually.
To alter the business situation and achieve sustainable growth, we need to create a new light sources business in which lamps are no longer the core product. In January 2019, we announced our decision to merge Ushio Opto Semiconductor (UOS) and Ushio. Taking this step will enable us to offer one-stopsales of both Ushio lamps and UOS LEDs, as well as laser diodes. Our goal is to use this unification to continue meeting the needs and high expectations of our customers as the preeminent supplier of light sources.
  Tetsuo Nakano
General Manager, Light Source Business Division, Ushio Inc.
Hiroaki Banno
President and Chief Executive Officer, Ushio Opto Semiconductors, Inc. and General Manager, Integrated Light Source Solution Center, Ushio Inc.
Q: Please review the progress of this business in the past two years.
A: Sales of data projector lamps, which are one of our main products, declined due to a downturn in the usage of these lamps in new projector models as a result of the impact of the technical transition to Solid State Light Sources (SSLS). Although most of the installed cinema projectors are still equipped with lamps, the demand for cinema replacement lamps is gradually decreasing because most of the new models utilize SSLS.
On the other hand, SSLS did not achieve the significant penetration of the market for UV lamps, which are another of our core products, because this application requires high output. However, downward market trends, such as slower investment in semiconductors and liquid crystal panels and low factory capacity utilization, affected sales.
Sales of SSLS are increasing, and higher sales are expected to eventu- ally contribute to profits. Rapidly improving the profitability of these prod- ucts remains an important challenge for us.
Q: What is the outlook for this business?
A: Most of the earnings in the light sources business are generated from lamps. We offer various types of lamps, and the situations depend on each business environment. For example, the demand for lamps for data projec- tors is shrinking due to the transition in SSLS. On the other hand, UV lamps and halogen lamps for OA equipment have not been significantly impacted by SSLS. In the case of cinema lamps, there is the potential to improve profits by implementing an effective sales strategy.
In this final year of our current Medium-Term Management Plan (MTMP), we are expanding the implementation of IT & robotics technologies to several factories to improve productivity in order to maintain the profits of lamps. Moreover, strengthened global sales and the release of high value- added products will be required to sustain lamp profits. Demand is expected to be stable in the medium term for UV lamps, cinema lamps, and halogen lamps for OA equipment.
The market for SSLS is steadily expanding, but it will still take a few years for this product sector to contribute to profit.
Creating a safe, clean environment with light in the fields of the environment and hygiene
Red laser for laser projector and Purple laser for direct imaging lithography equipment
   Kazutomo Takami
Leader, Marketing Team, Environmental Health with “Light”
Taking advantage of the powerful decomposition and sterilization effects that are possible only with high-energy lamps, we are cre- ating new markets involving the environment and hygiene. Our goal is to solve the issues in these fields with major social importance.
Q: Please tell us about your current activities.
A: The bactericidal effect of ultraviolet irradiation has been well docu- mented. However, because ultraviolet irradiation used for killing bacteria is harmful to humans, ultraviolet lighting has been used only in spaces where there are no humans, for example in empty spaces and on the surface of objects. However, Ushio has now used its own technology to develop ultraviolet lighting that is less harmful to humans. We have therefore commenced joint research and development programs with research institutions and universities concerning the disinfection of pres- sure ulcer wounds and surgical sites.
Furthermore, we plan to create a market for the utilization of technol- ogy to produce pure water and clean air by using ultraviolet rays for decomposing organic substances contained in water and air.
Sales have already commenced for the production of pure water, and we have also started shipments of our gas decomposition products.
Q: Please tell us about your plans for upcoming activities.
A: I believe that our business has the potential to solve social issues that have attracted a lot of attention and to develop a new market. To ensure that our business succeeds, we are aiming to provide solutions that combine not only sterilization and decomposition with light, but also the measurement/quantifi- cation of organic substances and bacteria, through co-work with partners.
Light Sources Business Sales
(billion ¥)
77.2
63.4
2016 2017 2018 2019 ■ Discharge lamp sales
71.9 72.4
67.1
65.5
54.0
11.5
2020 ended March 31 (forecast)
     59.9 55.8 13.7 12.1 12.4 11.3
59.7
 ■ Halogen lamp sales
* Solid state light sources sales are included in
Discharge lamp sales.
22 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 23

        Businesses to Create Value
Equipment Business — Optical equipment
  We will respond to the increasing demand associated with the development of 5G and IoT and strengthen the recurring revenue model.
Naoki Kawamura
General Manager, Business Management Headquarters and General Manager, System Solution Division, Ushio Inc.
Q: Please review the progress of this business in the past two years..
A: We have taken numerous actions to improve our business structure in order to transition to a business that can consistently generate earnings. With “profit awareness reform” as a slogan, the whole company has worked together on the standardization of design processes, cost reduc- tions by using collective procurement, sales activities that focus on profit- ability, quality improvements, and the reduction of inventories.
The markets for semiconductors and electronic components have been strong because of progress involving 5G mobile communications, IoT, automotive devices and smartphones. Sales of our lithography products have been increasing as a result.
Q: What is the outlook for this business?
A: The market conditions are different in each product category. In the flat panel display market, although capital expenditures for large liquid crystal panel manufacturing in China are expected, in contrast, companies are keeping their expenditures for small and medium-sized liquid crystal panels and organic EL displays were slowing down. As a result, sales of our photo-alignment equipment did not increase. On the other hand, sales of lithography equipment for flexible substrates are climbing due to the increasing use of narrow-border displays for smartphones and other products.
In the semiconductor and electronic components market, demand for data server devices and sensors is expanding due to the progress of 5G and IoT. Our customers are continuing to make substantial investments in these fields. Moreover, in the smartphone market, which is has been rela- tively sluggish, companies are beginning to build new manufacturing facili- ties in response to the design changes required by higher performance levels. In addition, demand for in-vehicle semiconductors and in-vehicle electronic components is increasing. Sales of lithography equipment for semiconductors and electronic devices are also strong.
There is a difference in the level of investments in the flat panel display sector and the electronic components and semiconductor sectors. Our
Step & repeat projection lithography tools for high resolution printed circuit boards
Projection lithography tool with roll to roll carrier
goal is to continue improving productivity while taking demand in these markets in order to become more profitable. One measure involving this goal is our recent decision to increase lithography equipment production capacity in order to meet growing demand.
Ushio’s lithography equipment is used mainly in back-end semiconductor processes. Advances are taking place in these processes in conjunction with technological progress for front-end processes. We are currently devel- oping next-generation products for these more advanced back-end pro- cesses. We are also taking actions to make our product line-up more competitive and ensure that our operations are consistently profitable.
In the optical equipment business, demand rises and falls along with the capital expenditures of our customers. Typically, there is a significant down- turn in demand after a peak. Accordingly, the greatest challenge for the optical equipment business is generating recurring revenue model earnings regardless of these fluctuations in demand. Expanding businesses that generate a steady revenue stream is one way we are building a base for consistent earnings. We do not want earnings to end with the sale of a product. We also want to generate earnings from replacement lamps and maintenance services. These after-sales services can also be a valuable source of information for developing new products.
   Ushio’s EUV technology is playing a key role in making a next-generation semiconductor manufacturing process possible
  Nobuhiro Inosako
Deputy General Manager, System Solution Division and Leader, EUV Business Project, Ushio Inc.
Contributing to the development of a next-generation social infrastructure is a major mission of ours. We are dedicated to building an even stronger business foundation in order to meet our obligations to society.
Q: Please tell us about Ushio’s EUV light sources
A: Next-generation semiconductors with even finer circuit lines will be vital for achieving the full potential of AI, IoT, autonomous driving and other revolution- ary technologies. EUV (extreme ultraviolet) lithography is attracting attention as a technology for fabricating these semiconductors. EUV lithography on a commercial scale will require EUV light sources for the equipment used to inspect ultra-high-resolution photomasks for defects. These light sources must be compact yet have very high luminance. With a compact profile and excellent luminance and reliability, our EUV light source meets all the require- ments for use in photomask inspection units.
Q: Please tell us about your plans for the future?
A: Right now, the main target for our EUV light sources is inspections of the photomasks for highly advanced semiconductor manufacturing processes that use EUV.
Next, we plan to use our position in the photomask inspection category to supply sophisticated light sources with exclusive Ushio technologies in order to cover the entire inspection domain for state-of-the-art semiconductor production processes. We want to become the de facto standard for inspec- tion equipment light sources in this market.
We also plan to start building an infrastructure for the provision of mainte- nance services in order to create a source of consistent earnings.
Optical Equipment Sales
(billion ¥)
25.9
2016
40.0
35.3
33.0
   28.5
   24 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 25
2017 2018 2019 2020 (forecast)
ended March 31

        Businesses to Create Value
Equipment Business— Imaging equipment
 We will continue to implement structural reforms and work to improve our business operations and profitability.
Kazuhisa Kamiyama
President, CHRISTIE DIGITAL SYSTEMS INC.
Q: Please review the progress of this business in the past two years.
A: Christie Digital Systems (CDS) is the nucleus of the Ushio Group’s imag- ing equipment business. The market conditions for CDS during the past two years have been very challenging. In its mainstay projector business, CDS fell behind the competition in the launch of laser projectors as the market shifted to this technology. This negatively impacted the sales of CDS. In addition, profitability has slowly declined because of the comple- tion of the transition from film to digital cinema, which commenced in 2009. As a result, from the fiscal year that ended in March 2019 we began implementing structural reforms to improve profitability based on initiatives such as concentrating resources on core businesses and launching value- added products. All of these initiatives contributed to an improvement in profitability from the last fiscal year.
In the previous fiscal year, we launched RGB laser projectors as the centerpiece of the new product range. The projector has a competitive advantage in terms of contrast and the useful life of its light source. Unfor- tunately, sales of this product fell short of our plan because of the consid- erable time we needed to reduce the speckle phenomenon (see below), which is a problem unique to lasers. We have now solved this problem and expect that these projectors will contribute to our sales as a result.
The fiscal year ending March 2020 is the second year of structural reforms, and we will continue to take actions to further improve profitability. Altering the mindsets of all of our employees and developing a new culture in order to reduce our expenses and improve productivity is another goal.
*Speckles are a high-contrast, micro-pattern of spots caused by the interference of scattered coherent laser light. They are a characteristic of lasers.
Q: What is the outlook for this business?
A: The CDS business is broadly divided into the cinema market and the other general imaging market. In recent years, the cinema market has expanded, mainly in China, and this growth is expected to continue for several more years. In North America and Europe, demand for the replace- ment of digital cinema projectors is expected to begin in earnest around
RGB laser projector
2020. Consequently, demand for cinema projectors is expected to remain steady. In the general imaging business, demand for products for digital signage, events and theme parks remains strong.
For this business overall, increasing profitability is the most important goal. The achievement of sustainable growth will require the frequent launch of value-added products that can meet our customers’ expecta- tions for a better visual experience. This is why we must make our prod- ucts more appealing and release new products in a timely manner. The ability to procure light sources from within the Ushio Group is a unique strength of CDS. A projector’s performance is predominantly determined by the quality of the light source. Ushio is the only company that handles every step from light sources to the assembly of finished projectors. Going forward, we will continue to offer competitive products by expanding our collaboration within the Ushio Group, responding to changes in our mar- kets with a sense of urgency, and further differentiating our products from those of our competitors.
   Ushio Imaging Technology Is More Than Projectors - MicroTiles® LED Zoran Veselic
Vice President, CHRISTIE DIGITAL SYSTEMS INC.
President and COO, CHRISTIE DIGITAL SYSTEMS CANADA/USA INC.
MicroTiles® LED
By providing an integrated solution that optimizes many sys- tems for the processing, transmission, management and display of audio-visual sources, we deliver a better visual experience. It is our great pleasure to provide people with surprises and excitement.
Q: Please tell us about MicroTiles® LED.
A: While strengthening our projector line-up, including the full range of RGB laser projectors, we are also working on products other than projectors. One example is LED video walls, which are attracting attention as high-intensity, high-definition displays. CDS is planning to start selling its own MicroTiles® LED product. Digital signage and other products must have the flexibility to meet demands involving picture quality as well as the shape and size of the screen. MicroTiles® LED is unique in that its shape and size can be changed flexibly. Furthermore, its pixel pitch (see below) is even narrower while retain- ing the flexibility and ease of use of MicroTiles® technology, which debuted about 10 years ago.
* Narrow pixel pitch: Pixel pitch is the distance between pixels. A smaller distance produces higher resolution.
Q: Please tell us about future developments.
A: CDS commenced as a manufacturer of film projectors and celebrated its 90th anniversary this year. During the past 90 years, we have provided dynamic viewing experiences that cannot be duplicated at home. We will continue to strengthen our product line-up in order to provide a better visual experience in a range of locations. Our activities encompass projection tech- nologies such as projectors as well as peripheral technologies. Examples include hardware that directly displays images, such as the newly introduced MicroTiles® LED, and software for image processing, transmission and con- trol/management.
  Imaging Equipment Sales
(billion ¥)
70.3 67.0
62.7 56.9
2016 2017 2018 2019
59.0
2020 ended March 31 (forecast)
      26 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 27

A New Field Where Light Can Be Utilized – Functional Devices Business
The range of fields in which light can play an active role is constantly expanding. For example, light is utilized in automotive head-up displays, remote sensing technology and fuel cell manufacturing processes. In addi- tion, demand is increasing for optical components that are capable of extracting light using the best possible method. Light may be used for the microscopic surface processing of wind power, solar power and other renewable energy equipment in order to prevent the adherence of dirt, dust and other forms of soiling.
In this environment, Ushio has launched a functional devices business, taking advantage of its experience of internally developing light source and optical technologies and key parts (optical components) of optical devices as a manufacturer specializing in light and its expertise in microfabrication, which it has developed through its engagement in the semiconductor manufacturing process, particularly exposure technology.
 Application examples of functional device business
Wind-power generation
Electronic circuit
Bio / Medical
  LED lighting
Smartphone / Tablet
Secondary battery
Solar power
Electric car charging system
ENERGY
Precision measuring equipment
Car navigation system
      Electric bicycle
Electric car
 Yohei Nawaki
As the range of things that can be done with light expands, there is increasing demand for more freedom to control light.
In this environment, functional parts that utilize our expertise in microfab- rication will make it possible to control light in different ways from those that depend on the existing optical technology owing to their more efficient designs and manufacturing process.
We will continue to work with our customers in order to achieve more advances in technologies that use functional devices for the control of light.
Functional Device Development Group, Ushio Inc.

Adhesive-free Bio-functional Chip Using Photobonding® Technology
In recent years, highly accurate drugs based on the human genetic plat- form, such as molecular-targeted drugs and antibody agents, have been developed. In the preclinical stage (using animals), there are problems with issues concerning differences between animals and humans that prevent preclinical medicinal efficacy from being replicated in clinical trials. There is a need to improve the success rate of drug discovery in order to prevent large losses due to the failure of drug development projects. As a result, bio-functional chips (see below) (Organ-on-a-Chip) are attracting attention as a solution to this problem. Once bio-functional chips are put into practi- cal use, the accuracy and speed of drug efficacy evaluations in preclinical experiments will improve. Furthermore, experiments will consist of only human-derived cells. This will reduce the number of animal and clinical trials and significantly speed up the drug development process.
Ushio has developed a Photobonding® technique that uses the surface modification effect of vacuum ultraviolet radiation to directly bond two surfaces without an adhesive. This technology allows COP (see below) for bio-functional chips to be joined with no adhesives. The elimination of adhesives makes it possible to reproduce a more accurate biological system that is not influenced by adhesive substances on the chip.
Ushio wishes to contribute to improving access to pharmaceuticals for people around the world by improving the drug development process in order to reduce drug discovery expenses.
*1 Bio-functional chip (Organ-on-a-Chip)
This chip has extremely tiny channels for liquids on the surface that are formed by using microprocess technologies. Organ cells are then grown on the surface of the chip. The chip is capable of simulating human organ functions in a way that is not possible with conventional artificial organs and animal experiments. These chips are not yet used in actual experiments, but research is continu- ing worldwide with the goal of making this a revolutionary tool for the devel- opment of next-generation drugs.
*2 COP (Cyclo Olefin Polymer)
This is a type of plastic used for bio-functional chip materials. COP is considered to be the best material for bio-functional chips due to its high transparency, excellent observability and low drug absorption. However, only bonding using an organic solvent has been performed to date because of the difficulty of bonding COP. This creates a problem because the remainder of the organic solvent used for bonding has an effect on the cell culture.
    Makoto Yamanaka
Bioplate Technology Project, Ushio Inc.
The pace of medical development has been remarkable in recent years, and innovative treatment methods are appearing every day. Nevertheless, a lot more work is needed to overcome many diseases. I am very glad to be of assistance to a number of people involved in drug discovery and patients through this project. With this in mind, we are taking on the chal- lenge every day of providing products that meet the latest needs of phar- maceutical manufacturers.
I am determined to contribute to the advancement of medical care and the creation of a society where more people can lead healthy lives.

The “XEFIRIA” UV Ozone Deodorizer for Hotel Rooms
Hotels in Japan are using multiple activities to raise their occupancy rates and improve the guest experience, including for the growing number of foreign tourists. One issue is the increasing demand for a method of removing odors from guest rooms quickly.
To meet this demand, Ushio used knowledge acquired from the design of industrial equipment concerning the use of UV radiation to generate ozone. Applying this know-how led to the development of XEFIRIA, the world’s first compact, maintenance-free “light” ozone deodorizer with a specially designed mercury-free UV lamp.
Compared with the conventional electrical discharge deodorizing method, XEFIRIA produces nitrogen oxides(NOx), which is harmful to people, and the time needed to remove cigarette and perfume odors is greatly reduced. In addition to this, we have focused on a light- weight design to reduce the burden of carrying the deodorizer around, simple touch panel operability, and the use of multiple languages to enhance usability. These features help reduce the burden of the cleaning staff and improve the work environment.
Ai Shirozu
Marketing Team, Environmental Health with “Light”
I have been wanting to be of help to people since before I became responsible for XEFIRIA. My work on the XEFIRIA project was extremely rewarding. For example, I have heard from hotels that this new product can remove perfume odors, which were previously very difficult to eliminate.
I now want to use this experience to solve problems involving odors in many other industries as well.

 Sustainable Management
Ushio has always fulfilled its corporate social responsibilities by dealing seriously with the important issues of each era. Now, in order to strengthen our management foundations for growth, we are working on the development of our human resources, quality improvement, community, and corporate governance that enhances our management transparency and efficiency.
A History of Sustainable Management
2009 Formulated the Medium-Term CSR Plan that aims to integrate manage- ment strategies and CSR issues.
2016 Formulated the Medium-Term CSR Plan with the aim of achieving both development of the Company and social contribution.
2020 New Medium-Term Management Plan scheduled.
  Ushio Report 2019 31

Sustainable Management
Medium-Term Management Plan (FY17-FY19)
Ushio announced a three-year Medium-Term Management Plan (MTMP) in May 2017. This section is a progress report for the first two years of this plan, which will end in March 2020. The progress of the MTMP up to the second year and initiatives for the third year are as shown below.
Themes
Guided by the key concept of “solidify the foundation for taking the next leap forward,” we will engage in the following two business priorities and aim to achieve the key performance indicators (KPIs).
Initiatives for the plan’s final year
We will continue to execute the core initiatives of the MTMP to achieve our operating income target of 10 billion yen.
1. Maintain profitability and improve existing businesses
Redefine existing businesses as core businesses and create strategies for each product category to strengthen these businesses.
For lamps, our goal is to maximize earnings by implementing measures to increase earnings in step with the speed of shift to solid-state light sources in each market.
2. Pursue new growth opportunities
We will concentrate resources on measures to make the EUV and solid-state light source businesses, which are transi- tioning from the start-up to the growth phase, into new core businesses.
In addition, evaluate a broad range of business opportunities and establish clear priorities for our investments in order to create new businesses that can be future growth drivers. This will allow us to use investments efficiently for activities that can become large businesses in the future.
  Business Priorities
1. Maintain profitability and improve existing businesses
∙ Secure profits and maintain market share by strengthening
competitiveness in existing markets.
2. Pursue new growth opportunities
∙ Develop new markets and create new businesses by leveraging Ushio’s strengths.
∙ Accelerate development of new markets through M&A investments that emphasize synergy.
Numerical Targets (March 2020 ※Downward revision in May 2019) KPIs
Operating income ¥10.0 billion Operating margin 5.9%
 Overview of the first two years
In the first year of the MTMP, which ended in March 2018, we achieved our goal with operat- ing income of ¥10.1 billion. In the second year, however, the original operating income target of ¥12.5 billion was reduced to ¥8.5 billion. The causes were a decline in the earnings of existing businesses resulting from changes in the busi- ness environment and insufficient speed in creat- ing new businesses. Consequently, for the fiscal year ending in March 2019, operating income was ¥8.5 billion. Although the business climate has not changed significantly, sales of optical equipment have been strong due to 5G, IoT and other new technologies. As a result, our goal is operating income of ¥10 billion in the fiscal year ending in March 2020.
New businesses
Create new businesses that will be future growth drivers
Steady progress with new businesses (EUV, Solid-State Light sources)
Reinforcement of core businesses
 Current Medium-Term Management Plan (Operating Income)
(billion ¥)
Initial plan Revised plan Results
Mar. 2017
Mar. 2018 First year
Mar. 2019 Second year
Mar. 2020 Third year
     12.5
15.0
 The Next Medium-Term Management Plan
 Business priorities
Various measures
1st year
2nd year
Results and reflection
Light sources
Optical equipment
Imaging equipment
Productivity improvement Quality improvement
Improved productivity and quality by implementing IT and robotics technologies.
Imploved profitability by standardization of design, sales activities focusing on profitability, and improving quality
To build a sound base for the start of the next MTMP (starting in April 2020), we are executing a growth strategy for strengthening our profit structure and creating investment plans based on this strategy.
The new MTMP will be announced in May 2020 following the determination of our vision and the core business domains that we will target.
  Maintain profitability and improve existing businesses
Internal reform
Fundamental earnings structure reform (Started from the second year of the mid-term plan)
                            Pursue new growth opportunities
Diverstitune of of unprofitable businesses
Site optimization
Launch high-value added products
New market development and new business creation
M&A emphasizing on synergy
Despite completion of planned diverstitunes, recorded restructuring costs higher than planned
Completed as planned
RGB laser projectors had not met the required specifications in the particular market and finished below the anticipated sales
The EUV light source for mask inspection was launched, but no out- standing results for other new businesses
Acquired Via Mechanics’ lithography equipment business in January 2018. No closed deals since then.
    32 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 33
Existing businesses Core businesses
     8.6
10.0
10.1
8.5
8.5
10.0
         Sustainable Management
Message from the Executive for Finance and Corporate Planning
 Takabumi Asahi
General Manager, Corporate Headquarters
Business Overview
Shareholder returns
No significant investments are expected in the next few years based on the results of operations in the past fiscal year and an examination of upcoming opportunities for growth. As a result, in December 2018 and January 2019 we made an announcement of intensification of shareholder returns by the treasury shares purchase, increasing annual dividends andcancellation of treasury shares . Due to these measures, the consolidated divi- dend payout ratio was 56.3% for the fiscal year that ended in March 2019. We will continue to take actions
Shareholder return policy and specific details
aimed at improving capital efficiently in accordance with our policy of distributing earnings to shareholders in a stable and consistent manner. For the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, we plan to pay a dividend of ¥50 per share, the same as for the previous fiscal year.
Enhancing enterprise value
Since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, we have placed priority on maintaining and improving profitability in the existing business and pursuing new growth oppor- tunities. We still have some challenges. The situation is caused by a weak sense of crisis about increasing work- ing capital, including inventories, and a poor awareness of the need to improve the business where profitability is low, among other reasons. As a result, our capital effi- ciency has declined. To improve the situation, we will strengthen our ability to make a profit by pursuing high profits and converting assets to profits efficiently.
Specifically, we aim to change our mindset to empha- size profit and eliminate the wasteful use of management
Business Growth
Strengthening ability to generate profit
Emphasis on profits and efficient operation of management resources
Strengthen investment effect assessment and perfor- mance monitoring
Reduce working capital Improve productivity
Clarification of resource allocation based on business strategy
Develop business growth strategy through task force Develop financial strategy formulated to be worked with business strategy
Strengthen management foundation
Strengthen human resource management Strengthen CSR initiatives
Strengthen group consolidated management
assets by strengthening investment evaluation and moni- toring at each Group company and to make business investments that will generate profits by redefining corpo- rate strategies and making the priority order clear. 
We have established a task force for formulating cor- porate strategies. We plan to present a new MTMP to the stakeholders in May 2020.
Building more solid management infrastructure
To become more profitable and respond to rapid changes in our markets, we must improve our organizational capa- bilities. Accomplishing this will require more employee training, skill development programs, the establishment of an energetic workplace environment, and enhancement of diversity. In addition, risk management activities encom- passing companies and society will be vital for the sustain- ability of Ushio Group. We also position CSR as a vital element of measures for building an even stronger man- agement infrastructure.
Profit Return
Stable and continuous return
Stable dividend
Dividend per share for the fiscal year ending March 2020 is ¥50 (forecast)
Share buyback
Maximum 10 billion yen (8 million shares) (December 21, 2018 announcement)
Treasury share cancellation
The excess portion of approximately 5% will be cancelled in each year
 Annual dividend per share
¥25 (actual results for the previous year) →Increased to ¥50
 In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, net sales were
¥165.1 billion, operating income was ¥8.5 billion and
net income was ¥11.3 billion. The initial plan was for
operating income of ¥12.5 billion, but this was reduced
to ¥8.5 billion due to changes in the market conditions.
The most significant factors were declining demand for
smartphones and solid-state light sources and our
failure to reach our goal for imaging equipment sales.
We subsequently succeeded in reaching the target of
8.5 billion. For the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020,
we forecast net sales of ¥170 billion and operating 27.8% 30.3% income of ¥10 billion. Our operating income target in
Acquisition of treasury stock
Treasury stock cancellation
Maximum 10 billion yen (8 million shares) December 21, 2018-December 20, 2019
The excess portion of approximately 5% will be cancelled in each year
  Dividend per share and consolidated payout ratio
(¥)
24
47.2%
56.3% 30.2% 50
53.1%
50
2020 ended (forecast) March 31
      the original MTMP was ¥15 billion. This goal is no
longer within our reach because of issues that slowed
our progress during the plan. However, we are forecast-
26 26 26
ing an increase in earnings. One reason is that the busi- 2015
2016
2017 2018 2019 Consolidated payout ratio
 ness climate for optical equipment is sound because of the increasing use of 5G mobile communications, IoT, narrower frames for displays, rising demand for elec- tronic devices and other favorable trends. We also anticipate an improvement in the profitability of imaging equipment due to structural reforms.
Our operating income margin has been declining during the past several years for two main reasons. First is the falling profitability of imaging equipment, and second is the negative effects of the shift in demand in our core lamp business from conventional lamps to solid-state light sources. Many activities are underway for a short-term upturn in profitability. We are strength- ening our imaging equipment operations and rebuilding our light sources business. To meet the strong demand for optical equipment, since demand for many types of electronic devices remains robust, we will increase the output capacity so that we do not miss any opportuni- ties for sales. In addition, we will make large invest- ments for the expansion of EUV light sources used for inspecting photomasks. Another important step is the planned April 2020 merger of Ushio and Ushio Opto Semiconductor in order to adapt to changing market conditions and firmly establish the next source of our growth.
■ Dividend per share
Light Sources Business Sales and Operating Income ratio
(billion ¥)
■ Sales
14.0% 71.9
2015
14.2% 14.4% 11.3%
77.2
2016 2017 2018
12.5% 71.9 72.4 67.1
      (billion ¥)
98.7 97.6 97.6
1.7%
0.1% -0.5% 2016 2017 2018
Operating Income ratio
2019 ended March 31
Equipment Business Sales and Operating Income ratio
 84.0
-0.0% 2015
94.6
-0.3%
2019 ended March 31
     34 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 35
■ Sales
Operating Income margin

        Sustainable Management
CSR Management
The Ushio’s Philosophy and CSR Management
Ushio is dedicated to using technology involving light to play a role in solving a broad range of social issues and creating a sustainable soci- ety. CSR is the foundation for all activities based on the corporate phi- losophy and guidelines for behavior as well as for business operations. We also maintain strong lines of communication with all stakeholders in order to build sound relationships. We believe that this stance is critical to our ability to achieve sustainable progress with communities and society and are conducting many activities for accomplishing this goal.
Recognition of Ushio’s CSR Programs
Ushio has been selected for inclusion in all four ESG (environment, society, governance) indices that are used by the Government Pension Investment Fund of Japan, the world’s largest pension fund. These indices are the MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index, the MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN), the FTSE Blossom Japan Index and the S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index.
Inclusion in CSR Management Indices
The contribution of ESG investments to increasing risk-adjusted returns is believed to increase as the hold- ing period of investments become longer. Ushio’s inclu- sion in these indices demonstrates the widespread recognition of its commitment to the environment, soci- ety and governance.
        CSR Promotion Framework
The CSR committee, which is chaired by Ushio’s presi- dent, determines policies for CSR programs at the Ushio Group. Based on these policies, committees for specific issues and all Ushio departments associated with CSR establish and implement plans for every Ushio depart- ment and business site as well as all group companies.
There is also an Ushio Green Network for programs
throughout the group, as well as sharing information about these initiatives, and CSR conferences that bring together group companies. The aim of these activities is to raise awareness of the importance of CSR and make CSR information accessible to everyone.
Ushio has been selected for 16 consecutive years for inclusion in the FTSE-Russell FTS- E4Good Global Index of socially responsible companies worldwide. Furthermore, for three consecutive years, USHIO has been part of the FTSE Blossom Japan Index of Japanese companies with outstanding ESG programs.
Note: FTSE Russel Rassell (a registered trademark of FTSE International Limited and Frank Russell Company) has certified that Ushio meets the requirements of the FTSE Blossom Japan Index based on a third-party assessment. Produced by the global index firm FTSE Russell, this index is designed to measure the performance of Japanese companies with outstand- ing ESG programs. The index is used as a benchmark for the establishment and evaluation of investment funds and other financial products focused on sustainable investment.
The MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index consists of companies with strong commitments to ESG that is based on the MSCI Japan IMI Top 700 Index. The MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN) consists of companies in this top 700 index that have excellent gender diversity within their respective industries in accordance with a gender diversity score newly developed by MSCI. Ushio has been selected for the WIN for three consecutive years.
Note: The inclusion of Ushio in an MSCI index and the use by Ushio of the MSCI logo, trademark and service marks do not imply that MSCI or its affiliated companies are supporting Ushio or its advertising and sales activities. MSCI has exclusive rights to the MSCI indices and the MSCI name, MSCI indices and their logos are trademarks and service marks of MSCI and its affiliated companies. and other financial products focused on sustainable investment.
The S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index is designed to measure the performance of companies in TOPIX, an index calculated and provided by the Tokyo Stock Exchange. Ushio is included in this global environmental stock index that evaluates carbon emissions in relation to each company’s sales.
Ushio has been selected for inclusion in the 2019 SNAM Sustainability Index, which was created by Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Asset Management Co., Ltd. The SNAM Sustainability Index is used for SNAM Sustainable Investments, an asset management product for pension funds and institutional investors that targets about 300 companies with superior ESG perfor- mance. Ushio has been included in this index for eight consecutive years beginning in 2012.
            Medium-Term CSR Plan
Ushio established a Medium-Term CSR Plan in fiscal 2016 for the purposes of raising the level of CSR activi- ties and achieving the dual goals of progress for the Ushio Group and for society.
The plan has two key elements with goals for the fiscal year ending in March 2021. The first is “deepening.” This involves focusing on core initiatives for the advancement of business operations and society. The second is “expansion,” which is the goal of extending the frame- work for CSR activities outward from Ushio to include all group companies.
Japanese subsidiaries
We will continue and upgrade current CSR programs. At the same time, we will place priority on measures that contribute to society as well as our own business opera- tions. Building a CSR management structure that reflects the increasingly global scale of our operations is another goal. We believe these activities are vital for sustainable progress.
In addition, in line with the next Medium-Term Man- agement Plan, we plan to start a Medium-Term CSR plan linked to our business from the fiscal year ending March 2021.
   36 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 37
USHIO GROUP
10 Action Guidelines as a Member of Society
1. We shall aim to be a company that accepts diverse individual qualities and values and where people work together and pursue self-learning and self-improvement.
2. We shall strive for the company’s sustainable growth through our innovative, proactive and prompt management.
3. We shall respect all the internationally recognized basic human rights relating to our business activities, and endeavor to create bright, safe and pleasant working environments.
4. We shall provide high-quality, safe products and services at appropriate prices and carry out fair and equitable business transactions.
5. We shall work to earn the understanding and trust of society.
6. We shall comply with laws and regulations and carry out fair business activities in accordance with socially accepted practices.
7. We shall fulfill our duties to the best of our abilities in conformity with internal regulations and standards.
8. We shall promote environmental protection and the efficient use of resources.
9. We shall carry out proactive public relations activities while respecting the value of information and intellectual property rights of third parties.
10. We shall contribute to the development of respective regions where we conduct business as a member of the international community.
 President of Ushio Inc.
 CSR Committee
(Chaired by the President of Ushio Inc.)
 CSR division of Ushio Inc.
  Ushio Green Network
(Sharing and promoting initiatives across the Ushio Group)
Ushio Inc. business divisions and business sites
 Individual Group meetings (Disseminating policies, information- sharing, etc.)
 Overseas subsidiaries

         Sustainable Management
Enhancing Quality Management
Quality Management System
Ushio operates a quality management system under the supervision of the company’s president that is operated in accordance with Ushio’s policies for quality and the environment.
During 2018, Ushio streamlined the quality manage- ment system and improved its effectiveness by starting
the integrated implementation of ISO9001 and ISO14001. We plan to continue raising the amount of joint utilization of these two quality management stan- dards in order to make further gains in efficiency and effectiveness.
Human Rights
Basic Stance
We understand that respect for human rights is vital to our ability to be a company able to earn the trust of the public by fulfilling our obligations as a member of the global community. We adhere to a number of interna- tional standards of behavior and guidelines involving human rights: the Universal Declaration of Human Rights; the U.N. Guiding Principles on Business and Human
Rights; the Ten Principles of the U.N. Global Compact, which are universal principles for human rights and labor standards; the International Labor Organization Declara- tion on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work; and ISO26000, an international standard for social responsibility.
        Management System Structure
Activities for the Protection of All Human Rights
         General Manager
Sales
Technology
Production
In 2015, Ushio revised the third chapter of “10 Action Guidelines as a Member of Society.” With this revision, we clearly stated our commitment to respecting interna- tional guidelines that go beyond the laws of individual countries with regard to all human rights that are affected by our business activities. We exercise caution in order to prevent any involvement, whether direct or indirect, in actions that are detrimental to all categories of human rights defined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Business operations extend from the development of
Whistleblower System
Ushio has an internal system for reporting improper behavior and other problems. The system covers the entire Ushio Group, including overseas companies, in order to provide for rapid responses to any issues. Exter- nal professionals and organizations are used as needed. Reports are submitted to an attorney or other external location. This system plays an instrumental role in our
products all the way to the handling of products at the end of their lives. We need to reflect the interests of the large number of people who are associated with all of these steps. We conduct business activities that comply with guidelines as a company dedicated to protecting and respecting human rights and providing remedies for human rights abuses as stated in the U.N. Guiding Prin- ciples on Business and Human Rights. In addition, activi- ties for the evaluation of business operations include audits concerning human rights and labor issues.
ability to quickly identify problems without concealing information as well as to enable everyone at the Ushio Group to feel confident about submitting reports when- ever necessary. Providing this system also contributes to risk management by making everyone more aware of potential problems and facilitating rapid and proper responses.
 Quality Management Activities
      Ushio’s Harima Division is increasing the use of IT and robotics. The goals are to enable this factory to adapt with greater flexibility to changing market conditions, lower human error and raise quality as well as maintain consistency. These activities have produced the following benefits.
These activities will be expanded beyond Harima, which serves as the mother plant, to other production locations and group companies worldwide. In addition, quality management initiatives are encompassing manu- facturing processes as well as inspections and adminis- trative tasks.
President of Uhio Inc.
 Quality Assurance Division General Manager
 Division Manager
Group Companies
 Quality Assurance Division Manager
  Benefits of Quality Management Activities
Production Line Automation
For many years, the large number of manual tasks required for lamp production resulted in reliance on the skills of individuals. We have started using robots for some processes that can be automated in order to reduce human mistakes and variations on quality. Furthermore, these activities included revisions to production processes, automated inspections of all items produced and the improvement of processes by linking selected manufacturing steps. These measures improved the quality of finished products, raised the reliability of production tasks and shortened the order lead time.
On-time Visualization of Production, Quality and Processing
The use of IT results in the on-time visualization of the status of every step of production. Using this information strengthens the oversight of manufacturing, making it possible to quickly discover and resolve problems in order to prevent defective products.
38 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 39

         Sustainable Management
Reinforcement of Risk Management
Fundamental Structure
For risk management, Ushio designates departments that are responsible for monitoring and assessing a vari- ety of risk factors involving business operations and management. These risk factors include compliance, environmental performance, product quality, legal
Management of Risk Factors
matters, disasters, information, the management of exports and other items. In addition, reports concerning risk factors are submitted to the Compliance Committee and the CSR Committee.
Information Security
In association with its business operations, Ushio holds personal information about customers and sensitive corporate information about business customers. We are well aware of the importance of protecting this informa- tion from leaks, unauthorized alterations and other threats. Furthermore, we regard this information as an important asset for creating value and raising our corpo- rate value. This is why we have many programs aimed at increasing employees’ commitment to information secu- rity, strengthening risk management and other improvements.
Sound information security requires a trinity
Community Activities
Ushio is dedicated to using its business operations and technologies to help solve social issues and be a respon- sible member of communities.
One example is the Dream Projection Project, which uses a mobile cinema and other measures to support the dreams of children around the world. The mobile cinema gives children their first exposure to a movie or other performance. Another role of this program is the direct and indirect provision of materials, technologies and opportunities to children who have no means of
Major Activities
components: establishing rules, creating a framework for following these rules, and making everyone more aware of the importance of information security. We are focus- ing on performing information security in accordance with the rules and making all of these rules uniform throughout the Ushio Group.
Reexamining information security rules as needed to reflect changes in the business climate is vital for ensur- ing that the rules remain up to date. Furthermore, we are currently taking actions for establishing and implement- ing security policies at all group companies.
expressing themselves. The goals are to encourage young people to have big dreams and to enable com- munities to create distinctive cultures.
     Disasters
 Environment
 Export management
 Procurement
   A plan with daily steps for restoring operations is in place for every phase of a response to a disaster, from the initial response to measures for establishing the necessary infrastructure and preparing for the resumption of manufacturing operations.
Environmental risk factors are examined periodically and the potential effects are assessed and managed.
A unit dedicated solely to export management determines rules and conducts education and oversight activities specifically for risk associated with export management.
As part of CSR procurement activities, there are studies and actions as needed regarding risk associated with corruption, human rights and pollution.
     Risk Management Activities
Climate Change
Fulfilling obligations for protecting the environment is one of the greatest social responsibilities of Ushio. We are playing a role in the creation of a sustainable society by using numerous environmental protection measures in all aspects of our business operations.
As part of our commitment to coexist with the environ- ment, we envision a variety of impacts of climate change and clearly define the associated risks in order to be a company capable of sustainable progress. Furthermore, we are always examining the best ways for Ushio to be a responsible member of society.
The establishment of a CO2 emission reduction target is one way we are protecting the environment. In June 2019, our goal was certified as a Science Based Target. In addition, as one way to deal with risk involving climate change, we have changed the basis of our CO2 reduc- tion target from emission intensity to the absolute volume of emissions. We plan to lower our emission volume while continuing to perform intensity-based emission management as well.
• Support for mobile cinema activities in Mexico, Cambodia and Bangladesh
• Provision of a projector, illumination equipment and other supplies for the projection mapping project of Onagawa-cho
junior high school students in Japan’s Miyagi Prefecture
• At a movie theater in Himeji, where Ushio was founded, Ushio holds a variety of attractions concerning imaging at a
movie theater and brings children living at facilities with few opportunities to see movies to the theater.
          Medium and Long-term GHG Emission Reduction Target
SCOPE 1+2 21% reduction from the FY2017 level by 2030
SCOPE 3 Category 11 (use of products) reduction of 21% from the FY2017 level by 2030
For SCOPE 1 + 2 emissions, in addition to cooperating with CO2 emission reduction measures of individual countries, Ushio Group factories are installing solar power equipment and taking into consideration CO2 emissions and other environmental factors in addition to the cost when selecting providers of electricity. We plan to use these measures to reach the target for 2030.
For SCOPE 3 category 11 emissions, we plan to cut total CO2 emissions by increasing sales of environmentally responsible products.
40 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 41

         Sustainable Management
Human Resources Management
Human Resource Vision
“A Vibrant Group that Creates Joy and Wonder”
accomplish goals as well as create value.
To shift the emphasis from evaluations without purpose
to evaluations that enable people to enhance their skills, we began holding Human Resources Interaction Meet- ings. Managers participate in these meetings in order to ensure that the same perspective and standards are used for personnel assessments. These gatherings are
Activities (2) Employee Training Programs
also an opportunity for discussions about the strengths and issues of people and goals for training and career advancement programs.
In addition, we provide assistance for giving employees more potential pathways for advancement by enabling them to determine their career directions and objectives and then set targets in order to move forward.
 People are vital for Ushio Inc’s ability to achieve sus- tained growth. Part of our corporate philosophy is “Build both a prosperous Company and prosperous employees..” Accomplishing this goal requires the con- stant creation of new value. Moreover, we believe that there are two critical sources of the energy needed to provide new value. We believe that there are two sources of new value: the joy that arises from resolving the issues of society and customers to enhance peo- ple’s lives, and the wonder we experience when we achieve something that has not been able to be achieved previously, which only we can achieve using our own technologies and proposals.
Ideal Human Resources at Ushio Inc.
One more component of our human resources vision is the goal of being an organization where everyone works as a unified team with the same objective. We want all our people to have jobs that are challenging and reward- ing and to have a sense of advancing their skills and careers.
With this vision in mind, we ask everyone at the Ushio Inc. “to be ambitious, respect people with different values, and work as a team of professionals who are always working together and accepting new challenges.” Com- bining this stance with a well-structured framework for managing our people will enable us to build an even stron- ger foundation for our business operations and growth.
Ushio Inc. has training and skill advancement programs for the development of individuals who will become the next generation of senior managers. Training gives people an understanding of the corporate culture and the importance of innovation in order to achieve sustained growth.
      Professionals who have aspirations and passion, respect diverse values and continue to cooperate and take on challenges.
Training of Management Personnel
We select people who have the potential to advance to management positions. Our selections place emphasis on the ability to create a vision, accept risk, make deci- sions, earn profits, have a strong commitment to com- pleting tasks, and maintain high ethical standards. These individuals undergo training in accordance with a care- fully structured plan, and their performance is evaluated in order to enable them to make constant progress toward specific objectives.
Senior executives participate in an annual Company- wide human resources sharing meeting and review the progress and the human resources development plan.
Development of Global Business Skills
Ushio Inc. uses an overseas study program and trainee program to give people the knowledge and skills neces- sary to perform important roles in business operations on a global scale. For overseas study, employees can apply for the opportunity to undertake education in other coun- tries to learn advanced professional skills. The trainee program provides people with experience at overseas Ushio Group companies to enable them to make a sig- nificant contribution to the group’s operations.
We have launched a project for improving the ability of our people to speak English for the purpose of increasing global communication skills. We give teams the opportu- nity to study English. Using this approach improves the English of individuals and fosters a strong sense of team- work while learning English.
The Young Executive Program
Ushio Group employees in their 20s and 30s who are self-selected or selected by others participate in an 18-month program where they aim to acquire aspirations and passion, the ability to formulate strategies, the ability to get things done, and responsiveness on a global basis. The program is structured to increase their sense of dedication and ability to formulate strategies, translate ideas into actions, and be successful in international business.The training includes lessons provided by Ushio executives and external management and other professionals.
By undergoing this program, people gain a broader, sharper perspective and more insight into their own capabilities and goals. Participants also have the oppor- tunity to think about the characteristics of effective lead- ers. Action planning is another part of this training.
Participants learn about submitting ideas to manage- ment, altering an organization and instigating reforms.
Activities (1) The Goal Evaluation System
The U&I Growth (UIG) Cycle
In April 2018, we revised our goal evaluation system in order to create a framework that would be better suited to achieving the advancement of our business operations and our people. Because our purpose is not only achiev- ing goals but also producing value, we have changed
Manager
Member
goal setting to setting goals based on a mission (expec- tations of contribution) and evaluation criterion to the degree of contribution in consideration of roles and quali- fications. Making these changes has resulted in the U&I (“Ushio” and “I”) growth cycle – a system that aims to
    Goal setting (beginning of the year)
Growth and purpose of life
Everyday process (during the period)
Growth and purpose of life
Everyday process (during the period)
 Share direction
and set goals / Supporting the study of career visions
Careful follow-up
and coaching through Support for reflection
dialogue and growth
Growth and purpose of life
 Independent goals
and career vision / Setting growth targets
Continuous practice
and course corrections Looking back to the future
(flexible change)
   42 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 43

         Sustainable Management
Diversity
Ushio Inc. promotes diversity as a management strategy to continue to produce new value and grow sustainably. The entire company, including all employees as well as the human resources department and management,
Basic Policies for Diversity
works to develop an optimum culture and an optimum system in every workplace to achieve diversity in terms of age, gender, and nationality, among other attributes, and utilize diverse experience, capabilities and values.
Global Recruiting Activities
For many years, Ushio Inc. has hired foreign nationals, including foreign residents in Japan and foreign students studying in Japan. In FY2018, it began hiring new gradu- ates of foreign nationalities. Starting in the fiscal year that ended in March 2019, we have also been conducting recruitment programs for hiring people in other countries who have recently completed a college degree or other education.
In addition, we have a follow-up program to support
Support for Work and Healthcare
Ushio Inc. has a program that gives people time off in the event of an illness, accident or other health problem. Providing this assistance allows them to retain their jobs while concentrating their energy on regaining their health.
When an individual returns to work, an industrial
new foreign employees and are strengthening this pro- gram. Our support allows people with little knowledge of Japanese culture to work at Ushio Inc. for many years with confidence while performing challenging and rewarding jobs.
We will continue to recruit people with a diverse range of backgrounds, including nationalities, as we maintain a workforce of individuals who are consistent with the principles and goals of Ushio Inc..
    Jo Seongmok
Mechanical Design Section, System Solution Division, Ushio Inc.
When I was a student, I wanted to find a job that would enable me to test what I design. I am glad that I have found that kind of job.
Living in Japan was difficult at times. But I enjoy my job because of the support of my supervisors and coworkers who treat me kindly, viewing me no differently because I am a foreigner. This makes me happy that I am working in Japan.
My greatest strengths are that I enjoy my job and I am Korean. I will utilize these strengths to serve customers in Korea by using my extensive knowl- edge of Ushio products to identify their needs and supply the necessary products.
In the future, I would like to contribute to improving quality by improving devices and developing new devices, using my experience.
Ushio Inc. allows us to take on challenges regardless of our length of service and experience if we have passion and make efforts. I feel that the company is worker-friendly.
Hierarchical relationships are not very strong, and young employees’ opinions are listened to. I think that Ushio Inc. has open workplaces.
To become a developer who thinks and acts proactively, I aim to become a leader in the development of new devices by gathering information proactively instead of waiting for information from customers and market information from the sales department and other sources.
    Lee Sungryong
Software & Electronic Design Section 1, System Solution Division, Ushio Inc.
   1. Maintain a culture and a framework that respect people who have a broad range of values.
2. Place priority on customization that utilizes the power of individuals and organiza- tions rather than on a single approach for the entire company.
Activities
Diversity Education Seminars
We invited outside lecturers and held a seminar to ensure that each employee understood the significance of promoting diversity. About 1,000 employees participated and thought actively about their future.
Following the lecture, we will strive to develop a culture of promoting diversity.
Job Resumption Program
We launched this program in November 2015 in order to allow people who have resigned to care for a child or parent or for some other reason to return to Ushio Inc.. Rehiring people who have resigned for personal or other reasons makes it possible to continue using their knowl- edge. These experienced people can immediately make a meaningful contribution to business operations.
Work style reform
(Flexible Time and Working from Home)
The increasing diversity of business activities, workplaces and employees is creating a greater need for more flexibility in how people do their jobs. The objective is to fully utilize the power of individuals and the organization. This is why Ushio Inc. has a flexible working time system and launched a system that allows people to work from home in January 2019. Ushio Inc. has introduced a flextime system and also introduced a telework system in January 2019 to create a work environment that offers an autonomous and efficient way of working.
physician, human resources personnel, supervisors and others ensure that the return takes place properly by creating a plan tailored to the requirements of each person.
         44 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 45
Judgment of returnability by the attending physician
Judgment of return propriety
HR / boss consults with industrial physician
Creating a return support plan
Determining the final return to work
Follow-up after returning to work

         Sustainable Management
Corporate Governance Directors (as of June 27, 2019)
        Mar. 1964 Apr. 1979
Jiro Ushio
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Established USHIO INC. and served as President and Chief Executive Officer
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (incumbent)
Apr. 1986 Apr. 2014 Oct. 2014
Apr. 2015
Apr. 2016 Apr. 2019 Jun. 2019
Koji Naito
President and Chief Executive Officer
Joined USHIO INC.
General Manager, Business Division III
Executive Officer
Deputy General Manager, Light Source Business Division and General Manager, Sales Division, Light Source Business Division Senior Executive Officer
General Manager, Light Source Business Division
Managing Executive Officer
Chief Executive Officer
President and Chief Executive Officer (incumbent)
Shiro Ushio
Director and Managing Executive Officer
Joined USHIO U-TECH, INC. (currently, USHIO LIGHTING, INC.) Director, USHIO U-TECH, INC.
Executive Director, USHIO U-TECH, INC.
President and Chief Operating Officer, USHIO U-TECH, INC. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, USHIO LIGHTING, INC. Group Senior Executive Officer
Director and Managing Executive Officer
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, USHIO LIGHTING, INC. (incumbent)
Director and Group Managing Executive Officer
Director and Managing Executive Officer (incumbent)
Nobuyuki Kobayashi
Director (a Full-time Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Joined USHIO INC.
Executive Officer
Senior Executive Officer
General Manager, Corporate Management Division
General Manager, Business Planning Department, Corporate Management Division
Director and Managing Executive Officer
General Manager, Corporate Management Division
In charge of Corporate Headquarters
Director (a Full-time Audit & Supervisory Committee Member) (incumbent)
Outside directors 6
Apr. 1967 Jun. 1991 Sep. 1995 Oct. 1997 Apr. 1999
Jun. 2004 Jun. 2008 Jun. 2012 Jun. 2014
Jun. 1980 Sep. 1987 Aug. 1991 May 1995 Sep. 2000
Jul. 2001 May 2009 Jul. 2010
May 2012 Jun. 2016 Jun. 2019
Apr. 1974 Jun. 2003 Apr. 2010
Oct. 2010 Jun. 2012
Apr. 2014
Jun. 2014 Jun. 2016
Yoshinari Hara
Outside Director
Joined Daiwa Securities Co., Ltd.
Director, Daiwa Securities Co., Ltd.
Managing Director, Daiwa Securities Co., Ltd.
President and Representative Director, Daiwa Securities Co., Ltd. President and Representative Director and CEO, Daiwa Securities Group Inc.
President and Representative Director, Daiwa Securities Co., Ltd. Chairman of the Board and Director, Daiwa Securities Group Inc. Chief Corporate Advisor, Daiwa Securities Group Inc.
Honorary Advisor, Daiwa Securities Group Inc. (incumbent) Outside Director (incumbent)
Sakie T. Fukushima
Outside Director
Joined Braxton International
Joined Bain & Company, Inc.
Joined Korn/Ferry International-Japan
Director, Korn/Ferry International
Regional Managing Director, Korn/Ferry International-Japan President and Representative Director, Korn/Ferry International-Japan
Chairman & Representative Director, Korn/Ferry International-Japan
President & Representative Director, G&S Global Advisors Inc. (incumbent)
Outside Director, J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd. (incumbent) Outside Director (incumbent)
Outside Director, KONICA MINOLTA, INC. (incumbent)
Masanori Yoneda
Outside Director (an Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Joined The Dowa Fire and Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. (currently, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.)
Director, Nissay Dowa General Insurance Co., Ltd. (currently, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.)
Director and Vice President Executive Officer, Nissay Dowa General Insurance Co., Ltd.
Director and Executive Officer, MS&AD Insurance Group Hold- ings, Inc.
Director and Vice President Executive Officer, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
Representative Director and Vice President Executive Officer, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
Representative Director and Executive Officer, MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
Corporate Advisor, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. Representative Director, MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Outside Director (an Audit & Supervisory Committee Member) (incumbent)
Apr. 1979
Apr. 1982 Sep. 1985 Nov. 1989
Mar. 2006 Jan. 2007 Mar. 2011
Jun. 2015 Jul. 2015 Apr. 2016
Apr. 1976 Jul. 2003 Jul. 2007 Jul. 2008
Jan. 2010 Apr. 2013
Apr. 2016 Jun. 2019
Yasufumi Kanemaru
Outside Director
Joined TKC Corporation
Joined Logic Systems International, Inc.
Director, NTT PC Communications Incorporated
Established Future System Consulting Corp. (currently Future Corporation) and served as President and Chief Executive Officer Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Future System Consulting Corp.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Future Architect, Inc. (currently Future Corporation)
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Future Archi- tect, Inc.
Outside Director (incumbent)
Chairman, Future Architect, Inc.
Chairman, President and Group Chief Executive Officer, Future Corporation (incumbent)
Chairman, Future Architect, Inc. (incumbent)
Toyonari Sasaki
Outside Director
Joined the Ministry of Finance
Deputy Director, General of the Budget Bureau
First Deputy Commissioner, National Tax Agency
Director, General of the Financial Bureau
Assistant Chief Cabinet Secretary, Cabinet Secretariat
Chief Domestic Coordinator, Governmental Headquarters for the Trans-Pacific Strategic Economic Partnership Agreement (TPP), Cabinet Secretariat
Vice Chairman, the Life Insurance Association of Japan (incumbent)
Outside Director (incumbent)
Nobuyoshi Yamaguchi
Outside Director (an Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Joined The Kyowa Bank, Ltd. (currently Resona Bank, Ltd.) Executive Officer, Resona Bank, Ltd.
Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer, Resona Bank, Ltd.
Representative Director, Resona Card Co., Ltd.
Outside Director, NAKABAYASHI CO., LTD. (incumbent) Senior Director, TOKYO KANTEI Co., Ltd.
Outside Director, S·K·I. CORPORATION (currently Sakai Holdings Co., Ltd.) (incumbent)
Outside Director (an Audit & Supervisor Committee Member) (incumbent)
Outside directors 2
        Apr. 1986 Apr. 2011
Oct. 2014
Feb. 2015
Apr. 2015
Nov. 2016 Apr. 2017 Apr. 2018 Apr. 2019
May 2019 Jun. 2019
Sep. 1995 Nov. 2013
Apr. 2016
Apr. 2018 Jul. 2018
Apr. 2019
Jun. 2019
Naoki Kawamura
Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer
Joined USHIO INC.
General Manager, Optical System Business Unit, Business Division II
Deputy General Manager, Biomedical Division and General Manager, Sales Division, Biomedical Division
General Manager, Biomedical Division and General Manager, Sales Division, Biomedical Division
Executive Officer
General Manager, Biomedical Division
General Manager, System Solution Division
Senior Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Senior Managing Executive Officer
General Manager, Business Management Headquarters and General Manager, System Solution Division, Business Manage- ment Headquarters (incumbent)
General Manager, Business Development Division, Business Management Headquarters
Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer (incumbent)
Kazuhisa Kamiyama
Director and Group Senior Executive Officer
Joined USHIO INC.
General Manager, Corporate Planning Department, Corporate Management Division
Executive Officer
General Manager, Corporate Headquarters and General Man- ager, Corporate Strategy Division, Corporate Headquarters General Manager, Corporate Headquarters
Group Executive Officer
Chief Financial Officer, CHRISTIE DIGITAL SYSTEMS INC. Group Senior Executive Officer
President, CHRISTIE DIGITAL SYSTEMS INC. (incumbent) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, CHRISTIE DIGITAL SYSTEMS USA, INC. (incumbent)
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, CHRISTIE DIGITAL SYSTEMS CANADA INC. (incumbent)
Director and Group Senior Executive Officer (incumbent)
Internal directors 6
Apr. 1991 Jun. 1991 Apr. 1992 Feb. 1996 Apr. 2004
Mar. 2005 Apr. 2010
Jun. 2010
        Apr. 1982 Apr. 2007 Jul. 2011 Apr. 2013
Jun. 2013 Apr. 2014 Apr. 2016 Jun. 2016
Board of Directors
Apr. Jun. Jun.
Apr. Jun. Apr. Dec.
Jun.
1977 2003 2010
2013 2014 2015 2015
2016
  Internal director 1
Audit & Supervisory Committee
 46 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 47
(including 1 female)

         Sustainable Management
Ushio Inc. recognizes that realizing the vision set forth in its Management Philosophy, and promot- ing the sustainable growth of Ushio Inc. and increasing corporate value over the medium to long term, will bring satisfaction to all stakeholders. To achieve this goal, Ushio Inc. strives to ensure the transparency and efficiency of corporate management and to reinforce corporate governance to realize speedy and resolute decision-making.
Remuneration Advisory Committee, as advisors to the representative directors and the Board of Directors, con- sist of advice and recommendations concerning the structure and level of remuneration for directors, evalua- tions of the contributions of individual directors to busi- ness performance, and nominations of director candidates. All the members of the Nomination and
Audits
Audits by the Audit & Supervisory Committee
The Audit & Supervisory Committee comprises three members, including one Full-time Audit & Supervisory Committee member, and has been established to over- see the directors’ performance of duties.
Internal Audits
The internal audit department performs on-site audits to check the appropriateness of operational controls and procedures. The department submits an annual audit plan to the Audit & Supervisory Committee and explains
Remuneration Advisory Committee are directors: Jiro Ushio, Koji Naito, Yoshinari Hara (outside director), Yasu- fumi Kanemaru (outside director), Sakie T. Fukushima (outside director) and Masanori Yoneda (outside director). The committee is chaired by Yoshinari Hara (outside director).
its specific auditing policies. It also reports as necessary to the committee on the results of internal audits.
The Accounting Auditor submits an annual audit plan to the Audit & Supervisory Committee and explains its specific auditing policies. It also prepares summary reports for the quarterly and year-end reviews and accounting audits.
The Audit & Supervisory Committee, internal audit department and Accounting Auditor exchange informa- tion and opinions and cooperate with each other.
Corporate Governance System
Ushio utilizes the Company with Audit & Supervisory Committee system.
This system has been fostering prompt decision-mak- ing by delegating decisions for certain important busi- ness matters from the Board of Directors to the executive directors. It has also strengthened the supervisory func- tion of the Board of Directors by ensuring that most of its members are outside directors. The system has also been reinforcing audit & supervisory functions by having established an Audit & Supervisory Committee with the authority to assess the legality and validity of board members in performing their duties.
Furthermore, there is a Nomination and Remuneration Advisory Committee for the purpose of ensuring the fairness and appropriateness of the nominations and remuneration of directors.
The Board of Directors comprises twelve directors. Nine are not Audit & Supervisory Committee members (including four outside directors), and three are Audit & Supervisory Committee members (including two outside
Ushio INC.’s Internal Control Framework
directors). The Board of Directors makes decisions on top priority issues, including basic management policies, and oversees business execution. Delegating decisions on the execution of certain important operations to direc- tors who manage these operations has accelerated decision-making. At the same time, the executive officer system has led to more accurate and prompt business execution. In addition, Ushio Inc. established the Execu- tive Council and Group Coordination Council to discuss and report on business execution priorities.
The Audit & Supervisory Committee audits and over- sees the directors’ performance of duties in line with its own audit and supervising standards. Ushio Inc. appointed a Full-time Audit & Supervisory Committee member to enhance the efficacy of audits by collecting information from directors (excluding those who are also Audit & Supervisory Committee members) and employ- ees and coordinating smoothly with the internal audit department and Accounting Auditor.
Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
       The responsibilities of the Nomination and
Ushio Inc. conducts questionnaires and interviews regarding individual directors concerning the composition of the Board of Directors, the status of operations, mat- ters discussed and more, and analyzes and evaluates the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. As a result of the analysis and evaluations conducted in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the Company judges that the
Stance on Corporate Governance Code
Ushio Inc. is implementing its corporate governance in line with all the principles of the Corporate Governance Code of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
Compliance
Ushio Inc. has established “10 Action Guidelines” to define standards for behavior that require everyone at the Group to comply with laws, regulations, the Articles of Incorporation, and Management Philosophy. The Compli- ance Committee is responsible for ensuring that employ- ees observe these guidelines. The Business Auditing Department and Compliance Committee jointly perform audits to monitor the status of compliance and submit audit reports as necessary to the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Committee. Furthermore,
effectiveness of the Board of Directors has been gener- ally secured. At the same time, Ushio Inc. will continue to reinforce discussion about improvement of management strategies, medium-term management plan, and man- agement issues, and it has been confirmed and shared by the Board of Directors. Ushio Inc. will continue to work on these improvements.
See the “Corporate Governance Report” on the Ushio corporate website for more details.
information involving the performance of directors’ duties is recorded, stored, and managed, in documentary and electronic formats. This enables the directors and Audit & Supervisory Committee members to view the information at any time and take timely and appropriate action as required. To reinforce awareness of the importance of compliance, all Group companies use Ushio Inc.’s stan- dards for behavior and other guidelines and the internal audit department performs audits of the Group companies.
 Election and dismissal
Election and dismissal
Auditing
Election and dismissal
Reporting
General Meeting of Shareholders
    Three directors who are Audit &
Supervisory Committee Audit &
Members Supervisory Committee
(including two outside directors)
Accounting Auditor
        Election and consult
Consult
Report
Report
Auditing Reporting
Cooperation
Cooperation
  48
Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 49
Supervision
Nine directors who are not Audit & Supervisory Committee Members (including four outside directors)
Appointments and removals Supervision
Nomination and Remuneration Advisory Committee
  Business Auditing Department (including evaluation if the onternal controll system)
     Instruction and supervision
Instruction and supervision
Reporting about important matters
Reporting about important matters
Submitting policy proposals and plans
Authorization of policy proposals and plans
Board of Directors
Representive Directors
Risk Management Office (including security export)
 Compliance Committee Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
 Executive Council Group Coordination Council
  Divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates

         Status of Outside Directors (as of June 27, 2019)
Yoshinari Hara
Yasufumi Kanemaru
Sakie T. Fukushima
Toyonari Sasaki
Masanori Yoneda
Nobuyoshi Yamaguchi
Directors’ Remuneration
The remuneration for directors (excluding directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members or outside directors) comprises fixed monetary compensation, per- formance-linked monetary compensation and perfor- mance-linked stock compensation. The remuneration for outside directors and directors who are Audit & Supervi- sory Committee members is solely fixed monetary compensation.
Ushio Inc. has established a Nomination and Remu- neration Advisory Committee whose chairperson and the majority of members are outside directors. The commit- tee deliberates the structure and level of remuneration for directors and the evaluation of the performance of each director. The structure and level of remuneration (the structure and level of performance-linked monetary and stock compensation and fixed monetary compensation) are determined on the basis of the levels of remuneration for directors of other companies in the same industry or of the same size based on surveys conducted by exter- nal research institutions that are used for reference.
The decision on remuneration for directors (excluding directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee mem- bers) is made through resolutions of the Board of
For performance-linked stock compensation, shares of Ushio Inc. are acquired through the trust using the money, which is equivalent to the remuneration for direc- tors, contributed by Ushio Inc. In order to increase the motivation to contribute to the growth of corporate value, shares are provided to directors based on their position and the degree of accomplishment of business
performance, etc. in the previous fiscal year. The evalua- tion of their degree of accomplishment of business per- formance is based on consolidated operating profit and ROE. The proportion of performance-linked stock com- pensation (converted to a monetary value at the time of the company’s contribution to the trust) is limited to no more than approximately 25% of total remuneration.
    Name
Audit & Supervisory Committee
Independent Director
Reasons for electing as a Director
Attendance of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
Board of Directors
Audit & Supervisory Committee
  Mr. Yoshinari Hara possesses a wealth of experience as a manager in a securities company and a deep knowledge of the capital markets.
   Mr. Yasufumi Kanemaru has extensive experience and pro- found knowledge from his career as the founder and manager of a telecommunications and IT consulting company.
   Ms. Sakie T. Fukushima has acquired great insight into mat- ters relating to human resources from a global perspective, and also has a wealth of knowledge and experience regard- ing international corporate management.
   Mr. Toyonari Sasaki has abundant experience and a deep knowledge of developments in global business such as the promotion of free trade.
   Mr. Masanori Yoneda has a wide range of advanced insights and extensive experience obtained from his career as a manager in an insurance company.
   Mr. Nobuyoshi Yamaguchi brings broad-based and high-level insights as well as extensive experience as a manager in (a) financial institution(s).
    8/8 –
8/8 –
8/8 –
– –
8/8 14/14
8/8 14/14
Directors following deliberation by the Nomination and Remuneration Advisory Committee. The decision on remuneration for directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members is made through discussions among directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members.
Performance-linked monetary compensation is intended to provide a stronger link between each direc- tor’s performance and compensation. The goal is to increase their motivation to improve business perfor- mance and increase corporate value. This compensation is determined on the basis of an evaluation of consoli- dated performance, divisional performance and the per- formance of duties for the previous fiscal year. The consolidated performance evaluation uses consolidated operating profit and profit attributable to owners of the parent as the key indicators. The divisional performance evaluation uses the operating profit of the division that each director oversees. The proportion of performance- linked monetary compensation is limited to no more than approximately 33% of total remuneration. This is paid as a fixed monthly amount during the following fiscal year along with the fixed monetary compensation.
Total Remuneration for Director Categories, Total Amount by Type of Remuneration, and Number of Eligible Directors
        Director category
 Total amount of remuneration (million ¥)
 Total amount by type of remuneration (million ¥)
 Number of eligible directors
 Fixed compensation (monetary compensation)
 Performance-linked compensation (monetary compensation)
 Performance-linked compensation (stock)
     Directors (excluding directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members or outside directors)
Directors (Audit & Supervisory Committee members)
(excluding outside directors)
Outside directors
263 160 73
27 27 –
44 44 –
29 4
– 1
– 7
              (Note 1) Performance-linked compensation (stock) is the amount recorded as expenses in the fiscal year ended March 2019 according to Japanese GAAP.
(Note 2) At the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 29, 2016, shareholders approved a resolution to limit the remunerations for directors (excluding directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members) to ¥540 million per year (of which the portion for outside directors is up to ¥84 million). In addition, the Articles of Incorporation limit
the number of directors (excluding directors who are Audit &Supervisory Committee members) to 12.
(Note 3) At the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 29, 2016, shareholders approved a resolution to limit the remunerations for directors who are Audit & Supervisory
Committee members to ¥84 million. The Articles of Incorporation limit the number of directors who are members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee to five.
(Note 4) The stock compensation system for executives was established by resolutions passed at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 26, 2015 and the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 29, 2016. Directors (excluding directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members and outside directors) and executive officers who have entered into an engagement agreement with the Company (excluding non-residents of Japan) are eligible to receive this compensation. During the three consecutive years (initially, the three fiscal years starting from the fiscal year that ends on March 31, 2016 up to the end of March 31, 2018), a maximum of ¥620 million is contributed to the stock compensation trust and the trust acquires up to 330,000 shares of the Company’s stock. Eligible individuals can receive up to 110,000 points per year (one point is equivalent to one share of the Company’s shares). On June 28, 2018, the Board of Directors approved a resolution to extend this plan to include the three
fiscal years ending on March 31, 2021.
(Note 5) Remuneration for directors (excluding directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 is determined by the representative
director. However, these remuneration decisions must reflect the discussions of the Board of Directors that, in turn, take into consideration the deliberations of the Remuneration Advisory Committee regarding the structure and level of remuneration and the evaluation of the performance of individual directors. Remuneration for directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members is determined by discussions among directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members.
(Note 6) The target indicators for evaluations related to performance-linked monetary compensation for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 are consolidated operating profit of ¥12.5 billion and profit attributable to owners of parent of ¥11.5 billion. The actual results were consolidated operating profit of ¥8.5 billion and profit attributable to owners of parent of ¥11.3 billion. The target indicators for performance-linked stock compensation were consolidated operating profit of ¥12.5 billion and ROE of 5.0%, and the actual results were consolidated operating profit of ¥8.5 billion and ROE of 5.3%.
    50 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 51

 Financial Data
  Earnings Data
Net sales (millions of yen)
Cost of sales (millions of yen)
Gross profit (millions of yen)
Selling, general and administrative expenses (millions of yen) Operating income (millions of yen)
Ordinary income (millions of yen)
Profit attributable to owners of parent (millions of yen) Operating margin (%)
Ordinary margin (%)
Net margin (%)
Dividends/Per Share Data
Net income per share (yen)
Net assets per share (yen) Total dividends (millions of yen) Dividends per share (yen) Payout ratio(%)
Ratio of dividends to net asset(%)
Balance Sheet Data
Total assets (millions of yen)
Current assets (millions of yen)
Property, plant and equipment, net (millions of yen) Investments and other assets (millions of yen) Current liabilities (millions of yen)
Interest-bearing debt (millions of yen)
Net assets (millions of yen)
Shareholders’ equity (millions of yen)
Total assets turnover ratio (times)
Current ratio (%)
Equity ratio (%)
ROE (%)
ROA (%)
Interest coverage ratio (times)
D/E ratio (%)
Fixed assets to long-term capital ratio (%)
Cash Flow Data
Cash flows from operating activities (millions of yen) Depreciation and amortization (millions of yen) Cash flows from investing activities (millions of yen) Cash flows from financing activities (millions of yen) Free cash flow (millions of yen)
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (millions of yen) Cash and cash equivalents at end of year (millions of yen)
Debt repayment ratio (years)
Depreciation to sales ratio (%)
Mar. 2017
172,840 112,383 60,456 51,854 8,602 11,001 7,042 5.0 6.4 4.1
55.06 1,664 3,329
26.0 47.2 1.6
308,430 180,334 44,809 74,062 54,592 27,771 213,289 185,658 0.57 330.3 68.9 3.3 2.3 41.9 15.0 56.6
Mar. 2018
173,497 111,350 62,146 51,995 10,151 12,050 11,001 5.9 6.9 6.3
86.11 1,683 3,329
26.0 30.2 1.6
305,303 184,940 41,578 72,473 54,174 26,823 215,306 193,332 0.57 341.4 70.4 5.1 3.6 26.5 13.9 52.5
Mar. 2019
165,138 106,611 58,526 50,008 8,517 11,439 11,326 5.2 6.9 6.9
88.85 1,691 6,316
50.0 56.3 3.0
306,628 200,119 43,050 58,815 69,572 28,938 213,254 199,408 0.54 287.6 69.5 5.3 3.7 15.1 14.5 47.7
8,853 6,775 2,719 (3,916)
11,572 8,586 74,622 3.3 4.1
Mar. 2009
120,846 81,644 39,202 30,238
8,963 9,991 3,481
7.4 8.3 2.9
25.76 1,084 2,671
20.0 77.7 1.8
184,401 102,706 36,850 42,303 26,744 11,122 145,774 144,250 0.60 384.0 78.5 2.3 1.7 31.7 7.7 52.3
11,873 6,280 (3,194)
(7,588) 8,679 (371) 27,329 0.9 5.2
Mar. 2010
119,079 82,666 36,413 29,150
7,262 9,290 7,071
6.1 7.8 5.9
52.95 1,162 2,670
20.0 37.8 1.8
202,119 112,722 36,151 50,217 32,035 9,122 156,685 148,643 0.62 351.9 76.8 4.7 3.7 77.1 6.1 55.2
18,999 6,219 (12,714)
(4,760) 6,285 1,265
28,595 0.5 5.2
Mar. 2011
145,125 96,962 48,163 34,129 14,034 17,362
9,577 9.7 12.0 6.6
71.72 1,169 2,937
22.0 30.7 1.9
217,292 130,730 36,457 47,064 41,458 12,283 157,867 155,544 0.69 315.3 71.9 6.2 4.6 39.3 7.9 49.9
8,390
6,476 (1,679) 1,081 6,711 6,359
34,954 1.5 4.5
Mar. 2012
150,087 101,635 48,451 37,755 10,696 13,112 8,748 7.1 8.7 5.8
66.26 1,212 2,884
22.0 33.2 1.8
224,412 143,120 37,827 39,564 40,634 12,864 162,048 158,341 0.68 352.2 70.8 5.6 3.9 61.1 8.1 45.1
12,382 7,139 1,911
(7,615) 14,293 6,630 41,585 1.0 4.8
Mar. 2013
143,461 95,196 48,264 40,682
7,582 10,539 7,155 5.3 7.3 5.0
54.57 1,324 2,884
22.0 40.3 1.7
228,657 140,646 36,776 48,371 37,950 9,427 176,784 162,609 0.63 370.6 75.9 4.3 3.2 68.5 5.8 49.9
5,794
1,676 43,261 0.7 4.7
Mar. 2014
157,800 101,809 55,991 43,881 12,110 15,904 10,770 7.7 10.1 6.8
82.19 1,441 3,388
26.0 31.6 1.9
255,338 153,004 39,126 59,048 39,957 8,258 191,246 169,482 0.65 382.9 73.5 6.0 4.4 48.7 4.9 52.9
6,146
2,080 45,342 0.8 3.2
Thousands of U.S. dollars*1
Mar. 2019
1,487,864 960,522 527,311 450,566
76,745 103,068 102,045
5.2 6.9 6.9
$ 0.80 $ 15.23 56,915 $ 0.45 56.3 3.0
2,762,666 1,803,037 387,880 529,918 626,837 260,738 1,921,388 1,796,634 0.54 287.6 69.5 5.3 3.7 15.1 14.5 47.7
79,772 61,050 24,503 (35,290)
104,275 77,366 672,333 3.3 4.1
Mar. 2015
159,365 98,030 61,335 50,977 10,357 13,708 11,279
6.5 8.6 7.1
86.40 1,654 3,139
24.0 27.8 1.5
294,542 178,774 40,014 68,655 44,886 14,063 218,723 178,891 0.57 398.3 73.3 5.6 4.0 51.0 7.9 55.2
9,876
5,919 (7,092) (6,670) 1,210
Mar. 2016
179,121 110,717 68,403 55,273 13,130 14,633 11,105 7.3 8.2 6.2
85.83 1,622 3,353
26.0 30.3 1.6
294,525 170,173 42,310 71,256 49,463 14,512 211,296 183,057 0.61 344.0 70.9 5.2 3.8 48.1 7.9 57.4
(7,849) 6,864 (3,613) 1,664 (2,630) 19,889 (9,176) 3,161 15,061 47,813 50,974 66,035 1.2 2.2 1.7 3.6 3.8 3.9
       15,567 6,790 (8,649) (4,476) (3,710) (10,367) (15,254) 4,322
14,443 6,741
10,622 5,021
12,031 6,495
12,624 6,587
6,166 11,646 56,989
1.4 3.7
  Note: *1 U.S. dollar amounts are calculated, for convenience only, at the foreign exchange rate on March 31, 2019 of ¥110.99 to the U.S.$1.
52 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 53

 Non-financial Data
Consistency with International Initiatives
Mar. 2015
131,039 30,521
179,398 29,440 328,358 127 46 1,851 499 3,027 7,696 935 1,521,467
Mar. 2016
133,406 33,383
168,338 27,656 321,126 158 62 2,429 434 3,543 7,574 1,308 994,618
1,127 277 96 16.7
15.2
19 22
100
0.00 11
Mar.2017
144,971 35,210
188,505 28,132 372,805 164 46 2,675 441 3,802 8,281 1,337 1,509,281
1,213 296 100 17.5
12.0
22 22
95.50
0.00 12
Mar.2018 Mar. 2019 153,004 164,628
45,066 38,901 224,145 226,099 24,667 24,155 394,691 374,091 125 195 69 87 2,884 2,579 566 625 4,128 3,975 8,803 9,202 1,947 1,638 1,346,960 1,337,912
1,368 1,383 225 233 95 83 17.9 18.8
12.3 10.6
27 21 27 21
100 100
0.00 0.02 12 10
Relevant content in this booklet Page
G4-1~2
 Strategy and Analysis
 Message from the President Message from the Director
6、32、34
     415,928
456,607
483,208
486,231
473,730
Japan
Asia (excluding Japan) North america
Europe
Total
Japan
Asia (excluding Japan) North america
Europe
Total
Japan
Asia (excluding Japan) North america
Europe
Total
Japan
Asia (excluding Japan) North america
Europe
Total
Japan
Asia (excluding Japan) North america
Europe
Total
Consolidated
Financial and Non-financial Highlights/Main
Products by Segment/Global Activities/Non- 54、57 financial Highlight/Company Data
 G4-3~13
G4-17~23 G4-32 G4-42
G4-45~47 G4-49~50
G4-56~58
G4-EC5~EC6 G4-EC9
G4-EN29
G4-EN30 G4-EN31
G4-EN32~EN33 G4-EN34
G4-HR1~HR12 G4-PR1~PR9
Human rights
The Environment
Consumer issues
Human Rights
Environment
Organizational Profile
Identified Material Aspects and Boundaries
GRI Content Index
4、16、17、
 110,142
113,337
108,441
104,934
104,616
Energy (GJ)
Water (m3)
Total waste output (t)
GHG (CO2) emissions (t-CO2)
Number of employees
Three-year retention rate for new graduate recruits (%)
Average length of service (years)
Statutory monthly overtime hours (hours/employee)
Percentage of paid vacation days (%)
Number of maternity leaves taken
Number of childcare leaves taken
GRI General Standard Disclosures
Highest Governance Body's Role in Setting Purpose, Values, and Strategy
Highest Governance Body's Role in Risk Management
Highest Governance Body's Role in Evaluating Economic, Environmental and Social Performance
Market Presence Procurement Practices
Compliance
Overall
Environmental Grievance Mechanisms Human Rights
Product Responsibility
Due diligence and other issues
Prevention of pollution and other issues
Fair marketing, factual and unbiased information, fair contractual practices and other issues
Businesses should support and respect the protection of proclaimed human rights; and
make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses.
Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges;
undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility; and encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies.
Value Creation Mode/CSR Management/Human Resource Management
Consistency with International Initiatives
Roundtable Discussion with Outside Directors/ Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance
Outside Directors Discussion/Corporate Governance
Philosophy System / Management Philosophy / Compliance
Global Activities
Compliance
Climate Change / Financial and non-financial highlight
Respect for human rights Strengthen quality management
CSR Management
Human Resources Management
Financial and Non-financial Highlights/ Non-financial data
10 Action Guidelines as a Member of Society
10 Action Guidelines as a Member of Society / Human Rights
18、36、42 55 10、48
40、50 10、48
1、49
17
49
4、40、54
39 38
38 42
4、54
36
36、39
36
 G4-14~16
CSR
CSR Management/Consistency with International Initiatives
36、55
 687,630
736,733
771,830
789,235
781,875
   115,291
119,249
150,493
139,628
118,373
G4- 28~31
Report Profile
Editorial Policy
C2
  4,229
5,883
5,675
6,251
5,463
  G4-34~41
   520
865
679
637
697
 Highest Governance Body's Competencies and Performance Evaluation
Corporate Governance
49、50
 457
438
444
396
334
G-43, G4-44
  1,150
1,522
1,333
1,227
1,313
Highest Governance Body's Role in Sustainability Reporting
G4-48
   363
363
306
303
435
 SCOPE1
SCOPE2 SCOPE3
G4-51~55
 314
317
380
375
336
    18,372
22,250
22,715
22,429
20,135
G4-EC1~EC4
  1,919
2,943
2,845
2,593
2,579
  28,922
34,075
35,178
35,772
33,554
 G4-EN1~28
    2,460
2,596
2,572
2,463
2,480
Japan
Asia (excluding Japan)
North america
Europe 256 Total
Non-consoli-
dated
Non-consoli-
dated
GRI Specific Standard Disclosures
Transport
 1,066
13.5
28 Female 25
100
0.00 11
Environmentl
Issue 1~8
Issue 1~4
Issue 1~7
Issue 1 Issue 2
Issue 7 Issue 8 Issue 9
 1,758
1,886
1,882
1,791
1,607
 Supplier Environmental Assessment
 5,540
5,886
5,963
5,847
5,703
  Male 97 Female
Male 16.1 Female
100
88
100
83
100
  Society
Local community
41
G4-SO1~SO11
16.9
17.8
18.7
19.2
20.0
    68.3
72.8
74.0
71.1
72.8
used
Non-consolidated
Non-consolidated
Non-consolidated
Non-consoli- dated
Non-consolidated
Non-consolidated Non-consolidated Non-consolidated
  Labour practices
Issue 1~5
 Employment and employment relationships and other issues
  Local community
Human Resourcees Management
 41 42
  3
5
6
3
10
Male
 Labor Standards
Economic
Social
Remuneration and Incentives
Economic Performance
Indirect Economic Impacts
Corporate Governance
Financial and Non-financial Highlights/Global Activities/Financial Data
Value Creation Model
51
  G4-EC7~EC8
4、17、52
35
  Materials/ Energy/ Water/ Biodiversity/ Emissions/ Effluents and Waste/ Products and Services
Non-financial data
54
  G4-LA1~LA16
Labor Practices and Decent Work
Human Resourcees Management
42
  Organizational governance
Issue 1
Organizational governance
Corporate Governance
48
   0
0
0
2
0
Number of nursing care leaves taken Ratio of employees returning to work
after taking maternity and childcare
leaves (%)
Frequency of work-related accidents (%)
(Number of work-related injuries or deathsNon-consolidated ÷ Total number of work hours x 1 million)
Non-consolidated Non-consolidated
ISO26000
  Fair operating practices
Issue 1~5
 Anti-corruption and other issues
  10 Action Guidelines as a Member of Society
 36
  0.00
0.26
0.00
0.00
0.61
Community involvement and development
Issue 1~7
 Community involvement and other issues
  Community Activities
 41
  Severity of work-related accidents (%) (Number of lost work days ÷ Total number of work hours x 1,000) Number of patents held
Number of directots Number of outside directots
  1,339
1,425
1,514
1,532
1,454
    Issue 3
Issue 4 Issue 5 Issue 6
Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the rights to collective bargaining;
the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labor;
the effective abolition of child labor; and
the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.
  2
3
7(Female 1)
7(Female 1)
5(Female 1)
10 Action Guidelines as a Member of Society
36
  Notes:
∙ The scope of aggregation for energy consumed, water used, total waste output, Scope 1, and Scope 2 is the scope of consolidated environmental management formulated by
Ushio Inc..For details, please see the “Environmental Data” section of Ushio Inc.’s corporate website. https://www.ushio.co.jp/en/csr/eco/ecodata.html
∙ The scope of aggregation for Scope 3 differs by category. For details, please see the “Global Warming Mitigation” section of Ushio Inc.’s corporate website. https://www.ushio.
co.jp/en/csr/eco/effect.html
∙ The electric power to CO2 conversion factor uses the following: In Japan: Applied separately for each electricity provider based on actual results in FY16; Overseas: “CO2
Emissions from Fuel Combustion 2013” by the International Energy Agency (IEA)
∙ No greenhouse gases other than CO2 were emitted.
∙ The three-year retention rate for new graduate recruits represents the number of employees who reach their third year with the Company in April of the relevant fiscal year.
(Example: Data in the column for FY14 is based on the number of employees as of April 2014 who had joined the Company in 2011.)
United Nations Global Compact
    54 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 55
Anti-Corruption
Governance
Governance Structure and Composition
Corporate Governance
10 Action Guidelines as a Member of Society
48
  Issue 10
Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery.
10 Action Guidelines as a Member of Society
36
  
Stock Information
Corporate Data
Total number of shares issued Number of shareholders
Major Ten Shareholders
133,628,721 10,718
Established
Capital
Listed
Fiscal year
Ordinary general shareholders’ meeting Shareholder registry administrator
Divisions and Major Group Companies
March 1964
¥19,556,326,316
Tokyo Stock Exchange First Section From April 1 to March 31
Every June
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, LimitedName
Number of shares (1,000 shares)
Shareholding ratio(%)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
NORTHERN TRUST CO. (AVFC) RE SILCHESTER INTERNATIONAL INVESTORS INTERNATIONAL VALUE EQUITY TRUST
Resona Bank, Limited
NORTHERN TRUST CO. (AVFC) RE U.S. TAX EXEMPTED PENSION FUNDS
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
MUFG Bank, Ltd.
Asahi Mutual Life Insurance Co.
Jiro Ushio
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY 505001
10,658 8.43
6,798 5.38
6,319 5.00
5,726 4.53
5,058 4.00
4,274 3.38
4,248 3.36
3,305 2.61
2,636 2.08
2,583 2.04
Parent company
Japanese subsidiaries
Overseas subsidiaries North America
Europe Asia
Head Office Harima Division Gotemba Division Yokohama Division Osaka Branch Kawasaki Bio Lab
Chiyoda, Tokyo
Himeji, Hyogo Prefecture Gotemba, Shizuoka Prefecture Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture Osaka, Osaka Prefecture Kawasaki, Kanagawa Prefecture
              *In addition to the above, Ushio Inc. owns 7,288 thousand shares of treasury stock. These 7,288 thousand shares of treasury stock do not include 352 thousand shares of Ushio Inc.’s stock held in a trust account in connection with a stock remuneration plan for executives.
USHIO LIGHTING, INC.
XEBEX INC.
ADTEC Engineering Co., Ltd.
USHIO OPTO SEMICONDUCTORS, INC.
USHIO AMERICA, INC.
CHRISTIE DIGITAL SYSTEMS USA, INC. CHRISTIE DIGITAL SYSTEMS CANADA INC.
7 other companies
12 other companies
   Composition of Shareholders
Other Japanese Securities
Stock Price Movement and Stock Turnover
(¥) (Thousand shares)
1,750 21,000 1,500 18,000 1,250 15,000 1,000 12,000 750 9,000 500 6,000 250 3,000
00 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3
2017 2018 2019
USHIO EUROPE B.V.
BLV Licht-und Vakuumtechnik GmbH
USHIO HONG KONG LTD. USHIO TAIWAN, INC.
USHIO PHILIPPINES, INC. USHIO (SUZHOU) CO., LTD. USHIO ASIA PACIFIC PTE. LTD. USHIO KOREA, INC.
7 other companies
 companies
companies
 8.38% 1.37%
  Treasury stock
5.45% investors
Foreign
 39.32%
Financial institutions
36.43%
USHIO SHANGHAI, INC. USHIO SHENZHEN, INC.
14 other companies
                     Individuals and others
9.05%
        56 Ushio Report 2019
Ushio Report 2019 57