Adhesive-free Bio-functional Chip Using Photobonding® Technology
In recent years, highly accurate drugs based on the human genetic plat- form, such as molecular-targeted drugs and antibody agents, have been developed. In the preclinical stage (using animals), there are problems with issues concerning differences between animals and humans that prevent preclinical medicinal efficacy from being replicated in clinical trials. There is a need to improve the success rate of drug discovery in order to prevent large losses due to the failure of drug development projects. As a result, bio-functional chips (see below) (Organ-on-a-Chip) are attracting attention as a solution to this problem. Once bio-functional chips are put into practi- cal use, the accuracy and speed of drug efficacy evaluations in preclinical experiments will improve. Furthermore, experiments will consist of only human-derived cells. This will reduce the number of animal and clinical trials and significantly speed up the drug development process.
Ushio has developed a Photobonding® technique that uses the surface modification effect of vacuum ultraviolet radiation to directly bond two surfaces without an adhesive. This technology allows COP (see below) for bio-functional chips to be joined with no adhesives. The elimination of adhesives makes it possible to reproduce a more accurate biological system that is not influenced by adhesive substances on the chip.
Ushio wishes to contribute to improving access to pharmaceuticals for people around the world by improving the drug development process in order to reduce drug discovery expenses.
*1 Bio-functional chip (Organ-on-a-Chip)
This chip has extremely tiny channels for liquids on the surface that are formed by using microprocess technologies. Organ cells are then grown on the surface of the chip. The chip is capable of simulating human organ functions in a way that is not possible with conventional artificial organs and animal experiments. These chips are not yet used in actual experiments, but research is continu- ing worldwide with the goal of making this a revolutionary tool for the devel- opment of next-generation drugs.
*2 COP (Cyclo Olefin Polymer)
This is a type of plastic used for bio-functional chip materials. COP is considered to be the best material for bio-functional chips due to its high transparency, excellent observability and low drug absorption. However, only bonding using an organic solvent has been performed to date because of the difficulty of bonding COP. This creates a problem because the remainder of the organic solvent used for bonding has an effect on the cell culture.
    Makoto Yamanaka
Bioplate Technology Project, Ushio Inc.
The pace of medical development has been remarkable in recent years, and innovative treatment methods are appearing every day. Nevertheless, a lot more work is needed to overcome many diseases. I am very glad to be of assistance to a number of people involved in drug discovery and patients through this project. With this in mind, we are taking on the chal- lenge every day of providing products that meet the latest needs of phar- maceutical manufacturers.
I am determined to contribute to the advancement of medical care and the creation of a society where more people can lead healthy lives.