Five Important Issues
      Important Issue 1
Quality and Safety Management
Improving the quality of products and services offered by corporations will lead to meeting the needs of customers and society, earning trust and enhancing the value provided to society and related capital. To this end, DKS views quality from four perspectives: design and development, manufacturing, sales and customer service. We strive to improve quality in collaboration with customers and suppliers.Quality Control System
As a chemicals manufacturer, we are committed to the maintenance and improvement of product quality using ISO 9001 as a basic tool in our quality management system. We execute PDCA cycles to provide products and services that comply with customer requirements as well as with laws and regulations. We work on day-to-day activities such as
production control, corrective measures and preventive actions relative to nonconformities (such as complaints/abnormalities), audits, change control and training and devise improvements by conducting continuous reviews of the management system. While aiming to improve customer satisfaction, we are promoting the further integration of ISO and business activities.
QC System Diagram
Customer Support Department Delivery Group
Order/Shipping
Management Committee R&D Headquarters
R&D Departments
RC Promotion Conference
Quality Assurance (PL) Meeting Production Headquarters
QMS Committee
Employees Customers SocietyAs a chemical partner conveying the essence of high functionality for the future, we will provide customers with safer, higher-quality products that maximally contribute to the development of their business. To realize this, we engage in quality control using the PDCA cycle based on our fundamental quality assurance and quality policy in an effort to improve quality and customer satisfaction.
Fundamental Quality Assurance
1. We establish quality-related management standards for each department that cover the entire process, from product planning to customer service through design/development, manufacturing and sales. Through the appropriate operation of such standards, we strive to provide high-quality products that are safe and reliable, maintain and improve product quality and provide quality assurance for our customers.
2. To effectively bring about quality assurance functions throughout the entire Company, we establish and maintain a quality management system.
3. All our employees must observe this basic concept of quality assurance and carry out tasks in accordance with the Quality Assurance Management Regulations.
"DKS Quality Policy"
Quality Assurance/Quality Policy
         Sales Headquarters
Procurement Department
Raw materials procurement
Sales Departments
Customers
       Plants
Production Departments
Product Quality Review Meeting
Yokkaichi Branch Ohgata Branch Shiga Branch
 Quality Assurance Department
Quality management (supervision) Regulatory management
RC promotion activities
Quality Control Sections
                     Quality inspection
(raw materials, products) Certificate of analysis issuance
       Quality Assurance
We view QA as fundamental to our business, and as we keep our Quality Policy in mind, we continue to promote QA activities from product design/development, manufacturing and sales to customer service processes through the relevant departments of the Sales Headquarters, R&D Headquarters and Production Headquarters. With the Chairman CEO as the Chief Quality Assurance Officer, environment, safety and quality assurance staff raise quality assurance issues, have the authority to formulate and recommend solutions, and have overall responsibility for the quality management system. Led by the QA Department General Manager, the QA Department is tasked with taking the lead role in supervising quality assurance and in overall coordination between our departments, while attempting to establish and strengthen the QA system. In line with diversifying customer demands and heightened requirements for product quality from a social perspective, we remain committed to working to ensure product safety and quality, as well as trying to prevent quality-related issues before they arise.
QA System Diagram
 Chairman CEO
     Director i/c Environment, Safety & QA
Management Committee
Quality Assurance (PL) Meetings QMS Committee
          Sales Headquarters Executive General Manager
R&D Headquarters Executive General Manager
Production Headquarters Executive General Manager
     Customer Support Department General Manager
General Managers of Sales Departments
Procurement Department General Manager
Corporate R&D Department General Manager
R&D Department General Manager Elexcel R&D Department General Manager
Life Sciences Supervisory Department General Manager
Yokkaichi Branch General Manager Ohgata Branch General Manager Shiga Branch General Manager
Quality Assurance Department General Manager
 Managers of Quality Control Sections at the Yokkaichi, Ohgata and Shiga Branches
 28
DKS REPORT 2020
 
    Where Have We Come From,
Where Are We Going? How Should We Manage? Business Activities Report Data SectionProduct Safety (chemical substance management from design development)
We have in place a product development system based on our environmental and safety philosophy, which is centered on “contributing to the sustainable development and realization of happy societies by considering human health, safety and environmental preservation throughout the life cycle of each product, from development to scrapping.” Ensuring compliance with laws and regulations related to chemical substances in Japan and overseas, we formulate chemical substance management rules, conduct the appropriate management of chemical substances, and undertake design and development that as far as possible considers the environmental impact. We are also promoting the building of a system that enables the appropriate relaying of information on the chemical substances contained in our products and information on applicable laws and regulations throughout our supply chains.
Product Safety Mechanism Search & Investigation
Required Quality
Planning
Customers & Local Communities
Design & Development Research & Preproduction
Product Design
Commercial Production (Product Sales)    Securing of Product SafetyProcess Safety and Disaster PreventionStable SupplyTechnical Service• Quality control
• Response to improvement requests • Provision of product information
• Regulatory compliance
• Environmental conservation
• Securing of distribution safetyProcess ReviewCommercial Production ReviewOccupational/Process Safety & Disaster Prevention• Production technology review
• Product evaluation (safety/packaging)
• Compliance with applicable laws and
regulations
• Environmental impact assessment
• Securing of raw materials
• Preparation of safety data sheets (SDSs) and
technical documents  • Investigation of technological information • Investigation of laws and regulations
• Realization of quality
• Safety confirmation
• Environmental impact assessment
• Investigation of conformity with applicable
laws and regulations
• Investigation of raw materials
Compliance with Chemical Substance Laws and Regulations
With the goal of obtaining the latest information and enacting management measures to ensure compliance, we continue to monitor trends in not only domestic laws such as the Act on the Evaluation
of Chemical Substances and Regulation of Their Manufacture, etc.,
the Industrial Safety and Health Law, the Food Hygiene Law, and the Poisonous and Deleterious Substances Control Law but also the Export
Provision of Product and Technical Information
Our products are utilized in a variety of industrial fields, and we provide product and technical information tailored to the characteristics of each product and service. We always respond to requests and inquiries from our customers quickly, adequately and in good faith. We also provide information on hazardous materials to ensure safe handling, including that relative to product properties, applicable laws and regulations, transportation, handling methods and emergency measures by means of safety data sheets (SDSs). We provide information using chemSHERPA, an information transfer scheme for chemicals contained within products throughout the supply chain.
Trade Control Order in regard to products for export, and other export regulations, including those dealing with conflict minerals and rules regarding the registration of chemical substances. We also focus on the sharing of information by using groupware to transmit outlines of revisions to laws and regulations.
We also promote product labeling and issue an SDS related to compliance with the GHS* and with local regulations for exports to the United States, Europe and Asia. We continuously update our SDSs and labeling to remain in compliance with the revised Act on the Evaluation of Chemical Substances and Regulation of Their Manufacture, etc., and the Industrial Safety and Health Law, as well as the Poisonous and Deleterious Substances Control Law. When introducing our products, we not only focus on close communication with our customers through daily business meetings but also disseminate information through brochures and technical documents.
*Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labeling of ChemicalsEfforts to Reduce Complaints/Nonconforming Products
Because we position quality-related nonconformity (complaints/deviation) and our response to that as an important issue for securing quality,
we check any appearance of nonconformity, determine the cause and verify the corrective action and its effectiveness to prevent reoccurrence. Details of complaints and anomalies are centrally managed by groupware to share information and are horizontally deployed Company- wide to prevent similar nonconformities from occurring. In addition to
our efforts aimed at preventing the reoccurrence of nonconformity, we recognize the importance of responding to our customers with speed and appropriate measures whenever such an event occurs. In the years to come, we will continue to strive to improve customer satisfaction by focusing on being imaginative and creative while promoting ongoing efforts to reduce nonconformity and prevent any recurrence should an incident arise.
 