Five Important Issues
       Employees Customers Society
Important Issue 2
Research and Development
Technology is important intellectual capital for DKS, an important foundation supporting management strategies for sustainable growth. In terms of future business development, we are actively promoting applications for and the acquisition of intellectual property rights based on the results of research and development in pursuit of the concept “Chemistry provides a solution.”DKS’s Foundation That Underpins Strategies
As a leading industrial chemical manufacturer, it is our management philosophy to continue to be a prominent company that responds to the expanding chemical requirements of industries. To realize that philosophy, we are focusing on the research and development of high-value-added products, with
a particular focus on products with IT and electronics-related applications, and the development of new applications for battery materials and cellulose nanofibers. With innovative wisdom and technologies, we are pursuing “Chemistry provides a solution” in every industry and developing products that can contribute to a sustainable society.R&D Basic Policy and Promotion System
In fiscal 2020, the R&D Departments of the Business Divisions
were integrated into the single R&D Department, and for Company- wide research themes and the development of new businesses and technologies, DKS also created the Corporate R&D Department, the New Business Development Department and the Drug Formulation Development Department aimed at strengthening our research structure.
The Elexcel R&D Department develops applications for battery materials.
The Life Sciences Supervisory Department is focused on the development of new applications for cellulose nanofibers and will focus efforts on R&D centered on extraction and concentration technologies, as well as mass production technologies, including I-Japonica Bombyx Fungus and “sudachi citrus” under the umbrella of the newly acquired Biococoon Laboratories, Inc. and Ikeda Yakusou Co., Ltd. In addition to promoting in-Group cooperation, we are working to accelerate
R&D Investments
In fiscal 2019, the total expenses required for R&D amounted to ¥2,748 million, which represented 4.5% of net sales. The total number of R&D personnel of the Company and the domestic subsidiary companies was 208, which was equivalent to around 20% of all employees (as of March 31, 2020).
research and development through collaboration with outside entities such as public research institutes, universities and customers. The Production Technology Department provides support for the innovation and creation of new production technologies.
R&D System Diagram
Universities
Public research institutions
Joint research Personnel exchanges
Intellectual Property
 Government agencies
Customers
Closed/open innovation
  R&D Costs
(Millions of yen) 3,000
Mindful of future business development, we actively promote the filing and obtaining of intellectual property (IP) rights based on R&D results. Recently, we have been focusing on improving the quality of our patents through enhanced information retrieval functions. We will continue to respond to the globalization of our business and acquire rights securely for important domestic and foreign markets.
Research Personnel
(Persons) 250
344
378
DKS Group R&D Departments
Production Headquarters/Production Technology Department
National projects
  R&D Headquarters
R&D Department, Elexcel R&D Department, Corporate R&D Department,
New Business Development Department, Drug Formulation Development Department, Life Sciences Supervisory Department
Subsidiary companies R&D departments 2,765
2,748
208
Number of Patents Held
Outside Japan   Japan 479
    2,380
2,393
2,307
(Patents)
1,200
900
600
300
    2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500
427
453
       0 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
      200 169 174 180 150
100
50
196
    478
477
497
508
5330 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
 Note: Based on the effective date.
   0 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
 30
DKS REPORT 2020
 
    Where Have We Come From, Where Are We Going?
How Should We Manage?
Business Activities Report
Data SectionOur Products and Technology Development
We supply products that meet environmental requirements, including global warming prevention, energy and resource saving, environmental protection and prevention of environmental pollution, and engage in the development of related technologies.Environmental requirement
Global Warming Prevention
Functions and features
Our product lineup and technology/Application
 Energy & Resource Saving
 Environmental Protection, Prevention of Environmental Pollution  Clean energy
Halogen-freeness
Energy efficiency
Effective resource utilization Extension of life span
Eco-friendliness
VOC2 reduction
Reduction of environmental impact
Removal of contaminants
Lithium-ion batteries CELLBINDER Series ELEXCEL ACG Series DD-1200C Series
DK BE-CLEAR Series DK POLYOL 3000 Series
COLOURSOL CT-171D NEW FRONTIER Series DK SYSTEM NF Series
Slag anti-solidification agents ELEXCEL IL Series
EIMFLEX Series
NOIGEN XL Series, NOIGEN TDS Series RHEOCRYSTA Series
AH212
SUPERFLEX Series
EIMFLEX WF Series
ELASTRON Series, ELASTRON BN Series NEW FRONTIER Series
HITENOL Series, NOIGEN Series TRIBIO Series
SEACLE N-800 DEOPELLET Series
Binder for lithium-ion batteries
Gel polymer for lithium-ion batteries
Conductive paste for solar cells (lead-free)
Waterborne detergents
HFC1-free water-reactive polyols for urethane foams/Insulating materials Dye accelerating/Leveling agents for polyester
Solvent-free UV/EB-curable monomers/Adhesives, coating agents HFC-free systems for rigid polyurethane foams/Insulating materials
Ionic liquids/Energy device materials
Polyurethanes for electric insulation/Sealants
Nonionic surfactants/Emulsifiers, cleaning agents
Cellulose nanofiber water dispersions
Organic alkaline agent
Polyurethane water dispersions/Paints, coating, binders
Waterborne single-shot polyurethanes for electric insulation/Sealants Thermoreactive polyurethane water dispersions/Binders, adhesives Solvent-free UV/EB-curable monomers/Adhesives, coatings Polymerizable surfactants/Emulsifiers for emulsion polymerization Polylactic acid modifying agents
Marine oil spill treatment agent
Foul odor gas absorbents
                                          1. HFC: Hydrofluorocarbons
2. VOC: Volatile organic compoundsProducts to Meet Environmental Requirements
The Company has been developing products made using sugars and cellulose, which are eco-friendly materials that are derived from plants and are renewable. Among them, the cellulose nanofiber RHEOCRYSTA possesses unique physicochemical properties due to its single-digit nano size, and the Company is advancing the development of applications
so that this product
can be used as a high- performance additive in, for example, inks, cosmetics, ceramics and batteries.
The Company began to manufacture and sell HITENOL and NOIGEN Series polymerizable surfactants in the 1980s. Such eco-friendly products as water-based paints and adhesives, which have been popular in recent years, offer excellent water resistance and adhesiveness. The new product HITENOL AR Series offers excellent copolymerization qualities with a
wide range of monomers
and improves the water
resistance of and inhibits
the formation of bubbles in
paints and adhesives.
   