Five Important Issues
       Employees Society
Important Issue 3
Human Resource Management
Human capital is the most important asset for DKS, and we aim to maintain talented human resources and diversity based on the idea of valuing people. We recognize the growth of employees to be the driving force for the development of the Company, leading to a wide range of enhancements in corporate value.Human Resource Philosophy
Respect for Humanity
Our fundamental human resource philosophy is rooted in the idea that our people are our assets and must be nurtured and treasured.
Our basic understanding is that the growth of our people will support the growth of the Company. The employees are supposed to actively play their roles in each workplace; learn, grow and exhibit their capabilities; and try to fulfill themselves. This way, we believe that they become the power of prosperity of the Company and the source to make it eternal.
The Company also supports the maintaining and improving of employee health, which forms a cornerstone of individual employee self- fulfillment.
Human Resource Development Policies
1. Development of Professional Workers
We aim to train professional human resources who have high market value and can work on their own initiative.
1) People possessing advanced, specialized skills
2) People who recognize and achieve their roles and goals 3) People who raise and solve issues themselves
4) People who demonstrate leadership in the workplace
2. Development of Autonomous Personnel
Switch to human resources able to work on their own initiative through their own motivationRespecting Human Rights and Diversity: Promoting Diversity, Human Resource Development and Education
Work-Style Reforms
Work-Life Balance
DKS takes the initiative in activities supporting a balance between work and family. In terms of systems, we formally introduced a telecommuting system in fiscal 2019 and a flextime system in fiscal 2020 and are working to reform the personnel system to improve employee productivity and realize diverse work styles.
Promotion of Employee Participation and Advancement
Having set up an Employee Participation and Advancement Promotion Committee chaired by a senior management member, we are aiming for a human resource group capable of successfully contributing to improvements in Company performance. We are creating environments in which we can maximize the abilities of diverse employees, including women, seniors, people with disabilities
and members of the LGBT community, and enable them to take an active
part in our Company. We also held a seminar on long-term care in 2019 to support balanced work that can be done by both men and women.
Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement
In addition to environments that facilitate women in working for many years, we will maintain work environments that enable women to develop their careers and implement measures aimed at having 10.0% or more of managerial positions occupied by women.
Retiree Reemployment System
In reemploying all applicants, we conduct monozukuri (manufacturing) by handing down the techniques and skills that make the best use of the experience they have accumulated over many years.
Employment of People with Disabilities
We consider people with disabilities as a valuable asset to our workforce, and in addition to safely clearing the statutory employment rate for persons with disabilities, we aim to further improve retention rates and are proactively engaged in creating abilities through training that understands the aptitude of the respective individuals.
Efforts to Prevent Harassment
We are trying to prevent harassment through, for example, educational programs in hierarchical training courses. Several persons are selected as contacts, even from outside the Personnel Department, so that anyone can easily find someone to talk to and get advice from. Moreover, whistleblower portals inside and outside the Company, as well as an external Employee Assistance Program (EAP), are in place.
Human Resource Development and Education Systems
The three pillars of our human resource development and education programs are in-house on-the-job training, external education to learn skills and abilities, and assisting self-development. In recent years,
we have focused on joint training with other companies to nurture next-generation leaders and enhancing our brother/sister program (reinforcement of a backup support system for new employees) aimed at a 0% attrition rate for new employees, and the development of human resources for the digital transformation targeting the realization of disruptive innovation utilizing data and IT technologies.
We also conduct global mindset training to ensure young employees are aware of activities overseas as soon as possible, cross-cultural understanding and skills training sessions for mid-level employees and in-house, selective training involving visits to subsidiaries overseas for employees with high global awareness.
DKS is focusing attention on human resource training in other areas as well, including by bolstering its support for employees aiming to improve their own abilities, be it through correspondence learning, the acquisition of qualifications or other forms of self-development.
73.2% 66.0% 9.1% 3.1% 87.5% 3.1%
  Items
FY2019 Results
   Annual paid leave taken
  Male employees taking child-care leave
  Ratio of women in managerial positions (as of March 31, 2020)
  Employment of people with disabilities (as of March 31, 2020)
  Employment of people with disabilities (to third year of employment)
  New graduate attrition rate (to third year of employment)
   32
DKS REPORT 2020
 
    Where Have We Come From,
Where Are We Going? How Should We Manage? Business Activities Report Data SectionHealth-Based Company Management (“Kenko Keiei”) Initiatives
We aim to bolster the Company’s productivity, and thus its corporate value, by maintaining and improving the health of our employees.
This initiative is reported to committees and meetings attended by officers in charge to obtain approval for plans formulated based on these results.
Concept of Health-Based Company Management
Healthy Company Declaration: Regarding its employees as Company assets, DKS will strive to maintain and improve their health.
   Prevent disease and mental health issues by health management
Work and live in a safe and healthy environment• Formulate measures to prevent lifestyle-related diseases • Formulate health management targets
• Develop internal Company communication
• Improve the workplace environment
Plan
  Do
• Regular health checkups, special health checkups, specific health guidance • Mental care: internal and external EAP, stress checks
• In-house education: e-learning, group training, etc.
• Improve conditions of the Company premises and housing: amenity facilities;
implement measures to prevent passive smoking, etc. • Look into absenteeism and presenteeism
• Hold events involving exercise
 • Gather results of health checks, management ascertains status of mental health • Share health checkup results data in-house
• Release both internally and externally an assessment by external institutions
• Explore routes for improvement based on an assessment by external institutions • Explore next health management targets based on health checkup results and
secondary data
• Verify the effect on productivity and corporate value
Action
 Check
• Inspect workplaces; monitor working environments
• Interview after health checkup and summarize results
• Implement workplace improvement activities after stress checks
• Request third-party assessment by external institutions: DBJ Health Management
rating, White 500 (certified health and productivity management organizations) • Conduct cross-analysis relating to productivityEfforts in Health-Based Company Management
DKS was selected by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) for the first time as a “Health and Productivity Management Brand 2020.” For the third consecutive year, DKS and subsidiaries Gembu Co., Ltd., Dai-ichi Kenkou Co., Ltd., Dai-ichi Ceramo Co., Ltd., Kyoto Elex Co., Ltd., and from this year, Ikeda Yakusou Co., Ltd. were certified as White 500 Organizations (sponsored by METI and Nippon Kenko Kaigi). We also acquired the highest health management rating from the Development Bank of Japan Inc. (DBJ) for the third consecutive year.
Going forward, assessments of Company efforts through the eyes of external organizations will continue to lead to further enhancements in corporate value.
Targets, Activities and Outcomes
Based on our Healthy Company Declaration, DKS strives to maintain and improve the health of its employees, and at the same time, stipulates guidelines for employee health activities and promotes Company-wide health maintenance. The employee health guidelines consist of five items aimed at improving productivity and enhancing
corporate value through the maintenance and improvement of employee health. From fiscal 2017, we have been developing practical measures to enhance lifestyle-related disease and metabolic syndrome prevention and countermeasures that go beyond education and training, including walking events, the creation of training rooms and the provision of healthy menus in employee cafeterias. As a result, from fiscal 2016 to fiscal 2019, the discovery of health problems decreased 2.3%, the number of people aged 40 or older who maintained
proper body weight increased 6.9% and the rate of secondary health examinations was maintained at 100%. We also provided counseling to all new employees who were nervous about their new job. Feedback questionnaires revealed that hurdles for counseling were lowered.
In fiscal 2019, we began providing counseling for newly appointed managers and will continue this practice in the future.
Health Issue Improvement KPIsIssue1. Prevention of issues
among healthy employees2. Prevention of aggravation among high-risk employees3. Prevention and early detection of employee mental health issues4. Creation of environment leading to quitting smokingKey Performance Indicator (KPI)Employees who exceeded abdominal girth standardsEmployees 40 years or older at risk for or experiencing metabolic syndromeLeave taken by employees with mental health issuesEmployees who smokeCurrent figure (2019) 30.7%
Target figure (2024) 25.0%Current figure (2019) 26.6%
Target figure (2024) 22.0%Current figure (2019) 0.2%
Target figure (2024) 0.2% or lessCurrent figure (2019) 21.4%
Target figure (2024) 11.4% DKS REPORT 2020 33