Five Important Issues
         Employees Shareholders Customers Society
Important Issue 5
Organizational Resilience
DKS has established an appropriate corporate governance system for sustainable growth and improvement of corporate value over the medium to long term and strives to ensure thorough compliance and risk management. Even if the organization becomes exposed to various changes in the outside environment and risks, to achieve sustainable growth and social contributions DKS aims to be an organization that is conscious of resilience and flexibility in addition to sustainability and growth.
Corporate Governance
Organizational Design and Structure
Company OutsideBasic Concept
DKS engages in business based on our Company Credo, “Contributing to the nation and society through industry,” along with our three Company Mottoes—“Quality First,” “Cost Reduction” and “R&D Efforts”—which embody our founders’ spirit. Aiming to establish a management foundation able
to earn and maintain the trust of society, as well as to conduct transparent and fair corporate activities that are rooted in corporate social responsibility (CSR), we pursue higher governance as management policy and position it as one of our most important tasks. To realize these goals, DKS established a basic policy for its internal control system, which is revised as necessary.
 Appoint/Dismiss
Appoint/Dismiss
Appoint/Dismiss
Report
Policies, planning and guidance
General Meeting of Shareholders
  Board of Directors
Company (6) Outside (3)
 Cooperate
 Audit & Supervisory Board
Company (2) Outside (3)
Accounting auditor
      Select/ Dismiss Supervise
Audit
Audit Report
Audit
Report
Decide on deliberation regarding appointments/ dismissals
Judge on accounting audit appropriateness
Detailed corporate governance information >>
Securities Report https://www.dks-web.co.jp/ir/img/annual_security_report_2020_3.pdf (Japanese only)
Management Committee
Chaired by the Chairman CEO and composed of six Company directors, two full-time corporate auditors, two senior executive officers and two executive officers, the Management Committee meets prior to Board of Directors meetings and is divided into a management meeting to discuss management issues and a finance meeting to discuss finance issues. In the fiscal year under review, 7 management meetings and 12 finance meetings were held to ensure careful and quick decision-making.
   Auditor assistant
Internal Audit Department
Cooperate
   CEO
 Management Committee
Deliberate important matters Managing Directors
Report
Policies, planning and guidance
Report
   General Affairs and Legal Department
  Compliance Control Committee Risk Management Control Committee
 Guide/
Supervise Propose/Report important matters
Check for illegal activities
RC (Environment, Safety & Quality) Promotion Conference Security Export Control Committee
        38
DKS REPORT 2020
Senior executive officers
2 people
Executive officers
9 people
(Business execution)
Report, etc.
Audit
Report, etc.
 Respective business execution departments/Group companies
Status of Response to Corporate Governance Code
Regarding compliance with the Corporate Governance Code, we have not implemented the 10 Principles. Please refer to our Corporate Governance Report for the principles and reasons for non-implementation.
Detailed corporate governance information >> https://www2.tse.or.jp/disc/44610/140120200615444718.pdf (Japanese only)
Board of Directors Diversity
Company directors possess knowledge and experience in various fields such as sales, production, research, purchasing and logistics, planning, accounting and finance, and personnel and general affairs, as well as overseas management experience. Outside directors come from life insurance companies, manufacturing companies in different
Overall Efficacy of the Board of Directors
Every year, all directors and corporate auditors conduct self-evaluations based on a questionnaire prepared by the Board of Directors secretariat (President’s Office Secretary Group). This questionnaire
is compiled by the Board of Directors secretariat (President’s Office Secretary Group), then analyzed and evaluated by outside officers and full-time corporate officers. As a result, last fiscal year, outside officers
industries and administrative agencies related to labor conditions and occupational health and safety. At present, the Board of Directors is not sufficiently diverse in many ways, including gender, but in the future, if such a person is recognized as qualified, he or she will be appointed as a member of the Board of Directors.
and full-time corporate auditors assessed the effectiveness of the Board of Directors as being generally appropriate and determined that effectiveness is ensured, while also receiving opinions regarding further improvements to the efficacy of the Board of Directors. Considering these recommendations, we will continue to improve the efficacy of the Board of Directors.
  
    Where Have We Come From,
Where Are We Going? How Should We Manage? Business Activities Report Data Section
Executive Remuneration
The basic policy regarding executive and auditor remuneration involves a) appropriate compensation for execution of duties, b) remuneration that encourages actions to improve business performance and maximize corporate value and c) remuneration that deepens value sharing with shareholders.
Director Remuneration
Director remuneration consists of 1) fixed remuneration, 2) performance-linked remuneration (incentives) and 3) stock remuneration (deepens value sharing with shareholders). For outside directors, in consideration of involvement in business execution decisions, compensation consists of 1) fixed remuneration and 3) stock remuneration.
  2) Performance-linked remuneration
3) Stock remuneration
    Calculation method
Monthly remuneration is set based on the size of the role tasked to each director and his or her position.
Company performance in the previous fiscal year is evaluated once each year, with the departments each director is in charge of evaluated twice each year; then the amount of compensation is calculated and increased or decreased within a certain range.
DKS introduced a transfer-restricted stock compensation system, with decisions as to the specific allocation of monetary compensation to be paid for the granting of transfer-restricted shares based on the size of the role tasked to each director and their position.
At the General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 27, 2017, a resolution determined the amount of stock remuneration be set at ¥100 million per annum (¥6 million or less per annum for outside directors; this does not include the salary of employees who concurrently serve as directors), with 100,000 shares as the maximum number of common shares to be issued or disposed of per annum. All of the above are drawn up by the CEO remitted and paid upon resolution by the Board of Directors.
      Scope of amount
At the General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 26, 2018, a resolution determined that monthly remuneration for directors be set at ¥30 million (¥360 million per annum, with outside director remuneration set at ¥3 million per month). This does not include the salary of employees who concurrently serve as directors.
   Audit & Supervisory Board Member Remuneration
Audit & Supervisory Board Member remuneration is composed of 1) fixed remuneration and 2) stock remuneration based on the appropriateness of audits conducted and the role played in promoting shareholder interests.
  An amount suitable for the role of an Audit & Supervisory Board Member entrusted by shareholders is set and paid as fixed monthly remuneration.
Regarding stock remuneration, DKS introduced a transfer-restricted stock compensation system, and determines the amount of monetary compensation to be paid for granting transfer-restricted shares suitable for the role of an auditor entrusted by shareholders.
At the General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 27, 2017, a resolution set maximum stock compensation at ¥20 million per annum, with 20,000 shares as the total number of common shares of the Company to be issued or disposed of per annum. All the above are determined and remitted after consultation with Audit & Supervisory Board Members.
    Scope of amount
 Total Amount of Remuneration for Each Officer Position, Total Amount of Remuneration by Remuneration Type and Number of Applicable Officers
282 190 67 25 10 2 32 30 — 2 6
Significant Portion of Salary Paid to Executive Directors Who Concurrently Serve as Employees
66 6 Salary as employees
 Officer position
1) Fixed remuneration
  At the General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 29, 2005, a resolution set maximum compensation at ¥6 million per month (¥72 million per annum).
  Total remuneration (Millions of yen)
Total remuneration by type (Millions of yen)
Number of applicable executives (persons)
 Total (Millions of yen)
Number of executives (persons)
Details
    Director (excluding outside directors)
Fixed
Performance-linked
Stock-based
   43
    39
   —
   3
  Audit & Supervisory Board Member (excluding outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
   Outside officers
  Targets for indicators related to performance-linked remuneration in the fiscal year under review were to exceed consolidated net sales
of ¥56.9 billion, consolidated ordinary income of ¥4.7 billion and consolidated operating cash flow above ¥5 billion in fiscal 2018. In the
previous fiscal year, which the performance-linked remuneration for the current fiscal year is subject to, consolidated sales increased to ¥59.5 billion and consolidated ordinary income decreased to ¥4.1 billion. In addition, consolidated operating cash flow decreased by ¥3.2 billion.
Appointment and Dismissal of CEO and Succession Plan
Regarding the appointment of the CEO, the outgoing CEO proposes a candidate for successor that is resolved after thorough deliberation by the Board of Directors, which includes two independent outside directors. If the CEO is not sufficiently fulfilling his role, or if there is
a reason to dismiss the CEO’s position, the Board of Directors will deliberate and resolve the dismissal of the CEO.
In addition, succession planning for the CEO is the most important matter for the survival of the Company, thus it is critical to identify
actual and potential capabilities of management. The succession plan is the exclusive property of the CEO, who is familiar with all aspects of the Company. DKS believes it is desirable to hear the opinions of outside officers regarding the qualities and aptitude of successors, thus we established and operate a successor training committee with outside officers as members.
1) Fixed remuneration
2) Stock remuneration
   Calculation method
  DKS REPORT 2020 39
     How Can We Be Sustainable?
 
Five Important Issues
         Important Issue 5
Organizational Resilience
Compliance
Corporate Philosophy
The corporate philosophy around which the Company forms the
basis of its actions is indicated in our Company Credo, Company Mottoes and Code of Corporate Ethics. These are also outlined in our Declaration of Action by Board Members and Employees. We post these in-house so that all employees can always act with them in mind, and we provide a pocket-sized Corporate Philosophy Handbook to all Company employees. The Company also conducts e-learning activities explaining our philosophy, with tests given to confirm understanding.
Code of Corporate Ethics
To establish corporate ethics that contribute to putting the Company policies into practice, we established a six-item set of principles as
the Code of Corporate Ethics and adhere to the word and spirit of all laws and regulations, as well as international rules. We also respect the culture and customs of each country and region where we conduct
Compliance in Practice
Compliance Control Committee
The Compliance Control Committee is charged with establishing and maintaining the Company’s compliance system. Since its establishment in 2004, the Compliance Control Committee has been continuously engaged in building the compliance system, implementing educational activities to entrench compliance practices in our employees and conducting surveys to ensure understanding of the compliance system.
Corporate Ethics Month
The Compliance Control Committee has designated October every year to be Corporate Ethics Month and conducts activities during
the month, including educational activities and the dissemination of information, centered on a particular theme. The theme for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, was “What Is Compliance? A Return
to the Basics” aimed at reaffirming basic information and information handling rules. In addition, as part of this activity, we requested reports on business conducted in each department aimed at organizing laws and regulations to deepen understanding and called for them to be reaffirmed within each department.
Whistleblower Hotlines
DKS has established whistleblower hotlines where employees can consult on and report possible violations to established laws and regulations. While the Company already had an internal hotline, DKS in 2016 established an external hotline as well, with instructions on use distributed internally, including through the Company intranet.
our business activities and declare that we will act with social common sense.
Declaration of Action by Board Members and Employees
Regarding the six-item set of principles established as the Code of Corporate Ethics, we broke down the content as to what kind of behavior is actually required, clearly state the guidelines for the actions of executives and employees (including seconded and contract employees, as
Employees
Shareholders
Customers
Society
 Basic Concept
Since the Compliance Control Committee was established in 2004, the Company has been continuously engaged in the building and maintenance of our compliance system, as well as in activities to instill compliance practices in our employees. Recognizing that compliance activities are indispensable for continuing as a sound company, we will further strengthen our activities in the years to come.
   well as temporary employees) and declare that these guidelines will be implemented as a code of conduct.
“DKS Corporate Philosophy Handbook”
Compliance Awareness Survey
We conduct a Compliance Awareness Survey for all employees each December with the aim of accurately understanding the effects from activities aimed at further instilling compliance practices. Based on employee awareness of key issues, we use the results to determine initiatives for next year. The fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, was the 15th consecutive year the Company has implemented the Awareness Survey. This year, we confirmed the awareness of compliance with laws and regulations and Company regulations on which we placed particular emphasis during Corporate Ethics Month, confirming that awareness of Company regulations has increased more than 10% compared to the previous fiscal year. The survey posed questions about areas of policy that, in the future, we would like to see reflect current conditions, with many requests made regarding workplace environments working from home. Based on these results, we will continue to raise awareness of compliance and strengthen compliance activities.
Requested Areas for the Implementation of Measures in Fiscal 2019
 Workplace environment/ working from home: 36%
Other: 2%
Harassment: 23%
Information management/ intellectual property rights: 18%
Anti-Monopoly Act/ Subcontractor Law: 7%
Environmental protection: 14%
 40
DKS REPORT 2020
 
    Where Have We Come From,
Where Are We Going? How Should We Manage?
Risk Management (Risks and Responses to Them)
Risk Management
To address Group risk and systematically promote activities, we have established a Risk Management Control Committee that meets on a regular basis and is composed of representatives of each department, with an operating officer serving as the chairperson.
With a focus on developing and standardizing the risk management system, the Committee manages risk by determining action plans
and reviewing results, identifying potential risks and considering countermeasures.
In Japan and overseas, the Company and its subsidiaries are working to operate and maintain crisis management systems on a daily basis so that we can communicate risk crisis information as soon as possible, ascertain the situation and take appropriate measures. To deal with potential and/
or evident risks, we have taken several steps, including establishing and maintaining Risk Management Procedures, Product Liability (PL) Prevention and Management Procedures and Information Security Rules.
Business Activities Report Data SectionBasic Concept
Diverse and becoming more complex, the corporate risks surrounding the Company could result in increased adverse impacts on the Company itself, as well as on employees, shareholders, customers and local communities. We position risk management as an important management issue and are taking steps to prevent potential risks and prevent the spread of risks that have already manifested.Business Continuity Plan (BCP) and Disaster Countermeasures
BCP is an abbreviation for Business Continuity Plan, which allows
a company to maintain critical operations without suspending plans when it is affected by an unforeseen natural disaster such as an earthquake. Even if business activities are unavoidably interrupted, the BCP focuses on restarting important functions within the recovery time objective and minimizing the risks involved in interrupted operations.
We have created a BCP for a large-scale earthquake and the outbreak of a highly virulent H1N1-type influenza. We also have created a BCP for logistics operations in the event of an earthquake or torrential rain. We are regularly reviewing and updating our BCPs.
Disaster Preparedness
In the event of a crisis, our Risk Management Manual establishes management levels in line with the crisis, with the person in charge in line with those risk management levels tasked with implementing risk management.
Information Security
Through the optimization of infrastructure and the ensuring of security, we provide high-quality services protecting against disasters and cyberattacks, while simultaneously promoting robust and sustainable industrialization and the expansion of technological innovation.
We are taking appropriate measures and enhancing the management of risks that interfere with the supply of products. Our annual preparation for natural disasters also includes training on understanding and reporting the safety situations of employees and damage conditions, as well as ways to improve disaster response and employee awareness.
We will continue to promote appropriate business continuity management based on protecting human life and safety, continuing operations and meeting social responsibilities.
Major initiatives implemented in the fiscal year ended March
31, 2020, included the extraction of risks and implementation of countermeasures in each department, the implementation of measures to prevent information leakages and notifications to overseas travelers through groupware calling attention to these leaks.
We believe it is important for employees to understand concepts such as “risk management,” “crisis management” and “business continuity management” (focusing on responding to interruptions in business) and to view the establishment of activities entrenching these concepts as vitally important.
As a result of the above, in fiscal 2019 we conducted e-learning on “risk management” and “business continuity management” for all managers in an attempt to acquire knowledge and reaffirm the importance of these efforts.
Business Continuity Plan (BCP) Outline
To continue business above the lowest Disaster strikes permissible level
To recover the degree of operation within the permissible time
Recovery
Objectives
Lowest permissible level
Time
   Before
After (initial responses and BC response)
 100%
   Risk Management Level IUnderstanding risk possibilities under normal operationRisk Management Level II
Risks to be coped with within plants, branches, offices and subsidiariesRisk Management Level IIIRisks to be coped with within divisions (including subsidiaries)Risk Management Level IVRisks to be coped with Company-wideRisk Management Level VUnexpected risksPresent anticipated recovery curve Recovery curve after implementation of BCP
Source: Cabinet Office, Business Continuity Guidelines, Third Edition
Objectives
Lowest permissible level
Within the Company, we are creating a system ensuring information security by established information security policies, countermeasure standards and implementation procedures. Recognizing the importance of the internal control system, the Internal Audit Department conducts internal audits while independent auditors conduct outside audits.
 