          TSUBAKI REPORT
2021
Integrated Report
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
PROLOGUE
We will advance the “art of moving” beyond expectations.
Based on our pride in being a professionals in the field of motion, theTsubaki Group has continuously taken on the challenge of advancing the “art of moving” through technology and ideas. We will continue to pursue transformation and challenges with an eye on the future, unswayed by preconceived ideas. As well as meeting the expectations of society, we will also aim to create added value that surpasses expectations.TheTsubaki Spirit, our corporate philosophy, expresses our determination in this regard.
 Transitioning fromValue CreationThat Meets Expectations
Tsubaki will aim to provide innovative solutions that help
   
 Corporate Philosophy
        to Value Creation That Surpasses Expectations
solve social issues by refining its motion technologies.
   TSUBAKI REPORT 20210 1

Providing Added Value to Customers and Fulfilling Our Social Responsibility
Founded in 1917 to manufacture chains, Tsubakimoto Chain has since expanded its business to encompass motion control, mobility, and materials handling. Operating at 82 business sites in 26 countries and regions globally, the Company has developed products— from machinery parts to units, modules, and systems—that are indispensable in the field of motion.
We capitalize on our strengths in developing products that contribute to solving issues faced by our customers, such as energy conservation, productivity improvement, and labor saving, while advancing our material technology, processing technology, and application technology. We have also underpinned the development of society with leading global products, including industrial-use steel chains and timing chain systems for automobile engines, and a host of leading niche products.
In addition to increasing the value added to these products, the Group is working together intently to tackle a variety of issues and fulfill its social responsibility as a company.
For example, to cultivate human resources and pass on monozukuri technology and skills, we have enhanced our training programs, such as our original Techno School, and worked to advance monozukuri and human resource development through production reform activities. We have also amassed a record of achievement that has garnered praise from society. This includes our environmental activities, such as those to reduce CO2 emissions, and the strengthening of our corporate governance system.
Transitioning from Value Creation That Meets Expectations
               2 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021

 to Value Creation That Surpasses Expectations
    Resolving Social Issues Faced by Customers and Beyond, and Increasing the Visualization and Efficiency of Management
As a business-to-business (B2B) company, we believe it is important to pursue management with an eye on addressing customer issues and also on solving the issues faced by consumers and society.
Going forward, we will incorporate cutting-edge technologies, such as artificial intelligence (AI) and the Internet of Things (IoT), into our unique core technologies to accelerate the development of new products and technologies and the creation of next-generation businesses that contribute to the resolution of three social issues: “creating a people-friendly society,” “building a safe and secure infrastructure for living,” and “creating an Earth-friendly society.”
At the same time, we are using DX* to transform our operations and corporate culture while aiming to establish a new business model by leveraging our expertise. We will also further enhance management quality from an environmental, social, and governance (ESG) perspective. Long-Term Vision 2030 and Mid-Term Management Plan 2025, launched in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022, clarify the path we must follow. With an eye on the social issues of the future, Tsubaki will advance the “art of moving” beyond expectations
* DX is an abbreviation for digital transformation, the concept that the spread of digital technology will change every aspect of people’s lives for the better.
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 3

CONTENTS
PROLOGUE
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story
6 Message from the CEO
14 Overview of Long-Term Vision 2030 and
Mid-Term Management Plan 2025 16 Interview with the COO
18 Interview with an Outside Director
Value Creation Scheme
20 Value Creation Process
22 Engagement with Stakeholders
24 Risks and Opportunities Arising from Changes in
the External Environment and ESG Issues Being
Addressed
26 Strategy for Investing Financial Capital
Business Strategy
28 PowerTransmission Operations (Chain Operations and Motion Control Operations)
30 Mobility Operations
32 Materials Handling Operations
34 Value Creation atTsubaki: Case Studies
Business Overview
36 Tsubaki’s Business Domains
38 Supporting Society through Our Products 40 Value Creation History
42 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
(Consolidated)
44 Tsubaki’s Global Network
Sustainability Management
46 Sustainability Priority Matters and Progress to Date 48 Environmental Management
51 Supply Chain Management
52 Human Resource Management
54 Health and Safety Management
55 Quality Management
56 Coexisting with Local Communities
Governance
58 Corporate Governance
61 Compliance and Risk Management
62 Board of Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board
Members, and Executive Officers
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non- Financial Data and Corporate Information)
64 Eleven-Year Selected Financial Data
66 Data by Segment and Region (Consolidated)
68 PrincipalTsubaki Group Companies
69 Corporate Data and Stock Information
        Editorial Policy
The TSUBAKI REPORT aims to present the Tsubaki Group’s initiatives for sustainable growth and its medium- to long-term value creation processes
in an easy -to-understand format for our shareholders by comprehensively compiling financial and non-financial information (corporate philosophy, business overview, management strategies, technological capabilities, corporate governance, the environment, social investment, and other areas). As more detailed information and figures can be viewed on the Tsubaki Group’s website, please refer to it in conjunction with this report. https://tsubakimoto.com/
Forward-Looking Statements
Although this report includes information based on estimates and forecasts made by the Tsubaki Group, it does not represent a promise that the Group will attain these estimates and forecasts. In addition, the accuracy of data from external sources, including statistics, is not guaranteed. As a general rule, figures less than one unit have been rounded down to the nearest whole number. Also, unless otherwise specifically stated all numerical values relating to Company performance and its financial position have been calculated on a consolidated basis.
Data Regarding Environmental and Social Initiatives
This report was prepared with reference to the Ministry of the Environment’s “Environmental Reporting Guidelines 2012” and “Environmental Accounting Guidelines 2005,” the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)’s “Sustainability Reporting Standards,” and the TCFD Consortium’s “Guidance on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 2.0 (TCFD Guidance 2.0).”
• Reporting Period: April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021 (includes some activities after the reporting period)
• Scope of Data Collection: Tsubakimoto Chain Co.: Kyotanabe Plant, Saitama Plant, Nagaokakyo Plant, Hyogo Plant, Okayama Plant, and the following subsidiaries and affiliates in Japan and overseas:
Tsubakimoto Custom Chain Co., Tsubakimoto Sprocket Co., Tsubakimoto Bulk Systems Corporation, Tsubakimoto Mayfran Inc., Tsubakimoto Iron Casting Co., Tsubaki Yamakyu Chain Co., U.S. Tsubaki Holdings, Inc., Tsubakimoto Europe B.V.
4 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021

                 Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story
6 Message from the CEO
14 Overview of Long-Term Vision 2030 and
Mid-Term Management Plan 2025 16 Interview with the COO
18 Interview with an Outside Director
Driving the World... and the Future
                                                                                                                                                                                  TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 5
                      
   Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story
 Message from the CEO
Pursuing Innovative Value Creation That Solves Social Issues
TheTsubaki Group continues to take on the challenge of pursuing innovative value creation transcending its four business domains and organizational boundaries.
In addition to creating value through our business activities, we are aiming to grow to become a corporate group that is valued by society by promoting environmental, social, and governance (ESG)-focused management that allows us to steadily fulfill our corporate social responsibilities.
Yasushi Ohara
Chairman and CEO, Representative Director
             6 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021

 I would like to express our sorrow for those who have lost their lives as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. I would also like to extend our sympathies to anyone who has contracted COVID-19 and to their families and other loved ones, and to pray for a quick end to the pandemic.
 Review of Mid-Term Management Plan 2020:
Clarifying Points for Reflection on Falling Short of Our NumericalTargets
  In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the concluding year of Mid-Term Management Plan 2020 (MTP2020) we posted consolidated net sales of ¥193.3 billion, consolidated operating income of ¥8.8 billion, and an overseas sales ratio of 57%, all of which were well below the numerical targets we had set out in the plan.
Under MTP2020, we implemented a growth strategy of increasing our share in target markets in a number
of ways. These included product development oriented to market needs and business expansion utilizing the collective strengths of the Group to realize our vision
of becoming a leading global company.
As a result of these efforts, products such as our industrial-use steel chains and timing chain systems for automobile engines, which we have designated as our leading global products, and our Cam Clutches, motorized cylinders, and automatic sorting equipment, which we have positioned as leading niche products, increased their shares in their target markets.
Nevertheless, we ultimately fell short of our numerical
MTP2020: Numerical Targets and Results for the Concluding Year (FY2020)
Consolidated net sales Consolidated operating income Ratio of overseas sales
Market Shares of Tsubaki Products*
Global market share for leading global products Industrial-use steel chains
Timing chain systems for automobile engines
Domestic market share for leading niche products Cam Clutches
Automatic sorting equipment * Market shares were calculated by the Company
targets due to a slowdown in performance from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 onward. This fact signifies that we did not create value to an extent that would allow us to overcome the deterioration in the external environment. I also believe it demonstrates that we were not able to fully utilize the Group’s collective strengths.
Trade friction between the United States and China, which intensified from fiscal 2019, the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, and the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic from fiscal 2020, the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, brought about dramatic changes in the external environment. I have no intention, however, of attributing the worsening of our business results solely to these two factors. Although Tsubaki’s product development met customer and market needs, it did not reach a level sufficient for the Company to fulfill its social mission
of delivering monozukuri that surpasses society’s expectations. This shortcoming represents our most significant point for reflection on MTP2020.
       MTP2020 Numerical Targets
  MTP2020
Results for ConcludingYear (FY2020)
 ¥280.0 billion
  ¥193.3 billion
 ¥28.0 billion
¥8.8 billion
 70%
  57%
           Results for FY2016 (Year preceding the first year of MTP2020)
  Results for FY2020 (Final year of MTP2020)
    13%
16%
 35%
  37%
  90%
  95%
 8%
 20%
          TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 7
   Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story
 Message from the CEO
Formulation Process and Overview of Long-Term Vision 2030 and Mid-Term Management Plan 2025
Becoming a Corporate Group That Helps Solve Social Issues of the Future for Our Customers
Reflecting on the aforementioned MTP2020, we spent approximately one year conducting discussions led by inside directors on the direction in which we wanted to go and the way we wanted to be. Specifically, we asked ourselves whether we wanted to adopt management with a focus on earnings without pursuing scale, or to follow a policy of expansion by strengthening our technological base through proactive investment aimed at introducing the cutting-edge technologies that we lack. Through this process, we determined Long-Term Vision 2030.
The Tsubaki Group possesses core technologies including winding transmission technology,*1 optimizing technology,*2 and mass production technology.*3 We also offer highly efficient, value-added products based on these core technologies. If we allow ourselves to be
satisfied with these achievements, however, we
will not be able to overcome unforeseen changes in the external environmental.
Tsubaki will establish the technological domain
of Linked Automation*4 by proactively introducing cutting-edge technologies that contribute to high functionality and high automation and combining them with its unique core technologies. By doing so, we will seek to achieve sustainable growth as a corporate group promoting innovative value creation that focuses on issues affecting society as a whole that go beyond customer needs.
*1 A technology that facilitates high efficiency driving using a winding mechanism, as exemplified by chains
*2 A technology that creates new drive systems by combining various parts
*3 Atechnologythatsimultaneouslyachievesmassproductionandadefectrateofzero *4 A technology domain that is highly functional and highly automated
     Social Issues to Be Addressed and the Development of Products to Solve Them
    Creating a people-friendly society
Building
a safe and secure infrastructure for living
Social Issues
Creating an Earth-friendly society
 Reduce energy consumption / Mitigate labor shortage risk / Shorten working hours
     Linked Automation
• High functionality • Advanced automation
(High-end products) (Automated, labor-saving, contactless)
    • Ultra-miniaturization • Ultra-precision
• Ultra-high accuracy
• Supports AI and IoT technologies • Complex technology
   8 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
Complexity and diversification of customer needs
   Added value

  Mid-Term Management Plan 2025: Our Four Basic Policies
Mid-Term Management Plan 2025 (MTP2025) is an action plan for realizing the direction we want to go (where we want to be) that we set forth in Long-Term Vision 2030. With an eye on the achievement of MTP2025 in the fiscal
year ending March 31, 2026, we created a five-year plan (FY2021 to FY2025) through backcasting. The plan comprises the following four basic policies.
  1. Create next-generation businesses that enable sustainable growth
  In MTP2025, we will take on the challenge of creating next-generation businesses that help solve the three social issues stipulated in Long-Term Vision 2030.
In order to make the creation of next-generation businesses a reality rather than just a plan, we must build firm mechanisms for business creation.
Examples of Next-Generation Business Creation That Addresses the Three Social Issues
     Creating a people-friendly society
  Human Assist
Enter automation and support equipment businesses for general consumers
• Expand business into comprehensive welfare
equipment
• Provide automation and labor-saving devices
for welfare (healthcare), agriculture and forestry sectors, etc.
Maintenance
Strengthen maintenance service structure for systems (things that move) to contribute to stable operation of customer facilities
• Shift from “product sales” to “service sales” • Improve customer satisfaction by providing
comprehensive Group support
Building
a safe and secure infrastructure for living
Agriculture Business
Expand agriculture business using Linked Automation technology
• Plant factories: Establish a leading niche in
automated systems. Enter smart agriculture to
improve workability and productivity
• Develop a cultivation mini-system with a view
to Industry 6.0, and create a food and agriculture business
Life Science
Participate in the field of regenerative medicine
• Manufacture and sell equipment that
automates cell culture processing
Creating an Earth-friendly society
Energy Infrastructure
Expand into carbon-neutral-related markets
• Expand business in EV (electric vehicle)
charging infrastructure market
• Expand renewable energy infrastructure
business
• Propose V2X (Vehicle-to-everything) charging/
discharging equipment and systems for linking with solar power generation and storage batteries
Mobility
Transform from internal combustion engine parts to mobility parts
• Supply drive components, transmission
mechanisms and units for personal mobility • Supply ultra-small precision actuators (Zip
chain mechanisms) for automotive industry • Supply 4-wheel drive clutches and EneDrive
Chain for EVs
                TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 9
   Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story
 Message from the CEO
To begin with, we will establish at both headquarters and at business divisions a department dedicated to the search for new businesses, thereby promoting new business creation using a top-down as well as a bottom-up approach.
At the same time, we will strengthen the personnel and functions of our research and development and technological development departments in an effort to accelerate the development of new technologies and
products. In cooperation with external organizations, we will also embark on an open-innovation-style search for new businesses that combine our intellectual property (patent rights) with external cutting-edge technologies. We will quickly and efficiently advance the creation of next-generation businesses by supplementing these efforts with an acceleration of our collaborations with industry, government, and academia and an expansion of our investments in start-up companies.
   2. Further establish market position and strengthen profitability of existing businesses
 Proactive investment is crucial to creating new businesses. Accordingly, we must bolster the profitability of existing businesses to generate the funds for use in investments.
We will continue to reinforce the superiority in terms of performance and quality of our industrial-use steel
chains and timing chain systems for automobile engines, which are leading global products. At the same time, we will maintain and increase the technological superiority of our leading niche products while expanding sales by improving their price competitiveness.
3. Strengthen business foundation through manufacturing reform and enhanced human resource development
   Steadily creating next-generation businesses and bolstering the profitability of existing businesses will require the continuous strengthening of our monozukuri and personnel foundations.
Tsubaki has thus far produced a multitude of positive results in productivity improvement by continuously promoting production reform activities. Beginning in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, we advanced the further automation of production sites and launched LinK2025,*5 a new reform activity that synchronizes information at every stage, from estimates through to
4. Strengthen ESG initiatives
1. Environment
We have proactively promoted environment-friendly manufacturing and achieved results such as reducing our total CO2 emissions by adopting long-term environmental targets. Nevertheless, amid the global acceleration in trends toward carbon neutrality, we must further strengthen our activities in this regard.
Although we had previously set a target of reducing total CO2 emissions at our domestic business sites by 30% (compared with fiscal 2013) by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2031, we have brought forward the schedule
product shipment. Allowing human resources to concentrate on high-value-added operations through automation, LinK2025 is a reform that leverages digital transformation (DX) and simultaneously realizes such benefits as productivity improvement thanks to loss- and waste-free manufacturing, enhancement of quality and safety, and motivation of personnel.
*5 An abbreviation of Lean Manufacturing in Kyotanabe 2025. We launched this initiative in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 on the theme of “realizing people-friendly, loss-free factories” to take on the challenge of realizing a next-generation monozukuri factory at the Kyotanabe Plant. Beginning at the Kyotanabe Plant, we aim to expand this initiative horizontally to our major production sites.
for achieving this target by five years to the fiscal year ending March 31, 2026. Our revised target for fiscal 2030 is 46%. We have also set a target of reducing total CO2 emissions at our overseas business sites by 20% or more by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2026, compared with the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
We will formulate in-depth CO2 emissions reduction plans for each of our production sites and exert every possible effort to achieve reduction targets while firmly implementing a PDCA (plan-do-check-act) cycle.
     10 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
   
 Actively Promote Reduction of Environmental Impact from a Mid- to Long-Term Perspective
 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
  Scope of coverage
  Target
  Year of achievement
  FY2020 results
  Total CO2 emissions reduction (vs. FY2013)
CDP climate change score
2. Society
Domestic
Global
46% FY2030 23.5%
A– FY2023 B–
creation of an efficient workplace environment that is also tailored to diversifying workstyles by continuously promoting diversity.
3. Governance
During the implementation period of MTP2020 we carried out a host of structural reforms for strengthening governance. Under MTP2025, we will enhance the effectiveness of these reforms and make particular efforts to strengthen our response to global risk management (please refer to the explanation provided on the next page for more details).
 Total CO2 emissions reduction (vs. FY2018)
  Overseas
  30% or more
  FY2030
  9.0%
     Waste recycling rate
  Domestic
  99% or more
  FY2030
  96.7%
  As outlined in Long-Term Vision 2030 and MTP2025, we aim to solve through our existing businesses as well as new businesses the three social issues of “creating a people-friendly society,” “building a safe and secure infrastructure for living ,” and “creating an Earth-friendly society”. Promoting innovative product development to achieve this goal will allow us to make a greater contribution to the realization of a sustainable society.
For our employees, we will make extensive use of DX (digital transformation) to further enhance previous workstyles. At the same time, we will promote the
   ESG Issues and Achievements
  Reduce environmental
E
impact
• Set medium- to long-term total CO2 emissions reduction targets (domestic and overseas)
• Began preparations for participating in the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
• Promoted employment of people with disabilities
• Appointed female executive officers and outside directors
• Extended mandatory retirement age to 65 (previously 60)
• Increased number of outside directors to three, and ratio of outside directors to 30% (June 2017)
• Newly established heads of each business division
• Separated strategy formulation and supervision (Board of Directors) from
business execution (Executive Officers)
• Introduced stock-based compensation plan for internal directors
• Focused on preventing risks and minimizing losses under leadership of Group Risk Management Committee
  Respect human rights
S
Promote diversity
    Separate business supervision and execution
G
Strengthen transparency and independence
   Strengthen risk
G
management system
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 11
   Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story
 Message from the CEO
Tsubaki’s Governance System: Steadily Strengthening the System to Improve Its Effectiveness
During the implementation period of the MTP2020, we strengthened our governance system from a variety of perspectives in light of the dramatic changes in the external environment and the resultant increase in uncertainties.
For example, in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, we completely separated strategy formulation and supervision (Board of Directors) from business execution (Executive Officers). Removing directors from the management of our businesses has made it easier to advance discussions from the perspective of overall Group optimization, and invigorated deliberations at meetings of the Board of Directors and the Strategy Committee. The objective of this reform was to accelerate the drafting of accurate strategies that can also withstand dramatic changes in the external environment, and I feel that its effects are now beginning to emerge steadily. Unlike previous management plans, we drafted Long-Term Vision 2030 and MTP2025 through backcasting. I believe we were able to draft these plans in this way precisely as a result of this reform.
We increased the number of outside directors to three in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, and appointed a female outside director in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 (the percentage of directors who
Since taking up the mantle of president in 2015 (I am now serving as chairman), I have done my utmost to increase opportunities for direct dialogue with employees. To date, I have held at least one group meeting with almost every line manager, which has helped enhance our communication. I have recently taken to communicating my experiences and thoughts via the in-house newsletter, in response to which I have seen an increase in feedback from employees.
Employees underpin our value creation activities. To
are outside directors stood at 43% following the General Meeting of Shareholders on June 29, 2021). Although we increased the number of outside directors with the intention of utilizing a diverse range of external expertise in our management, the incisive points made and advice offered by outside directors at meetings of the Board of Directors are of an intensity that is beyond comparison with that at previous meetings. As a result, it is my opinion that outside directors are helping to steadily enhance the effectiveness of management in terms of objectivity and flexibility.
In MTP2025, we will further enhance the effectiveness of the systemic reforms that we implemented under MTP2020 while working to strengthen risk management that is tailored to global business expansion. We are increasing the number of personnel, including non-Japanese employees, at the department in charge of global risk within headquarters operations. Meanwhile, we will tighten the audit activities of the Internal Auditing Department, which is under the direct supervision of the president and COO, with a focus primarily on overseas subsidiaries. In tandem with these efforts, we will maintain and strengthen our information infrastructure and accelerate our understanding and analysis of the key performance indicators (KPIs) of overseas subsidiaries.
evolve those activities into something more innovative, it is essential for management and employees to align their direction. We will not be able to attain such an alignment with a purely top-down approach. I am firmly convinced that paying careful attention to both top-down and bottom-up approaches will enable us to achieve value creation activities that surpass society’s expectations and surmount challenging conditions in the external environment, where uncertainties are rising diamatically.
       Dialogue with Employees:The Significance of Increasing Opportunities for Direct Dialogue
   12 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
   
     Management Setup Going Forward
At the General Meeting of Shareholders and a meeting of the Board of Directors held on June 29, 2021, I became chairman and CEO, representative director and Kenji Kose became president and COO, representative director. Looking at our respective careers, I spent many years on assignment overseas and have experience in marketing and management planning, whereas President Kose, whose background is in manufacturing and technology, has expertise in monozukuri. In that sense, our appointments make for a well-balanced management setup.
As I have outlined, the Tsubaki Group faces a variety of unresolved issues. To overcome these issues and realize
To All Our Stakeholders
The Tsubaki Group will aim to become a corporate group that is further valued by society by creating innovative value that anticipates the social issues of the future faced by its customers.
Contributing to society and growing profits are not mutually exclusive. Profit is the ultimate KPI for gauging added value (innovation) as well as being the wellspring of value creation.
Yasushi Ohara (left)
Chairman and CEO, Representative Director
Kenji Kose (right)
President and COO, Representative Director
sustainable growth, it is essential to clarify the roles of the CEO in management strategy planning and supervision and the COO in business execution, and to establish a management setup that makes full use of our expertise.
Going forward, we will strengthen our management foundations by unwaveringly strengthening our existing businesses and conducting monozukuri reforms through DX (digital transformation). Additionally, we will create next-generation businesses, thoroughly implement global risk management, and strengthen our ESG initiatives.
The Tsubaki Group will grow to become a corporate group that continuously increases both social value and economic value simultaneously.
I would like to ask our stakeholders for their ongoing support and understanding in our efforts.
Yasushi Ohara
Chairman and CEO, Representative Director
       TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 13
   Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

  Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story
 Overview of Long-Term Vision 2030 and Mid-Term Management Plan 2025
The Tsubaki Group will strengthen its core technologies and seek out next-generation, new technologies through open innovation while developing its technological domains to encompass Linked Automation technology. These endeavors will allow us to aim to become a corporate group that can contribute to the sustainable growth and development of people, society, and the planet by expanding into next-generation businesses, alongside our existing business domains.
   Mid-Term Management Plan 2025
Stage 1 of the Action Plan for Realizing Long-Term Vision 2030
Strengthen existing businesses and position Stage 1 as a period for planting seeds for new growth to realize the long-term vision
1. Create next-generation businesses that will enable sustainable growth
• Enter new business fields that address social issues
• Create and develop new products and technologies to solve social issues
2. Further establish market position and strengthen profitability of existing businesses
• Leading global products: Maintain and strengthen competitive advantage • Leading niche products: Expand sales by improving price competitiveness
3. Strengthen business foundation through manufacturing reform and enhanced human resource development
4. Strengthen ESG initiatives
E: Reduce total CO2 emissions
S: Enhance social value (Creating shared value) through products G: Strengthen governance and business infrastructure
Profitability Netsales:¥300.0billion–320.0billion Operating income ratio: 9%–11%
  Basic Policy
   Major Numerical Targets
   Capital efficiency
Shareholder returns
Reduction of CO2 emissions
ROE: 8% or more Dividend payout ratio: Based on 30% Down 30% from FY2013 (Target: Domestic)
Down 20% or more from FY2018 (Target: Overseas)
                   14
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
FY2021
FY2025
Seeding period for new fields
(plan)

 Long-Term Vision 2030
 Vision for FY2030 (Where We Want to Be)
We aim to become a corporate group that contributes to solving the following three social issues through Linked Automation technology.
 Creating a people-friendly society
  Building a safe and secure infrastructure for living
Solving social issues
Linked Automation
( A technology domain that is highly functional and highly automated)
Creating an Earth-friendly society
    Solving social issues
        Target sales:
¥ 500.0 billion
New fields
Expansion of business domains through development of new technologies, M&A, alliances, etc.
Innovative growth
Expansion of conventional business through innovative methods, including M&A.
Organic growth
From existing initiatives
Human Assist
Enter automation and support equipment businesses for general consumers
Maintenance
Strengthen maintenance service structure for systems (things that move) to contribute to stable operation of customer facilities
Agriculture Business
Expand agriculture business using Linked Automation technology
Life Science
Participate in the field of regenerative medicine
Energy Infrastructure
Expand into carbon-neutral-related markets
Mobility
Transform from internal combustion engine parts to mobility parts
           FY2030
(plan)
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 15
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story
 Interview with the COO
 16 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
Placing due importance on the essence of needs and on the Three Actualities Principle (actual place, actual thing, and actual fact), we will steadily overcome the challenges ahead of us one by one.
Kenji Kose
President and COO, Representative Director
Career Summary
 April 1977 October 2008 April 2010 June 2013 June 2015 June 2017 June 2018 June 2019 June 2021
Joined Tsubakimoto Chain Co.
General Manager, Small Size Conveyors and Devices, Chain Division
General Manager, Module Business, Materials Handling Division
Executive Officer, Chain Manufacturing Production Technologies, Chain Division Senior Executive Officer, Chain Manufacturing Division
Director and Senior Executive Officer, Chain Manufacturing Division
Director and Managing Executive Officer, Chain Operations
Director
President and COO, Representative Director

  Q1
Based on your past experience, could you describe the points you will emphasize in management following your appointment as president?
After joining the Company, I spent around 20 years in manufacturing and technology and 15 years in product planning. I then helped expand the Module Business and presided over production reform activities at the Kyotanabe Plant as general manager of Chain Division.
There are two major insights that I have gained from my past experience, on which I will continue to place due importance in the future. One is the Three Actualities Principle. A variety of unforeseen circumstances arise at sites where companies are engaged in value creation activities. However, responding by thinking only about the superficial aspects of such circumstances while sitting at a desk will solve nothing. Unless we analyze and deal with the innermost aspects of the actual places, actual things, and actual facts in order to get to the bottom of why the unforeseen
circumstances arose, we will not achieve growth. The Three Actualities Principle is important not only on the monozukuri front lines but also on the front lines of all areas of the business, including technological development, planning, and sales. My mission is to create these strong front lines, which I am certain will serve as the wellspring of our growth going forward.
The other major insight is in regard to the essential meaning of a market-oriented approach. It may well be possible to operate a business to a reasonable degree by catering to what customers want. It is my belief, however, that true value creation is not possible unless we go beyond what customers want, in order to get an understanding where they want to be and what issues they face. In other words, we must get to the core of customer desires.
  Q2
As COO, how do you plan to advance reforms and what priority issues will you set?
I believe that the greatest issues for the Tsubaki Group are the Three Actualities Principle and the pursuit of customer desires, as exemplified by strengthening and accelerating value creation that comes to grips with their essence.
Without exception, customers will face social issues. Taking these social issues as a starting point, we will reform our development and manufacturing processes. Doing so will allow us to maximize added value and generate the resources (economic value) that are essential for creating added value—resources that we will use as a wellspring to create social value. Through this process, a virtuous cycle for sustainable growth will emerge.
The Tsubaki Group has many challenges to address. However, tackling these with social issues as our starting point will compel us to overcome barriers resulting from vertically aligned
business divisions and to change our traditional approach of rigidly adhering to our own technological foundations. Naturally, our development and manufacturing front lines will also evolve in turn.
Ultimately, my priority is to thoroughly pursue the essence of matters. I believe it is my responsibility and my most important task to reinvent the product development, monozukuri, and marketing front lines so that they contribute to the resolution of social issues, which is the fundamental point.
As Chairman and CEO Ohara has already given a detailed description of our strategies, I will refrain from repeating them. As COO, I pledge to our stakeholders that I will devote myself to creating the mechanisms for facilitating innovative value creation.
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 17
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story
 Interview with an Outside Director
  Shuji Abe
Outside Director Chairman, Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Career Summary
Aiming to Foster Disruptive Innovation
How do you rate Long-Term Vision 2030 and Mid-Term Management Plan 2025?
I believe these plans strike a good balance between the spirit to take on challenges on the one hand and solidity on the other. For companies to grow continuously, setting targets at a level high enough that they have to stretch to achieve them is essential. The question is how to ensure solidity until those high targets are reached. In this regard, firmly establishing drivers of growth is particularly important.
Long-Term Vision 2030 and Mid-Term Management Plan 2025 clearly define that the Tsubaki Group will use Linked Automation technology as a driver of growth over the medium to long term. Additionally, the plans specify that the Group will carry out its strategies by dividing a set period into two halves. It will sow the seeds (planting) of new businesses in the opening five years of this period and see them sprout and come into bloom in the latter five years. After dispassionately reexamining its core technologies, the Group is making steady progress in verifying which external cutting-edge technologies it should integrate. I also give high praise to the Group
for clarifying the direction it wants to take—guided by its corporate philosophy—in addressing social issues for achieving the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
How do you feel about the effectiveness of Tsubakimoto Chain’s Board of Directors?
Since separating strategy formulation and supervision from business execution in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, meetings of the Board of Directors have clearly been invigorated, with constructive comments from directors from the perspective of Companywide and Group optimization becoming more prominent.
Going forward, the careful selection of agenda items will be vital. Discussions will be necessary to verify that the implementation measures that the Company is deploying are consistent with the growth track outlined in Long-Term Vision 2030 and Mid-Term Management Plan 2025.
What are your expectations of the newly launched management team of Chairman and CEO Ohara and President and COO Kose? Also, what are your thoughts on issues for the Tsubaki Group going forward?
Going forward, the Tsubaki Group must build on its solid monozukuri foundations to offer kotozukuri (the creation of added value) in the form of solutions provision. In that sense, I have high hopes that the new management duo will utilize their respective expertise in markets and in manufacturing and technology to the greatest extent possible while strengthening the management setup in which Chairman and CEO Ohara has responsibility for strategy formulation and supervision and President and COO Kose is responsible for business execution. In addition, I hope that they will both flexibly and proactively incorporate external expertise, including through interactions with the business community.
The Group has strengthened its vertical management structure. An issue for the Company going forward will be to further strengthen its cross-divisional, horizontal business functions (such as marketing, global expansion of production, and services) with a Companywide perspective. Particularly in terms of marketing and production, I believe that promoting collaboration across business lines will be indispensable for fostering disruptive innovation.
June 1997
June 1999 June 2001 June 2005
June 2007
June 2013
Director, Yanmar Diesel Co., Ltd. (now Yanmar Holdings Co., Ltd.)
Managing Director, Yanmar Diesel Co., Ltd.
Senior Managing Director, Yanmar Diesel Co., Ltd. Executive Vice President, Yanmar Co., Ltd. (now Yanmar Holdings Co., Ltd.)
President, Yanmar Agricultural Equipment Co., Ltd. (now Yanmar Agribusiness Co., Ltd.) Outside Director, Tsubakimoto Chain Co. (incumbent)
18 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021

                 Value Creation Scheme
20 Value Creation Process
22 Engagement with Stakeholders
24 Risks and Opportunities Arising from Changes in the
External Environment and ESG Issues Being Addressed 26 Strategy for Investing Financial Capital
Driving the World... and the Future
                                                                                                                                                                                  TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 19
                      
  Value Creation Scheme
 Value Creation Process
The Tsubaki Group accelerates innovation by proactively strengthening its existing core technologies and introducing next-generation technologies through open innovation. We accurately identify rapidly changing social needs with the aim of creating new value in the field of motion. Expanding our business scale and domains through technological innovation and actively promoting ESG activities will enable us to help solve social issues and increase management visualization, thereby helping us grow into a company that is even more valued by society.
   Tsubaki Group
Corporate Philosophy
We will advance the “art of moving” beyond expectations.
Mid-Term Management Plan 2025
Priority Foundations to Be Strengthened
TSUBAKI SPIRIT
   Key Issues to Address
Climate change
Food shortages
Changes
in the industrial structure
Natural disasters
Technological Foundation
Production and Human Foundations
Financial Capital
Next-generation,
new technologies
Integration of technologies through open innovation
Existing core technologies
Strengthening of foundations centered on DX (digital transfor- mation) reforms
Selection and concentrated investment
   Create next-generation businesses
         20
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
Basic Strategies
 Strengthen the profitability of existing businesses
     Strengthen our business foundations
  Strengthen ESG initiatives
 
 Where We Want to Be: Long-Term Vision 2030
We aim to become a corporate group that contributes to solving social issues through Linked Automation technology.
Net sales
¥300 billion– ¥320 billion
Operating income ratio
9 % –11 %
ROE
8% or more
Dividend payout ratio
Based on 30%
Reduction of CO2 emissions
Down 30% from FY2013
(Target: Domestic)
Down 20% or more
from FY2018
(Target: Overseas)
     • Enter new business fields that address social issues
• Create and develop new products and technologies to solve social issues
   • Leading global products: Maintain and strengthen competitive advantage
• Leading niche products:
Expand sales by improving price competitiveness
   • Reform manufacturing and enhance human resource development
• Proactively invest in new businesses
  • E: Reduce total CO2 emissions
• S: Enhance social value (creating shared value) through products
• G: Enhance business foundation by strengthening governance and minimizing business risks
FY2025 NumericalTargets (Output)
 OUTCOME
 Creating a people- friendly society
    Building a safe and secure infrastructure for living
     Creating an Earth-friendly society
   Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)
  TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 21

 Value Creation Scheme
 Engagement with Stakeholders
The Tsubaki Group’s value creation activities are only possible with the trust of all its stakeholders, including customers, employees, shareholders, investors, suppliers, and local communities. We will return the fruits of our business activities to stakeholders while proactively promoting the realization of a sustainable society by co-creating a variety of value through two-way communication.
   Realizing a Sustainable Society
    Customers
• Solutions
• Provision of added value
Employees
     • Social contribution activities
Local Communities
• Helping to make work more rewarding
• Fair remuneration for work
•Timely and appropriate disclosure • Shareholder returns
 Tsubaki Group
  •Technological support • ESG co-creation
Suppliers
Shareholders and Investors
  22
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
Environment
Priority foundation forming the cornerstone of business activities and society as a whole

   Target
Major Tsubaki Initiatives
Initiative Details
      Customers
• Development and provision of high-added-value products, including Eco Products (SDG-oriented products)
• Provision of solutions directly connected to issues facing customers
• Cultivation of employees and enhancement of their motivation, passing on of technologies and skills
P34 P50
                  Employees
• Thorough implementation of safety management and P52— promotion of health and productivity management P54
• Thorough respect for human rights
• Promotion of diversity (workstyle reforms)
• Implementation of shareholder returns based on a standard dividend payout ratio of 30%
                    Shareholders and Investors
P26 • Disclosure of information in a timely and appropriate P58—
     manner
• Provision of forums for two-way communication
• Implementation of sustainability training
• Conducting of surveys on progress of environmental
compliance and implementation of site visits
• Building of relationships of trust and improvement of productivity, promotion of learning from one another
in relation to environmental conservation
P60
P51
P56
            Suppliers
           Local Communities
         • Collaboration with local communities and promotion of social contribution activities
• Implementation of activities supporting the development of the next generation, such as hands- on monozukuri workshops and environmental education
   • Proactive development of activities to address climate change and reduce total CO2 emissions
    Environment
• Acceleration of resource recycling and activities in P48— harmony with nature P50
• Promotion of the development and sale of SDG- oriented products (Eco Products)
     TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 23
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 Value Creation Scheme
 Risks and Opportunities Arising from Changes in the External Environment
Amid a rapidly changing external environment and increasing uncertainties, the Tsubaki Group is promoting a range of initiatives to minimize derived risks and accurately and quickly understand growth opportunities.
         E
Environmental
Climate change
Other environmental destruction
Declining birthrate and aging population/Labor shortages
Diversifying workstyles
       S
Social
Human rights and gender issues
Increasing awareness of safety and security
Rapidly changing external environment and increasing uncertainties
Stricter corporate governance and compliance rules
          G
Governance
       24 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
Key Changes in the External Environment
Tsubaki’s Understanding of Risks and Opportunities
 • Global environmental issues are an urgent priority for the whole world and constitute a major risk. In addition to threatening the existence of the Group’s businesses, these issues could also bring about higher costs in a number of ways. Through initiatives aimed at global environmental conservation, we will contribute to mitigating these issues while tackling them as a means to fulfill our social responsibility.
• SDG-oriented products (Eco Products) that contribute to energy saving and reducing CO2 emissions are the source of Tsubaki’s competitiveness. We will aim to simultaneously contribute to society and increase economic value by accelerating the development of these value-added products.
 • Labor shortages pose a major risk to the continuity of Tsubaki’s businesses. Our policy is to convert this risk into a growth opportunity. We will do so by respecting human rights, addressing gender issues, and creating safe, secure, and comfortable working environments to attract and secure necessary human resources, thereby overcoming labor shortages and strengthening our foundation for sustainable growth.
• Tsubaki specializes in products for labor saving and automation. The increase in awareness of labor shortages, health, safety, and security constitutes a major growth opportunity that will lead to an increase in demand for such products.
• As the business environment changes dramatically and uncertainties increase, Tsubaki must put in place a structure for swift strategy planning and business execution and implement strict risk management if it is to achieve sustainable growth. Also, given that compliance misconduct seriously impacts a company’s business continuity potential and viability, the Company believes that promoting initiatives to eliminate misconduct and mitigate risks is of the utmost importance.
• Tsubaki recognizes that increasing management visibility will help it win public trust and that leveraging external knowledge in its management will become the driving force that strengthens its growth potential.

 and ESG Issues Being Addressed
 Tsubaki’s Initiatives and Issues
• Set reduction targets for total CO2 emissions as an environmental medium- to long-term target (FY2025 reduction targets: 30% vs. FY2013 in Japan and 20% or more vs. FY2018 overseas)
• Promoting a switch to energy-saving production methods, an expansion of energy-saving equipment such as solar power generation, and the purchase of renewable energies
• In addition to reducing CO2 emissions, advancing the reduction and reuse of waste, water consumed, and hazardous substances as well as the greening of factories
• Expanding the aforementioned initiatives to overseas subsidiaries
• Promoting compliance with SBT*1 and the TCFD,*2 in addition to the CDP,*3 with which we already comply
• Providing support for the progress of the development and sale of products that have higher added value through
environmental performance, and examining the establishment of KPIs that help quantify environmental contribution with the aim of accelerating the development and sale of such products
• Promoting a variety of enlightenment activities to raise employee awareness
• Increasing the ratio of female employees and encouraging their appointment to management positions as part of efforts
to promote diversity
• Putting in place an environment where seniors can take an active role as core human resources by extending the
mandatory retirement age to 65
• Encouraging the taking of paid leave and accommodating diverse workstyles such as remote working and staggered
working hours as part of workstyle reforms. Going forward, Tsubaki will work to promote an increase in operational
efficiency by making full use of DX (digital transformation)
• Strengthening the passing on of technologies and skills by leveraging the Techno School, Tsubaki’s original program, and
expanding human resource cultivation programs based on the Companywide educational system to all job categories. Implementing the global trainee system and carrying out overseas foreign language training for new employees with the aim of realizing the early development of globally minded human resources
• Promoting the development and sales expansion of SDG-oriented products (Eco Products) that contribute to labor saving, automation, and the establishment of safe and secure infrastructure for living, and monitoring their progress using KPIs
• Separated strategy formulation and supervision (Board of Directors) from business execution (executive officers) and reduced the number of directors to a select few individuals
• Established the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which is chaired by an outside director
• Clarified the responsibility of directors for improving corporate value and promoted performance incentives including
the introduction of a stock-based compensation plan for internal directors
• Percentage of outside directors stood at 43% as of June 20, 2021
• Continuously strengthening initiatives designed to prevent risks from materializing and to minimize losses in event
of manifestation
• Continuously carrying out employee awareness activities in order to ensure thorough compliance with laws and
regulations. Also set up internal and external (manned by a legal adviser) Corporate Ethics Hotlines
• Enhancing the effectiveness of the governance system and strengthening the global risk management system
*1 Science-based targets (SBT) are greenhouse gas emission reduction targets consistent with the 2°C target (1.5°C target) requirements of the Paris Agreement.
*2 The Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommends that companies analyze the impact of climate change on their financial status in terms of both risks and
business opportunities and disclose climate-related information about their strategies and risk management plans.
*3 The CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project) runs the global information disclosure system for investors, companies, cities, and regions to manage their environmental impacts.
            Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 25

Value Creation Scheme
 Strategy for Investing Financial Capital
In addition to increasing net sales, Mid-Term Management Plan 2025 will strengthen initiatives for improving profitability (operating income ratio) and capital efficiency (ROE).
In our scheme for improving profitability and capital efficiency, we will thoroughly manage each business using indicators tailored to their respective characteristics. These indicators include net sales per employee, gross margin ratio, current assets turnover ratio, and fixed assets turnover ratio.
In terms of capital allocation, meanwhile, we have
earmarked ¥30.0 billion to ¥36.0 billion of the sum of ¥50.0 billion to ¥60.0 billion (cumulative total) of the free cash flow that we expect to generate over the five years of Mid-Term Management Plan 2025 for upfront investment in developing new businesses while we will devote the remaining ¥20.0 billion to ¥24.0 billion to shareholder returns based on a standard dividend payout ratio of 30%.
As we have yet to decide on strategic investments, such as M&As, these have not been included in the ¥30.0 billion to ¥36.0 billion allocated for developing new businesses and are under a separate framework.
Mid-Term Management Plan 2025—Scheme of Initiatives for Increasing ROE
Publicly announced KPIs for intra-Group management KPIs for business management
           ROE
Net income
Shareholders’ equity
8% or more
ROA
Operating income*
Total assets
* Operating income by segment is used as an internal KPI
Profitability
Operating income ratio
• Net sales per employee
• Gross margin ratio
Expand business domains / improve COS ratio / revise prices
    • Current assets turnover ratio
Inventory turnover ratio / AR turnover ratio
• Fixed assets turnover ratio
Improve operating rate / sale of idle assets / investment efficiency
 Efficiency
Total asset turnover
    • Interest-bearing debt ratio
• Shareholder return
Dividend payout ratio: Based on 30% Acquire treasury stock
 Financial soundness
Financial leverage
Total assets
Shareholders’ equity
  Investment in developing new businesses (research and development investment and capital investment)
¥30.0 billion–¥36.0 billion
 Shareholder returns (dividend payout ratio of 30%)
¥20.0 billion–¥24.0 billion
26 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
Capital Allocation during Mid-Term Management Plan 2025
Funding
Expected free cash flow (FY2021–FY2025)
¥50.0 billion– ¥60.0 billion
Allocation Guide
 
                 Business Strategy
28 Power Transmission Operations (Chain Operations and
Motion Control Operations)
30 Mobility Operations
32 Materials Handling Operations
34 Value Creation atTsubaki: Case Studies
Driving the World... and the Future
                                                                                                                                                                                  TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 27
                      
  Business Strategy
 PowerTransmission Operations (Chain Operations
                  Yasushi Nagai
Managing Executive Officer Power Transmission Operations
Key Points of Our Growth Strategy
Expand global production system leveraging the small and smart plant concept (Chain)
Broaden our lineup of products with a competitive edge and promote their global rollout (Motion Control)
Take on the challenge of entering into new business domains and expand the maintenance business (common to Chain and Motion Control)
 Overview of Mid-Term Management Plan 2020 (MTP2020) (FY2017 to FY2020)
Chain Operations
Net sales fluctuated greatly over the four years of MTP2020, increasing significantly during the first half of the plan but decreasing in the second half due to
the impact of the global economic downturn.
Chain Operations proactively introduced a range of new products with enhanced environmental performance and strength. For small-size roller chains, Chain Operations promoted global optimized production by unifying the specifications of parts. At the same time, Chain Operations improved productivity significantly by continuously promoting production reform activities.
As a result of these efforts, the operating income ratio rose from 11.7% in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 to 14.3% in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 and has remained at a high level exceeding 12% since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, despite the decline in net sales.
Motion Control Operations
With an eye on sustainable growth over the medium to long term, Motion Control Operations revised its product portfolio, including by removing certain low-margin products from its lineup. Motion Control Operations also focused its management resources on the development of (1) leading niche products such as clutches and electric cylinders and (2) high-value-added composite units
Net sales declined from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 due to the removal of the low-margin products and the impact of the global economic downturn. In addition to the decline in net sales, the operating income ratio in the final year of MTP2020 (FY2020) slumped to 4.1% due to costs associated with structural reforms and the burden of investments aimed at developing new products and improving productivity over the medium to long term.
Chain Operations
 Net sales (left) (Billions of yen)
Operating income ratio (right)
 100.0 75.0 50.0 25.0
67.3
72.0
67.5
61.3
12.8
¥85.0 billion 20
15
15% or
more 10
5
¥80.0 billion–
(%)
 60.6
11.7
   12.6
14.3
12.4
00
  2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Motion Control Operations
2025 (FY) (Plan)
 Net sales (left) (Billions of yen)
Operating income ratio (right)
40.0 30.0 20.0 10.0
¥32.0 billion–
21.5 24.1
10.3 12.7
25.5
23.8
9.2
  13.1
00 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2025 (FY)
(Plan)
Major Growth Strategies in Mid-Term Management Plan 2025 (MTP2025)
Chain Operations
1. Enhance Global Production Sites through DX (Digital Transformation) Reforms
With a long history of enhancing its production system in Japan and the United States, Chain Operations has established a solid position in both markets. We established a manufacturing subsidiary in China in 2012, that began contributing to business profit from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, by steadily capturing demand for high-end products in China and neighboring regions in Asia.
Measures in response to the European market represent an unresolved issue for Chain Operations.
19.6
4.1
(%) ¥35.0 billion 20 15
10 12% or 5
more
   28 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021

and Motion Control Operations)
SWOT Analysis (Representative Strengths/Weaknesses/Opportunities for Growth/Threats)
   CS broad product lineup
Strengths
hain: Overwhelming superiority in terms of performance and quality and
Motion Control: Competitive edge and composite technologies for clutches and electric cylinders
W Weaknesses
Chains: Competitiveness in the European market
Motion Control: Competitiveness of reducers and product development capabilities
    O Opportunities for Growth
• Improved productivity, environment-friendliness, labor savings, etc. • Rise in demand for higher performance in motion domain in general
•TGlobal economic stagnation
Threats
   Despite seeking to establish a European production site through mergers and acquisitions (M&As) over the past few years, the scarcity of good investment opportunities has led us to conclude that it would require too much time to raise such a site to Tsubaki’s level of quality. Accordingly, we are examining a plan using a new approach.
The Kyotanabe Plant has started production reform activities (LinK2025). These activities maintain and improve the quality of products and operations without human intervention by optimizing human involvement in everything from design and manufacturing to indirect operations by means of automation, with the aim of reducing the burden on people and creating loss- and waste-free monozukuri. We will seek to launch small and smart plants by applying this reform at new production sites in Europe and elsewhere to realize high-quality monozukuri that is not dependent on individuals. By establishing an optimal supply system, we will enhance our competitiveness and further expand our market share. 2. Expand New Domains by Accelerating the
Development of New Futuristic Products
Throughout our history, we have contributed to society by creating an array of new products, such as chains, that help realize energy savings and a clean environment for our customers’ manufacturing lines and products (equipment). While continuing to pursue such initiatives for increasing added value, we will also take on the challenge of entering into completely new domains. For example, we will strive to create next-generation chains that offset the heaviness, tendency to stretch, noisiness, and other weaknesses of metal chains, by changing materials and manufacturing processes. These next-generation products will include ultra-small chains
for precision medical devices and chains that realize an ultra-light weight.
Motion Control Operations
1. Expand and Roll out Competitive Products Globally We will further strengthen our range of products in which Tsubaki has a competitive edge, such as clutches, electric cylinders, composite units that employ zip-chain technology, and DC brushless motors. In addition, we will promote our global expansion by developing unique products with new functions that customers require.
2. Enter into New Businesses Combining Cutting-Edge Technologies
The Tsubaki Group specializes in remote monitoring units for manufacturing lines and other settings. Combining these units with various motion control products and image recognition, autonomous control, and other technologies enables the realization of further labor saving and automation. We will proactively take on the challenge of entering into such new business domains.
Strategies Common to Chain and Motion Control Operations
Eliminate Divisional Silos to Embrace Co-Creation
Both chain and motion control products are mechanical elements used in driving and conveying. Ridding ourselves of the silo mentality that thinks in terms of the Chain Operations and the Motion Control Operations, we will deploy the comprehensive strengths of Power Transmission Operations to strengthen our product development from the perspective of customers and society. We will also build solid relationships of trust with customers, by strengthening and expanding digital marketing and maintenance services that are highly attuned to market needs.
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 29
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

     Business Strategy
 Mobility Operations
                     Masaki Miyaji
Senior Executive Officer Mobility Operations
Key Points of Our Growth Strategy
Accelerate product development in order to broaden business areas from a focus on automobiles to mobility in general
For the environment-friendly vehicle market, expand lineup of highly functional parts that are used in a wide range of vehicles, spanning internal combustion engine vehicles to electric vehicles (EVs)
Achieve stable supply and strengthen profitability of timing chain systems for automobile engines
     Net sales (left) (Billions of yen)
Operating income ratio (right)
Major Growth Strategies in Mid-Term Management Plan 2025 (MTP2025)
1. Expand Business Areas to Mobility in General
Without restricting itself to automobiles in the motion domain, Mobility Operations has already begun product development and commercialization initiatives in a wide range of mobility fields, such as highly functional chains and clutches for electric bicycles (e-Bikes).
2. Develop and Offer Highly Functional Parts for Environment-Friendly Vehicles
Technological innovation in automobiles for achieving carbon neutrality is diversifying to cater for hybrid and plug-in hybrid vehicles, batteries and fuel cells, and hydrogen engines. Whatever the direction of technological innovation, Tsubaki will continue to expand its lineup of high-value-added in-vehicle parts used in an extensive range of environment-friendly vehicles. In particular, we will strengthen our development of new products in the clutch domain, in which we specialize, and our proposal activities targeting automobile manufacturers and major automobile parts manufacturers.
3. Strengthen the Profitability of Timing Chain (%) Systems
100.0 75.0 50.0 25.0
16.5
79.5 12.9
78.9
¥95.0 billion– ¥100.0 billion 20
11% or 15 more
10
5
We leveraged our superiority in terms of environmental performance, quality, and other factors to achieve a steady increase in orders for timing chain systems for new engines during the period of MTP2020. We have almost completed our development of products that comply with new environmental regulations for automobiles in Europe, China, and other countries and regions, and are putting in place a system for mass production. In addition, we will use earnings from timing
 70.9
   30
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
Overview of Mid-Term Management Plan 2020 (MTP2020) (FY2017 to FY2020)
Intensifying trade friction between the U.S. and China and the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic had a direct impact on the automobile market, the primary destination for our products. A fall in gasoline prices in the U.S. prompted a recovery in demand for large vehicles, leading to a challenging business environment for Mobility Operations, which has strengths in environment-friendly vehicles. Despite maintaining its No. 1 share of the global market for timing chain systems for automobile engines, the segment’s net sales decreased. In addition, the operating income ratio declined as the impact of trade friction and COVID-19 were compounded by factors including an increase in the burden of depreciation and amortization associated with the enhancement of global production sites.
Entering the final year of MTP2020 (FY2020), the automobile market was on a recovery path, particularly in China. As a result, net sales for Mobility Operations rebounded sharply after bottoming out in the first quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 and the operating income ratio recovered to double-digits to stand at 11.8% in the fourth quarter of the same fiscal year.
75.1
 11.
1
57.7
  8.2
00 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2025 (FY)
(Plan)
6.4
  
 SWOT Analysis (Representative Strengths/Weaknesses/Opportunities for Growth/Threats)
  •S
• Proposal capabilities for new technologies and global supply
Strengths
W Weaknesses
• High dependence on products for internal combustion engines
  Competitive edge in terms of environmental performance and quality
capabilities
  O Opportunities for Growth
• Further increase in the functionality and performance of automobiles and motorcycles
• Technological innovations for environment-friendly vehicles (opportunity for equipping such vehicles with our products)
Fluctuations in automobile production volumes arising from global •T
Threats
  material procurement problems and other issues
• Higher than anticipated acceleration of the shift to electric vehicles (EVs)
 Direction of Environment-Friendly Technological Innovation for Automobiles and Tsubaki’s Corresponding Products
 BEV (battery electric vehicle) (In-wheel motor drive, etc.)
     BEV and FCV (fuel cell vehicle)
 Cable carriers
Zip Chain Actuators
   HV (hybrid vehicle) and PHV (plug-in hybrid vehicle)
   chain systems to develop products for the growing mobility market while addressing customer needs, such as for lower cost and higher functionality.
4. Improve Cost Competitiveness and Supply Capabilities (Promote Automation and Globally Optimized Production)
Our cost structure improved significantly thanks to a variety of initiatives aimed at raising productivity that we have pursued continuously, such as digitizing process management. Going forward, we will reduce our ratio of fixed costs by further progressing automation. We are also utilizing our production system spanning eight countries and 14 plants around the world to embark on the rebuilding of the system from the perspective of
overall optimization. In addition, we have established an environment-friendly plant. We will continue to further strengthen our cost competitiveness and supply capabilities by implementing productivity improvement activities and globally optimized production.
Tensioner plant implementing thorough automation and environmental compliance (Saitama Plant)
Power drive chains EneDrive Chains
One-way clutches
   Hydrogen engine vehicles and e-fuel (e-gasoline/e-Diesel)
Timing chain systems
Guide levers
Tensioners
Roller chains
Silent chains
  TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 31
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

     Business Strategy
 Materials Handling Operations
                    Masafumi Okamoto
Senior Executive Officer Materials Handling Operations
Key Points of Our Growth Strategy
Proactively promote the system integration business
Achieve stable business growth and improve profitability while understanding changes in customer needs and contributing to the creation of new businesses and products by expanding the maintenance business
Take on the challenge of advancing into new business domains, and bolster solutions provision capabilities
    Net sales (left) Operating income ratio (right) (Billions of yen)
Major Growth Strategies in Mid-Term Management Plan 2025 (MTP2025)
1. Expand the System Integration Business
Tsubaki’s greatest strength lies in its development of original products that are grounded in technological innovation. Leveraging this strength, we have built up
a firm position in a variety of fields, including those for high-speed automated sorting equipment and automated storage systems for life sciences. Moving forward, we will promote system integration based on these products with high market shares.
For example, we will build new distribution systems by combining Tsubaki’s high-speed automated sorting equipment with the products of other companies, thereby strengthening our proposal-based sales activities. Meanwhile, for equipment for automated PCR testing, we will take on the challenge of developing a large-scale system that handles all the testing processes, rather than limiting ourselves to equipment for automating the preliminary processes.
2. Accelerate the Expansion of the Maintenance Business
The fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, saw maintenance- (%) related net sales reach a record-high level. Expanding the 15 maintenance business will have a beneficial effect on the
100.0 75.0
50.0 41.0 44.1 25.0 1.7
0
2016 2017
¥90.0 billion– ¥95.0 billion
 61.8 64.2
2018 2019
53.6
2020
6% or 10 more
5
0
-5 2025 (FY)
(Plan)
stable growth and improvement in profitability of Materials Handling Operations, which experiences significant fluctuations in net sales. Firstly, gaining an understanding of latent customer needs on the front lines where equipment is being used will help us develop new businesses. Additionally, we will also contribute to the expansion of net sales in the Chain and Motion Control
   32
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
Overview of Mid-Term Management Plan 2020 (MTP2020) (FY2017 to FY2020)
Materials Handling Operations expanded its share of the Japanese market for automated sorting equipment, one of its strengths, and performed strongly in the maintenance business and in sales of environment-friendly bulk handling systems equipment. Reflecting the impact of M&As, the segment recorded average annual sales growth of 6.9% over the four years of MTP2020.
Results for operating income contrasted with the steady growth in sales. In particular, the performance of our U.S. subsidiary deteriorated significantly in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 due to the lengthening of works periods arising from the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. Excluding this temporary factor, the operating income ratio for Materials Handling Operations changed from 0.9% in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 to 5.3% in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021.
Tsubaki is a leading player in the field of automatic ultra-low temperature storage units, such as those for compounds used in pharmaceutical development as well as DNA and cells used in medical research. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, Materials Handling Operations developed equipment for automated polymerase chain reaction (PCR) testing that applied and developed existing technology. This development further expanded the segment’s social contribution.
     0.9
0.7
1.0
-4.1

 SWOT Analysis (Representative Strengths/Weaknesses/Opportunities for Growth/Threats)
  •S development
Strengths
• Solutions provision capabilities for customers
W Weaknesses • Profitability of overseas subsidiaries
  Original product development capabilities grounded in technological
  O Opportunities for Growth
• Increase in labor-saving, automation, and noncontact needs • Increase in social awareness of safety, security, and health • Growth in maintenance needs in Tsubaki’s business domains
•TDecline in the competitiveness of core products
Threats
   operations by capturing replacement demand for chains and motion control products.
3. Take On the Challenge of Advancing into New Business Domains and Bolster Solutions Provisions Capabilities
Leveraging our original product development capabilities, we aim to further expand our customer base and advance the “art of moving” beyond expectations. To give an example, the life science business has the potential to expand into the new domain of regenerative medicine and other bioscience fields. Meanwhile, in the logistics domain, we will bolster our solutions provision capabilities to improve processes for logistics as a whole.
4. Strengthen Global Management and Create Synergies
Materials Handling Operations has expanded its global network through M&As and other means. Two tasks
we face going forward will be implementing rigorous global management and creating synergies among Group companies.
With a focus on three domains—automobiles, construction, and maintenance—we have rebuilt
the organizational system of our U.S. subsidiary, the performance of which was the cause of our operating loss in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, and substantially strengthened its corporate governance.
In terms of creating synergies among Group companies, we will take on the challenge of implementing such measures as expanding the life science business—which has a solid track record in Japan—overseas and spreading the business model
of our U.S. subsidiary, which is leading the way in system integration, to our operations in other countries.
Equipment for automated PCR testing
  LiniSort S-C (combines robots to raise the level of automation)
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 33
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

Business Strategy
 Value Creation at Tsubaki: Case Studies
Delivering the World’s Most Advanced Distribution System
(for Mail-Order Shopping Distribution) Featuring 330 Small AGVs
One of our distribution systems has been adopted by Orbis Inc. as a new form of distribution solution. Increasing the efficiency of shipping cosmetics and other products that have a large number of items per order had become an issue for Orbis. In response, we proposed a distribution system using our small automatic guided vehicles (AGVs).* One AGV is assigned per order, and the system automates everything from the pickup of products through to their shipment. Under this system, 330 small AGVs use AI technology to move and circulate along optimal routes to perform pickups and shipments.
Adopting this system realized highly efficient operations at Orbis’s
distribution center, enabling a 30% increase in its shipping capacity, a 27%
reduction in personnel, an 18% cut in shipping costs, and a 40% reduction in power consumption. * Small AGVs use robots manufactured by Zhejiang Libiao Robot of China. This system uses robots customized for its operation.
Contributing to the Automation of COVID-19 PCR Testing
  Small AGVs in operation at a distribution center
  We have developed and delivered inactivated saliva dispensing equipment for use in the saliva-based COVID-19 PCR testing kit offered by Rakuten Group, Inc. Reducing the risk of infection of, and human error by, testing personnel and increasing the number of tests they process had become an issue for testing organizations. The equipment we developed fully automates the preliminary processing, from reading a sample’s ID to dispensing it, which used to be done manually by testing personnel. The equipment has enabled the preliminary processing of 205 samples per hour.
Automated mini laboratory
  We are also working in partnership with the Kitasato Institute and Toyobo Co., Ltd.
to commercialize a system for fully automating the mass testing of COVID-19 samples using a pooling
method. Using the automated mini laboratory developed by Tsubaki, this testing system can operate unattended and at night to test the samples of 13,000 people per day.
Launching the Industry’s First Bi-Directional Charging System (eLINK DC)
Compatible with DC Power Supply Systems
We have launched eLINK DC as the latest model in our lineup of eLINK products that connect electric vehicle (EV) batteries to power grids. As previous eLINK products used equipment such as solar power generators to convert direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC), there was a significant loss of power during conversion, which became a problem. eLINK DC interconnects DC equipment such as solar power generators with EV batteries directly and carries out a batch conversion to AC at the end of the process. By reducing the number of power conversions and minimizing power loss during conversion, eLINK DC helps save energy and reduce CO2 emissions.
eLINK DC
Inactivated saliva dispensing equipment
  In addition, as this product enables highly accurate power charge and discharge control through instruction from an energy management system (EMS), it also contributes to the achievement of carbon neutrality by helping reduce demand during peak hours.
34 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021

                 Business Overview
36 Tsubaki’s Business Domains
38 Supporting Society through Our Products 40 Value Creation History
42 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
(Consolidated)
44 Tsubaki’s Global Network
Driving the World... and the Future
                                                                                                                                                                                  TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 35
                      
Business Overview
 Tsubaki’s Business Domains
The Tsubaki Group’s four core businesses are chains, motion control, mobility, and materials handling. With the aim of offering solutions that help solve social issues, we advance motion technologies from machinery parts to automated systems.
FY2020 Net Sales (Consolidated)
¥193.3 billion
 Others
¥3.9 billion
Materials Handling Operations
¥53.6 billion
Mobility Operations
¥57.7 billion
Net Sales by Segment*1
Chain Operations
¥61.3 billion
Motion Control Operations
¥19.6 billion
    Mobility Operations (formerly Automotive Parts Operations)
Also Catering to Next-Generation Mobility
Mobility Operations enjoys the No. 1 share
of the global market for timing chain systems that contribute to high-performing, lightweight, and eco-friendly automotive engines. With a production system encompassing eight countries, this business has earned plaudits from the world’s automobile manufacturers for its quality and technological adaptability. Mobility Operations
is also expanding the scope of its activities to include next-generation mobility, offering a lineup of such products as EneDrive Chains that are compatible with electric vehicles (EVs), next- generation eco-friendly cars, and Cam Clutches.
37
 Timing Chain Systems
% No. 1 share*2 of the global market
  *1 Net sales includes intersegment sales and transfers
FY2020 Operating Income (Consolidated)
¥8.8 billion
Operating Income by Segment
   Chain Operations
Motion Control Operations
Mobility Operations
¥7.8 billion
¥0.8 billion ¥3.7 billion
–¥2.2 billion –¥0.3 billion
   Materials Handling Operations
Others
 36 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
   Chain Operations
Underpinning All Forms of Motion
Wherever materials are being moved, there are chains. Chain Operations offers a lineup of approximately 20,000 types of chain, including drive chains, conveyor chains, and plastic chains. This business delivers optimal chains of the highest quality that help raise productivity, save energy, and improve the environment for a host of industries, including the machine tool, automobile, steel, LCD/semiconductor, and food industries. Our No.1 share of the global market for steel chains is testament to our credibility.
16
        Industrial-Use Steel Chains
% No. 1 share*2 of the global market
 
    Motion Control Operations (formerly PowerTransmission Units and Components Operations)
Realizing Optimal Motion and Control
through an Extensive Product Lineup
In the field of motion and control, Motion Control Operations offers an extensive product lineup, including reducers, linear actuators, clutches, and controllers. Making use of Tsubaki’s unique composite technologies, these products precisely control the complex movements of industrial machinery. This business accurately meets motion needs in a wide range of industries, such as automobiles, LCD/semiconductors, food, medical equipment, and machine tools.
76
        Power Cylinders (motorized cylinders) % No. 1 share*2 of the Japanese market
    Materials Handling Operations
Accurately Managing the Movement of Materials and Information
Materials Handling Operations products accurately and smoothly manage the flow
of materials and information by means of conveying, sorting, and storing. In addition to automated sorting equipment for the distribution industry and automated storage systems for
the life sciences field, this business offers solutions that help improve the productivity of its customers and reduce their environmental impact, such as through manufacturing lines for the automobile, food, and other industries, and conveyors for biomass power plants and the machine tool industry.
70
Tilt-Tray Sorter
% No. 1 share*2 of the Japanese market
Product Information
https://www.tsubakimoto.com/products/
New Businesses
Taking On the Challenge of Creating New Added Value
We have developed products for new domains, such as the agriculture business, power conditioning systems (V2X bi-directional EV charging systems),*3 and monitoring systems, based on the core technologies (winding transmission technology, optimizing technology, and mass production technology) we have amassed over the course of our history.
Moving forward, we will refine our core technologies and accelerate our efforts to take on challenges in new business domains by making full use of next-generation technologies. With a focus on Linked Automation, we aim to contribute to the resolution of new social issues through high functionality and advanced automation (automation, labor saving, contactless).
*3 A bi-directional charging system that connects electric vehicles and plug-in electric vehicles (EVs and PHEVs) with the power grid to enable the mutual supply of power.
Systems for plant factories
V2X bi-directional Monitoring EV charging systems
systems
    *2 Source: Tsubakimoto Chain Co.
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 37
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 Business Overview
 Supporting Society through Our Products
General Industrial Applications
Vehicles
Resources / Materials
    Machine part manufacturing equipment
 RS roller chains, Zip chain actuators, gear reducers, other
  Automotive power sliding doors
 Cable carriers
   Offshore oilfield platforms
 Cable carriers
Chain Operations
Motion
Control Operations
   Lines manufacturing medical rubber gloves
 Large-size conveyor chains
   Automobile assembly plants
 Four-axis Zip Chain Lifter
  Conveyor equipment for coal mines
 Mining chains
    Robots
  Machine tools
 ATC chains
 Cable carriers
   Nursing care vehicles
  Gear reducers, chains, couplings, cable carriers
    Iron ore unloaders
  Unloader chains
      Transporting machine tool swarf
 Chip conveyors
  Part conveyor equipment for vehicle service plants
 Autoran Vanguard
  Coil stockyards
 Coil Robo
Materials
Handling Operations
  Press plants
 Scrap conveyors
  Vehicle painting lines
 New traverser systems
  Cement plants
 Bucket elevators
       Mobility Operations
New Businesses
Timing chain systems for automobile engines
Power Drive Chains for four-wheel drive units
One-way clutches for vehicles
EneDrive Chains for powertrains (electric vehicles / hybrid electric vehicles)
  38 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021

 Food / Medicine
Infrastructure / Consumer / Environment Entertainment Facilities
   Sorting machines for apple processing plants
 Small-size conveyor chains
  Passenger boarding bridges for airports
 Power cylinders, cable carriers, other
  Claw crane arcade games
 Conveyors for conveyor belt sushi restaurants
 Cable carriers
 Plastic top chains
    Beverage plants
  Plastic top chains
   Watertight doors for subways and disaster prevention purposes
  Movable barriers for train station platforms
 Devices for opening and closing stadium roofs
 Zip chain units
 Brushless motors, timing belts, other
 Steel cable carrier system
     CT (computed tomography) scanners
 Power cylinders, gear reducers, other
   Floodgates
  Cable carriers
    Stage elevator equipment
 Escalators
 Zip chain lifter
 Step chains
     Automatic handling system for plant factories
 Autoran Vanguard
  Biomass power plants
 Bucket elevators, conveyor chains
   Mail-order shopping distribution systems
  Bond document management systems
 QuickSort
 Security Stocker
   Regenerative medicine, etc.
 PCR testing
 LaboStocker
 Equipment for automated PCR testing
   Desulfurization and denitrification devices (steel plants)
 PB Pivotveyor, NAB Aprovator
   Newspaper printing plants
 Mail-order shopping distribution systems
  Paper-feeding AGV
 Shipping system using small AGVs
                  V2X bi-directional EV charging systems
 eLINK
    Plant factories
 Automatic seedling transplanter unit
Cloud server
IoT platform
   Farms and plant Factories Public utilities Large facilities factories and buildings
IoT-based remote monitoring software
  MitaMon
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 39
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

  Business Overview
 Value Creation History
Since our establishment in 1917, we have developed our businesses by building up our unique technological and product development capabilities, which are our strengths, while anticipating the needs of the times for over a century.
1917 Founded in Oyodo-ku (now Kita-ku), Osaka. Made bicycle chains.
1923 Commenced manufacture of chains for machinery
1928 Completely shifted from the manufacture of bicycle chains to chains for machinery
Production floor for making chains for machinery, which would become a designated plant of the Ministry of the Navy
1931 Began sales via distributors throughout Asia
1937 Delivered a large-scale conveyor plant
(commenced Materials Handling Operations)
1938 Constructed and moved to the Tsurumi Plant
in Osaka
1949 Listed shares on the Osaka and Tokyo Stock Exchanges
1950 Exported roller chains to the United States for the first time
1957 Began production of automobile timing chains (commenced Automotive Parts Operations)
1958 Developed large chain reducers (commenced Power Transmission Units and Components Operations)
1962 Completed construction of Saitama Plant
Handling system for a chemical fertilizer plant (bucket elevator)
1970 Established a joint venture company in Taiwan (first overseas base)
1971 Completed construction of Kyoto Plant (now Nagaokakyo Plant)
1971 Established Tsubakimoto USA, Inc. (later U.S. Tsubaki Holdings, Inc.) in the U.S.,
entering the North American market
1972 Established a sales company in the Netherlands. Later established sales companies in Canada and the Asian region
1986 U.S. Tsubaki Holdings, Inc. (UST) acquired a chain manufacturing company. Began production of chains for machinery in the U.S.
1989 Began local production of timing chains at UST in the U.S.
 The 1910s Onward
Contributing to Japan’s Rapid Modernization and Industrialization
Tsubaki was founded in 1917 to manufacture bicycle chains. Inspired by Western-made weaving machines, the Company shifted completely to the manufacture of chains for machinery in anticipation of the progress of mechanization in Japan. In accordance with customer requirements, we expanded our product lineup from drive chains to include conveyor chains. In addition, in 1937 we delivered a large-scale conveyor plant that used chains to a cement factory, thereby widening the scope of our businesses to encompass the materials handling domain.
The Mid-1940s Onward
Underpinning Japan’s Postwar Reconstruction and High Economic Growth
Tsubaki developed chains for public-sector investment projects, such as infrastructure development during postwar reconstruction, and handling systems for coal and fertilizer, which were key national industries. The Company contributed to Japan’s industrial and manufacturing development by developing and mass-producing a succession of world-class chains and handling systems that underpinned Japan’s high economic growth. In 1957, when the wave of motorization also came to Japan, we then began production of timing chains for automobile engines and established a system for the mass production of automotive parts. In 1958, we branched out into the power transmission units and components field (now motion control) with the development of large chain reducers.
The 1970s Onward
Developing Products in Keeping with Drastic Change in the Industrial Structure
With Japan’s industrial structure changing drastically from heavy to light and small industry, we developed highly functional, high-precision chains and factory automation (FA)-related systems. Entering the 1980s, as automobile engine timing chain systems shifted from chains to belts, we engaged in belt production while developing smaller and lighter timing chains. A redesign of our timing chains to incorporate outstanding environmental performance led to an expansion in their adoption in new engines by automobile manufacturers in Japan and overseas. At the same time, the Company promoted globalization by expanding the local production of chains for machinery and timing chain systems, beginning in the U.S., in order to achieve globally optimized production.
      40 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
Automotive parts production in North America
The 1970s Onward The Mid-1940s Onward 1917

           The 1990s Onward
Building a Global Production System
Despite domestic economic stagnation stemming from the collapse of the bubble economy, we constructed the Kyotanabe Plant, which would become the mother plant of Chain Operations, and transferred all operations there from the headquarters plant
in Osaka. In a challenging management environment, we made concerted efforts to raise productivity and reduce fixed costs while expanding our sales and manufacturing bases with a view to growing our businesses globally.
In Automotive Parts Operations (now Mobility Operations), we strengthened our globally uniform-quality production supply system and rapidly increased the global market share of our timing chain systems by further developing new and high-value-added products.
The 2010s to the Present
Promoting Product Development Based on CSV Activities Attuned to Diversifying Social Needs
As awareness has grown of activities for creating shared value (CSV) that emphasize solving social and environmental issues,
we have picked up the pace of our efforts to develop Eco Products (SDG-oriented products) that help customers reduce their environmental impact and improve their economic performance. Tsubaki’s products have been well received by customers. These products include the Zip Chain Lifter®, which uses zip chains (meshing-type chains) uniquely developed by the Company, and the LaboStocker (automated storage system) for storing samples for use by research institutions for drug discovery, DNA handling, and other purposes.
At the same time, we are also taking on the challenge of developing new, next-generation businesses by leveraging our unique technologies, such as those for the agricultural industry, V2X bi-directional electric vehicle (EV) charging systems, and monitoring systems. Amid technological innovation for automobiles aimed at achieving carbon neutrality, we have strengthened our systems for developing highly functional parts in order to expand our business domain from our previous focus on internal combustion engines
to mobility in general, including EVs.
Mid-Term Management Plan 2025, which got underway in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022, will accelerate the development of new products and businesses with the aim of contributing to the resolution of social issues. We will help realize a sustainable society by deploying our Linked Automation technologies and offering solutions that anticipate diversifying customer needs.
2001 Completed construction of Kyotanabe Plant
Kyotanabe Plant, the mother plant for chains
2002 Established a manufacturing subsidiary for automotive parts in Thailand (At present, Mobility Operations has a production system spanning eight countries and 14 plants around the world)
2004 Introduced the executive officer system
2004 All Tsubaki Group worksites in Japan obtain ISO
14001 certification
2010 Converted Kabelschlepp GmbH, a German manufacturer and seller of cable carriers, into a consolidated subsidiary
2012 Converted Mayfran Holdings, Inc., a U.S. manufacturer and seller of chip conveyors, into a consolidated subsidiary
Established a chain manufacturing subsidiary in Tianjin, China
2017 100th anniversary of founding. Strengthened Group capabilities through establishment of new corporate philosophy, Tsubaki Spirit
2018 Converted Central Conveyor Company, LLC of the U.S., a manufacturer and seller of materials handling systems, into a consolidated subsidiary
2019 Completely separated strategy formulation and oversight (Board of Directors) from business execution
2020 Established the Tsubaki Group Basic Policy on Sustainability
2020 Introduced an age 65 retirement system to promote the active participation of seniors
2020 Joined the “IP Open Access Declaration against COVID-19” as a founding member
2021 Formulated Long-Term Vision 2030 and Mid-Term Management Plan 2025
V2X bi-directional EV charging systems (eLink) that contribute to realizing a smart energy society
Automated COVID-19 PCR testing equipment
       TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 41
2021 2010 The 1990s Onward
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

Business Overview
 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights (Consolidated)
1. Sales decreased for the second consecutive year since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, reflecting the impact of the sharp global economic downturn. Despite proactively promoting cost reductions, the operating income ratio in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 declined due to factors including the deterioration of the profitability of Materials Handling Operations overseas as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
2. Free cash flow was on an upward trend, in part due to capital expenditures associated with the expansion of our global bases passing their peak. With a D/E ratio (net) of –0.03 on March 31, 2021, we further solidified our financial foundation.
   Net Sales / Ratio of Overseas Sales
Operating Income / Operating Income Ratio
(Billions of yen)
(Billions of yen)
(%)
100
193.3 75 50
(%)
15 12 9
8.8 6
280.0 210.0 140.0
238.5
226.4
25.0 20.0 15.0 10.0
21.6
20.6
21.7
    198.7
215.7
  16.1
   54.9
55.5
59.4
57.4
56.7
25
70.0 0000
7.1
   2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY) Net sales (left) Ratio of overseas sales (right)
4.6 3 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
5.0
Operating income (left) Operating income ratio (right)
Net Interest-Bearing Debt / D/E Ratio (Net)
(Billions of yen) (Times)
15.0 0.15 10.0 10.1 0.10
7.6
5.0 0.04 0.05 0.4
   Equity Ratio / ROE
(%)
80 60 40 20
0
57.1
59.2
56.8
59.3 60.5
(%)
16
12
8
  0.06
  9.9 9.2
8.1 0 0 6.7
  2016
Equity ratio (left)
2017
2018
2019
2020 (FY)
4.8 4 0
2020 (FY)
27.8
18.3
6.0 75
-5.1
2017
-0.03
2018
-0.03
2019
-4.9
-0.05 -0.10
-5.0 0.00 -10.0
2016
    Cash Flows
(Billions of yen)
30.0 25.4 20.0 12.0
Dividends per Share* / Payout Ratio (Yen)
(%)
50 40 30 20 10
ROE (right)
27.6 24.1 10.2
Net interest-bearing debt (left)
D/E ratio (net) (right)
125 100
120.0
120.0
      42
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
10.0 0 -10.0 -20.0 -30.0 -40.0
20.2
-32.0
30.8 31.0
100th anniversary commemorative dividend of ¥2.0
24.0 24.0
31.9
Key Points of Financial Activities
 10.9
 9.6
9.1
33.0
38.9
 75.0
  -13.4 -7.8 -17.3
2017 2018
-9.5
(FY) Net cash used in investing activities
50 25
  2016
2019
2020
00
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY) Dividends per share (left) Payout ratio (right)
* Consolidated common shares at the ratio of five shares to one share on October 1, 2018.
The share dividend amount shown for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 was calculated based on this share consolidation.
Net cash provided by operating activities Free cash flow
-14.2

 Key Points of Non-Financial Activities
  Total CO2 Emissions* (t-CO2/Year)
Number of Patents Held
80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
75,686
75,601
71,514
(Products)
2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500
           30.0 23
31.0
17
1.15
1.02
1.20 1.20 1.21
41,112
46,239
1. The Company made progress in reducing its CO2 emissions in Japan. However, as the result for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 also includes the impact of the decline in production stemming from the economic downturn, we will continue working relentlessly to reduce our environmental impact, including overseas.
2. We enhanced our creation of shared value through our products, strengthened our human resource foundation, and improved our engagement with employees. We aim to promote a variety of measures from a medium- to long-term perspective, such as further bolstering our corporate governance and thoroughly implementing global risk management.
31.3
21
2018
31.8
15
2020 (FY) Ratio of Eco Products to
net sales (right)
64,937
1,942 2,063 2,047 1,943
00
777 810 860 838 767
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY) Overseas
58,581 44,484 42,305
1,815
1,038
1,132
1,203
1,209
1,176
       2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY) Domestic (11 major manufacturing bases) Overseas (14 major manufacturing bases)
* The CO2 emissions factors for electricity are as follows:
Domestic: Alternative values of “emission factors by electric utility operator” published by the Ministry of the Environment
Overseas: Emissions factors for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, as indicated in the International Energy Agency CO2 Emissions Factors 2020
Eco Products (SDG-Oriented Products): Number of Products Launched / Ratio of Net Sales
Domestic
  (Products)
(%)
40 30 20 10
0
40 2.0 26.0 30 1.5
Industrial Accident Status (Domestic)
   20 1.0 10 0.5
  22
  0.69 0000.27
0.66
0.53
2019 2020 (FY)
Domestic manufacturing industry average
    2016
2017
2019
2016 2017 2018
Frequency of industrial accidents
Eco Products (SGD-oriented products): Number of products launched (left)
 Number of Female Employees in Managerial Roles / Ratio of Female Employees in Senior Roles (Domestic)
(People)
Ratio of Paid Leave Acquisition* (%) (%)
 5 100 20 3.5475
25
4.1
3.3 3.2
9 10 9 10 2
64 65
2016 2017
67
72
60
  15 2.6 10
7
3
  51
50
25
000
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY) Number of women in middle managerial roles (left)
2018 2019 2020 (FY)
    Ratio of female employees in senior roles (right)
* Tsubakimoto Chain, non-consolidated
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 43
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

Business Overview
 Tsubaki’s Global Network
(As of March 31, 2021)
The Tsubaki Group has built a global network encompassing 26 countries and regions and 82 business sites. We leverage this network to the fullest extent possible to develop high-quality products and offer timely solutions.
 17 Companies in the Americas
(of which, 12 are manufacturers)
     13 Companies in China
(of which, 10 are manufacturers)
         15 Companies in Japan
(of which, 10 are manufacturers)
          4 Companies
in South Korea and Taiwan
(of which, 2 are manufacturers)
           19 Companies in Europe
(of which, 6 are manufacturers)
  14 Companies
in the Indian Ocean Rim
(of which, 6 are manufacturers)
   China
9.0%
Indian Ocean Rim
6.5%
Europe
10.0%
4.1%
FY2020 Consolidated net sales
¥193.3 billion
China
10.0%
2.8%
27.1% 44 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
Ratio of Overseas Sales
 Americas
Americas
56.7%
Ratio of Overseas Employees
52.0%
South Korea and Taiwan
South Korea and Taiwan
    Japan
43.3%
FY2020 Total number of employees
Japan
48.0%
Indian Ocean Rim
7.6%
Europe
13.1% 18.5%
8,535 employees

                 Sustainability Management
46 Sustainability Priority Matters and Progress to Date 48 Environmental Management
51 Supply Chain Management
52 Human Resource Management
54 Health and Safety Management
55 Quality Management
56 Coexisting with Local Communities
Driving the World... and the Future
                                                                                                                                                                                  TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 45
                      
Sustainability Management
 Sustainability Priority Matters and Progress to Date
In April 2020, we established our Basic Policy on Sustainability. Guided by this policy, we set material issues (priority matters) and key performance indicators (KPIs) by ESG category. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, our activities progressed as follows.
ESG Category
Material Issues (Priority Matters)
Contribution to the SDGs
  Total CO2 emission reductions (FY2013 as base year for comparison)
PRTR-substance emissions
KPIs
Scope
Domestic
30% FY2025 46% FY2030
23.5%
         Total CO2 emission reductions (FY2018 as base year for comparison)
Overseas
20% or more FY2025 30% or more FY2030
9.0%
          Number of violations of environmental laws and regulations
 Number of companies implementing ethics education
Global
       Respect for human rights
Domestic
12 companies FY2020 12 companies
       Ratio of employees with disabilities
Non- consolidated
2.5% FY2025 2.34% 100% FY2025 44.4%
     Promotion of diversity
Ratio of companies meeting legally required employment ratios for people with disabilities
Domestic
      Safe and rewarding workplaces
Number of non-Japanese employees
Ratio of senior female employees
Non- consolidated
85 people FY2030 27 people 10% FY2030 4.1%
     Domestic
         Workstyle reforms (improve motivation and operational efficiency)
Ratio of paid leave acquisition
Non- consolidated
85% FY2025 60%
         Cultivation of human resources
Education plan implementation rate
Non- consolidated
100% Annually 96.0%
  Domestic
  46 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
*1 Please refer to page 15 for details
Targets and Results
Target Year of FY2020 Actual Figure Achievement Results
 E
Environment
Environmental conservation
Climate change countermeasures
Climate change mitigation measures (CO2 emission reductions) and other environmental conservation
CDP climate change response boundary rate
Waste recycling rate
Global
95% or more FY2021 95.7%
         CDP climate change score
Global
A- FY2023 B-
       Domestic
99% or more Less than 130.9 t
0
FY2030 FY2030
Annually
96.7% 125.2t
0
     Domestic
          Development and provision of SDG-oriented products
Sound, fair, and transparent business operations
Creating a people-friendly society
Number of accidents resulting in absence from work
0 Annually 2
  S
Society
Ensuring employee safety and well-being
    Ratio of highly stressed employees
Non- consolidated
5.0% FY2025 5.9%
        Provision of safe and reliable products
Quality assurance
Number of major quality issue occurrences
Global
0 Annually 2
        Cooperation with suppliers
Number of companies streaming the CO2 emission reductions webinar
Domestic
Domestic
200 companies or more
95% or more
Implementing in FY2021 only Implementing
every three years (plan)
—
Implementing from FY2021
     Sustainable procurement
Ratio of companies implementing CO2 emission reduction status surveys
      Number of sustainability guidelines issued
Number of Eco Products (SDG-oriented products) registered
Domestic
 Domestic
900 guidelines or more
FY2020 941
   Creating an Earth-friendly society
  Building a safe and secure infrastructure for living
*1
Disclose targets for the degree of environmental contribution of Eco Products after setting Scope 3 targets for submission to the Science Based Targets (SBT) initiative
—
——
15
                Ratio of companies implementing disaster preparedness and evacuation drills
Number of information security accident occurrences
Domestic
Global
0
100%
Annually 0 FY2020 24 companies
         G
Governance
Thorough compliance
Number of serious violations of Company regulations
Number of companies that participated in Strengthening Corporate Ethics Awareness Month
Number of serious system incident occurrences
Global
 Global
Domestic
51 companies
       Crisis response and Business Continuity Plan
0
0
Annually 100%
  Annually 0 Annually 4
     Information security
          Prevention of intellectual property infringement
Number of warnings received due to infringement of other companies’ rights
Global
0
Annually 0
             
Progress to Date
Remaining Issues and Direction of Future Initiatives
• Made progress with a range of efforts, such as installing solar power equipment, converting to the use of liquefied natural gas (LNG) fuel, switching to LED lighting, and conducting various energy-saving activities in production processes*2
• Maintain and accelerate initiatives for reducing CO2 emissions at each business site. Monitor the progress of initiatives on a monthly basis at the environmental management committee meetings of each business site.
     • Implemented activities centered on energy saving as voluntary activities in each of our countries of operation and at each of our business sites
  • Establish uniform targets for overseas business sites from FY2021 and strengthen their CO2 emissions reduction activities
  • In FY2020, expanded the scope of business sites eligible to participate in the CDP to 11 in Japan and 15 overseas
 • Expand the scope of overseas business sites eligible to participate in the CDP by two (scheduled)
• In addition to the CDP, prepare to announce support for the recommendations of the TCFD and submit
application for SBT certification
  • In the three years leading up to FY2020, focused on expanding the CDP reporting boundary (overseas Group companies) and implementing activities for reducing CO2 emissions at domestic business sites
 • Implement CO2 emission reduction activities in a planned manner in accordance with the Group’s carbon neutrality response plan
• Steadily increase CDP climate change score by enhancing the content of responses in the CDP climate change questionnaire
 • In FY2018, energized environmental activities by introducing the EcoFactory Certification System to raise awareness through visualization at each business site. Promoted activities based on a comprehensive environmental management indicator system that adds reducing greenhouse gas emissions caused by climate change as a management indicator to KPIs for environmental conservation
• With a focus on improving the recycling rate at domestic business sites, aim to achieve EcoFactory certification for all business sites
• Realize the early establishment of the EcoFactory Certification System overseas and focus efforts on appropriate information disclosure
   • Designated a Corporate Ethics Awareness Month each year to carry out activities for raising awareness of the importance of compliance with laws and regulations in Japan and overseas
• Codified a basic human rights policy and set up a helpline. Also conducted harassment prevention activities
  • Maintain initiatives pursued thus far
 • Developed workplace environments accessible to people with disabilities and established a special subsidiary to promote their employment (in FY2020, the ratio of employees with disabilities reached 2.3%, exceeding the target of 2.2%)
• Set a new FY2025 target for further raising the ratio of employees with disabilities
  • In 2020, increased the number of female employees in senior positions by nine through the promotion of awareness raising activities within the Group
• Proactively hired non-Japanese employees but fell short of increasing the number of non-Japanese employees due to the COVID-19 pandemic in FY2020
 • Continue promoting and raising awareness of the recruitment of women
• Work proactively to increase the number of non-Japanese employees by diversifying types of
employment status
  • Liberalized working practices, such as introducing remote working and staggered working hours as a facet of workstyle reforms and promoted corresponding revisions of workflows
• Despite promoting paid leave acquisition, the ratio of acquisition declined 12.6% due to remote working and an increase in the number of non-business days
 • Continue designing systems and revising workflows to facilitate diverse workstyles • Encourage employees to make use of paid leave
  • Although efforts were made to implement activities in accordance with the educational plan, including remote training, the implementation rate was sluggish due to factors including the COVID-19 pandemic. However, the Company enhanced content for themes that required strengthening, through training and other activities with external experts
 • Proactively work to increase opportunities for human resource education, including Companywide education through our own three schools, divisional education, and various training programs, including those for dispatching trainees overseas
   • Despite continuously conducting risk assessments and accident-prevention activities, in FY2020 an accident resulting in absence from work occurred when attending to an equipment error
  • Strictly apply the Machinery and Equipment Safety Guidelines and introduce an indicator to visualize global safety
 • Implemented mental health education on a regular basis and established a consultation service operated by dedicated personnel
• Carried out stress checks for all employees (ongoing since FY2016)
• Continue working on mental health education and providing support on an individual basis
   • In addition to traditional quality control assurance activities in each division, we conducted audits from a third-party perspective, established Group quality guidelines, and implemented cross-organizational activities to improve quality
  • Share information globally across the entire organization on the two major quality issues that arose in FY2020, rather than only at the plants where they occurred, and implement Group quality audits with an emphasis on processes
 • Completely revised Green Procurement Guidelines in FY2019 and carried out a basic survey to gain an accurate picture of procurement matters related to the environment. Performed additional checks and onsite inspections of suppliers deemed to warrant additional investigation
• In FY2021, begin the implementation of climate change countermeasures throughout the supply chain. As a first step, provide an explanation to major suppliers in Japan on the background and goal of initiatives, as well as on the procedures and policies for activities, and request their participation in the activities
    • Issued new supplier sustainability guidelines. Notified suppliers of the new guidelines and posted them on the Company website
  • Each business division developed eco-friendly products, such as those for reducing CO2 emissions or power consumption, which were certified internally as Eco Products
• Products such as those by Power Transmission Operations for computed tomography (CT) scan systems, ultra-low temperature storage units for regenerative medicine and new drug research, and automated seedling transplanting units for plant factories, contributed to the medicine and welfare fields
• Also developed and offered a large number of products that contributed to labor saving
• Offered products that help build safe and secure infrastructure for living, including a drive system for
sliding barriers on station platforms to prevent falls and various Power Transmission Operations products for sewage-related systems
• Accelerate the development of innovative next-generation products that contribute to the global environment, people, and infrastructure for living based on Linked Automation technology (a technology domain that is highly functional and highly automated) set out in Long-Term Vision 2030 (please refer to pages 8–9 for details). In addition to the current two KPIs, prepare to establish a new KPI to measure the effect of these products on reducing CO2 emissions throughout the product lifecycle to serve as a KPI for determining their contribution to the progress of activities for creating social value
   • Guided by our Corporate Work Ethics, raised employee consciousness and familiarized them with corporate ethics through Corporate Ethics Awareness Month and a range of training programs
 • Ensure thorough compliance by maintaining activities to date and making continuous improvements
   • Based on the Tsubaki Group Basic BCP Strategy, carried out various disaster preparedness activities, including disaster preparedness drills, drills using a safety confirmation system, and stockpiling of disaster preparedness items
  • Strengthen the risk management system by not only implementing disaster preparedness activities but also anticipating risks related to business continuity, such as large-scale natural disasters, new infectious diseases, and environmental pollution
 • Revised the Tsubaki Electronic Information Security Policy and disseminated it at Group companies in Japan and overseas
• Despite introducing a multifactor authentication method for user authentication, FY2020 saw four cases of computers being infected by viruses
• Install endpoint detection and response (EDR), a security tool that quickly detects and eliminates threats when computer systems are penetrated by malware (malicious programs). Endeavor to prevent such threats and minimize potential damage
   • Improved knowledge and promoted awareness among employees (including managers) of intellectual property rights infringement through intellectual property seminars and other efforts, and avoided potential infringements by carrying out investigations before applications
  • Continue to share information and promote awareness regarding intellectual property infringements at seminars and the Techno School, thoroughly implement investigations before making applications, and maintain and enhance the ongoing awareness of avoiding infringements on the part of those engaged in such work
 Please refer to our website to view our Basic Policy on Sustainability and other detailed information.
https://tsubakimoto.com/sustainability/plan/
    *2 The reduction (ratio) for FY2020 is given for reference purposes only, as the ratio includes the impact of the decrease in production volume associated with the deterioration in the business environment in that fiscal year
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 47
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 Sustainability Management
E Environmental Management
 In order to contribute to the development of a sustainable society, the Tsubaki Group completely revised its Basic Environmental Policy in March 2021 and is working to reduce its environmental impact from a medium- to long-term perspective while proactively developing and offering new products targeting the eco (SDG) market. In particular, we will address the issue of climate change, which we view as a priority issue of the utmost urgency, by closely monitoring international standards and market and customer trends.
Please refer to our website for details on our environmental management. https://tsubakimoto.com/sustainability/environment/
Environmental Management Structure
Under the supervision of the Board of Directors, the Tsubaki Group Environmental Committee takes the lead in promoting the Group’s environmental management. This committee, which is chaired by the executive officer in charge of the environment for Tsubakimoto Chain and comprises plant managers, general managers of business segments, and representatives of each Group company, addresses the Group’s environmental issues from a medium- to long-term perspective. In addition, overseas business sites appoint environment promoting staff who communicate with the employee in charge of environmental promotion for Tsubakimoto Chain (Group Environmental Secretariat).
Environmental Activity Initiatives
As the climate changes, the Group recognizes that reducing total CO2 emissions is a key social issue. Setting out environmental activity initiatives as priority matters, Mid-Term Management Plan 2025 promotes specific initiatives based on our environmental action plan, which is guided by our medium- to long-term environmental target of reducing total CO2 emissions by 46% by the fiscal year ending March 31, 2031 (with FY2013 as the base year for comparison) in Japan.
Proactively adopting solar power and energy-saving production methods at our new factory
Environmental Management Structure
 Board of Directors
   Strategy Committee
Reports/deliberates/approves important agenda items
Reductions in Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions
 Management Committee
 Reports on progress
Reductions in Scope 3 emissions
Targets for Reducing Total CO2 emissions
(FY)
 Tsubaki Group Environmental Committee
 Sustainability Promotion Dpt. (Group Environmental Secretariat)
  SDG-Oriented Products Working Group (New Technologies)
 Environmental Key Persons Conference
  SDG-Oriented Products Working Group (New Applications)
      4 affiliates Environmental Management Committee
5 plants and 2 affiliates Environmental Management Committee
Environmental Management Committees at overseas business sites
 2025
2030
Domestic business site (compared to FY2013)
Overseas business sites (compared to FY2018)
30%
20% or more
46%
30% or more
   InitiativesforReducingTotalCO2 Emissions in Mid-Term Management Plan 2025
1. Reduce CO2 emissions through production reform
• Increase energy efficiency by switching to energy-saving production methods and investing in equipment
• Expand solar power generation
• Purchase optimal amount of renewable energy
• Apply insulating paint coatings and convert to liquefied
natural gas (LNG) fuel
2. Develop and promote products with reduced environmental impact
• Develop and expand sales of new products that contribute to reduction of environmental impact throughout product lifecycles
  48 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021

  Responding to Climate Change
Climate change-driven events, such as intensifying natural disasters, including temperature rises, concentrated heavy rains, and floods, constitute a major physical risk. In business terms, while the transition to decarbonization poses risks that will have a significant impact on the Group’s business operations, business domains, and product concepts, Tsubaki recognizes that implementing appropriate measures will help strengthen its corporate structure and enhance its competitiveness while presenting opportunities to identify new markets and businesses.
Going forward, we will promote initiatives that position climate change as a priority issue in terms of both risks and opportunities. We will also advance preparations for disclosing information to announce our support for the recommendation of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
The TCFD was established by the Financial Stability Board in response to a request from the G20 Meeting of Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors
 Our Measures in Response to Climate Change Risks and Opportunities
We have broadly divided climate change risks and opportunities into two categories: risks related to the transition to a low-carbon economy, and risks related to physical changes due to climate change. Our approach to measures in response to these risks and opportunities is as follows.
Transition Risks and Opportunities
In our Companywide management systems and existing business domains, we must operate defensively and offensively in response to both risks and opportunities.
We recognize that carving out new businesses and developing new products that adapt to paradigm shifts, such as decarbonization and the creation of a recycling- oriented society, are key tasks, as is the speed of our response.
Physical Risks
We recognize that it is important for measures in response to climate change to enhance the resilience of our businesses and further strengthen our business foundation, rather than simply to serve as a hedge against risks.
Measures in Response to Climate Change Risks and Opportunities (Plan)
  Item
 Risk/Opportunity Items
Carbon emission targets
Companywide Management Systems
Response Measures (Plan)
 Category
Existing Businesses
New Businesses
      Rising carbon prices
  Government policies Laws and regulations
Energy-saving policy
 Subsidies for renewable energy
  Market trends
Evaluation and assessment
Change to energy mix
 Transition to a decarbonized society
  Technological development
Technologies for energy saving and decarbonization
  Changes in customer evaluation
 Changes in investor assessment
   Chronic damage
Rising temperatures
  Acute damage
Rising sea levels
 Abnormal weather (wind and water damage)
    • Stronger energy management
• Reduction of CO2 emissions by 46% compared
with FY2013 level
• Compliance with SBT and setting of Scope 3 goals
• Establishment of an internal carbon pricing system
• Transforming factories into decarbonized factories
• Reductions in Scope 3 emissions from a lifecycle assessment (LCA) perspective
• Monitoring and responding to relevant laws and regulations
Long-Term Vision 2030: Establishing the Direction We Want to Go and Where We Want to Be
We aim to become a corporate group that contributes to solving social issues through Linked Automation technology.
Social issues addressed by Tsubaki
1. Creating a people-friendly society • Medicine, health, and aging
• Building infrastructure
2. Building a safe and secure infrastructure for living
• Sustainable economic growth
• Disaster preparedness and urban
development
3. Creating an Earth-friendly society
• Global environment
• Resources and energy
• Global environment
Examples: Expansion of business for EV devices / Adaptation to pre-collision systems / Development of growth products / Achievement of carbon emission targets
  • Effective use of subsidies for renewable energy —
  • Transition to renewable energy (2050 carbon neutrality challenge)
• Ratification of the TCFD
• Securing of new technological development
personnel
• Monitoring of the industry and adoption of new decarbonization technologies
• Information disclosure in line with TCFD requirements
• Implementation of sustainable management
• Securing 30% or higher dividend payout ratio
and implementing ESG management
• Investment in a comfortable workplace
—
• Improvement of factory resilience and strengthening of BCP
• Expansion of sales in disaster preparedness
• Observation and introduction of new technologies
• Expansion of sales in the renewable energy market • Development of large-scale energy projects • Continued mass production of timing chain
systems for PHVs
• Development of decarbonized heat treatment
technologies
• Expansion of sales of the Zip Chain Lifter®
• Communication with existing customers
• Observation of customer and market trends
• Use of renewable energy-based air-conditioning at plants and offices
• Implementation of measures against flooding in Thailand and other overseas sites
• Improvement of factory resilience and strengthening of BCP
• Strengthening of the supply chain
• Agricultural technologies resilient to climate
            change
   TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 49
Physical Risks Transition Risks and Opportunities
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 Sustainability Management
 Environmental Management
 Shifting Our Focus from Eco Products to SDG-Oriented Products (Creating Shared Value)
In 2011, we established eco evaluation criteria with the aim of bolstering product development that helps customers reduce their environmental impact (ecology) and improve their economic performance (economy). We have classified products that meet these criteria as Eco Products and pursued product development and sales promotion activities with an eye on co-creating economic value, such as cost benefits for our customers.
In the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022, we launched Long-Term Vision 2030. In terms of the sustainability issues (environmental, social, and economic) that Tsubaki must tackle as set forth in this long-term vision, the Company will not only strengthen its existing Eco Products but also the development of SDG-oriented products, and marketing activities. Specifically, we will expand our activities with a focus on efforts that will include the provision of:
1. Eco products that contribute to areas related to the
global environment and resources/energy
Initiatives for Expanding SDG-Oriented Products
Creating a people-friendly society
Building a safe and secure infrastructure for living
       Based on the following definition of SDG-oriented products, we will expand the development of and sales activities for new products.
1. Products that directly contribute to environmental
conservation through reductions of CO2 emissions from a lifecycle perspective by improving on existing products and developing new products (Product Development)
2. Products that indirectly contribute to achieving the SDGs by promoting the appeal of existing products or new products in global markets for environmental or otherwise sustainable products, such as those offering low-carbon or decarbonization features (Application Development)
Overview of Activities for Expanding SDG-Oriented Products
2. Equipment that contributes to medicine, healthcare, and aging
3. Products that contribute to building infrastructure, disaster prevention, and urban development.
At the same time, we have also initiated a new system for activities aimed at expanding the sales of SDG-oriented products
Relationship between SDG-oriented products and social issues
Creating an Earth-friendly society SDG-oriented products
        SDG-oriented products (including Eco Products) (1)
(Product development)
Tsubaki products that contribute directly to solving issues related to the SDGs using Tsubaki technology
Designated by the design/development section in the relevant division or Tsubaki Group company
A new or improved product that meets the internally established certification criteria (quantitative criteria)
Number of new annual registrations
Level of environmental contribution (Volume of CO2 reductions: t-CO2)
SDG-oriented products (2)
(Application development)
Tsubaki products used in products marketed by
customers to solve issues related to the SDGs, thereby contributing indirectly to solving such issues
Designated by the sales/marketing section in the relevant division or Tsubaki Group company
A new, improved, or existing product that meets the internally established criteria for customer applications
Number of new annual registrations
Ratio of sales of SDG-oriented products (2) to total division sales
Activities for Expanding Former Eco Products (FY2011– FY2020)
Environment-friendly products (Eco Products)
(Product development)
Tsubaki products that contribute directly to conserving the global environment using Tsubaki technology
Designated by the design/development section in the relevant division or Tsubaki Group company
A new or improved product that meets a certain internally established criteria (qualitative criteria)
Number of new annual registrations
Ratio of sales of Eco Products to total business site sales
                  50 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
Activities for Expanding SDG-Oriented Products (From FY2021)
   Scope
 Products
 Product Designation
 Registration Evaluation Criteria
 Monitoring Items (KPI)
 
 Sustainability Management
S Supply Chain Management
  In order to realize high-quality manufacturing and a sustainable society, we conduct procurement activities in cooperation with partner companies (suppliers).
Please refer to our website for details on our supply chain management. https://tsubakimoto.com/sustainability/society/supplier/
Initiatives for Sustainable Procurement
Throughout our history, we have fulfilled our social responsibilities as a company while simultaneously advancing Companywide efforts to solve social issues by strengthening our response to a variety of business continuity risks and promoting technological innovation. Going forward, we will solve social issues through our business activities in pursuit of our goal of contributing to the creation of a sustainable society.
To this end, as we must promote further cooperation with our suppliers, we have established the Tsubaki Group Supplier Sustainability Guidelines, in which we ask
Promotion of Green Procurement
We established our Green Procurement Guidelines in 2006 and have worked together with suppliers to promote activities for purchasing materials and components with low environmental impact. In April 2019, we revised these guidelines in order to more proactively advance efforts to reduce emissions.
We also carry out surveys on the current environmental performance of major suppliers and conduct additional surveys and local inspections of suppliers thought to face risks, as we work to achieve ongoing improvements.
Cooperation with Suppliers
In the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022, we are launching initiatives toward achieving carbon neutrality throughout our supply chain.
As a first step, we will provide a careful explanation to our major suppliers on the background and importance of their participation in these initiatives and gain an understanding of the current state of each supplier’s CO2 emission reduction activities. To this end, we stream a webinar for suppliers that explains the Group’s policy and targets for carbon neutrality, its CO2 reduction measures,
suppliers to undertake proactive initiatives with the aim of achieving sustainability.
Regarding conflict minerals, the guidelines indicate our basic procurement policy to “implement measures to ensure the transparency of the supply chain of mineral resources used in materials and components to avoid the use of disputed minerals that might fund armed groups.” In accordance with guidance manuals on investigating conflict minerals, we request the suppliers concerned to carry out an investigation and complete and publish a Conflict Minerals Reporting Template.
Requests to Business Partners
(1) Compliance with environment-related laws on products and business activities
(2) Management of hazardous chemical substances
(1) Establishment of an environmental management system
(2) Reduction of greenhouse gas emissions
(3) Promotion of resource recycling
(4) Effective use of water resources
(5) Environment-friendly design and product proposals
Required
Recommended
Optional Recommended
Required Recommended*
Recommended
Optional Recommended
 Requests/Orders
Raw materials, parts, packaging materials, sub-materials, etc.
Jigs, tools,
production equipment, etc.
         * Management of hazardous chemical substances is required in the event of hazardous chemical substances scattering or falling from equipment onto products or in the event of hazardous chemical substances becoming attached to or transferred onto products through contact with equipment.
global and Japanese trends, methods for calculating emission volumes, and the steps that comprise our initiatives. We then plan to ask each supplier to complete the survey template and request that they move on to the next step after we have gained an understanding of the current state of their activities.
Ultimately, we will incorporate the risks and opportunities related to climate change into our supply chain management, with the aim of constructing a sustainable and resilient supply chain.
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 51
What we ask of business partners Prerequisite
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 Sustainability Management
S Human Resource Management
 At the Tsubaki Group, we view human resources as the most vital component of our management base. We are establishing an environment where people from various backgrounds can work positively and vigorously, and striving to cultivate the human resources who will support business growth going forward. We also recognize that respect for human rights is an important social responsibility for companies. Based on this recognition, we are striving to promote respect for human rights throughout the entire Group by taking a thorough approach to spreading awareness of the Tsubaki Group Human Rights Policy.
Please refer to our website for details on our human resource management. https://tsubakimoto.com/sustainability/society/employees/
Initiatives for Cultivating Human Resources
The drivers of the Group’s growth are the technological capabilities and advanced technical skills we have continuously refined as a manufacturer since our founding in 1917. We launched the Tsubaki Techno School in April 1998 for young engineers, with the aim of passing on expertise to the next generation and reinforcing technical skills. We have expanded the curriculum to include technical and sales categories, in order to provide our original and practical training. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, we reorganized the curriculum by dividing it into a Techno School for engineers, a Skills School for technicians, and a Business School for office and sales staff. We have also incorporated new technological domains into the curriculum for cultivating human resources with expertise in the Internet of Things (IoT) and artificial intelligence (AI). Besides such training, we are widening opportunities for employees to share ideas, interact, and engage in co-creation in a way that transcends departments through a Technology Forum at which departments present their latest technologies.
For technicians, we are passing on and reinforcing
monozukuri skills through a variety of efforts that include cultivating technicians, a processing training program, and the Master Craftsman system.
We launched the Tsubaki Technical Skills Olympics in 2012 to serve as a platform for the mutual study and presentation of these skills. Through technological exchange among employees from different divisions and countries, this event helps invigorate the organization. We are also focusing efforts on cultivating global human resources through a variety of measures. These include an overseas trainee system for dispatching young employees to overseas subsidiaries as trainees, and overseas foreign language training for new employees. By combining training by function with level-specific training across all job categories, we have generated a positive cycle in which we increase the awareness of employees and enhance technological and technical skills levels.
Despite the challenges created by the COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented training almost as planned by proactively incorporating online training methods in order to secure ongoing educational opportunities.
   Online training (carefully avoiding closed spaces, Tsubaki Technical Skills Olympics (engine lathe operation) Overseas trainee (the United States) crowded places, and close-contact settings)
Respect for Human Rights
To ensure that nobody involved in our businesses is subject to any form of discrimination or harassment that violates individual dignity including on the grounds of race, ethnic group, nationality, social status, origin, gender, disability, health status, thoughts and beliefs, sexual orientation, or difference of job type or employment status, we are implementing measures to enhance ethics
awareness among employees.
During Corporate Ethics Awareness Month, which we
hold annually in February, each domestic and overseas Group company fulfills its responsibility to raise awareness by carrying out activities for ensuring compliance with the laws and rules in their respective countries, including with regard to human rights.
52 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021

  Initiatives for Promoting Diversity
Since 2018, Tsubakimoto Chain has been promoting workstyle reforms to enable a diverse range of employees to perform to the best of their individual abilities. Under these reforms, we have been pursuing
a variety of measures to realize efficient and flexible workstyles. At the Labor/Management Joint Committee, labor and management are working together to implement initiatives for reducing excessively long work
Initiatives for Reforming Workstyles
1. Active Participation of Women
hours and encouraging employees to use paid leave. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we offered
special leave and promoted teleworking for parents following emergency school closures. We also revised office layouts to facilitate communication and operational efficiency, including through the introduction of hot desking at headquarters and our Osaka and Tokyo offices.
Number of Women in Managerial Roles /
Ratio of Female Employees in Senior Roles (Domestic)
We promote the active participation of women. In the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2021, we adopted the target of
increasing the percentage of female employees on a non-consolidated basis to 10% (the percentage was 8.8% 20 as of April 1, 2021), and are actively encouraging applications
15
from various high schools and universities. We proactively
provide opportunities for promotion to outstanding
employees, irrespective of gender, and are advancing 5 the promotion of women to management positions.
(People)
25
Number of women in managerial roles (left) (%) Ratio of female employees in senior roles (right) 5
 3.3
4.1
3.5 4
 2. Promotion of the Employment of People with Disabilities
We are striving to expand the employment of people with disabilities in a wide range of fields, including at manufacturing worksites and in administrative work
and health management, by developing a workplace environment that allows them to engage in work that makes use of their individual talents and aptitudes.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, we established a special subsidiary that succeeded in promoting increased employment of people with disabilities to ensure legally compliant employment rates at Tsubakimoto Chain.
3. Active Participation of Seniors
TOPICS
1 00
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
In April 2020, we adopted an Age 65 Retirement System, extending the mandatory retirement age from 60 to 65 years old. This system aims to enable the Company to deploy its comprehensive strengths, raising awareness among senior employees of their status as core personnel playing active roles by making use of the knowledge, skills, and rich experience they have accumulated over many years. With improvements also being made to employment conditions, the rate of continuous employment after the adoption of the system (FY2020) stood at 96%.
We have also enhanced career training for employees when they are 50 years old. We revised the training content to encourage such employees to maintain their desire to work and continue learning until they reach 65 years old, in an effort to help them adjust their outlook.
10
2.6 7
3 9 10 9 10 2
3.2
  Communication with Employees
We strive to create an open workplace culture by regularly conducting employee awareness surveys, carrying out business status briefings to explain financial results and issues, and holding a president’s town hall meeting. During the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, the Company streamed a video message from the president to employees in Japan and overseas to ease their concerns and call upon them to work together to overcome this difficult situation.
Online streaming of the president’s video message
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 53
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 Sustainability Management
S Health and Safety Management
  Under its corporate philosophy, the Tsubaki Spirit, the Tsubaki Group has adopted safety and quality as the highest priority in its Code of Conduct, and strives to prevent work-related accidents and maintain and enhance the health of its employees as a monozukuri company guided by its Basic Safety Policy. In February 2009, the Group established the Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Committee, which advances activities aimed at enhancing health and safety throughout the Group.
Please refer to our website for details on our health and safety management. https://tsubakimoto.com/sustainability/society/employees/health/
Safety Management System
The Group has established the Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Committee to supervise health and safety activities for the Group as a whole. The committee formulates the Health and Safety Activities Plan and confirms the progress status of safety activities at each business location. We promote ongoing safety activities based on the following three pillars:
1 Risk management: Promotion of risk assessment activities to prevent serious accidents
2 Equipment and work environment maintenance: Development and implementation of machinery and equipment safety guidelines that aim to realize the fundamental safety of machinery
3 Employee development: Cultivation of safety-oriented personnel who understand and follow basic safety protocol at all times
Safety Management System
      Initiatives for Promoting the Health and Safety of Employees
Activities for Preventing Serious Accidents
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, we set activities for preventing serious accidents as the priority issue for our occupational health and safety activities and began the new initiative of making fixed-point observations in order to identify non-routine tasks that can lead to serious accidents.
We also published machinery and equipment safety guidelines with the aim of making machinery fundamentally safer. In accordance with these guidelines, safety officers participate from the design stage of, through to the performance of safety checks on, new equipment.
Employee Health Promotion
To promote the health of our employees, we are strengthening activities for the prevention and early detection of disease. In these activities, we carry out a variety of health checks on employees who work long hours, including regular health checkups and special health examinations, in collaboration with industrial physicians, health management staff, and managers.
We regularly provide education on mental health, in support of employees and supervisors. In addition, we have strengthened initiatives for the prevention and early treatment of disease by establishing a consultation service operated by dedicated staff.
Health promotion event (February 2020)
Industrial Accidents (domestic)
 (People)
10 8 6 4
Number of accidents leading to work stoppages (left) Frequency of industrial accidents (right)
0.69
0.66
0.8 0.6 0.4 0.2
 55
0.53
4
22
0 000
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
54 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
0.27
Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Committee
 Tsubakimoto Chain Health and Safety Promotion Dept.
Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Implementation Representatives Conference
   Tsubakimoto Chain
(Each business division)
Group Companies
(Domestic)
Group Companies
(Overseas)
  
 Sustainability Management
S Quality Management
  Under its corporate philosophy, the Tsubaki Spirit, the Tsubaki Group has adopted safety and quality as the highest priorities in its Code of Conduct as a monozukuri company. In accordance with these priorities, we have etablished a Basic Quality Policy. We strive to maintain and improve the Tsubaki brand by thoroughly pursuing high quality and quality management as a monozukuri company.
Please refer to our website for details on our quality management. https://tsubakimoto.com/sustainability/society/products/
System for Promoting Quality Management
We have established a system for promoting quality management led by the Tsubaki Group Quality Committee. In April 2018, to further ensure the effectiveness of these efforts, we established the Quality and Environmental Promotion Department as a headquarters operations overseeing the entire Group, and the Quality Managers Committee as a cross-organizational implementation body. In addition to traditional quality control assurance activities in each division, the Company conducts audits from a third-party perspective, formulates Group quality guidelines, and implements cross-organizational activities to improve quality. Through such methods, we not only aim for zero defects in quality but also to strengthen our system and abide by our promises to our customers. In
doing so, we are strengthening the governance of quality management while maintaining and improving the Tsubaki brand.
System for Promoting Group Quality Management
(As of April 2021)
* Name changed to Quality Control Department on October 1, 2021
 Tsubaki Group Quality Committee
(Chairman: Executive officer in charge of quality, the environment, and occupational safety)
  Tsubakimoto Chain
(Headquarters, Quality Management Dept.
 Quality Managers Committee
      Tsubakimoto Chain
(Each business division)
Domestic Group Companies (Permanent)
Overseas Group Companies (Non-permanent)
 Initiatives for Providing Safe and Reliable Products
We aim to improve quality management skills by developing level-specific education on quality and improvement in our Companywide educational system.  As we move forward, we will enhance quality specialist education centered on the Quality and Environmental Promotion Department, such as providing education on statistical methodology, nurturing lecturers, and promoting the acquisition of quality control examination certificates as well as implementing initiatives such as
TOPICS
fieldwork for quality training participants from Group companies for a period of one to two years. At the same time, we are introducing individual quality targets and quality model factory systems aimed at raising quality awareness among all employees.
Quality guidance at an overseas subsidiary
  Our Quality Activities Garner Praise from a Global Automobile Manufacturer
Tsubakimoto Automotive Mexico, our Mexican subsidiary, has received Ford Q1 certification from Ford Motor Company’s quality management program. This certification comprises Ford’s own program for assessing whether or not its suppliers have a quality management system in place that meets the
requirements of their customers. The quality level and production planning
process for the timing chain systems that the Group delivers to Ford were
recognized for their high performance in the automobile industry.
Additionally, Mobility Operations in Japan and Tsubakimoto Automotive
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd. earned plaudits and received awards for their quality
activities from Toyota Motor Corporation and two Toyota group companies
in China, respectively. Tsubakimoto Automotive Mexico, recipients of Ford Q1 certification
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 55
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 Sustainability Management
S Coexisting with Local Communities
  The Tsubaki Group’s manufacturing and sales bases extend to 26 countries and regions across the world. We not only contribute to society through our business activities but also understand cultures and laws and regulations that differ by country and region and carry out a host of activities rooted in local communities as members of those communities. (In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, many activities were cancelled as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.)
Please refer to our website for details on our initiatives in local communities. https://tsubakimoto.com/sustainability/society/communing/
Initiatives in Japan
In Japan, we conduct support activities for fostering interest in science and monozukuri among children through a variety of activities, including visiting institutes of technology (colleges) to give lectures to students as well as offering work experience to junior and senior high school students and hands-on plant tours to elementary and junior-high school students. We also carry out activities rooted in communities as a corporate citizen. Activities that we carry out regularly include donating Tsubaki products to aid disaster preparedness and mitigation activities, holding an environmental fair, and performing cleanup activities in the areas around our plants.
Holding the Fourth Tsubaki Future Creation Contest at Maizuru College
We held our fourth collaborative lesson with Maizuru College. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the lessons, group work, and final review were all carried out
Overseas Initiatives
We also carry out various charity and environmental activities overseas in accordance with local characteristics. The mangrove-planting activities performed by our subsidiary in Thailand are worthy of special mention both for the participation of employees and for their continuity.
Tsubakimoto Automotive (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (TAT)
Tsubaki Automotive (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (TAT) began its mangrove-planting activities in 2008. The number of volunteers taking part in these activities has increased in tandem with business expansion, and 2,800 trees were planted in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. The planting of 32,753 trees over 13 years equates to CO2 emission reductions of 408.31 tons. These steady, ongoing efforts are contributing to CO2 reduction
online due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The theme for the contest was “proposals for new products that bring happiness to people.” Incorporating future megatrends and SDG perspectives, participants anticipated the distant future and established hypothetical users. Based on this premise, the participants proposed products to be developed in ten years’ time. Employees of the Company who had graduated from Maizuru College also took part in the review and shared information with students.
 56 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
Online Tsubaki Future Creation Contest
countermeasures.
TAT also conducts social contribution activities,
including wildlife protection activities (activities for replenishing salt and nutrients) and the donation to an elementary school of the proceeds from the sale of recycled goods brought in by employees.
 Environmental activities by TAT (mangrove planting)

                 Governance
58 Corporate Governance
61 Compliance and Risk Management
62 Board of Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board
Members, and Executive Officers
Driving the World... and the Future
                                                                                                                                                                                  TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 57
                      
 Governance
G Corporate Governance
 The Company regards enhancing corporate governance as one of the most important management tasks for creating value for customers and contributing to society. The Group has thus formulated its approach into the basic corporate governance policy stated below and strives to improve its corporate governance.
Please refer to our website for details on our Basic Corporate Governance Policy and other governance-related matters. https://tsubakimoto.com/sustainability/governance/
Corporate Governance Structure (As of June 29, 2021)
    Appoint or dismiss
Appoint or dismiss
Appoint or dismiss
 Consult
Recommend
     Audit
General Meeting of Shareholders
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Committee Chairman: Outside Director
          Report
 Overview of Corporate Governance Structure (As of June 29, 2021)
Company with Auditors
7 (of which 3 are outside directors) 1 year
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
4 (of which 2 are outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
3 outside directors and 2 outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
13 (fiscal year ended March 31, 2021) 16 (fiscal year ended March 31, 2021)
3 (fiscal year ended March 31, 2021)
 Number of independent board members
Number of meetings of the Board of Directors
Number of meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board
Number of meetings of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
 Organizational structure
Number of directors
Term of office of directors
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Number of Audit & Supervisory Board members
58 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
Audit & Supervisory
Board
4 Audit & Supervisory Board members
Inside Outside Members Members 22
Board of Directors 7 directors
(Chairman: CEO)
Inside Outside Directors 4 Directors 3
      Cooperate
Cooperate
Audit
Instruct/ Supervise
Supervise Place items on agenda/Report Report
COO
Management Meeting
(Chairman: COO)
Report
 Supervise
Strategy
Meeting
(Chairman: CEO)
 Appoint
or dismiss, Supervise
Supervise
Report
Internal Control Committee
 Internal Auditing Department
 Promote
Committees established for:
• Risk management
• Corporate ethics
• Information security • The environment
• Quality
• Health and safety
 Cooperate
Audit
Executive Officers 18
 Independent Auditors
  Divisions / Group Companies

  System for Strategy Formulation and Supervision, and Business Execution
The Company makes a clear distinction between strategy formulation and oversight of the Group by the Board of Directors and business execution by the COO and the executive officers, who are also members of the Management Meeting. Furthermore, the Company holds
the Strategy Meeting, which is positioned as the second-highest decision-making body in the Company after the Board of Directors, to deliberate and make decisions regarding important Groupwide business strategies and management policies.
Systems to Ensure ManagementTransparency and Flexibility
We are striving to enhance the independence of the Board of Directors through the appointment of outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board
members while strengthening the management supervision function and improving management transparency to increase our corporate value.
Reasons for Appointing Outside Directors (Independent Board Members) and Their Attendance at Meetings of the Board of Directors
 Name
Reason for appointment
Attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
   Shuji Abe
Keiichi Ando
Hisae Kitayama
The Company appointed Mr. Abe in order to receive his objective advice concerning its focus on the three areas of technologies, development, and manufacturing as three core areas based on his wealth of insight and experience as the manager of a manufacturing company.
The Company appointed Mr. Ando in order to receive his objective advice on such fields as finance and corporate governance based on his insight and wealth of experience as a director of financial and other institutions.
The Company appointed Ms. Kitayama in order to receive her objective advice on such fields as finance and accounting based on her wealth of experience as a certified public accountant at an auditing firm and high level of expertise regarding corporate accounting.
Attended all 13 meetings
Attended all 13 meetings
Attended all 11 meetings
   * Ms. Kitayama’s attendance record covers meetings of the Board of Directors held after her appointment on June 26, 2020.
Reasons for Appointing Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members (Independent Board Members) and Their Attendance at Meetings of the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board
 Name
Reason for appointment
 Attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
   Shozo Seki
Hidefumi Naito
The Company appointed Mr. Seki so that its audit system could benefit from his wealth of experienceasanattorneyandhishighlevelofexpertiseregardingcorporatelegalaffairs.
The Company appointed Mr. Naito so that its audit system could benefit from his wealth of experience as an attorney and his high level of expertise regarding corporate legal affairs.
Board of Directors Audit & Supervisory Board Attendedall13meetings Attendedall16meetings
Attendedall13meetings Attendedall16meetings
  Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
We have been evaluating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors since 2018 in order to improve its performance. The Company requires all of its directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members to complete a questionnaire on matters including the Board of Directors’ structure, operation, and agenda items. Based on an analysis and evaluation of the questionnaire results, we have determined that the Board of Directors is functioning effectively.
In light of the results of the previous evaluation, we have been holding information sharing meetings since July 2020 for directors with the objective of further improving discussions about medium- to long-term
policies and strategies at Board meetings. With directors primarily sharing information on matters including business performance and management issues, these information sharing meetings were seen as being effective in invigorating discussions at Board meetings.
Nevertheless, since we received much valuable input on such topics as the further improvement of discussions on medium- to long-term management policies and strategies and the setting of agenda items at meetings of the Board of Directors, we will continue to look into improvements to further enhance the Board’s effectiveness.
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 59
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 Governance
 Corporate Governance
 Executive Compensation
The Board of Directors passed a resolution on the policy for determining the method for calculating compensation after deliberations and reporting by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, a voluntary advisory body to the Board of Directors comprising a majority of outside directors. Inside Directors
So that compensation for internal directors provides an effective incentive for realizing sustainable improvements in corporate value over the long term, the Company has adopted a compensation system that focuses on the link between business performance and shareholder profit. Specifically, this system comprises fixed compensation and performance-based compensation, which are monetary
compensation, and restricted stock compensation, which is non-monetary compensation.
Outside Directors
Given that they perform the role of carrying out management supervision from an objective and neutral standpoint, compensation for outside directors comprises only fixed compensation, which is monetary compensation.
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Given that they perform the role of carrying out management supervision from an objective and neutral standpoint, compensation for Audit & Supervisory Board members comprises only fixed compensation, which is monetary compensation.
 Executive Category
Total Compensation Amount (Millions of yen)*1
Total Amount of Each Type of Compensation (Millions of yen)*1
 Number of Applicable Personnel*2
Fixed Compensation
Performance-Based Compensation
Non-Monetary
Compensation (Restricted Stock Compensation)
  Directors 282 (Outside directors) (25)
Audit & Supervisory Board members 53 (Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members) (10)
191 (25)
53 (10)
76
—
14 9 (4)
— 5 (2)
  *1 Numbers less than one million yen have been truncated.
*2 The above includes one director and one Audit & Supervisory Board member who ended their terms of services at 111th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held
on June 26, 2020.
Internal Control System
For the Company and other Group companies, we have formulated internal control regulations and established the Internal Control Committee in accordance with our Basic Policy on Internal Control. The Internal Control Committee is responsible for advancing ongoing initiatives in the following areas that are inclusive of the entire organization and participated in by all employees.
1. Internal control initiatives stipulated by the Companies Act
We have established an emergency contact system on a global scale to enable information on risks that occur within the Group to be promptly communicated to senior management. We also implement annual risk management status surveys of major subsidiaries in Japan and overseas to ascertain the status of their risk management and follow up on their activities.
2. Internal control initiatives described in the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act
Based on the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, the Group has established internal control initiatives to ensure the appropriateness of the preparation process for its consolidated financial statements. As overseas sales have
increased in recent years, the number of overseas subsidiaries covered by these initiatives has increased.
For this reason, with the aim of quickly introducing these initiatives at overseas subsidiaries, we are taking steps toward establishing related materials for, and the sharing of expertise with, overseas subsidiaries while concentrating efforts on enhancing the efficiency and accuracy of evaluations.
3. Internal control initiatives conducted by the Group
on a voluntary basis
The Group is advancing Tsubaki Internal Control Operation (TICO) initiatives for documenting the procedures of important work in each department. As activities that ensure the appropriateness of controls of risks for each type of work and allow us to observe inefficiencies or waste through the
visualization of important processes, the TICO activities play a valuable role in the Group’s important internal control initiatives.
Internal control meeting at an overseas subsidiary
 60 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021

 Governance
G Compliance and Risk Management
  In order to implement our corporate philosophy, the Tsubaki Spirit, we believe it is vital that all executives and employees act in compliance with laws and regulations, ethics, and company rules. To that end, we have formulated the Corporate Work Ethics, which are a clearly defined set of ethical guidelines, and we are working to raise awareness and spread information on ethics through activities, training and other initiatives to strengthen ethics.
To fulfill our social responsibility as a corporation, it is essential that we appropriately manage the various risks that may arise during the course of our business activities. We have established a Risk Management Policy, under which we strive to prevent the actualization of risks and minimize possible losses by continually identifying and understanding risk factors regarding a host of risks that could significantly impact on our business.
Please refer to our website for details on compliance and risk management. https://tsubakimoto.com/sustainability/governance/compliance/
Implementation and Spread of Compliance
Corporate Ethics Awareness Month
We have designated February of every year as our Corporate Ethics Awareness Month, in which Group companies in Japan and overseas take part. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the number of participating companies was limited by the COVID-19 pandemic to 24 out of 51, as we responded to the conditions in various countries overseas. Due to the circumstances, we carried out educational activities on ethics awareness centered on e-learning in Japan and remote learning overseas.
In addition, we have published the Tsubaki Corporate Ethics Handbook in six languages as a tool to instill the Corporate Work Ethics. We also plan ethics training throughout the year.
Establishment of a Consultation and Reporting Hotline
As a whistleblowing system, the Group facilitates anonymous reporting through a Corporate Ethics Hotline, which provides both an internal (operated by the
Risk Management Activities
The Group periodically assesses the status of the risks to which each Group company is exposed and the status of their response to those risks. Based on the assessment results, the corporate ethics, information security, environment, quality, health and safety, and other committees conduct specific risk management activities in each of these fields.
In our response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which spread rapidly from 2020 onward, we established the Emergency Response Headquarters in February 2020, with the president serving as its chief based on the Guidelines for Measures in Response to New Infectious Diseases. Since establishing the headquarters, we have implemented a variety of measures in response to
employee in charge of corporate ethics) and an external (operated by a legal adviser) consultation service. The Corporate Ethics Hotline deals not only with the Corporate Work Ethics and violations of laws, regulations, and internal rules but also with personal concerns.
 A Corporate Ethics Awareness Month meeting at an overseas subsidiary
Number of companies that participated in Corporate Ethics Awareness Month
(FY)
 2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
49 51 51 51 51 24
 changing conditions with the safety and security of our customers, employees and their families, and relevant parties as our highest priority. We have also provided material assistance, such as masks and disinfectants, to our overseas bases. Conversely, we have seen global activities for cooperation and support to overcome the pandemic, with overseas bases sending masks when they were not easily available in Japan.
We are maintaining our efforts to strike a balance between preventing the spread of infection and continuing our business activities, through measures such as telework to reduce the number of workplace attendees, and the introduction of leave for vaccinations.
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 61
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 Governance
 G BoardofDirectors,Audit&SupervisoryBoardMembers,andExecutiveOfficers
 (As of June 29, 2021)
 Front row
Back row
Kenji Kose
President and COO Representative Director
Yasushi Ohara
Chairman and CEO Representative Director
   Audit & Supervisory Board Members (Standing)
Koji Tanaka Kazuya Kawasaki
Audit & Supervisory Board Members (Outside)
Shozo Seki Hidefumi Naito
Senior Executive Officers
Masaki Miyaji
Kevin Richard Powers Toshihiro Ageta Kazutomo Nakamura Hiromi Ishida
Kozo Inoue
Masafumi Okamoto
Keiichi Ando
Outside Director
Executive Officers
Nobuaki Haga Atsushi Kumakura Isao Sato
Futoshi Tanyama Yasuhiro Akesaka Hisao Nishii
Osamu Kawakami Takao Maeda Masayoshi Fujimura
62 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
Hisae Kitayama
Outside Director
Shuji Abe
Outside Director
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Tadahiro Otsuki
Managing Executive Officer
Yasushi Nagai
Tadasu Suzuki
Director
Takatoshi Kimura
Director

                 Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)
             64 66 68 69
Eleven-Year Selected Financial Data
Data by Segment and Region (Consolidated) PrincipalTsubaki Group Companies Corporate Data and Stock Information
                                     Driving the World... and the Future
                                                                                                                                TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 63
                      
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)
 Eleven-Year Selected Financial Data
For the year (Millions of yen)
FY2010
138,243 11,022 11,111
6,093
5,807 7,544 4,144
16,293 (8,281) (10,578)
17,308
184,206 83,413 31,240 13,931
8.0
7.4 45.3 0.17 32.76 448.43 41.5
77,908 0.951
FY2011
144,896 12,081 12,140
6,814
9,518 7,403 4,231
11,626 (10,487) (5,460)
13,916
191,766 89,923 27,405 13,488
8.3
7.9 46.9 0.15 36.60 480.46 39.3
77,650 0.899
6,160
FY2012
150,002 12,579 12,813
7,428
11,833 7,360 4,319
15,350 (18,401)
6,325 20,194
215,837 102,019 36,507 16,312
8.4
7.7 47.3 0.16 39.69 545.14 43.6
74,323 0.889
6,792
  Net sales
 Operating income
 Ordinary income
  Profit attributable to owners of parent
                          Capital expenditures
  Depreciation and amortization
 R&D costs
                    Net cash provided by operating activities
  Net cash used in investing activities
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities
  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year
                         At year-end (Millions of yen)
Indexes
 Total assets
  Shareholders’ equity
 Interest-bearing debt
  Net interest-bearing debt
                          Operating income ratio (%)
 ROE*1 (%)
 Equity ratio *2 (%)
 D/E ratio (net)*3 (Times)
 Profit attributable to owners of parent per share *4 (Yen)
 Net assets per share*4 (Yen)
 Overseas sales ratio (%)
                                           Total CO2 emissions (t-CO2 / year)*5, 6
 CO2 emissions (t-CO2) (Per million yen of output)*5, 6
                 Employees*7 5,891
 Amounts less than one million yen have been truncated.
*1 ROE = Profit attributable to owners of parent ÷ Average shareholders’ equity
*2 Equity ratio = Shareholders’ equity ÷ Total assets
*3 D/E ratio (net) = Net interest-bearing debt ÷ Shareholders’ equity
*4 Consolidated common shares at the ratio of five shares to one share on October 1, 2018. Profit attributable to owners of parent per share and net assets per share are
calculated based on the assumption that the share consolidation was conducted at the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
*5 The scope of calculation is the Group’s 11 major manufacturing bases in Japan
*6 The CO2 emission factor for electric power uses the alternative values of “emission factors by electric utility operator” published by the Ministry of the Environment. *7 Including contracted staff and temporary staff, etc.
64 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021

TSUBAKIMOTO CHAIN CO. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Fiscal years from April 1 to March 31
 FY2020
 193,399
 8,896
 11,026
 8,706
 FY2013
178,022 17,354 17,993 10,213
11,372 8,745 4,061
19,761 (17,166)
FY2014
196,738 21,427 22,263 14,153
10,466 9,476 4,048
22,189 (14,306)
FY2015
203,976 21,570 22,109 12,766
15,677 10,402 4,300
19,090 (13,593)
FY2016
198,762 21,647 22,004 14,596
13,995 10,342 4,341
25,434 (13,420)
FY2017
215,716 20,694 21,743 14,666
18,116 11,005 4,495
27,657 (17,389)
FY2018
238,515 21,789 21,621 13,779
15,765 12,366 4,505
24,197 (32,088)
FY2019
226,423 16,146 16,698 11,576
14,388 12,739 4,714
20,275 (14,241) (10,385) 31,378
294,098 174,360 41,509 10,130
7.1
6.7 59.3 0.06 308.71 4,711.34 57.4
64,937
0.736
8,733
                                                             8,290
 12,682
 4,288
                                          27,890
 (9,560)
 (4,354)
 46,084
                            (3,196) (2,647) (5,476) (4,084) (13,191) 12,679
             21,291
228,840 118,433 36,538 15,246
9.7
9.3 51.8 0.13 54.58 632.94 53.2
76,602 0.912
7,068
27,360
258,742 140,439 36,907 9,547
10.9 10.9 54.3 0.07
75.65 750.63 54.0
82,469 0.910
7,398
26,422
254,106 142,041 34,817 8,394
10.6 9.0 55.9 0.06 68.24 759.27 54.5
84,000 0.916
7,579
34,142
267,215 152,473 34,634 493
10.9 9.9 57.1 0.00 78.03 815.10 54.9
75,686 0.839
7,886
31,712 36,087
283,574 305,916 167,916 173,734 26,581 43,772 (5,131) 7,685
9.6 9.1
9.2 8.1 59.2 56.8 (0.03) 0.04
               307,332
 185,791
 41,168
 (4,916)
                                                        4.6
 4.8
 60.5
 (0.03)
 235.23
 5,019.35
 56.7
                                                        387.44 4,435.96 55.5
75,601 0.792
8,358
364.03 4,590.06 59.4
71,514 0.749
8,818
8,535
                                   58,581
 0.782
                              TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 65
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)
 Data by Segment and Region (Consolidated)
 Performance by Business Segment (Millions of yen)
FY2012
48,236 6,697 50,250 3,586 7.1 18,906 2,320 19,664 1,955 9.9 49,555 755 49,397 6,494 13.1 29,652 15,993 30,246 531 1.8 2,054 227 2,846 143 5.0 148,405 25,994 150,002 12,579 8.4
110,183 8,570 ——— ———
FY2010
47,899 7,041 48,262 2,780 5.8 20,217 2,748 20,061 2,065 10.3 42,742 754 43,303 5,382 12.4 25,673 11,693 26,340 215 0.8 1,897 160 2,689 173 6.5 138,431 22,398 138,243 11,022 8.0
FY2011
50,584 7,105 51,692 3,462 6.7 20,996 2,699 21,364 2,512 11.8 43,353 597 43,509 4,846 11.1 27,054 10,717 27,977 878 3.1 1,978 115 2,911 170 5.9 143,968 21,235 144,896 12,081 8.3
 Chain Operations Order acceptance
  Backlog
  Net sales*1
  Operating income
  Operating income ratio (%)
  Motion Control Operations*3 Order acceptance
  Backlog
  Net sales*1
  Operating income
  Operating income ratio (%)
  Mobility Operations*4 Order acceptance
  Backlog
  Net sales*1
  Operating income
  Operating income ratio (%)
  Materials Handling Operations Order acceptance
  Backlog
  Net sales*1
  Operating income
  Operating income ratio (%)
  Others*2 Order acceptance
  Backlog
  Net sales*1
  Operating income
  Operating income ratio (%)
  Total Order acceptance
  Backlog
  Net sales*1
  Operating income
  Operating income ratio (%)
                                                                                                     Performance by Geographic Segment (Millions of Yen)
 Japan
 Net sales*1
 Operating income
 Americas
  Net sales*1
 Operating income
 Europe
 Net sales*1
   Operating income
 Asia/Oceania*5
Net sales*1
  Operating income
 Indian Ocean Rim
  Net sales*1
 Operating income
 China
 Net sales*1
   Operating income
 South Korea and Taiwan
Net sales*1
  Operating income
   108,607 8,650
112,940 9,165
            10,966 12,335 (323) 242 12,972 13,910 1,685 1,419
14,566 429 17,027 1,417 ——— ——— ——— ——— ——— ———
                               *1 Sales figures include internal sales and transfers between segments.
*2 Not included in reported segments, it includes building maintenance, insurance agency business, and other businesses.
*3 Power Transmission Units and Components Operations has been renamed Motion Control Operations from the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022. *4 Automotive Parts Operations has been renamed Mobility Operations from the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
*5 We have divided Asia/Oceania into the Indian Ocean Rim, China, and South Korea and Taiwan since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014.
66 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021

TSUBAKIMOTO CHAIN CO. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Fiscal years from April 1 to March 31
 FY2020
 61,529
 12,966
 61,312
 7,862
 12.8
 19,290
 4,594
 19,697
 816
 4.1
 57,787
 717
 57,777
 3,714
 6.4
 48,256
 26,446
 53,618
 (2,202)
 —
 3,012
 121
 3,941
 (330)
 —
 189,875
 44,846
 193,399
 8,896
 4.6
 FY2013
54,788 7,409 55,828 3,763 6.7 22,025 3,072 21,612 2,273 10.5 60,785 867 60,674 10,119 16.7 40,194 18,023 39,565 1,192 3.0 1,895 167 2,719 63 2.3 179,689 29,540 178,022 17,354 9.7
110,585 9,234 43,551 3,964 22,056 471
9,741
1,384 11,044 954 5,011 372
FY2014
60,530 7,932 61,721 5,002 8.1 22,389 3,361 22,557 2,400 10.6 66,279 169 66,978 11,916 17.8 44,627 17,926 45,169 1,940 4.3 2,258 265 2,968 123 4.2 196,086 29,655 196,738 21,427 10.9
119,349 12,694 48,749
4,162 26,545 890
10,718 1,385 14,062 1,008 7,115 258
FY2015
63,168 8,215 63,998 6,172 9.6 21,745 3,464 21,975 2,428 11.0 74,235 931 73,473 12,258 16.7 43,460 16,876 44,354 659 1.5 2,165 88 3,186 84 2.6 204,776 29,576 203,976 21,570 10.6
121,347 12,621 51,671
4,496 24,219 531
12,626 1,680 16,494 273 8,578 405
FY2016
60,999 9,789 60,600 7,102 11.7 21,576 3,732 21,563 2,218 10.3 75,197 982 75,147 12,385 16.5 42,826 18,716 41,043 706 1.7 2,455 163 3,001
(1)
— 203,056 33,385 198,762 21,647 10.9
117,795 11,351 50,830
4,853 23,181 687
12,763 1,744 18,186 925 8,378 273
FY2017
69,728 13,546 67,338
8,502 12.6 25,043 5,148 24,156 3,060 12.7 79,377 814 79,545 10,258 12.9 46,770 22,044 44,187 416 0.9 2,826 181 3,331
(41) —
223,747 41,735 215,716 20,694 9.6
125,380 12,231 52,862
3,034 25,620 176
14,850 2,138 22,251 864 9,684 471
FY2018
68,198 11,427 72,023 10,292
14.3 25,251 5,277 25,591 3,340 13.1 78,940 762 78,992 8,734 11.1 59,054 27,631 61,827 402 0.7 2,751 313 3,548
(43) —
234,196 45,413 238,515 21,789 9.1
127,439 12,702 67,462
2,664 27,779 187
17,488 2,837 22,946 1,175 9,440 314
FY2019
65,055 10,619 67,526
8,406 12.4 22,665 4,628 23,813 2,189 9.2 70,895 707 70,949 5,791 8.2 67,968 31,457 64,212 647 1 2,810 346 3,542 20 0.6 229,394 47,760 226,423 16,146 7.1
120,621 9,224 63,371 1,719 25,321
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 104,416
 4,577
 53,473
 (666)
 20,267
 897
 —
 —
 12,752
 1,215
 19,682
 1,280
 8,054
 (47)
                                    (77) ——————— ———————
                     16,639 1,961 20,523 1,069 9,661 400
                                          TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 67
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)
  Principal Tsubaki Group Companies
 (As of March 31, 2021)
Japan
Tsubakimoto Custom Chain Co. Tsubakimoto Sprocket Co. Tsubaki Yamakyu Chain Co. Tsubakimoto Iron Casting Co. Tsubakimoto Machinery Co. Tsubakimoto Bulk Systems Corp. Tsubakimoto Mayfran Inc. Tsubaki Support Center Co.
Americas
6 other companies
Indian Ocean Rim
Tsubakimoto Singapore Pte. Ltd.
PT. Tsubaki Indonesia Manufacturing
PT. Tsubaki Indonesia Trading
Tsubaki Power Transmission (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Tsubakimoto (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
Tsubaki India Power Transmission Private Limited Tsubakimoto Vietnam Co., Ltd.
Tsubakimoto Philippines Corporation
Tsubaki Australia Pty. Limited
Tsubakimoto Automotive (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Tsubaki Motion Control (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Kabelschlepp India Private Limited
2 other companies
China
Tsubakimoto Chain (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Tsubaki Motion Control (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Tsubakimoto Automotive (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Tsubaki Everbest Gear (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. Tsubakimoto Chain (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.
Tsubakimoto Bulk Systems (Shanghai) Corp. Kabelschlepp China Co., Ltd.
Tianjin Tsubakimoto Conveyor Systems Co., Ltd. Tsubakimoto Mayfran Conveyor (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Tsubaki CAPT Power Transmission (Shijiazhuang) Co., Ltd.
3 other companies
South Korea andTaiwan
Taiwan Tsubakimoto Co.
Tsubakimoto Automotive Korea Co., Ltd. Tsubakimoto Korea Co., Ltd.
1 other company
                                           U.S. Tsubaki Holdings, Inc.
U.S. Tsubaki Power Transmission, LLC
U.S. Tsubaki Automotive, LLC
U.S. Tsubaki Industrial, LLC
Tsubaki Kabelschlepp America, Inc.
Tsubaki Brasil Equipamentos Industriais Ltda. Central Conveyor Company, LLC
Central Process Engineering, LLC
Electrical Insights, LLC
KCI, Incorporated
Tsubaki of Canada Limited
Mayfran International, Incorporated Conergics International LLC
Press Room Techniques Co.
Tsubakimoto Automotive Mexico S.A. de C.V.
2 other companies
Europe
Tsubakimoto Europe B.V.
Tsubakimoto UK Ltd.
Tsubaki Deutschland GmbH
Tsubaki Automotive Czech Republic s.r.o. Tsubaki Ibérica Power Transmission S.L. Tsubaki Kabelschlepp GmbH Kabelschlepp GmbH-Hünsborn Kabelschlepp Italia S.R.L.
Metool Products Limited
Kabelschlepp France S.A.R.L. Kabelschlepp Systemtechnik spol. s.r.o. OOO Tsubaki Kabelschlepp Schmidberger GmbH
Mayfran U.K. Limited
Mayfran GmbH
Mayfran Limburg B.V.
Mayfran International B.V.
Mayfran France S.A.R.L.
                                                                                              68 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
1 other company

Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)
 Corporate Data and Stock Information
(As of March 31, 2021)
Corporate Data
Company Name Date of Foundation Date of Incorporation Paid-in Capital Headquarters
Phone
Fiscal Year-End
Tsubakimoto Chain Co. December 1917 January 31, 1941 ¥17,076 million
3-3-3, Nakanoshima, Kita-ku, Osaka 530-0005, Japan
+81 (6) 6441-0011 (Reception) March 31
Number of Consolidated Subsidiaries 64 Number of Unconsolidated Subsidiaries 8
 Stock Information
Shareholder Register Stock Listing Common Stock
Authorized:
Issued: NumberofShareholders
Sumitomo MitsuiTrust Bank, Limited Tokyo
* Including contracted staff and temporary staff, etc.
Major Shareholders (Top 10)
Taiyo Life Insurance Company
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account)
Nippon Life Insurance Company
Kyoeikai Members Stock Ownership Association
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd.(Trust account) Tsubakimoto Kogyo Co., Ltd.
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited MUFG Bank, Ltd.
Resona Bank, Limited
(Notes) 1. Numbers less than 1,000 have been rounded down.
2. Although the Company holds treasury stock of 1,266,367 shares, it is not
included in the above list of major shareholders.
3. Percentage of total shares issued has been calculated excluding the treasury
Number of Affiliates
Number of Employees* (consolidated)
Manufacturing facilities
Branch Offices Sales Offices
9 (including 1 equity-method affiliate) 8,535
Kyotanabe, Saitama, Nagaokakyo, Hyogo, Okayama
Tokyo, Nagoya, Osaka
Omiya, Toyota, North Osaka, Hiroshima, Kyushu
   Name
Number of Shares Held (Thousands)
  59,800,000 shares 38,281,393 shares 10,313
3,559
 2,985
 1,970
 1,495
 1,406
 1,191
 1,158
 849
 712
 667
Percentage of Total Shares Issued (%)
9.61
8.06
5.32
4.04
3.80
3.21
3.13
2.29
1.92
1.80
 Shareholder Composition
Number of Shareholders
stock of 1,266,367shares.
Number of Shares Held
 Foreign Institutions 237 (2.30%)
Other Japanese Companies
231 (2.24%)
Individuals
and Others 9,769 (94.73%)
Total 10,313
Financial Institutions 42 (0.41%)
Securities Firms 31 (0.30%)
Other Japanese Institutions 2 (0.02%)
Treasury Shares 1 (0.01%)
Treasury Shares 1,266,367 (3.31%)
Securities Firms 258,333 (0.67%)
Foreign Institutions 9,774,967
(25.53%)
Individuals
and Others 5,705,917 (14.91%)
Total 38,281,393
Other Japanese Institutions 20,900 (0.05%)
Financial Institutions 17,510,498 (45.74%)
Other Japanese Companies 3,744,411 (9.78%)
            Contact for inquiries regarding TSUBAKI REPORT
    Public Relations Section, Corporate Planning Department
Tel: +81 (6) 6441-0054 Email: pr-sec@gr.tsubakimoto.co.jp
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 69
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 https://tsubakimoto.com
   Published November 2021 Printed in Japan
