 Sustainability Management
S Supply Chain Management
 In order to realize high-quality manufacturing and a sustainable society, we conduct procurement activities in cooperation with partner companies (suppliers).
Please refer to our website for details on our supply chain management. https://tsubakimoto.com/sustainability/society/supplier/
Initiatives for Sustainable Procurement
Throughout our history, we have fulfilled our social responsibilities as a company while simultaneously advancing Companywide efforts to solve social issues by strengthening our response to a variety of business continuity risks and promoting technological innovation. Going forward, we will solve social issues through our business activities in pursuit of our goal of contributing to the creation of a sustainable society.
To this end, as we must promote further cooperation with our suppliers, we have established the Tsubaki Group Supplier Sustainability Guidelines, in which we ask
Promotion of Green Procurement
We established our Green Procurement Guidelines in 2006 and have worked together with suppliers to promote activities for purchasing materials and components with low environmental impact. In April 2019, we revised these guidelines in order to more proactively advance efforts to reduce emissions.
We also carry out surveys on the current environmental performance of major suppliers and conduct additional surveys and local inspections of suppliers thought to face risks, as we work to achieve ongoing improvements.
Cooperation with Suppliers
In the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022, we are launching initiatives toward achieving carbon neutrality throughout our supply chain.
As a first step, we will provide a careful explanation to our major suppliers on the background and importance of their participation in these initiatives and gain an understanding of the current state of each supplier’s CO2 emission reduction activities. To this end, we stream a webinar for suppliers that explains the Group’s policy and targets for carbon neutrality, its CO2 reduction measures,
suppliers to undertake proactive initiatives with the aim of achieving sustainability.
Regarding conflict minerals, the guidelines indicate our basic procurement policy to “implement measures to ensure the transparency of the supply chain of mineral resources used in materials and components to avoid the use of disputed minerals that might fund armed groups.” In accordance with guidance manuals on investigating conflict minerals, we request the suppliers concerned to carry out an investigation and complete and publish a Conflict Minerals Reporting Template.
Requests to Business Partners
(1) Compliance with environment-related laws on products and business activities
(2) Management of hazardous chemical substances
(1) Establishment of an environmental management system
(2) Reduction of greenhouse gas emissions
(3) Promotion of resource recycling
(4) Effective use of water resources
(5) Environment-friendly design and product proposals
Required
Recommended
Optional Recommended
Required Recommended*
Recommended
Optional RecommendedRequests/Orders
Raw materials, parts, packaging materials, sub-materials, etc.
Jigs, tools,
production equipment, etc.
         * Management of hazardous chemical substances is required in the event of hazardous chemical substances scattering or falling from equipment onto products or in the event of hazardous chemical substances becoming attached to or transferred onto products through contact with equipment.
global and Japanese trends, methods for calculating emission volumes, and the steps that comprise our initiatives. We then plan to ask each supplier to complete the survey template and request that they move on to the next step after we have gained an understanding of the current state of their activities.
Ultimately, we will incorporate the risks and opportunities related to climate change into our supply chain management, with the aim of constructing a sustainable and resilient supply chain.
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 51
What we ask of business partners Prerequisite
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)
 Sustainability Management
S Human Resource Management
 At the Tsubaki Group, we view human resources as the most vital component of our management base. We are establishing an environment where people from various backgrounds can work positively and vigorously, and striving to cultivate the human resources who will support business growth going forward. We also recognize that respect for human rights is an important social responsibility for companies. Based on this recognition, we are striving to promote respect for human rights throughout the entire Group by taking a thorough approach to spreading awareness of the Tsubaki Group Human Rights Policy.
Please refer to our website for details on our human resource management. https://tsubakimoto.com/sustainability/society/employees/
Initiatives for Cultivating Human Resources
The drivers of the Group’s growth are the technological capabilities and advanced technical skills we have continuously refined as a manufacturer since our founding in 1917. We launched the Tsubaki Techno School in April 1998 for young engineers, with the aim of passing on expertise to the next generation and reinforcing technical skills. We have expanded the curriculum to include technical and sales categories, in order to provide our original and practical training. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, we reorganized the curriculum by dividing it into a Techno School for engineers, a Skills School for technicians, and a Business School for office and sales staff. We have also incorporated new technological domains into the curriculum for cultivating human resources with expertise in the Internet of Things (IoT) and artificial intelligence (AI). Besides such training, we are widening opportunities for employees to share ideas, interact, and engage in co-creation in a way that transcends departments through a Technology Forum at which departments present their latest technologies.
For technicians, we are passing on and reinforcing
monozukuri skills through a variety of efforts that include cultivating technicians, a processing training program, and the Master Craftsman system.
We launched the Tsubaki Technical Skills Olympics in 2012 to serve as a platform for the mutual study and presentation of these skills. Through technological exchange among employees from different divisions and countries, this event helps invigorate the organization. We are also focusing efforts on cultivating global human resources through a variety of measures. These include an overseas trainee system for dispatching young employees to overseas subsidiaries as trainees, and overseas foreign language training for new employees. By combining training by function with level-specific training across all job categories, we have generated a positive cycle in which we increase the awareness of employees and enhance technological and technical skills levels.
Despite the challenges created by the COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented training almost as planned by proactively incorporating online training methods in order to secure ongoing educational opportunities.
   Online training (carefully avoiding closed spaces, Tsubaki Technical Skills Olympics (engine lathe operation) Overseas trainee (the United States) crowded places, and close-contact settings)
Respect for Human Rights
To ensure that nobody involved in our businesses is subject to any form of discrimination or harassment that violates individual dignity including on the grounds of race, ethnic group, nationality, social status, origin, gender, disability, health status, thoughts and beliefs, sexual orientation, or difference of job type or employment status, we are implementing measures to enhance ethics
awareness among employees.
During Corporate Ethics Awareness Month, which we
hold annually in February, each domestic and overseas Group company fulfills its responsibility to raise awareness by carrying out activities for ensuring compliance with the laws and rules in their respective countries, including with regard to human rights.
52 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021

  Initiatives for Promoting Diversity
Since 2018, Tsubakimoto Chain has been promoting workstyle reforms to enable a diverse range of employees to perform to the best of their individual abilities. Under these reforms, we have been pursuing
a variety of measures to realize efficient and flexible workstyles. At the Labor/Management Joint Committee, labor and management are working together to implement initiatives for reducing excessively long work
Initiatives for Reforming Workstyles
1. Active Participation of Women
hours and encouraging employees to use paid leave. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we offered
special leave and promoted teleworking for parents following emergency school closures. We also revised office layouts to facilitate communication and operational efficiency, including through the introduction of hot desking at headquarters and our Osaka and Tokyo offices.
Number of Women in Managerial Roles /
Ratio of Female Employees in Senior Roles (Domestic)
We promote the active participation of women. In the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2021, we adopted the target of
increasing the percentage of female employees on a non-consolidated basis to 10% (the percentage was 8.8% 20 as of April 1, 2021), and are actively encouraging applications
15
from various high schools and universities. We proactively
provide opportunities for promotion to outstanding
employees, irrespective of gender, and are advancing 5 the promotion of women to management positions.
(People)
25
Number of women in managerial roles (left) (%) Ratio of female employees in senior roles (right) 5
 3.3
4.1
3.5 4
 2. Promotion of the Employment of People with Disabilities
We are striving to expand the employment of people with disabilities in a wide range of fields, including at manufacturing worksites and in administrative work
and health management, by developing a workplace environment that allows them to engage in work that makes use of their individual talents and aptitudes.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, we established a special subsidiary that succeeded in promoting increased employment of people with disabilities to ensure legally compliant employment rates at Tsubakimoto Chain.
3. Active Participation of Seniors
TOPICS
1 00
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
In April 2020, we adopted an Age 65 Retirement System, extending the mandatory retirement age from 60 to 65 years old. This system aims to enable the Company to deploy its comprehensive strengths, raising awareness among senior employees of their status as core personnel playing active roles by making use of the knowledge, skills, and rich experience they have accumulated over many years. With improvements also being made to employment conditions, the rate of continuous employment after the adoption of the system (FY2020) stood at 96%.
We have also enhanced career training for employees when they are 50 years old. We revised the training content to encourage such employees to maintain their desire to work and continue learning until they reach 65 years old, in an effort to help them adjust their outlook.
10
2.6 7
3 9 10 9 10 2
3.2
  Communication with Employees
We strive to create an open workplace culture by regularly conducting employee awareness surveys, carrying out business status briefings to explain financial results and issues, and holding a president’s town hall meeting. During the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, the Company streamed a video message from the president to employees in Japan and overseas to ease their concerns and call upon them to work together to overcome this difficult situation.
Online streaming of the president’s video message
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 53
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 Sustainability Management
S Health and Safety Management
  Under its corporate philosophy, the Tsubaki Spirit, the Tsubaki Group has adopted safety and quality as the highest priority in its Code of Conduct, and strives to prevent work-related accidents and maintain and enhance the health of its employees as a monozukuri company guided by its Basic Safety Policy. In February 2009, the Group established the Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Committee, which advances activities aimed at enhancing health and safety throughout the Group.
Please refer to our website for details on our health and safety management. https://tsubakimoto.com/sustainability/society/employees/health/
Safety Management System
The Group has established the Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Committee to supervise health and safety activities for the Group as a whole. The committee formulates the Health and Safety Activities Plan and confirms the progress status of safety activities at each business location. We promote ongoing safety activities based on the following three pillars:
1 Risk management: Promotion of risk assessment activities to prevent serious accidents
2 Equipment and work environment maintenance: Development and implementation of machinery and equipment safety guidelines that aim to realize the fundamental safety of machinery
3 Employee development: Cultivation of safety-oriented personnel who understand and follow basic safety protocol at all times
Safety Management System
      Initiatives for Promoting the Health and Safety of Employees
Activities for Preventing Serious Accidents
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, we set activities for preventing serious accidents as the priority issue for our occupational health and safety activities and began the new initiative of making fixed-point observations in order to identify non-routine tasks that can lead to serious accidents.
We also published machinery and equipment safety guidelines with the aim of making machinery fundamentally safer. In accordance with these guidelines, safety officers participate from the design stage of, through to the performance of safety checks on, new equipment.
Employee Health Promotion
To promote the health of our employees, we are strengthening activities for the prevention and early detection of disease. In these activities, we carry out a variety of health checks on employees who work long hours, including regular health checkups and special health examinations, in collaboration with industrial physicians, health management staff, and managers.
We regularly provide education on mental health, in support of employees and supervisors. In addition, we have strengthened initiatives for the prevention and early treatment of disease by establishing a consultation service operated by dedicated staff.
Health promotion event (February 2020)
Industrial Accidents (domestic)
 (People)
10 8 6 4
Number of accidents leading to work stoppages (left) Frequency of industrial accidents (right)
0.69
0.66
0.8 0.6 0.4 0.2
 55
0.53
4
22
0 000
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
54 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
0.27
Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Committee
 Tsubakimoto Chain Health and Safety Promotion Dept.
Tsubaki Group Health and Safety Implementation Representatives Conference
   Tsubakimoto Chain
(Each business division)
Group Companies
(Domestic)
Group Companies
(Overseas)
  
 Sustainability Management
S Quality Management
  Under its corporate philosophy, the Tsubaki Spirit, the Tsubaki Group has adopted safety and quality as the highest priorities in its Code of Conduct as a monozukuri company. In accordance with these priorities, we have etablished a Basic Quality Policy. We strive to maintain and improve the Tsubaki brand by thoroughly pursuing high quality and quality management as a monozukuri company.
Please refer to our website for details on our quality management. https://tsubakimoto.com/sustainability/society/products/
System for Promoting Quality Management
We have established a system for promoting quality management led by the Tsubaki Group Quality Committee. In April 2018, to further ensure the effectiveness of these efforts, we established the Quality and Environmental Promotion Department as a headquarters operations overseeing the entire Group, and the Quality Managers Committee as a cross-organizational implementation body. In addition to traditional quality control assurance activities in each division, the Company conducts audits from a third-party perspective, formulates Group quality guidelines, and implements cross-organizational activities to improve quality. Through such methods, we not only aim for zero defects in quality but also to strengthen our system and abide by our promises to our customers. In
doing so, we are strengthening the governance of quality management while maintaining and improving the Tsubaki brand.
System for Promoting Group Quality Management
(As of April 2021)
* Name changed to Quality Control Department on October 1, 2021
 Tsubaki Group Quality Committee
(Chairman: Executive officer in charge of quality, the environment, and occupational safety)
  Tsubakimoto Chain
(Headquarters, Quality Management Dept.
 Quality Managers Committee
      Tsubakimoto Chain
(Each business division)
Domestic Group Companies (Permanent)
Overseas Group Companies (Non-permanent)
 Initiatives for Providing Safe and Reliable Products
We aim to improve quality management skills by developing level-specific education on quality and improvement in our Companywide educational system.  As we move forward, we will enhance quality specialist education centered on the Quality and Environmental Promotion Department, such as providing education on statistical methodology, nurturing lecturers, and promoting the acquisition of quality control examination certificates as well as implementing initiatives such as
TOPICS
fieldwork for quality training participants from Group companies for a period of one to two years. At the same time, we are introducing individual quality targets and quality model factory systems aimed at raising quality awareness among all employees.
Quality guidance at an overseas subsidiary
  Our Quality Activities Garner Praise from a Global Automobile Manufacturer
Tsubakimoto Automotive Mexico, our Mexican subsidiary, has received Ford Q1 certification from Ford Motor Company’s quality management program. This certification comprises Ford’s own program for assessing whether or not its suppliers have a quality management system in place that meets the
requirements of their customers. The quality level and production planning
process for the timing chain systems that the Group delivers to Ford were
recognized for their high performance in the automobile industry.
Additionally, Mobility Operations in Japan and Tsubakimoto Automotive
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd. earned plaudits and received awards for their quality
activities from Toyota Motor Corporation and two Toyota group companies
in China, respectively. Tsubakimoto Automotive Mexico, recipients of Ford Q1 certification
 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 55
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 Sustainability Management
S Coexisting with Local Communities
 The Tsubaki Group’s manufacturing and sales bases extend to 26 countries and regions across the world. We not only contribute to society through our business activities but also understand cultures and laws and regulations that differ by country and region and carry out a host of activities rooted in local communities as members of those communities. (In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, many activities were cancelled as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.)
Please refer to our website for details on our initiatives in local communities. https://tsubakimoto.com/sustainability/society/communing/
Initiatives in Japan
In Japan, we conduct support activities for fostering interest in science and monozukuri among children through a variety of activities, including visiting institutes of technology (colleges) to give lectures to students as well as offering work experience to junior and senior high school students and hands-on plant tours to elementary and junior-high school students. We also carry out activities rooted in communities as a corporate citizen. Activities that we carry out regularly include donating Tsubaki products to aid disaster preparedness and mitigation activities, holding an environmental fair, and performing cleanup activities in the areas around our plants.
Holding the Fourth Tsubaki Future Creation Contest at Maizuru College
We held our fourth collaborative lesson with Maizuru College. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the lessons, group work, and final review were all carried out
Overseas Initiatives
We also carry out various charity and environmental activities overseas in accordance with local characteristics. The mangrove-planting activities performed by our subsidiary in Thailand are worthy of special mention both for the participation of employees and for their continuity.
Tsubakimoto Automotive (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (TAT)
Tsubaki Automotive (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (TAT) began its mangrove-planting activities in 2008. The number of volunteers taking part in these activities has increased in tandem with business expansion, and 2,800 trees were planted in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. The planting of 32,753 trees over 13 years equates to CO2 emission reductions of 408.31 tons. These steady, ongoing efforts are contributing to CO2 reduction
online due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The theme for the contest was “proposals for new products that bring happiness to people.” Incorporating future megatrends and SDG perspectives, participants anticipated the distant future and established hypothetical users. Based on this premise, the participants proposed products to be developed in ten years’ time. Employees of the Company who had graduated from Maizuru College also took part in the review and shared information with students.
 56 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
Online Tsubaki Future Creation Contest
countermeasures.
TAT also conducts social contribution activities,
including wildlife protection activities (activities for replenishing salt and nutrients) and the donation to an elementary school of the proceeds from the sale of recycled goods brought in by employees.