 Governance
G Corporate Governance
 The Company regards enhancing corporate governance as one of the most important management tasks for creating value for customers and contributing to society. The Group has thus formulated its approach into the basic corporate governance policy stated below and strives to improve its corporate governance.
Please refer to our website for details on our Basic Corporate Governance Policy and other governance-related matters. https://tsubakimoto.com/sustainability/governance/
Corporate Governance Structure (As of June 29, 2021)
    Appoint or dismiss
Appoint or dismiss
Appoint or dismiss
 Consult
Recommend
     Audit
General Meeting of Shareholders
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Committee Chairman: Outside Director
          Report
 Overview of Corporate Governance Structure (As of June 29, 2021)
Company with Auditors
7 (of which 3 are outside directors) 1 year
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
4 (of which 2 are outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
3 outside directors and 2 outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
13 (fiscal year ended March 31, 2021) 16 (fiscal year ended March 31, 2021)
3 (fiscal year ended March 31, 2021)Number of independent board members
Number of meetings of the Board of Directors
Number of meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board
Number of meetings of the Nomination and Remuneration CommitteeOrganizational structure
Number of directors
Term of office of directors
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Number of Audit & Supervisory Board members
58 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
Audit & Supervisory
Board
4 Audit & Supervisory Board members
Inside Outside Members Members 22
Board of Directors 7 directors
(Chairman: CEO)
Inside Outside Directors 4 Directors 3
      Cooperate
Cooperate
Audit
Instruct/ Supervise
Supervise Place items on agenda/Report Report
COO
Management Meeting
(Chairman: COO)
Report
 Supervise
Strategy
Meeting
(Chairman: CEO)
 Appoint
or dismiss, Supervise
Supervise
Report
Internal Control Committee
 Internal Auditing Department
 Promote
Committees established for:
• Risk management
• Corporate ethics
• Information security • The environment
• Quality
• Health and safety
 Cooperate
Audit
Executive Officers 18
 Independent Auditors
  Divisions / Group Companies
  System for Strategy Formulation and Supervision, and Business Execution
The Company makes a clear distinction between strategy formulation and oversight of the Group by the Board of Directors and business execution by the COO and the executive officers, who are also members of the Management Meeting. Furthermore, the Company holds
the Strategy Meeting, which is positioned as the second-highest decision-making body in the Company after the Board of Directors, to deliberate and make decisions regarding important Groupwide business strategies and management policies.
Systems to Ensure ManagementTransparency and Flexibility
We are striving to enhance the independence of the Board of Directors through the appointment of outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board
members while strengthening the management supervision function and improving management transparency to increase our corporate value.
Reasons for Appointing Outside Directors (Independent Board Members) and Their Attendance at Meetings of the Board of Directors
 Name
Reason for appointment
Attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
   Shuji Abe
Keiichi Ando
Hisae Kitayama
The Company appointed Mr. Abe in order to receive his objective advice concerning its focus on the three areas of technologies, development, and manufacturing as three core areas based on his wealth of insight and experience as the manager of a manufacturing company.
The Company appointed Mr. Ando in order to receive his objective advice on such fields as finance and corporate governance based on his insight and wealth of experience as a director of financial and other institutions.
The Company appointed Ms. Kitayama in order to receive her objective advice on such fields as finance and accounting based on her wealth of experience as a certified public accountant at an auditing firm and high level of expertise regarding corporate accounting.
Attended all 13 meetings
Attended all 13 meetings
Attended all 11 meetings
   * Ms. Kitayama’s attendance record covers meetings of the Board of Directors held after her appointment on June 26, 2020.
Reasons for Appointing Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members (Independent Board Members) and Their Attendance at Meetings of the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board
 Name
Reason for appointment
 Attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
   Shozo Seki
Hidefumi Naito
The Company appointed Mr. Seki so that its audit system could benefit from his wealth of experienceasanattorneyandhishighlevelofexpertiseregardingcorporatelegalaffairs.
The Company appointed Mr. Naito so that its audit system could benefit from his wealth of experience as an attorney and his high level of expertise regarding corporate legal affairs.
Board of Directors Audit & Supervisory Board Attendedall13meetings Attendedall16meetings
Attendedall13meetings Attendedall16meetings
  Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
We have been evaluating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors since 2018 in order to improve its performance. The Company requires all of its directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members to complete a questionnaire on matters including the Board of Directors’ structure, operation, and agenda items. Based on an analysis and evaluation of the questionnaire results, we have determined that the Board of Directors is functioning effectively.
In light of the results of the previous evaluation, we have been holding information sharing meetings since July 2020 for directors with the objective of further improving discussions about medium- to long-term
policies and strategies at Board meetings. With directors primarily sharing information on matters including business performance and management issues, these information sharing meetings were seen as being effective in invigorating discussions at Board meetings.
Nevertheless, since we received much valuable input on such topics as the further improvement of discussions on medium- to long-term management policies and strategies and the setting of agenda items at meetings of the Board of Directors, we will continue to look into improvements to further enhance the Board’s effectiveness.
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 59
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 Governance
 Corporate Governance
 Executive Compensation
The Board of Directors passed a resolution on the policy for determining the method for calculating compensation after deliberations and reporting by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, a voluntary advisory body to the Board of Directors comprising a majority of outside directors. Inside Directors
So that compensation for internal directors provides an effective incentive for realizing sustainable improvements in corporate value over the long term, the Company has adopted a compensation system that focuses on the link between business performance and shareholder profit. Specifically, this system comprises fixed compensation and performance-based compensation, which are monetary
compensation, and restricted stock compensation, which is non-monetary compensation.
Outside Directors
Given that they perform the role of carrying out management supervision from an objective and neutral standpoint, compensation for outside directors comprises only fixed compensation, which is monetary compensation.
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Given that they perform the role of carrying out management supervision from an objective and neutral standpoint, compensation for Audit & Supervisory Board members comprises only fixed compensation, which is monetary compensation.
 Executive Category
Total Compensation Amount (Millions of yen)*1
Total Amount of Each Type of Compensation (Millions of yen)*1
 Number of Applicable Personnel*2
Fixed Compensation
Performance-Based Compensation
Non-Monetary
Compensation (Restricted Stock Compensation)
  Directors 282 (Outside directors) (25)
Audit & Supervisory Board members 53 (Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members) (10)
191 (25)
53 (10)
76
—
14 9 (4)
— 5 (2)
  *1 Numbers less than one million yen have been truncated.
*2 The above includes one director and one Audit & Supervisory Board member who ended their terms of services at 111th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held
on June 26, 2020.
Internal Control System
For the Company and other Group companies, we have formulated internal control regulations and established the Internal Control Committee in accordance with our Basic Policy on Internal Control. The Internal Control Committee is responsible for advancing ongoing initiatives in the following areas that are inclusive of the entire organization and participated in by all employees.
1. Internal control initiatives stipulated by the Companies Act
We have established an emergency contact system on a global scale to enable information on risks that occur within the Group to be promptly communicated to senior management. We also implement annual risk management status surveys of major subsidiaries in Japan and overseas to ascertain the status of their risk management and follow up on their activities.
2. Internal control initiatives described in the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act
Based on the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, the Group has established internal control initiatives to ensure the appropriateness of the preparation process for its consolidated financial statements. As overseas sales have
increased in recent years, the number of overseas subsidiaries covered by these initiatives has increased.
For this reason, with the aim of quickly introducing these initiatives at overseas subsidiaries, we are taking steps toward establishing related materials for, and the sharing of expertise with, overseas subsidiaries while concentrating efforts on enhancing the efficiency and accuracy of evaluations.
3. Internal control initiatives conducted by the Group
on a voluntary basis
The Group is advancing Tsubaki Internal Control Operation (TICO) initiatives for documenting the procedures of important work in each department. As activities that ensure the appropriateness of controls of risks for each type of work and allow us to observe inefficiencies or waste through the
visualization of important processes, the TICO activities play a valuable role in the Group’s important internal control initiatives.
Internal control meeting at an overseas subsidiary
 60 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021

 Governance
G Compliance and Risk Management
  In order to implement our corporate philosophy, the Tsubaki Spirit, we believe it is vital that all executives and employees act in compliance with laws and regulations, ethics, and company rules. To that end, we have formulated the Corporate Work Ethics, which are a clearly defined set of ethical guidelines, and we are working to raise awareness and spread information on ethics through activities, training and other initiatives to strengthen ethics.
To fulfill our social responsibility as a corporation, it is essential that we appropriately manage the various risks that may arise during the course of our business activities. We have established a Risk Management Policy, under which we strive to prevent the actualization of risks and minimize possible losses by continually identifying and understanding risk factors regarding a host of risks that could significantly impact on our business.
Please refer to our website for details on compliance and risk management. https://tsubakimoto.com/sustainability/governance/compliance/
Implementation and Spread of Compliance
Corporate Ethics Awareness Month
We have designated February of every year as our Corporate Ethics Awareness Month, in which Group companies in Japan and overseas take part. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the number of participating companies was limited by the COVID-19 pandemic to 24 out of 51, as we responded to the conditions in various countries overseas. Due to the circumstances, we carried out educational activities on ethics awareness centered on e-learning in Japan and remote learning overseas.
In addition, we have published the Tsubaki Corporate Ethics Handbook in six languages as a tool to instill the Corporate Work Ethics. We also plan ethics training throughout the year.
Establishment of a Consultation and Reporting Hotline
As a whistleblowing system, the Group facilitates anonymous reporting through a Corporate Ethics Hotline, which provides both an internal (operated by the
Risk Management Activities
The Group periodically assesses the status of the risks to which each Group company is exposed and the status of their response to those risks. Based on the assessment results, the corporate ethics, information security, environment, quality, health and safety, and other committees conduct specific risk management activities in each of these fields.
In our response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which spread rapidly from 2020 onward, we established the Emergency Response Headquarters in February 2020, with the president serving as its chief based on the Guidelines for Measures in Response to New Infectious Diseases. Since establishing the headquarters, we have implemented a variety of measures in response to
employee in charge of corporate ethics) and an external (operated by a legal adviser) consultation service. The Corporate Ethics Hotline deals not only with the Corporate Work Ethics and violations of laws, regulations, and internal rules but also with personal concerns.
 A Corporate Ethics Awareness Month meeting at an overseas subsidiary
Number of companies that participated in Corporate Ethics Awareness Month
(FY)
 2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
49 51 51 51 51 24
 changing conditions with the safety and security of our customers, employees and their families, and relevant parties as our highest priority. We have also provided material assistance, such as masks and disinfectants, to our overseas bases. Conversely, we have seen global activities for cooperation and support to overcome the pandemic, with overseas bases sending masks when they were not easily available in Japan.
We are maintaining our efforts to strike a balance between preventing the spread of infection and continuing our business activities, through measures such as telework to reduce the number of workplace attendees, and the introduction of leave for vaccinations.
TSUBAKI REPORT 2021 61
Medium- to Long-Term Growth Story Value Creation Scheme Business Strategy Business Overview Sustainability Management Governance
Supplementary Information (Financial and Non-Financial Data and Corporate Information)

 Governance
 G BoardofDirectors,Audit&SupervisoryBoardMembers,andExecutiveOfficers(As of June 29, 2021)
 Front row
Back row
Kenji Kose
President and COO Representative Director
Yasushi Ohara
Chairman and CEO Representative Director
   Audit & Supervisory Board Members (Standing)
Koji Tanaka Kazuya Kawasaki
Audit & Supervisory Board Members (Outside)
Shozo Seki Hidefumi Naito
Senior Executive Officers
Masaki Miyaji
Kevin Richard Powers Toshihiro Ageta Kazutomo Nakamura Hiromi Ishida
Kozo Inoue
Masafumi Okamoto
Keiichi Ando
Outside Director
Executive Officers
Nobuaki Haga Atsushi Kumakura Isao Sato
Futoshi Tanyama Yasuhiro Akesaka Hisao Nishii
Osamu Kawakami Takao Maeda Masayoshi Fujimura
62 TSUBAKI REPORT 2021
Hisae Kitayama
Outside Director
Shuji Abe
Outside Director
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Tadahiro Otsuki
Managing Executive Officer
Yasushi Nagai
Tadasu Suzuki
Director
Takatoshi Kimura
Director