      ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Shin-Marunouchi Center Bldg.,
1-6-2, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0005 https://www.advantest.com/
Integrated Annual Report 2020
   Please see our website for more detailed information about Advantest.
For Our Investors
Integrated Annual Report
Sustainability Databook
Environment
Climate Change Mitigation Green Products Environment Data
Society
Development of Human Resources & Fair Evaluation and Promotion
Protection and Respect for Human Rights
Governance
Risk Management Compliance
            
 Introduction
  01 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
ESG For Sustainability
                The Advantest Way
Since our founding in 1954, Advantest has developed and supplied the leading-edge measurement technologies that customers need, contributing to safety, security, and comfort worldwide through electronics quality assurance.
In 2019, the 65th anniversary of our founding, we codified our mission, vision, and core values in the form of "The Advantest Way". The corporate culture articulated in The Advantest Way is the force that drives Advantest's business growth.
Mission : Why do we exist
Enabling Leading-Edge Technologies
We will continuously improve ourselves so that we can offer products and services that will satisfy our customers worldwide, and contribute to the development of our society through the development of the most advanced technologies.
Vision : What we want to be
Adding Customer Value in an Evolving Semiconductor Value Chain
Advantest will further contribute to the semiconductor industry by enriching, expanding, and integrating our test and measurement solutions throughout the entire semiconductor value chain.
Our Mission
Our Vision
Core Values
Enabling Leading-Edge Technologies
Adding Customer Value in an Evolving Semiconductor Value Chain
INTEGRITY
INNOVATION NUMBER ONE TRUST EMPOWERMENT GLOBAL RESPECT INCLUSION AND DIVERSITY TEAMWORK
YES
CONTENTS
Introduction
01 The Advantest Way
03 About Advantest
05 Advantest’s History
07 The Value Creation Process and Advantest’s Business Model
09 CEO Message
Our Strategy
15 Our Market and Strategy 19 Grand Design
21 Materiality
25 Risk Management
27 Financial Strategy & Capital Policy
Our Performance
31 Mid-Term Management Plan and Results
33 Business Portfolio
35 Consolidated Financial
and Non-Financial Highlights
37 Becoming a 100-Year Company
1. R&D Priority Strategies
2. Advantest’s Manufacturing Strengths 3. HR Strategy
Sustainability
43 Sustainability: Addressing Three Important Social Issues
45 Climate Change Initiatives
49 Protection and Respect for Human Rights
50 Occupational Health and Safety Management
51 Collaboration with Our Supply Chain 52 Customer Engagement
53 Human Resources Initiatives
Governance
55 Board of Directors
57 Messages from Outside Directors
59 Thoughts about Corporate Governance (Dialogue between CEO and Outside Director)
61 Corporate Governance
63 Board of Directors / Board Effectiveness
65 Audit System / Nomination and Compensation Committee / Others
67 Compensation and the General Meeting of Shareholders
Information
69 11 Year Financial Highlights
71 Sustainability Accounting Standard Board (SASB) Disclosures
73 Commentary: The Semiconductor Supply Chain and Semiconductor Test
75 Global Network
77 Corporate Overview / Stock Information
78 Message from the Issuance Manager and External Evaluation
Our Strategy
Our Performance
Sustainability
Governance Information
                  Core Values : What we value most
●“Integrity” means honesty and truthfulness.
●When you have integrity, it means being open, honest
and respectful at all times with all stakeholders.
The value of Integrity can serve as a common thread uniting people of diverse cultures, religions, and viewpoints, and it is
Advantest’s core value globally.
Our
           Core Values「INTEGRITY」 INTEGRITY
The Three Foundations that Support our Mission, Vision, and Core Values
Guiding
Principle
Quest for the Essence
Ethical Standards
         INNOVATION
is our Lifeblood
● We challenge the status quo. ● We embrace technologies and
entrepreneurship to create superior customer value.
NUMBER ONE
is our Aspiration
● We earn our leadership position in our business fields every day.
● We establish an impeccable standard of excellence.
TRUST
is our Foundation
We are a trusted, collaborative partner.
We have confidence in each other’s capabilities and intentions.
EMPOWERMENT
is our Motivation
● We are empowered to make decisions with an owner’s mentality.
● We own Advantest’s success.
GLOBAL
is our Reach
● We embrace a world of constant change.
● We are always ready. Anytime. Anywhere.
RESPECT
is our Heart
● We respect different cultures, customs, and laws.
● We never compromise on our ethical standards.
INCLUSION AND DIVERSITY
is our Commitment
● We are proud of and appreciate the range of different backgrounds that our talents represent.
● We believe that strength can come from differences as well as similarities.
TEAMWORK YES
Disclaimer Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
● ●
is our Approach
● We work smart and best utilizing our talents across teams and regions to do extraordinary work.
● We inspire each other, encourage openness, and recognize team results.
is our Attitude
● We deliver on results promised to each other.
● We recognize that impossible is an opinion, and with imagination, we can change the world.
This report contains statements about Advantest's current plans, estimates, strategies and outlook. Anything that is not historical fact is a prediction of future performance based on the best judgment of management, derived from the information available at the time this booklet was published. The semiconductor test system market is constantly subject to fluctuations that affect Advantest's core business. In addition, important factors that can affect actual business performance include economic trends, rapid exchange rate fluctuations, intensifying competition, and natural disasters. Due to these risks and uncertainties, our future performance may differ materially from what is described in this publication. Therefore, it should not be assumed that the goals set forth herein will necessarily be achieved.
Scope of This Report
This report covers FY2019 (April 1, 2019 - March 31, 2020). However, it also mentions dates before and after this period as necessary. The data aggregation range is identical with the scope of Advantest's consolidated financial statements, unless otherwise stated.
Integrated Annual Report 2020 02

                                                                                            About Advantest
Advantest is a provider of test and measurement solutions focusing on electronic measurement technology. Our core product line is semiconductor test equipment. These systems measure and test semiconductors with high accuracy and efficiency to ensure that they operate properly and meet performance and reliability requirements.
In their diverse roles in products used throughout the world, and especially in the processing and storage of large volumes of data, semiconductors are now a form of social infrastructure. Advantest plays a key part in the creation of a sustainable future for humanity by assuring their quality and reliability.
           Data Centers
  Medical Equipments
      Base-station
 03 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Smart Agriculture
  135 130 125 120 115 110 105 1 95 90 85 80 75 70 65 60 55 50
Greenhouse Gas emission reduction
Introduction
Our Strategy
Our Performance Sustainability Governance Information
 Automotives
  Smartphones
Robotics
VR & Game consoles
Integrated Annual Report 2020 04
V
3
V
l
9
9
0
3
0 0
0
0
E
0
E
X
X
A
S
A
S
c
c
a
e
a l
e

           Advantest’s History
Measuring the Future
Advantest’s 66-Year History
  Since Advantest's founding, we have paved the way for successive waves of innovation by providing leading-edge measurement technology. We will continue to support technological innovation and semiconductor production volume growth through test, contributing to the sustainable development of the world we all share.
1954 Takeda Riken Industries founded with four employees.
1957 TR-124B Electronic Counter for digitally measuring frequency became a hit product.
1963 Launched the Digital Multimeter, the first Japanese- made digital voltmeter.
1972 Launched the first Japanese-made semiconductor test systems, the T-320/20 and T-320/30.
1979 Launched the VLSI test system with a test frequency of 100MHz, boasting the highest performance in the world.
1982 Established a local subsidiary in the United States. Facilities were later established elsewhere around the world.
1985 The company’s name was changed to Advantest Corporation. Obtained the No. 1 share in the semiconductor test equipment market, according to VLSIresearch.
1993 Launched the T6691, a VLSI test system featuring an industry-best test speed of 500MHz/1GHz
1995 250MHz S-DRAM memory test system T5581 launched; become a best-selling product.
  Introduction Our Strategy
Our Performance
Sustainability Governance Information
2003 Acquired Japan Engineering Co., Ltd.
2008 Acquired Credence Systems GmbH.
2011 Acquired major semiconductor test equipment provider Verigy Ltd. and started selling the V93000 Smart Scale test system
T2000 open architecture test system.
Press conference announcing Advantest’s acquisition of major semiconductor testing equipment provider Verigy in 2011.
Sales of the Company 1990
Net sales(billion of yen) 300.0
2018
2019
2020
New mid- to long-term management policy announced. Acquired the system level test business of Astronics, Inc.
Acquired US company Essai, Inc. and announced a partnership with US company PDF Solutions Inc.
  Advantest Developer Conference VOICE (2018).
 System level test system.
200.0
 Our founding team. Founder Ikuo Takeda is second from left in the front row.
T3380 VLSI test system.
Our first product, the Micro Micro Ammeter.
The T3340 LSI test system being delivered to a US customer in 1982
A blockbuster product of the 1990s, the T5581 memory test system
2001 - 2016
0
100.0
  1954 - 1980
 1954
Advantest Enters the Semiconductor Test Equipment Market by
Measuring the Future
Under founder Ikuo Takeda, who began his career at the Electrical Testing Laboratory of Japan's Ministry of Communications, the company released a string of hit products. We continued to grow in step with the Japanese electronics industry, and calibrated our R&D investments to the coming era of semiconductors by applying our measurement technology to the development of test equipment. Overcoming a management crisis in the early 1970s, we succeeded in developing world-class semiconductor test systems combining high-speed, highly accurate measurement capability with mass-production performance that can measure up to thousands of semiconductors simultaneously.
1970
1981 - 2000
Advantest Grows by Measuring the Future
of the Semiconductor Industry
In the last decades of the 20th century, semiconductor demand expanded enormously with the popularization of personal computers and the Internet. Advantest's semiconductor test systems, combining state-of-the-art measurement technology with support for mass production, helped to enable semiconductor evolution and production growth, which in turn led to further demand for our products. In 1985, we gained the leading market share in the world semiconductor test equipment market for the first time, marking the central importance of our test system business to the company.
1980
   Advantest Overcomes Intense Competition by
Measuring the Future Better
As the Market Enters a New Growth Phase, Advantest Continues to
Measuring the Future of
Semiconductor Evolution
Semiconductors now play a central role not only in smartphones but also in automobiles, data servers, and various other devices that support our safety, security, and comfort. As devices gain in functionality, complexity, and capacity, reliability demands also continue to grow. Semiconductor test items and test times are increasing, underlining the importance of leading-edge test technology. To capture this opportunity, we formulated a new mid- to long-term management policy in 2018. By adding new value in the evolving semiconductor value chain, including system-level test and cloud-based services, Advantest aims to become a company that will last for a hundred years and more, while proudly upholding our founders' focus on unique technology and dedication to meeting customer needs.
With the bursting of the dot-com bubble and through 2008 financial crisis, the main semiconductor demand driver shifted from PCs to smaller, more affordable smartphones. In response, the semiconductor test equipment market demanded higher efficiency and lower costs, kicking off an era of intense competition when loser companies were weeded out. Advantest emerged stronger than ever, thanks to our industry-leading measurement technology, the cost advantages we offer for mass production, and our aggressive M&A policy.
2000
2010
2018
2017 -
 05 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 06
      
                                                                                            The Value Creation Process and Advantest’s Business Model
As our lives become ever more digitized through the IoT as well as the shift to online, value creation is increasingly driven by data rather than physical objects, a change that can be described as "the digital transformation" (DX). The explosive increase in data volumes, and the diversifying roles that applied data plays in society, are accelerating demand for semiconductors, while functionality and performance requirements are dramatically evolving. Advantest supports the reliability of semiconductors by "Measuring the Future" to contribute to safety, security and comfort worldwide.
Introduction Our Strategy Our Performance Sustainability Governance Information
  Input
See pages 33-34
Broad customer base
See pages 37-38
Technology / R&D capacity "Measuring the Future"
See pages 27-30
Strong and healthy financial structure
See pages 41-42
Human resources (global, diversity)
See pages 43-54
Sustainability based on ESG
SCM for low cost and high quality
*SCM : Supply Chain Management
Further reinforcement of competitiveness through ROIC*-based business management and efficient investment management
Diverse Needs & Issues
Digital Transformation
・Higher semiconductor functionality ・High reliability requirements
SDGs
・Climate change ・Urbanization ・Respect for human rights ・Aging Society
ESG management
・Expectations for sustainable growth over the medium to long term
Value return
・Return of value to stakeholders
           See pages 31-32
Grand Design
See pages19-20
See pages 21-26
Cloud, software, data analytics
Output
Value created
Outcome
Returns to stakeholders
      Reinforce core business, invest strategically
Explore value to reach a higher level
Pioneer new business fields
      Seek operational excellence
      Customers
(high-quality products and solutions)
        Design /evaluation
Mass production of semiconductors
Product /system level test
  See pages 33-34
Employees
(compensation, job satisfaction)
        Supply chain
(business opportunities)
  Mission
Vision
Core Values
ESG for Sustainability
Enable Leading-Edge Technologies
Semiconductors are brought to life with "Measuring the Future" technology that ensures their reliability. Semiconductors support safety, security, and comfort as a form of social infrastructure.
  Community
(tax payments, job creation, environmental protection)
 Adding Customer Value in an Evolving Semiconductor Value Chain
INTEGRITY
Guiding Principle Code of Conduct
Quest for the Essence 17 Ethical Standards
  Our planet
(contributions to the SDGs)
       07
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2020 08
*ROIC : Return On Invested Capital
The Advantest Way
Products and solutions that support customers' business by "Measuring the Future"
Shareholders
(dividends, highly efficient capital management)
  See pages 01-02
and 41-42
 m
r
e
t
-
a
n
g
a
a
g
n
g
e
m
o
l
e
o
t
t
p
-
o
d
i
l
i
c
M
y
t
M
n
e
a
t
m
n
e
e
r
i
n
a
a
M
k
l
i
t
y
/
R
i
m
s

 Introduction
 Achieving the Goals of Our Grand Design One Steady Step at a Time
Representative Director, President and CEO
  Net sales
 Operating margin
 ROE
 EPS
  09 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
           CEO Message
Our Strategy
Our Performance
Sustainability Governance Information
Net sales
Operating income
Operating margin
       275.9
58.7
21.3
FY2019 Results
53.5
Numerical KPI Targets for FY2018–FY2020 Mid-Term Management Plan (three-year average)
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Return on Equity (ROE)
% 24.9
Earnings per Share (EPS)
billion yen
billion yen
%
   billion yen
270
yen
 Base scenario
Conservative case
FY2018 results
FY2019 results
250.0 billion yen
230.0 billion yen
282.5 billion yen
275.9 billion yen
17% 18%
15% 15%
22.9% 35.3%
21.3% 24.9%
170 yen
135 yen
302 yen
270 yen
     The unprecedented global difficulties triggered by COVID-19, which broke out during Advantest’s fiscal year 2019, including the economic and political impact of the pandemic, as well as the changes forced upon us individually and collectively, have made a deep impression on me. The restrictions imposed by our response to the virus will likely continue for some time around the world, but it is my sincere hope that we will soon be able to put the pandemic behind us and resume safe and healthy lives.
The unforeseen scale and speed of COVID-19’s global spread has prompted rapid changes in our daily lives, unavoidably accelerating the digitalization of social life. My longstanding belief that semiconductors are the founda- tion of social infrastructure in the modern world is being confirmed day by day, in Japan and beyond, as the crucial role of these devices rapidly expands to arenas such as education, remote work, and electronic payments.
The mission of the Advantest Group is to deliver safety, security, and comfort for people around the world by guar- anteeing the reliability of the semiconductors that enable their daily lifestyles. From FY2020, our value proposition will be put to the test more stringently than ever. As a company that specializes in test, we are confident that we can continue to meet the ever higher expectations placed on our technology.
A Look Back at the FY2019 Market Environment & Advantest’s Results
For two consecutive years we have achieved record high orders, hitting our targets under our current mid-term management plan (FY ending March 2019 – FY ending March 2021). The success of the measures we have steadily promoted under this plan is starting to show up in our business results. Meanwhile, our investments in R&D and M&A will power the company’s growth in the medium to long term. We intend to continue making these strategic investments even if upfront costs temporarily suppress profits.
Market Environment
Historically prey to cyclical downturns every two years on average, the semiconductor test market has been supported since about 2015 by continuous demand growth fueled by the “digital transformation” now taking place in society. Advantest also saw steady growth during this period. However, in 2019, factors such as the prolonged trade friction between the United State and China, and the ripple effects of their competition for technical hegemony, depressed demand for end products and capital invest- ment across a wide range of areas including electronics, automobiles, and industrial equipment. Manufacturers have adjusted production and reviewed their capex plans. On the other hand, the rising demand around the world for full-scale commercialization of 5G communications is stimulating need for higher performance and enhanced reliability assurance for high-end SoC (System on Chip) semi- conductors, such as devices for smartphones and HPC (high performance computing) that are manufactured on advanced process nodes, which in turn supported strong test demand throughout 2019. Memory and automotive semiconductor device inventory adjustments also entered a recovery phase in the second half of FY2019, creating high expectations for growth in FY2020. Although demand will inevitably rise and fall periodically in the future, the overall outlook for semiconductor test demand continues to be a growth scenario in the medium to long term. What we did not see coming was the impact of COVID-19 on the global economy. This will be discussed later.
Performance Relative to Our Mid-Term Management Plan & Notable Steps Towards Achievement of Advantest’s “Grand Design”
As the market for high-end testers with high performance and high unit prices expands, Advantest’s steadily expanding market share enabled us to end FY2019 on a high note by reaching all our targets under our medium-term management plan (base scenario).
Integrated Annual Report 2020 10

            CEO Message
Introduction Our Strategy Our Performance Sustainability Governance Information
    One objective of our “Grand Design” medium- to long-term management policy which we have already made strides towards achieving is the expansion of our business domains to adjacent markets. As a part of the vision of “adding customer value in an evolving semiconductor value chain” set forth in our Grand Design, we aim to build greater resistance to cyclicality into our profit structure. In line with one of the four strategies we outlined to achieve this vision—“Reinforce Core Businesses, Invest Strategically”—we have substantially reinforced our system level test (SLT)* business. In February 2019, we acquired the SLT business of Astronics, an American company, and in January 2020, Essai Inc. joined the Advantest Group. SLT is utilized for testing products and system-level processes that are located downstream in the semiconductor value chain from the chip test process which has been Advantest’s core business so far. Adding a richer range of SLT solutions to our existing ATE product portfolio has expanded the range of solutions we can provide to customers. At the same time, the addition of Essai’s high-precision IC sockets and thermal control units enables us to differentiate our solutions from the competition. We expect that our SLT business, a relatively high proportion of which is recurring business, will expand in the next fiscal year and beyond, contributing to the stabilization of our earnings.
Operating income declined in FY2019 due to R&D investments and an increase in SG&A expenses due to increased employment of engineers and other personnel. We will continue to secure our invest- ment quotas for human resources and M&A.
*SLT is a test process that incorporates semiconductors into modules and products such as smartphones, servers, and auto- motive electronic devices that require high functionality and reliability due to the increasing functionality and complexity of semiconductors, and further increases the reliability of semiconductors.
Medium-Term Megatrends: Risks & Opportunities
Semiconductors, which are now a key element of social infrastructure, will be used in even more diverse roles in the future. Because of the need to ensure their reliability, semiconductor test demand will grow overall, despite cyclical ups and downs. Thus, the market outlook and growth strategy set forth in our Grand Design remain unchanged. On the other hand, recent events have given us a strong sense of crisis. We will respond more flexibly to environmental changes that are different from anything we have seen the last two years, such as the impact on the global economy of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the supply chain instability and operation issues that have diffused through the industry as a result of intensifying conflict between the United States and China.
Headwinds: COVID-19 & US-China Conflict
In terms of demand, the spread of COVID-19 is driving demand for WFH (Work From Home)-related data centers, while at the same time reducing demand for end products such as automotive equip- ment, industrial machinery, and consumer semiconductors. The Advantest Group’s operations may also be affected, if restrictions on movement around the world or urban lockdowns are prolonged, by procurement and product supply difficulties, as well as a reduced ability to provide in-person customer support by engineers. Also, the intensifying conflict between the United States and China is likely to have no small impact on highly specialized semiconductor supply chains. For example, the tightening of US regulations on Chinese companies will affect the investment stances of the OSAT (Outsourced
Semiconductor Assembly and Test) customers who use Advantest’s testers for smartphone SoCs. If the decoupling of the US and China economies progresses, some semiconductor-related manufac- turers may choose to duplicate parts of their supply chains as a form of risk hedging, but the future is uncertain.
*For more on the impact of COVID-19 and Advantest’s risk management. See pages 25-26 Tailwinds: Demand Growth in High-End Semiconductor Test
On the other hand, the progress of the digital transformation represented by 5G commercialization will promote further semiconductor performance and reliability improvements. This trend is expected to strengthen even if demand slows temporarily. In response to this trend, wafer-level and package-level test are beginning to be reinforced by system/module-level test to enhance the reliability of high-end semiconductors and automotive semiconductors.
4 Strategies: Specific Measures
Thus, we enter fiscal 2020, the final year of our mid-term management plan, amidst instability. In this fiscal year, we will continue to develop our strategies for each of our businesses, work to expand and enhance our solutions across the semiconductor value chain, maintain and expand our market share, and aim to achieve the goals of our Grand Design. To this end, we will continue to grow our core busi- ness, expand our solutions by M&A and other means, and make necessary investments in R&D.
    1 Reinforce core businesses, invest strategically
2 Seek operational excellence
Grand Design Strategies
3 Explore value to reach a higher level
4 Pioneer new business fields
  Reinforce Core Businesses, Invest Strategically: Focus on High-Growth Sectors
We are steadily implementing measures to reinforce the foundations of our business in sectors within our core business identified as having a particularly high growth potential: 5G millimeter-wave devices, high-frequency (RF) devices, high-end memory, and others. We will continue to work to maintain and expand our market share by boosting engagement with our customers so as to hone our ability to develop and provide the solutions customers need, when they need them. We have also globally reinforced our human resources over the last two years by hiring development and support engineers for our high-end SoC tester business. With a global support network that encompasses 17 countries and regions, now further reinforced at the local level, we are able to minimize the impact of COVID-19 on impact on customers, even if the pandemic should be prolonged.
 11 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 12

            CEO Message
Introduction
Our Strategy
Our Performance
Sustainability
Governance
Information
 Pioneer New Business Fields: Expansion into Cloud Data Analytics
We have begun developing new businesses to prepare the way for Advantest’s next growth surge. As a foundation for this, in July 2020, we entered into a business alliance with PDF Solutions (PDFS) in the United States, including a capital investment in PDFS. This expands our business in the data analytics field, one of the target areas mentioned in our Grand Design. By incorporating PDFS’s database and data analysis technology into our hardware-based business structure, we can utilize the data gener- ated from customer workflows to provide feedback on processes from semiconductor design to manufacturing, chip test, and system level test. We aim to build a cloud platform with cross-depart- mental participation that grows new revenue streams over the medium to long term. Advantest relishes the challenge of building a new business by creating new customer value.
Seek Operational Excellence:
A Slimmer Cost Structure for Investment Efficacy
As part of the efforts directed at achievement of our mid-term management plan’s goals over the past two years, we have steadily improved profitability. Our goal of generating free cash flow of ¥85 billion to ¥100 billion during the cumulative period of the mid-term management plan was achieved ahead of schedule. Now that we are in a strong position, I have determined to free up management resources for medium- to long-term growth investments by reviewing budgets and recruitment plans and improving operational efficiency in order to implement a leaner management structure. In particular, the impact of COVID-19 has significantly reduced personnel transfers between overseas locations, and has changed our operational style, for instance through the partial shift of customer support to online and the implementation of telework for many employees. In response to these changes, the cost and workforce plans that we made six months ago have been re-examined.
At the same time, we will invest strategically in the realization of our Grand Design, and continue to review our business and product portfolios with a view to improving capital efficiency. As a part of the background to the partnership with PDFS announced in July, we also decided to sell our probe card business. These decisions exemplify Advantest’s stance of responsiveness to change without fear.
For more on Advantest’s capital policy, see Financial Strategy & Capital Policy on See pages.27-30
Becoming a “100-Year Company” With a Crucial Place in Society
Since I became president of Advantest in 2017, I have often said that I want us to become a “100-year company.” Now that we have passed the two-thirds mark, the requirements for Advantest’s sustainable growth going forward include not only good results in the short term, but also strengthening and promoting ESG management. The very existence of Advantest is premised on a healthy global environment. To preserve the environment and create a sustain- able society into 2054 and beyond, it is essential to consider the entire supply chain. In this era when the future often seems uncertain, the Advantest Way—including our management philos- ophy, vision, core values and ethical guidelines—plays the role of runway lights for the Advantest Group, guiding us as we journey towards our centennial.
Management Philosophy: Enabling Leading-Edge Technologies
Our management philosophy of “enabling leading-edge technologies” leads us to aspire to make things that do not yet exist and take on challenges that no one else has attempted. Around 1954, when the company was founded, the transistor age was only just dawning, and in the late 1980s when we began to be a global company, the IoT and AI were still science fiction. There is no doubt that new
concepts and technologies will emerge in the next 33 years, and I believe that our support for these leading-edge technologies will continue to be the cornerstone of Advantest’s business.
Human Resources Are Management Resources That Grow
Our management philosophy encourages each and every person who works at Advantest to fully demonstrate their diverse capabilities, to stimulate each other’s creativity, and at times to take up the challenge of responding to new needs that have never previously existed. Rather than making excuses for why “I can’t do it,” an Advantest employee seeks to unlock his or her full potential, accept different opinions and ideas, and work with a diverse group of colleagues. This mindset, shared across our entire global team, is summarized by “INTEGRITY,” an acronym standing for the nine core values we aspire to embody. Unlike devices, people are educated, gain experience, and learn teamwork, and they grow throughout their careers. To help them flourish, we in management are responsible for creating and maintaining a corporate culture in which employees can work and fully develop their abilities through an optimal personnel system, training opportunities, and workstyle reforms. We further believe that in order for our employees to continue to grow, we must constantly assess them, using our corporate culture, employee engagement metrics, and various other indicators.
ESG Management Promotion for Sustainable Development
I believe that as we continue our journey towards our 100th anniversary, we need to practice ESG management that enables us to share the value of the Advantest Group with all stakeholders, including customers, business partners, local communities, and employees. What value can Advantest offer by providing the solutions that society needs? From this perspective, ensuring the reliability of semicon- ductors enables us to contribute to society by making people’s lives safer, more secure, and more comfortable. Going forward, we will redouble our efforts to secure human rights and improve work- styles, contribute to local communities and the global environment, and help our customers to reduce their environmental impact throughout the value chain. In addition, the Advantest Way includes a code of conduct that sets out 17 ethical guidelines which must be observed by all employees of the Advantest Group. Legally or ethically questionable behavior overshadows even the greatest achieve- ments. Advantest is dedicated to maintaining impeccable ethical standards, and I am resolved to continuously improve the compliance awareness of the Group as we journey onwards.
Final Thoughts
Fiscal 2019 was a memorable year for us in another way: we achieved first place in the annual semi- conductor manufacturing equipment customer satisfaction survey conducted by VLSIresearch, not only in testers, but in the entire semiconductor manufacturing equipment sector. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to each and every employee of the Advantest Group, all of our business partners, and our customers, for contributing to this achievement. I would also like to thank the communities where we do business every day, and the investors who make it possible. Advantest aims to reach its 100th anniversary as a company with a crucial place in society. With that vision in mind, each and every one of us, starting with myself, is sincerely motivated every day by the desire never to take for granted the trust that has been placed in us.
  13 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 14

 Our Strategy
Invention of Integrated Circuits
Semicon
ductors Now Essential to Our Lives
      Invention of Transistors (Dawn of the Semiconductor Era)
 Social issues solved by AI and data analysis
 Data volumes are growing exponentially (the “data explosion”)
     Cloud (Cyberspace)
Data Network
Sensor
All phenomena in Society
    15 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
            Our Market and Strategy
Introduction Our Performance Sustainability Governance Information
  Semiconductor Industry Growth supports to Solutions for Social Issues
  Today, whilst population growth and urbanization are ad- vancing, we face energy, water, and food shortages, as well as environmental problems. In addition, while society is becoming “smarter” and more globalized, security con- cerns are coming to the forefront. The digital revolution promises to solve these various issues with technology.
Big data is the cornerstone of the digital revolution. Ev- erything around us is being digitized, and the data network that connects more and more human activities, ranging from daily life to industry, is becoming wider and deeper every day. As a result, the amount of data generated daily in the world continues to grow exponentially. This “data explosion” is launching the semiconductor market into a new growth phase.
Digital processing of data such as sensor inputs, calcu- lations and communications, and storage are all performed by semiconductors. Therefore, as a necessary precondi- tion for the progress of the digital revolution, the use of semiconductors and sensors will increase across all appli- cations in the future, and the performance of core semi- conductors such as SoC (System on Chip) devices, which communicate and process data, and memory devices, which store data, is expected to continue to improve.
Against this background, the total value of the semicon- ductor market, which has been in the USD 400 billion range (about JPY 40 trillion at an exchange rate of 1 USD
World Semiconductor Market (1994 - 2019)
(Billion US dollar)
500
400
300
200
100 101.88 0
= JPY 100) for the past three years, will reach the USD 500 billion level in a few years, and is predicted to contin- ue to grow.
         Semiconductors, the Agents of Electronics Evolution
A “semiconductor” is technically a substance with an elec- trical conductivity value that is intermediate between a “conductor” with good electrical conductivity, such as ger- manium or silicon, and an “insulator” with high resistivity. In 1947, at Bell Labs in the United States, transistors, which could not only switch electrical currents but also amplify them, were invented using semiconductors. This marked the beginning of the semiconductor industry.
The invention of integrated circuits in 1959 set the in- dustry on a course of growth. IC technology achieves min- iaturization and high performance of circuits by integrating semiconductor elements, such as transistors, onto a sin- gle semiconductor substrate. Since the invention of ICs, integration and mass production metrics have consistently
advanced thanks to the evolution of the optical technology called photolithography, enabling IC applications and pro- duction volumes to expand while design and manufactur- ing technology have improved. At the same time, the term “semiconductor”, which was originally used to refer to ma- terials, has become common parlance for electronic cir- cuits using semiconductors, such as ICs.
Now, more than half a century after the invention of ICs, vast numbers of diverse semiconductors are used in a wide range of applications such as computers, smart- phones, domestic appliances, automobiles and industrial equipment, and communication infrastructure. They have become indispensable to our lives.
412.31
                        1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (Source: WSTS)
Integrated Annual Report 2020 16

            Our Market and Strategy
Introduction Our Strategy Our Performance Sustainability Governance Information
The Tester Market is Correlated to the Direction of Semiconductor Market Evolution
expansion of semiconductor applications, and the increase in “quality buy” demand due to increasing demand for rein- forced semiconductor reliability, are also expected to drive future market expansion.
The Quest to Provide Greater Customer Value
The only way to determine whether a semiconductor with a resistance value intermediate between “conductor” and “in- sulator” is good or bad is by conducting an electrical test. Basically, all semiconductors must be electrically tested us- ing a semiconductor tester. And in order to measure the performance of semiconductors more precisely, it is indis- pensable to provide testers with measurement technology sufficiently accurate to anticipate the future evolution of semiconductor performance. Advantest currently holds a high market share in the test processes for mass production of high-speed devices such as DRAM, computing devices, and communication processors, where the technical capa- bilities of test vendors are held to the most stringent criteria.
This is due to our customer base, the broadest in the in- dustry. For each type of semiconductor, we regularly hold technical discussions with leading customers in the field, collect knowledge about test trends several years in ad- vance, and use this knowledge in our product development. Constant refinement of our solutions through the cycle of applying our technology to customer needs has brought us where we are today.
We also believe that the value we provide to our custom- ers in the semiconductor tester business is not limited to sales of superior semiconductor test equipment. As semi- conductor designs and structures become more complex
Putting these factors together, we expect the semicon- ductor tester market to grow in the medium to long term, despite fluctuations in the short term.
year by year with the introduction of new technologies, find- ing the right test method for the newest semiconductors is always a process of exploring new frontiers. We consult with our customers on the optimum test method and environ- ment, including not only the test itself but also peripheral de- vices, to find out what methods should be used to accurately diagnose the performance of newly developed semiconductors, with the ultimate goal of achieving the test quality and test cost level required by our customers. Suc- cess at this mission embodies our management philosophy of “enabling leading-edge technology.”
Appropriate consulting with customers requires a busi- ness structure that can grasp and meet not only customers’ actual needs, but also their potential needs. Building close partnerships is crucial. Thus, we not only have the widest customer base in the industry, but we are also making ef- forts to raise the level of support for each customer through active investment in human resources every year. We have already obtained a higher customer satisfaction rating* than almost any other provider of semiconductor manufacturing equipment, but even so, we are forging deeper partnerships with customers and developing of leading-edge technolo- gies. This strengthens our ability to seize future growth op- portunities and live out our management philosophy, as one of our vital growth strategy for the future. See page 78
In this environment, business opportunities for our core semiconductor tester business will mainly be linked to the following four trends in the semiconductor market.
promoted. These advances have further stimulated demand for semiconductors, and as a result, semiconductor produc- tion and performance have continued to grow and improve.
In the semiconductor tester market, similarly to the semi- conductor market, the driving forces behind market growth to date have been “technology buys”, impelled by lengthen- ing test times due to the improvement of semiconductor performance and the growing complexity of devices, and “capacity buys” necessitated by the growth of semiconduc- tor production volumes.
Amidst the promotion of the digital revolution, the im- provement of data centers and AI capabilities via further miniaturization of semiconductors, the development of semi- conductors for 5G communication using millimeter waves, and the quest for lower power consumption with an aware- ness of reducing environmental burdens, etc., constantly promote semiconductor technological innovation. As a re- sult, not only higher-performance semiconductor devices, but also the unprecedented rise of test demand for complex system semiconductors that feature highly integrated het- erogeneous chips (i.e. both logic and memory) is expected in future. In response to these trends in the semiconductor market, Advantest expects that “technology buys” of semi- conductor testers will continue to be robust in the future. The increase in the pace of “capacity buys” due to the
 Semiconductor performance improvements and transition to next-generation standards (technology buys)
Expansion of semiconductor production (capacity buys)
Further reinforcement of semiconductor reliability to meet social infrastructure requirements (quality buys)
Expansion of the semiconductor demand base due to the digital revolution (new automotive and IoT applications)
More than 60 years have passed since the invention of transistors, yet semiconductor design and manufacturing technology innovation continues at a blistering pace. For ex- ample, in order to support the evolution of smartphones, in- novations that increase the number of integrated transistors at an annual growth rate of about 20% to 40% are steadily improving the performance of the semiconductor devices called application processors, which are key components of smartphones. Technological innovations that enable cheaper mass production of semiconductors are also being
Market Share
Advantest Others
CY17 Overall Share
CY18 Overall Share
54%
CY19 Overall Share
55%
(Source: Advantest)
Sales (Advantest)
(100 Million yen) 2,500
2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0 (Source: Advantest)
      36% Tester Market and Sales (2010 - 2019)
+18pts YoY
+1pt YoY
Tester Market Size
(Million US dallar) 4,000
3,000
2,000
1,000
0
As mentioned above, we expect the semiconductor tester market to grow over the medium to long term. However, since semiconductor testers are basically capital goods in- stalled on semiconductor mass production lines, annual de- mand fluctuations tend to be greater than for semiconductors, which are consumer goods. Specifically, the structure of the tester market is such that changes in business trends and technological investments by major semiconductor manufacturers who lead the industry in terms of technology and business scale have a strong influ- ence on market value and market share each year. Further- more, we deliver semiconductor testers within an average of
three months after receiving an order. This is a relatively short lead time for semiconductor-related equipment, putting Advantest in a position to be more agile than other equip- ment providers in response to changes in demand for end-products.
By implementing the growth strategy set forth in our “Grand Design” mid- to long-term management policy, we aim to expand our profits in the growing semiconductor tes- ter market while mitigating the effects of performance fluctu- ation factors caused by the market structure described above.
Reinforcement of Advantest’s Growth Foundation and Mitigation of Demand Fluctuation Risks
           2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
 17 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 18

 Our Strategy
 Growing Importance of Test in Cyclical Growth Market
 “Data Explosion” “Semiconductors as Infrastructure”
“Greater Semiconductor Functionality, Complexity”
 Expand Market Share, Solutions Portfolio
 “Focus on Growth Areas”
“Expand Solutions across Semiconductor Value Chain”
 Enhance Governance, Management efficiency
 “Enhance Governance”
“ROIC –Based Business Management”
“Human Resource Investment”
  Conservative Case
Base Scenario
Cloud, AI, Data Analytics
Design / Evaluation Production Processes Product / Production Processes (Wafer test/Final test) System Level Test Process
       Cloud, AI, Data Analytics
 Cost Structure in Conservative Case
 1 Be the No.1 provider of test & measurement solutions
2 BeaPartnerwithleading-edgecustomers
3 Develop leading-edge technologies
4 Attract and retain the best talent in the industry
5 Be a Learning organization
6 Improve financial KPI and increase corporate value
FY2017 (actual)
FY2027 (Forecast)
Billion yen
FY2027 (Forecast)
Billion yen
 Our Existing Business Areas
  Existing Business
 240.0
 New Business
 60.0
Sales
300.0
 Existing Business
 340.0
 New Business
 60.0
Sales
400.0
 Design / Evaluation Production Processes
    19 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Semiconductor Value Chain
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Grand Design
Overview
The Grand Design that Advantest announced in April 2018 lays out the next decade of Advantest’s growth strate- gies and commitments, based on megatrends in our market and our daily lives.
Strategies
Reinforce Core Businesses, Invest Strategically
· Strengthen engagement with leading-edge customers
· Create new value propositions for our test cells, such as factory
Seek Operational Excellence
· Optimize production system to respond to fluctuations in demand · Develop employee skills and promote of teamwork across de-
partments and regions
· Monitor business using ROIC (return on invested capital)
Top line
Operations
automation
Design / Evaluation Production Processes
With the speeding up of networks and the development of sensors and other devices, a “data explosion” is transposing more and more of daily reality into the realm of data. Semiconductors are performing key tasks in this realm, including data sensing, communication, calculation, and storage, which means that they require further sophistication and integration of functions, larger capacities, and higher quality and reliability. Against this background, semiconductor test processes are becoming more sophisticated and test times are lengthening.
Test demand will continue to grow, albeit cyclically, in terms of both quality and quantity. To grasp this opportunity and increase Advantest’s corporate value, we will seek to grow our share of the market for semiconductor mass production test, which is our core business, and also expand our business in adjacent markets such as design / evaluation and system level test processes. In addition, we will strive for greater management efficiency by strengthening our corporate gover- nance, implementing management based on ROIC (return on invested capital), investing in human resources, and carrying out workstyle reforms.
Explore Value to Reach a Higher Level
· Develop solutions throughout the semiconductor value chain · Utilize AI and data analysis, expand service business
· · ·
Pioneer New Business Fields
Business research team will explore next-generation technology and business
Promote M&A and business alliances to expand business do- mains and acquire technology
Develop new-concept products that transcend the semiconduc- tor arena
Introduction Our Performance Sustainability Governance Information
       Cloud, AI, Data Analytics Production Processes
(Wafer test/Final test)
Product /
System Level Test Process
                       Design / Evaluation Production Processes
Production Processes (Wafer test/Final test)
Product /
System Level Test Process
Design / Evaluation Production Processes
Cloud, AI, Data Analytics
Production Processes (Wafer test/Final test)
Product /
System Level Test Process
   Vision
Advantest will increase our share of the tester market, and implement measures to develop new businesses - including via M&A and alliances - in areas adjacent to our core business.
Sales Scenarios and Cost Structure
    Vision
Grand Design: Six Commitments
 Adding Customer Value in an Evolving Semiconductor Value Chain
Tester market growth rate = 0%
Tester market growth rate = 4%
• The same pace as the semiconductor market growth
Cloud, AI, Data Analytics
Production Processes (Wafer test/Final test)
Tester Market
Advantest Share
380.0 Tester Market
46% Advantest Share
580.0 Net sales
46% Gross profit margin SG&A ratio to sales
R&D as a % of total net sales Operating Income Margin
207.2B yen 49% 40% 16% 11%
300.0B yen 46% 32% 13% 22%
           Product /
System Level Test Process
          So far, Advantest’s business development has centered on semiconductor volume production test. The increasing sophisti- cation and complexity of semiconductors also creates new opportunities to apply our measurement technologies and know-how to the design / evaluation processes upstream of volume production, and the system level test processes downstream from it. We will also seek to develop businesses that create new customer value through analysis of the vast amounts of data that exist within the semiconductor value chain, including related markets.
“Tested by Advantest” Contributes to
Our Sustainable Future
The role of semiconductors installed in various products we use dai- ly, and the value of test as a guarantor of their quality and reliability, are becoming more and more important for the sustainable develop- ment of our planet. Through measurement technology, Advantest contributes to safety, security, and comfort worldwide, and to our shared, sustainable future.
Integrated Annual Report 2020 20

                                                                    Materiality
Sustainability through ESG promotion is one of the management guidelines set forth in The Advantest Way, our management philosophy. The ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) criteria defined by the Sustainable De- velopment Goals of the UN align with Advantest’s mission to deliver safety, security, and comfort through our core business of semiconductor test. Materiality is our compass for the promotion of ESG management based on these criteria, keeping our business sound and strong, and making a sustainable social and environmental contribution to the world where we operate.
Materiality Promotion Structure
In August 2020 we established the Sustainable Management Promotion Working Group. Whilst breaking down the policies and management plans decided on by the Executive Committe and other executive organs into key measures and strategies for each division and business unit, and supporting the incorporation of measures and objectives related to ESG and the SDGs, this Working Group is responsible for addressing the risks associated with these activities, disclosing related informa- tion, and implementing the PDCA cycle in cooperation with related committees.
ESG Management Positioning
Towards Our Centennial (Sustainability)
Introduction Our Strategy Our Performance Sustainability Governance Information
 Board of Directors
  Corporate value consists of two elements: tangible asset value, which can be expressed in terms of business per- formance as financial information, and intangible asset value, which cannot be expressed as financial informa- tion. The latter consists of corporate philosophy and code of conduct, medium-to-long-term strategies, in- vestments related to environment (E), society (S), and governance (G), various other activities, and internal sys- tems, which all serve to maximize the intangible asset value that can be expressed as non-financial information. We consider this to be the realm of ESG management. As shown in the figure below, we believe that ESG man- agement should not be “hidden” behind financial infor- mation. Rather, it is a source of value that appears in business performance over the medium to long term.
n Years in the Future Liabilities
Assets
Capital
Note: The above graphs were created by Advantest with reference to “Jishani atta ESG senryaku no susumekata kangaekata” by Takaharu Fukuoka (2019, Chuokeizai-sha, Inc.)
Our Approach to Materiality
From FY2019 through FY2020, we revised and renewed our approach to materiality. In addition to our existing CSR priority is- sues, we integrated management issues corresponding to the Six Commitments set forth in our Grand Design into 20 items. We also defined 23 Sustainability Objectives as practical guidance for each division and business unit to use in implementing these items.
Internal Control Committee
Disclosure Committee
Compliance Committee
Managing Executive Officers Committee
          Financial Information
Non-Financial Information
Assets
Liabilities Capital
    Corporate Value
Total Market Capitalization
Divisions / business units / overseas subsidiaries
Sustainable Management Promotion Working Group
    Intangible Assets (ESG)
Leader
 Corporate Mission / Mid- to Long-Term Management Policies
Managing Executive Officer of Corporate Planning & Stakeholder Relations Group
Members
Executive officers in charge of each business division and functional unit
(R&D, production, sales, quality assurance, administration, corporate planning)
Materiality
Based on the “Six Commitments” set forth in our “Grand Design” mid- to long-term management policy, we have set mate- riality as a priority strategy and theme. In addition, the relationship between materiality and the SDGs has been clarified in order to better define individual strategy executions based on materiality, and identify activities that lead to the resolution and/or mitigation of issues.
1 Enhance engagement with leading-edge customers
2 Deploy capabilities to customer workflow solutions
10 Reinforce local SAE, R&D, and marketing personnel
11 Maximize the abilities of employees
12 Provide and promote employee learning and skill development opportunities
13 Encourage and promote teamwork across departments and regions
     Past Financial Status
    Financial Information
Non-Financial Information
Assets
Liabilities Capital
   Corporate Value
Total Market Capitalization
Category
Commitment
Priority Strategies & Themes
Social Contribution (SDGs)
          Intangible Assets (ESG)
Intangible Assets (ESG)
Customer Value Creation
    Product Competitiveness
Be a partner with leading-edge customers
   Develop leading-edge technologies
Be the No. 1 provider of test and measurement solutions
3 Focused investment in core businesses
4 Continue proactive R&D investment
5 ARTeam to explore next-generation technology and businesses
6 Promote M&A and Make/Buy/Partner operations to expand business
domains and acquire technology
7 Pursue subscription business models
8 Quality management (quality optimization and improvement)
9 Optimize production system to respond better to demand fluctuations
       Human Resources
Attract and retain the best talent in the industry
    Be a learning organization
       Grand Design
Materiality
Sustainability Objectives
Objectives & Strategies for Each Division
Management Foundations
Improve financial KPIs and increase corporate value
14 Achieve mid- to long-term management plan targets
15 Maintain a sound financial base
16 Establish a business monitoring process using ROIC
17 Strengthen governance and compliance
18 Contribute to our sustainable future
19 Environmental management
20 Protection and respect for Human Rights
    21 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 22
Materiality

                                                                    Materiality
Introduction
Our Strategy
Our Performance
Sustainability Governance Information
Sustainability Objectives
We have set sustainability objectives to make it easier for individual headquarters and business divisions to prioritize their activities. The Sustainable Management Promotion Working Group supports their decision-making and helps them set KPIs based on these sustainability objectives.
Director / Senior Executive Officer
Director / Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Category Priority Strategies & Themes Sustainability Objectives Offificer KPI 2019 Results 2020 Objectives Additions / Changes Social Contribution (SDGs) Responsible
         Customer Value Creation
Enhance engagement with leading-edge customers
Deploy capabilities to customer workflflow solutions
Focused investment in core businesses Continue proactive R&D investment ARTeam to explore next-generation tech- nology and businesses
Promote M&A and Make/Buy/Partner operations to expand business domains and acquire technology
Pursue subscription business models Quality management (quality optimization and improvement)
Optimize production system to respond better to demand flfluctuations
Customer health & safety
Customer privacy
Product Environmental Contributions
Sasaki Fujita
Tsukui
Tsukakoshi Sasaki Tsukui
Fujita
Mihashi Fujita
Number of violations of voluntary safety standards
Number of information security-related complaints
GHG emission reduction (Scope 3) through product use
Percentage of products that meet voluntary standards for green products
Ratio of suppliers surveyed for use of hazardous substances
Reduction of waste through quality improvement
Number of compliance violations related to products & services
Percentage of employees participating in intellectual property e-Learning
sessions
Percentage of employees returning to work after maternity / paternity leave
Number of workplace accidents (frequency rate) Average annual training time per employee Ratio of female managers
Sales, operating income, ROE, EPS
Number of confifirmed fraudulent activities Related legal actions Number of cases Environmental compliance Number of violations With regard to society Compliance Violations
New supplier evaluations
0
0
—
100%
100%
Reduced by more than 3/4ths compared to
FY2018 0
100% 100%
0.2
11.5 hours
—
0
  0
—
   —
       (TBD)
New addition
        Product & service environmental friendliness
100%
Expanded to whole world
     Product Compet- itiveness
Hazardous substance elimination
Product quality
100%
Expanded to whole world
       -50% compared to FY2008
New addition
     Compliance (products & services)
     Intellectual property protection
0
—
   100%
—
           Human Resources
Work-life balance
Health & safety
Reinforce local SAE, R&D, and marketing personnel
Increase and leverage diversity
Family-friendly employment
Occupational safety and health
100%
0
—
  —
        Training & education opportunities
15 hours
Numerical target set
      Diversity and equality of opportunity
8%
New addition
           Achieve mid-term management plan targets
Maintain a sound fifinancial base
Financial performance
¥275.9B 24.9%
¥270 1
0 0 3
100%
Sales:
Operating profifit margin: 21.3%
ROE: EPS:
Three years average (2018~2020), Base Scenario
Sales: ¥250.0B Operating profifit margin: 17% ROE: 18%
EPS: ¥170
—
        Anti-corruption
0
—
      Reinforce governance & compliance
Compliance with antitrust laws
0
—
     Environmental compliance
0
—
     Compliance (Society)
0
—
           Mana- gement Foundations
   Protection and respect for human rights Contribution to our sustainable future
Supply chain management (Impact on environment, human rights, labor practices and society)
Tsukakoshi
In order to eliminate conflflict minerals, we ask our business partners to ensure the transparency of their suppliers of materials, parts, etc., and we work with our business partners to investigate conflict mineral information (smelter information), in collaboration with industry groups. We are continuing our efforts to use less risky materials.
· Survey of targeted suppliers: implemen- tation and response collection
· Continued participation in JEITA’s respon- sible mineral procurement study group
4 28%
33,385t-CO2 (-10.7%)
87%
100%
Review evaluation items related to environment/human rights/labor practices/social impacts and apply them in new supplier evalua- tions. When choosing new suppliers, ensure understanding and
confifirmation of our procurement policy.
Action plan formulated
        Conflflict minerals elimination
  Climate change mitigation
Fujita
Mihashi
Number of cases resolved via our helpline Sustainably sourced energy ratio
GHG emissions (Scope 1+2) Waste recycling rate
· Survey of targeted suppliers: implementation and response collection
· Continued participation in JEITA’s responsible mineral procurement study group
Action plan formulated
   Nondiscrimination
All cases resolved
     2050:100% (Scope 2)
—
         Environmental management Contribution to our sustainable future
Atmospheric emissions reduction
2030:30% reduction
(in comparison with FY2018)
New addition
—
      Reduction of water use and reduction of waste
Recycling rate >90%
—
        23 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 24

            Risk Management
Advantest promotes strategic and continuous risk management vis-à-vis the diversifying global risks that touch our business. We have also reviewed and reorganized our risk management system to clarify the relationship between important management issues (materialities) and risks, and to clarify responsibilities related to risk management.
Our Basic Risk Management Philosophy
Regarding the 20 important management topics and priority issues defined as materialities (see p. 22), we have formulated measures to address them at the level of individual divisions, business units, and overseas regional headquarters. We consid- er that factors hindering the implementation of these measures are risks. To avoid or mitigate those risks, we have adopted a risk management structure to manage the establishment of systems and the implementation of appropriate measures.
Representative Director
Director / Senior Executive Officer Director / Managing Executive Officer
The Board of Directors, the Executive Committee and the Internal Control Committee conduct risk analysis to continuously identify scenarios for various changes and their impacts, and strive to achieve our targets.
We aim to win a wide range of customers by developing new markets and new customers, including by entering new business fields.
We will reduce the risk of price pressure by providing original technology and high value-added solutions, and will seek to improve profit margins by reducing production costs.
We are working to reduce the impact of exchange rate fluctuations by adjusting the balance of currencies we hold, using foreign exchange con- tracts, and managing our balance sheet to offset foreign currency-de- nominated assets and liabilities.
We will improve the recoverability of costs by formulating product roadmaps that meet customer needs through technology exchange meetings, improving development efficien- cy through the promotion of product platformization, and pre-evaluating investment ef- fects by utilizing the ROIC metric.
By developing products that support a variety of applications, we will strengthen our partnerships with customers and secure sales opportuni- ties. At the same time, we will launch new businesses and expand our business domains through M&A.
In addition to making investment decisions with due attention to capital costs and investment recoverability, we also aim to realize synergies as soon as possible after M&A by executing a PMI (Post Merger Integration) plan.
We have formulated a BCP plan, and are working to prevent any disrup- tion to business operations by diversifying our production bases and ex- ternal suppliers, and by using cloud data storage.
In addition to fully considering recoverability based on the cost of capital when making investment decisions, we will monitor business growth rates after investment and make effective use of assets.
In order to provide highly reliable products, we strive to implement design reviews at the design stage and cross-checks by the quality control divi- sion. In addition, the Compliance Committee implements initiatives to ed- ucate employees on legal compliance.
We monitor trends in environmental regulations related to chemical sub- stances, and are studying alternative technologies that do not use such substances.
We have established a solid financial position that can withstand sudden demand fluctuations, and we also maintain friendly relationships with mul- tiple financial institutions so that we can immediately borrow money and set up commitment lines if needed.
We seek to confirm that no intellectual property rights of other companies are infringed during product development and before product shipment.
We take appropriate legal measures to protect our rights and will continue to monitor and exercise our intellectual property rights.
We are working to stabilize our human resources by formulating a mid- to long-term hiring plan, implementing global personnel rotation, improving our working environment, and making efforts to improve employee en- gagement.
We are confirming the continuity of our IT systems, and considering their replacement with new technology, and are also promoting organizational innovation by globally deploying the concept of “Digital Workplace.”
In addition to strengthening detection of cyber-attacks through constant system monitor- ing, we have renewed processes to build an immediate incident response structure, and also implement regular information security education for employees.
The quality control division implements checks to ensure reliability.
Managing Executive Officer
Mihashi
14 16 17
Sakamoto
567
Sakamoto
347 9
Fujita
14 15
Tsukui
4 5 16
Sakamoto
125 6
Fujita
15 16
Fujita
9 15
Fujita
15 16
Sasaki
12 17
Yamashita
10
Introduction
Our Strategy
Our Performance Sustainability Governance Information
           11
 Risk Management Structure
The Sustainable Management Promotion Working Group, a company-wide committee, incorporates the policies and management plans determined and approved by the Exec- utive Committee (and the Board of Directors) into priority measures for each division and business unit, and, in coop- eration with six of our overseas locations, also identifies risks, formulates countermeasures, and reports to the In- ternal Control Committee. In principle, the Internal Control Committee meets twice a year to analyze the status of identified risks and factors contributing to any incidents that have occurred, and to take future countermeasures includ- ing prevention of recurrence.
Key Risks and Counter-measures
Policy / Management Plans
Risk status reports
Supports policy planning and risk identification for each business group and division
 12
              In fiscal 2019, over 400 risks were identified by divisions, business units, and overseas locations. The 25 major ones are list- ed below.
817
Fujita
15
Fujita
17
Fujita
17
Fujita
10 11 12
Fujita
15
Fujita
12 17 20
Sasaki
 1
2
3
4
Significant demand fluctuations in the semiconductor industry
Board of Directors
Managing Executive Officers Committee
13
Exchange rate fluctuations may im- pact profitability
 Recoverability of new product de- velopment costs
 Consolidation of product markets may limit sales opportunities
  14
 Key Risks
Sustainable Management Promotion Working Group
Priority Measures
Internal Control Committee
15
Large impairment losses on good- will and intangible assets
 Major damage to our own and sup- pliers’ facilities may impact our business
 Business group headquarters/Business division/Overseas subsidiaries
 16
Recoverability of capital investment
  Person in Charge
17
18
19
18 19
    Materiality Addressed
  We will strive to expand our business into markets adjacent to semiconduc- tor mass manufacturing, outsource production, and reinforce our recurring business and new businesses.
We will punctually collect risk information from our overseas locations, strengthen our relationships with customers and suppliers, and make our procurement routes and production bases more flexible.
Under the direct control of the president, the Risk Management Group will: (1) ensure the safety and health of employees, (2) provide online support for customers, (3) track production, sales, inventory, and distribution status at the global level, (4) support BCP in the event of an employee becoming in- fected, (5) share resources among group companies, and (6) manage funds.
By strengthening relationships with leading customers, we will accurately anticipate new technological innovations and the creation of new products and new markets, thus identifying business opportunities in advance.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee will carry out: (1) identifica- tion of job requirements, (2) selection of candidates, (3) training of candi- dates, (4) evaluation of candidates, and (5) final decisions on candidates.
We are standardizing parts and designs to build a system that does not rely excessively on any one particular supplier.
We will strive to maintain product competitiveness by providing unique func- tionality and high-value-added solutions.
Mihashi
679
Tsukakoshi
1613
Fujita
18 20
Tsukui
145
Yoshida
17
Tsukakoshi
89
Tsukui
1 3 4 10
8
8
20
Key Risks
Damage to Advantest’s credibility or brand power may impact financial condition and/or business perfor- mance
Priority Measures
 Potential failure to execute our strategy and achieve our mid- to long-term management goals
Materiality Addressed
 9
Heavy dependence on sales to top customers
 Price pressure on Advantest prod- ucts
 Stricter chemical substance regula- tions may incur countermeasure costs
 Potential inability to raise funds when needed
  Infringements on the intellectual property rights of a third party may incur substantial costs
    Impact of global economic and political trends on global business development
    21
   Expansion of the COVID-19 pandemic
  22
  Market share losses due to failure to deliver new products in a timely man- ner
   23
Infringement of Advantest’s intellec- tual property rights by a third party may affect market share and perfor- mance
 Potential lack of highly specialized human resources
 Digital transformation of IT core systems and processes may nega- tively impact business performance
   5
    6
   7
Absence of a succession plan for the CEO and other top executives may threaten management stability and sustainability.
 Loss of opportunities due to depen- dence on a small number of suppliers
24
 Intense competition may impact mar- ket share
25
Damage to IT systems may affect business and social credibility and incur costs
 Potential damage to credibility and brand power due to product defects
      See page.22
for description of each Materiality Number
See page.22
for description of each Materiality Number
Person in Charge
 25 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 26

            Financial Strategy & Capital Policy
Introduction Our Strategy Our Performance Sustainability
Governance
Information
Enhance corporate value
The Advantest Way
        Growth
Profitability
Research and development investment
Capex
M&A
ESG
Revenue per employee Target 50 million yen
Dividends Purchase of treasury stock
Shareholder returns
Maximization of
cash flow
Cash
Conversion
Cycle Efficiency
Target 100 days
      Seeking Greater Financial
Efficiency Even Amidst
Significant Uncertainty, Never
Slackening our Drive for Growth
Director & Managing Executive Officer (CFO)
Atsushi Fujita
ROIC
Target Positive spread
  Approach to Basic Financial Policy
Our financial model is, first and foremost, to build a stable financial foundation, and from there, to utilize the concept of return on invested capital (ROIC) to maximize cash earnings for growth investments and shareholder returns. In addition, our accounting system supports this model by utilizing a pooling system that collects funds at headquar- ters, using a system that assigns a system code to each Group company around the world, and expanding the ac- counting organization globally by function. This enables speedy utilization of funds, information collection, and ef- fective decision making. Apart from these accounting as- pects, the value created by strategies for securing and reinforcing management assets and intangible assets, such as investment in human capital and the creation of internal and external organizations, is increasing in impor- tance. Leveraging not only the capabilities of the
accounting department, but also the broad experience of staff in Human Resources, General Affairs, and other de- partments, we place emphasis on these non-financial ele- ments of corporate value, and consider diverse ways of thought, reflecting the importance we place on our intan- gible assets such as people and intellectual property, while perpetually seeking the best approach to improve the cor- porate value of Advantest, and implementing strategies that meet the needs of the moment, including ESG man- agement.
COVID-19 Financial Response
At the beginning of 2020, we were in a position to esti- mate that we might exceed fiscal 2018’s record high sales in fiscal 2020, but the worldwide spread of the COVID-19 pandemic changed the economic situation so drastically that by spring it had become difficult to issue even a
six-month forecast. Every day we seem to hear that an- other company is seeking to raise money, and Advantest has also conducted various risk simulations in light of our past experience, including an examination of financing under the worst-case scenario and our commitment lines, but so far we have not needed to take any urgent financ- ing measures, nor have we had to review our policy on growth investments targeting future business expansion such as R&D investment, capital investment, and addition- al hiring. Of course, it is necessary to take measures in re- sponse to the short-term economic downturn we are now experiencing, but in terms of our financial status, our ability to continue growth investments from a long-term perspec- tive, in accordance with the outlook set forth in our “Grand Design” that the semiconductor industry will grow despite short-term fluctuations, has been strongly supported by the sound financial structure that enabled us to obtain an “A” credit rating. This financial model was based on the fi- nancial model shaped, above all, by our experience of past silicon cycles, when we made a point of continuing business as usual even during downturns. In this era, when in addition to COVID-19 and US-China conflict, nat- ural disasters once considered to be rare occur with de- pressing frequency, I believe sustainable management
requires a higher than normal level of working capital. Growth investment is still needed to achieve the goals of our Grand Design, especially in terms of securing human resources by increasing our headcount, so we must pay attention to changes in our sales-per-employee ratio while preserving a balance between the increase in fixed costs and our profit margin. In the future, I will strive to further improve the functionality of our financial model.
Current Financial Quantitative Challenges
As a milestone towards our mid- to long-term goals, we have set a profit and loss model with sales at the ¥300 bil- lion level. In fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019, our gross profit margins were 54.5% and 56.7%, respectively, exceeding the model’s target of 54%, but SG&A expenses (including other income/expenses) were 31.6% and 35.4% of sales, respectively, with an especially significant increase seen in fiscal 2019. We recorded temporary depreciation expens- es as part of our M&A accounting, and other factors in- cluded expenses related to M&A and securing human resources and aggressive capital investment for growth. However, due to the characteristics of our business, in- vestments in human capital including the hiring of
Financial soundness for business continuity
 27 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 28

            Financial Strategy & Capital Policy
Introduction Our Strategy Our Performance Sustainability Governance Information
engineers who support our relationships with customers, and investments in R&D aiming to enhance our broad product lineup, are the source of our competitiveness, and are essential to achieve the ¥400 billion sales target of our Grand Design. It is also necessary to proactively invest in IT with an eye to the digital transformation, which is ex- pected to hit a tipping point in 2025. We will build a mus- cular cost structure in line with our target model by evaluating cost-effectiveness to ensure that our invest- ments stay on target, the returns on our growth invest- ments are in line with our original expectations. We are not just continuing to spend money in traditional ways without considering returns, as well as structuring our budgets on a complete zero basis, without reference to past perfor- mance.
Effects of ROIC Introduction & Further Embedding the ROIC Metric in Operations
At the same time as we announced our mid-term man- agement plan in April 2018, we introduced a ROIC evalua- tion system for our business. This requires positive equity spreads not only at the corporate level, but also at the lev- el of individual business divisions, and forces us to pay more attention to the profits and losses of individual busi- nesses than before. I feel that we have taken a step for- ward within the company from the perspective of effective
utilization of assets. For example, awareness of potential excess inventory has taken root very strongly in each divi- sion, and employees have come up with new methods of visualization and discussion to improve cost-effective- ness. In this industry, where boom follows bust in quick succession, it is not easy to determine the most appropri- ate level of inventory assets, but we are working to mini- mize inventory risk by, among other things, using computer simulations. From the time of planning for fiscal 2020, we set a KPI for profit efficiency based on the per- sonnel and profits and losses of each business division, and are seeking to further improve efficiency by incorpo- rating a resource-based management perspective that encourages people to consider the appropriateness and utilization of human assets. In the future, I would also like to improve on our past tendency to conduct such evalua- tions of businesses on the basis of single-year figures. We will also incorporate items such as profit carryover and loss, as well as placing a little more emphasis on our bal- ance sheet perspective, which includes an awareness of asset efficiency, while planning to embed measures that allow actions to be taken on businesses that do not have positive equity spreads and on products that are factors in this by making evaluations for a given period a little more visible. In addition, by evaluating the cash conver- sion cycle (CCC) for each business division, rather than simply focusing on asset reduction/efficiency, I hope to
help achieve our company-wide CCC target values, and as a result of this, improve the effectiveness of our finan- cial model, which will in turn improve the company’s cash flow and lead to further growth and higher shareholder re- turns. From the perspective of CCC, the future growth of the company and achievement of our Grand Design goals is strongly influenced by how well we can reallocate cash with a low return rate to businesses with higher returns and growth, while keeping safety in mind, by reducing re- quired levels of working capital. As a result of these poli- cies, in July we decided to sell our probe card business, which had been operating mainly in the United States. Hitherto, Advantest has repeatedly acquired businesses and companies through M&A, but we have rarely taken on the role of seller. In addition to evaluating our numbers using ROIC, we will review our business portfolio to en- sure that each component supports our overall business from a medium- to long-term perspective, and further im- prove business efficiency to improve corporate value.
My Approach to Shareholder Value Improvement & Returns
In the past two years, fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019, Advant- est has achieved high returns on equity (ROE) of 35.3% and 24.9%, respectively, significantly exceeding the 18% target of our mid-term management plan. While this is
partly supported by expectations for the semiconductor sector overall, our total shareholder return (TSR) is far above the TOPIX average. Guided by our belief that our industry environment is still in the midst of a growth phase, we will consider shareholder returns in balance with our investment goals, based on the fact that a ROE continu- ously exceeding cost of capital in the medium to long term leads to improvement in shareholder value. Regarding div- idends, we will maintain a payout ratio of 30%, linked to half-year consolidated business results, similarly to em- ployee bonuses. Regarding share repurchase, in July we voluntarily repurchased our own stock for the first time in 13 years, taking into consideration the possibility that we will exceed the targets of our mid-term management plan. This was not done in the expectation of a short-term bounce in our stock price. It was based on our view that future profit might weigh down our ROE as a result of ex- cess capital accumulation. We will continue to improve shareholder value from a medium- to long-term perspec- tive.
P/L model on a level of 300 billion yen in sales for achieving mid/long-term targets
Total shareholder return (TSR)
ADVANTEST TOPIX (Including dividends) (%)
        Net Sales
300 billion yen (100%)
Cost of sales
138 billion yen (46% of sales)
350
300
250
200
150
100
50
ADVANTEST
TOPIX (Including
dividends)
171.9%
90.5%
218.6% 302.2%
99.6% 101.8%
302.2
101.8
 Last 1 year
Last 3 years
Last 5 years
   The above is the cumulative TSR from the end of March 2015 to the end of March 2020. Calculated based on (Increase in stock price + cumulative gross dividend) /the Company’s stock price
       Gross profit
162 billion yen (54% of sales)
SG&A
96 billion yen (32% of sales)
89.2 69.8
139.9 102.3
151.8
180.5 118.5 112.5
   Operating income
66 billion yen (22% of sales)
0
 FY2015 FY2016
FY2017 FY2018
FY2019
 29 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 30

   Mid-Term Management Plan and Results
To achieve the goals of the “Grand Design” mid- to long-term management policy we announced in April 2018, we started by establishing a mid-term management plan that set issues and targets for the first three years of the Grand Design (FY2018-2020). How did we do in the first two years of the mid-term management plan?
Introduction
Our Strategy
Our Performance
Sustainability
Governance
Information
    KPI of the Mid-Term Management Plan (three years average)
Mid- to Long-Term Measures and Results
Expanding business to adjacent markets
SLT business and Data analytics via M&A and partnership
Strategic changes in internal organization
Global integration of tester R&D Launch of ARTeam
Production reforms
Promotion of Design for Supply Chain
ROIC-based business evaluation and portfolio review
Probe card business sale
Human resource development and resource enhancement
Strategic reinforcement of SE / AE. 200 engineers hired per year
Updating of corporate philosophy and code of conduct
The Advantest Way
Shareholder returns
Maintain a half-yearly 30% payout ratio Repurchase of treasury stock
*ARTeam: Applied Research & venture Team
  Conservative Scenario
B
ase Scenario
Sales
Operating Profit Margin
ROE
EPS
Advantest’s Strengths
230.0B yen 250.0B yen
15% 17%
15% 18%
¥135 ¥170
Industry’s No. 1 product portfolio
Industry’s No. 1 customer base
Comprehensive solution capabilities including test peripherals, and global support capabilities
      Mid-Term Management Plan 2018-19 Results
  Sales
Operating Profit Margin
ROE
EPS
279.2B yen
22%
30%
¥286
+11.7% +5points +12points +¥116
2018 - 19 average
vs. Objectives (Base Scenario)
         Mid-Term Management Plan (Progress) 2018 - 19 (2-Year Average)
 Vision
Four strategies
Adding Customer Value in an Evolving Semiconductor Value Chain
       Six Commitments
1 Be the No. 1 provider of test and measurement solutions
2 Be a partner with leading-edge customers
3 Develop leading-edge technology
4 Attract and retain the best talent in the industry
5 Be a learning organization
6 Improve financial KPI and increase corporate value
  1 Reinforce core businesses, invest strategically
2 Seek operational excellence
3 Explore value to reach a higher level
4 Pioneer new business fields
Sales (base scenario)
Unit: Billion yen
580
Tester market:
  Advantest’s market share: 46%
Sales (existing businesses): 340
Sales (new businesses): 60
      Sales (total):
400
  31 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Industry’s No. 1 product portfolio Industry’s No. 1 customer base
Comprehensive solution capabilities including test peripherals, and global support capabilities
                                                                                                                         Our Scenarios (Premises of the Mid-Term Management Plan)
Advantest believes that the demand for semiconductor manufacturing equipment inevitably fluctuates each year. Therefore, our targets are three-year averages. First of all, regarding our tester market growth rate assumptions, we prepared two scenarios: a “conservative scenario” with annual growth of 0% and a “base scenario” with annual growth of 4%. The latter scenario is used in our Grand De- sign. According to our research, the market contracted in CY2018 to about ¥400 billion, and in CY2019 it shrunk to about ¥370 billion due to memory inventory adjustments. In addition, the market in CY2020 is expected to be flat year-on-year at approximately ¥370-380 billion, due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and trade friction be- tween the United States and China. Despite our market environment has fluctuated up and down, Advantest’s re- sults for the past two years have exceeded the “base sce- nario” by a significant margin.
Two Years in which Advantest’s Strengths Were Exercised to the Fullest
In FY2018, strong demand for testers continued for the full year in response to rising demand from the AI, data center, and smartphone sectors for higher semiconductor perfor- mance and enhanced reliability assurance. In FY2019, there was a phase of inventory adjustment centered on memory devices, but SoC-related demand more than compensated, enabling Advantest to set a new record for annual orders for the second consecutive year. We recog- nize that the following three strengths we have cultivated over the years have supported our successes in this mar- ket environment:
These advantages enabled our two-year average results to significantly exceed the “base scenario” for all four KPIs set forth in our mid-term management plan. It is difficult to forecast the market environment in CY2020, the final year of the plan, but our full-year forecast as of July 2020 indicates that it is possible for us to achieve the targets of our mid-term manage- ment plan.
Mid- to Long-Term Measures
Despite large and continuing short-term demand fluc- tuations, we believe that demand for semiconductor test will continue to grow in the medium to long term, as in the scenario set forth in our Grand Design. In order to capture these future business opportunities and achieve the goals set in the Grand Design for 2027, we have developed various mid- to long-term measures over the last two years, including business expansion into adjacent markets via M&A and
business alliances, consolidation and shuttering of unprofitable businesses based on ROIC evaluation, global integration of R&D operations, launch of the “ARTeam” that conceptualizes new businesses based on the utilization of AI and data analytics, product de- velopment centered on DfSC (Design For Supply Chain), and construction of a production system that is resistant to fluctuations in demand and supports effective BCP. (See the figure P.31.)
We see our mid-term management plan as focused on achieving the long-term goals of our Grand De- sign, and as such it is shaped by the issues and pri- ority measures necessary to achieve those goals. In other words, it is the role of the mid-term manage- ment plan to lay the groundwork for winning business in future. We consider that the first two years of the plan have developed strong traction towards that ob- jective.
2027
(year to achieve goals of Grand Design)
Integrated Annual Report 2020 32

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Business Portfolio
Introduction
Our Strategy
Our Performance Sustainability Governance Information
        Semiconductor design / evaluation processes
Cloud, software, Mass production processes
Device Interfaces
Device interfaces are jigs that connect semiconductors to test systems electrically and mechanically. These extremely high precision products are consumables that must be changed every time a different type of device is tested.
data analytics Front-end, back-end
Field Service
Engineers all over the world support the installation, maintenance and repair of customer systems to improve utilization ratios and throughput.
System level test processes
                Nanotechnology Products
Electron beams are used to draw and measure semiconductor circuits. These tools contribute to the design evaluation of advanced semiconductors and are used in front-end processes that require extremely small-scale, precise work.
Fabless
Test Systems
Semiconductors are automatically elec- trically tested to evaluate quality, perfor- mance, and reliability. Test systems are used throughout the semiconductor pro- duction flow, from design and evaluation to mass production. They can be roughly divided into SoC test systems that cover a wide variety of SoC devices, and mem- ory test systems that specialize in mem- ory test.
Test Handlers
In back-end processes, test handlers transport semiconductors to test systems at high speed. Temperature is applied in line with the requirements of the test to be performed, and devices are automatically sorted into “good” and “defective” trays according to the test results.
OSAT (Outsourced Semiconductor Assembly and Test)
System Level Test Systems
Semiconductors are tested at the level of system operation. This business is expected to grow in response to increasingly complex semiconductor.
   Customers for Each Process
IDM (Integrated
Device Manufacturer)
  Target Devices of our Test Business
Foundries
FY2018~FY2019 results
Continuing strong de- mand due to widespread adoption of 5G and im- proved performance of smartphone processors
In addition to expanding applications for AI and deep learning, data center invest- ment will recover in FY2019
Automobile demand has a knock-on impact on the automotive semiconduc-
tor business
This business will grow due to innovations such as compound eyes for smart- phones
Although slim bezel continued to drive demand through FY2018, there was
a pause in FY2019
Inventory adjust- ments ended in the first half of 2019, and this market re- turned to positive from the
second half of 2019.
Business Segment Commentary and 2019 Overview
Semiconductor & Component Test Systems
 Mechatronics
Test peripherals and nanotechnology-based semiconduc- tor front-end process equipment.
FY2019 results
Sales of 36.3 billion yen previous year Accounted for 13.2% of total sales
• The slump in memory testers affected test peripherals, which are highly correlated with our tester business
• Nanotechnology product demand is currently sluggish due to lumpiness in customer investment schedules
7.5% decreasefrom the
    Tester
SoC Test Systems
Memory Test Systems
Main Target Devices
Mobile ICs
ICs for high performance computing
Power Semiconductor
CMOS Image Sensors
Display Driver ICs
Memory (DRAM、Non- volatile memory)
Device functions / applications
Control smartphones, re- ception and transmission of radio waves at com- munication base sta- tions, etc.
Carry out high-speed calculations on comput- ers and data servers
Rectification and amplifi- cation of current, switch- ing, etc. Installed in all electronic devices
Convert camera images to electronic data.
Control images on dis- plays
Store data and read it when in use. many elec- tronic devices
Test business growth factors
Spread of 5G, Improved performance of smart- phones, expansion of base stations, etc.
Popularization of AI and deep learning will increase data traffic
Power saving needs Automotive electrification
Increasingly installed in smartphones and automo- biles
Popularization of new tech- nologies such as touch displays and slim bezel
Increased data traffic
New data servers
High functionality of smart phone
Advantest’s core products: test systems
FY2019 results
Sales of 197.2 billion yen
• 5G and high-performance comput-
ing-related demand remains strong
• Memory decreased in the first half, but recovered from the second half
SoC business / memory business: Sales for the
6.9% decrease from the previous year Accounted for 71.5% of total sales
Total Sales:
   33
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2020 34
2017
2019
53.0
■ SoC ■ Memory
275.9
billion yen
Service, Support & Others
 past 3 years
148.6
63.1
2018
155.0
42.2
(fiscal year ending March 2020)
In addition to services and support for test systems, this segment includes new businesses that transcend the boundaries of conventional semiconductor test.
FY2019 results
Sales of 42.5 billion yen previous year Accounted for 15.3% of total sales
• The system level test business acquired from US company Astronics in February 2019 is performing well
• Advantest’s SSD test business and Essai, Inc., which was acquired in January 2020, also contributed to sales growth
  87.9
34.9% increase from the
 
            Consolidated Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
For each fiscal year beginning on April 1st
                Net income / Profit margin
(100 million yen /%)
Net income exceeded 50 billion yen for the second consecutive year
Total assets / shareholder equity / ROE
(100 million yen / 100 million yen /%)
Achieved a high ROE
despite a significant 2,105 increase in 936 shareholder equity
Energy usage / renewable energy ratio
GHG (Scope 1 + 2, and Scope 3) CO2 emissions
R&D expenses / capital expenditures
(Billion yen / billion yen)
Even if sales decline, Advantest aggressively invested in future growth
40.1
9.9
92
32
2016 2017 2018 2019 Dividends per share
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 Sales
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
2017
570
535
19.4
(TJ / %)
We actively work to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by efficiently using energy and introducing renewable energy sources.
(kt-CO2)
We are quantifying greenhouse gases indirectly emitted in our value chain and promoting greenhouse gas emission reduction activities for climate change mitigation and adaptation.
* The CO2 emission factors have been revised and recalculated in the past.
1,628
1,246 34 37 33
2017 2018 2019 GHG (Scope 1 + 2)
GHG (Scope 3)
23,579 25,483 6,221 3,980
22.9 11.8
8.9
24.5 13.9
4,638 4,565 4,721
4,936
1,121
2015
1,135
2016
1,138
Introduction Our Strategy Our Performance Sustainability Governance Information
  Financial Highlights
Sales
(Billion yen)
Achieved the target of our mid-term plan, even though sales did not reach the record high of the previous year
Operating income / Operating income ratio
Non-financial highlights
Number of employees* / Number of SE / AE employees
Number of managers / Ratio of female managers
  282.5 275.9 207.2
(Billion yen /%)
Maintained an operating margin of over 20%
64.7 58.7 21.3
(Number / %)
We continuously hire diverse human resources with the aim of increasing corporate value. We are working to secure and grow our workforce of highly skilled engineers who support the total solutions we provide to our customers.
* Including temporary employees
5,503
(Number / %)
Advantest values diverse perspectives and promotes a corporate culture that allows any individual to play an active role, regardless of race, gender, age, nationality, etc.
1,157 1,179
2018 2019
Of which, number of female managers
 162.1 155.9
7.8
12.6
Operating income
Operating income ratio
3,558
Number of Employees
Of which SE / AE Employees
844 888 25.6
2018 2019 renewable energy ratio
Number of managers
734
739
749
795
859
5.8
65
6.5
74
7.4
84
Ratio of female managers
7.5
87
7.7
91
     20.2
8.7 181
3,046 35.3 1,987
686
2015
736
2016 Energy use
770
        Basic earnings per share (EPS)
Free cash flow
(Billion yen)
Even though M&A investment increased by about 20 billion yen year-on-year, free cash flow was as good as the previous year
Dividends per share
(Yen)
Dividends shrank due to profit decrease, in accordance with our performance-linked dividend policy
(Yen)
Despite a year-on-year decline, EPS is trending solidly upward in the medium term
25.9
28.9 27.7
Installed Base of Major Semiconductor Test Product (Cumulative)
(Unit)
Our strength in the semiconductor tester market rests on our customer base, the best and broadest in the industry. The top 20 semiconductor manufacturers in the world by sales all use Advantest’s flagship products. Currently, our installed base numbers more than 28,000 test systems and handlers, and of these, 6,818 units have been installed in the five years since FY2015 alone, representing an unmatched rate of growth.
Promotion of Diverse Human Resources
27,724 28,321
9.1
142 67
2,316
1,095 14.0
2,315 1,246 24.9
34
2015
22,464
34
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 Total assets shareholder equity ROE
2017
2016
Net income
Profit margin
302.35
270.12
6.9
2,546
15.5
        4.1
13.6
12.3
11.8
10.7
          81.07 38.35
2,076
101.94
12.3
6,818
2018 2019 Since FY2015
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 Basic earnings per share (EPS)
5.3
2015
20
2015
2016 2017 2018
2019
82
2015
All Installed base (since FY1982)
Free cash flow
961
2016
2017
    31.3 31.2
4.0 4.8
37.9 33.5
    5.4
6.6
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 R&D expenses capital investment
25
The Advantest Group jointly seeks globalization and localization. By unifying our qualification system and personnel evaluation system globally, and by establishing a single global standard for bonuses as an incentive for profit sharing, as well as a compensation system linked to global performance, we encourage employees to consider the profitabili- ty of the entire company rather than just their own country or region. In terms of localization, 10 out of 24 executive officers (42%, as of end of June, 2020) of are foreign nationals who implement management practices based on local culture and customs at our key overseas locations.
 35 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 36

  Special
Feature on R&D Priority Strategies
Strategy 1
Redefining
Semiconductor Test
Technology for Measuring the Future
Our management philosophy of supporting lead- ing-edge technology is both a source of pride for the R&D division and a great responsibility. The value of Advantest’s semiconductor test springs from the fusion of our ultra-precise mea- surement technology, which we continue to re- fine to this day, with a future-oriented vision of technology that enables highly efficient semi- conductor test focused on customer value im- provement. We live in an era when semiconductors are indispensable to our safety, security and comfort throughout the world. Guaranteeing their reliability is Advantest’s mis- sion to “enable leading-edge technology.” In the dynamically changing semiconductor market, the key to realizing our mission, today, tomor- row, and in years to come, is to grasp business opportunities as quickly as possible by collabo- rating closely with leading customers, and incor- porate our future-oriented measurement technology into the development of the solu- tions that customers require.
  History of semiconductor test technology
Basic test technology such as
DC test with “rack & stack” combinations of measurement instruments
Widespread adoption of semiconductor test equipment, function test technology
Design for Testability, scan test technology, etc.
Greater sophistication and complexity of semiconductors and
electronic devices. System level test technology
(Source: SIA, WSTS)
 Next-generation scalable test system platform development (V93000 EXA Scale)
Development of testers for 5G millimeter wave and high-end SoC devices
Development of a high-end memory tester
Development of software architecture that enables big data analysis and high throughput
Development of a test cell platform for comprehen- sive quality improvements such as factory automa- tion
 New T2000 module for automotive SoC test with greatly improved parallel test performance
H5620 high-speed burn-in tester for memory test (announced)
V93000 Wave Scale RF8 market launch for Wi-Fi 6E and 5G-NR devices
TS9001 TDR system high-precision wiring failure analysis solution using terahertz technology (an- nounced)
 37 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Our Performance
            100
Test technology transitions brought about by past inflection points
The era of large computers
1970
Becoming a -Year Company
Introduction Our Strategy Sustainability Governance Information
  The era of personal computers
Data-driven era
Internet era
2000
Our Key R&D Themes for FY2019 - FY2020
The era of smartphones
     society is driving heightened expectations for semiconduc- tors at an accelerating pace, which means that customers must now achieve Time to Market, Time to Volume, and Time to Quality in shorter times than ever before. This has become a major issue for them, leading to requirements to test more items in the same amount of time, and an in- crease in test difficulty. In addition, there are now more test requirements that cannot be covered by conventional test methods. It is essential to strengthen test technology to ensure reliability by utilizing new methods such as system level test.
Test Solutions for Comprehensive End-to- End Coverage
To solve these issues and add customer value, Advantest is expanding our business domains from our current core business of semiconductor mass production test to de- sign/evaluation processes and new system level test
Capturing Change and Opportunities in Adjacent Markets
Our ARTeam (Applied Research & venture Team) was es- tablished as an organizational structure that transcends the R&D division to sensitively capture opportunities for business expansion into adjacent markets and coming in- flection points. In addition, the above-mentioned acquisi- tion of Astronics’ system level test business, the acquisition of Essai, and the partnership with PDF Solu- tions announced in July also target business expansion into adjacent markets. In the future, we will continue to ex- plore opportunities to further align Advantest’s business portfolio with evolving customer needs, including collabo- rations with partners, universities, and research institutes.
600 500 400 300 200 100
0
1955
1985
2015 2018
 Koichi Tsukui
Managing Executive Officer Leader, ATE Business Group
Semiconductor Complexity From the Perspective of Test
Accelerated by the evolution of semiconductor design and manufacturing technology, the digital transformation, in- cluding the rapid commercialization of 5G and AI, has giv- en rise to a major inflection point in the semiconductor industry. The ongoing miniaturization of semiconductor processes has driven gains in semiconductor cost-effec- tiveness, complexity, functionality, and performance. For example, devices with more than 10 billion transistors, 3D devices with more than 100 layers, and heterogeneous devices integrating more than 10 different types of func- tions are now being developed. Furthermore, the relation- ship between hardware and software has been strengthened, so that a device operates as if it were a sys- tem. Supply chains now also involve the collaboration of multiple teams responsible for design, wafer manufactur- ing, package assembly, IP, and more. The digitization of
processes. By providing comprehensive test solutions that offer end-to-end coverage, along with device handling, temperature control, and device contact, we can deliver flexible automated processes that address the entire work- flow. We also aim to provide more intelligent integrated solutions, including big data analysis, by utilizing data gen- erated from the semiconductor manufacturing process, which is said to exceed two terabytes a day at lead- ing-edge factories. Collaboration with leading customers is indispensable to quickly grasp inflection points such as we face now, and to develop optimal responses to them. Our customers’ challenges are our compass and guide to fu- ture changes in terms of their potential for technological disruption and their impact on the market supply chain. Thus, one of our key development strategies is to build collaborative relationships with leading customers and in- corporate their needs into detailed roadmaps and devel- opment plans, leading to the commercialization of successful products.
A Global R&D Division
Our core business is Semiconductor Test (ATE : Automat- ed Test Equipment), and we are proud that in 2019, we once again claimed the No. 1 market share of the ATE market. We are equally proud of the industry-leading prod- uct portfolio and customer base that supported this achievement. We are accelerating the integration of the V93000 development team with the T2000 and memory tester development teams to facilitate global development projects and personnel rotation. Our ST (System level Test) business division, established in FY2019 to develop and provide SSD test systems, also includes the system level test business we acquired from Astronics, and Essai, which we acquired in January 2020. Essai has strong ca- pabilities in final test and system level test sockets, and thermal control units for temperature control.
Solutions launched as new products:
    Integrated Annual Report 2020 38
Global semiconductor market ($ 1 billion)

  Special Feature on Strategy 2
DFX is the Key to Manufacturing for Achievement of Our Grand Design
Our Grand Design sets a sales estimate of ¥400 billion, approximately 1.5 times our record high set in fiscal 2018 (¥282.5 billion). Expanding pro- duction capacity to meet this demand does not necessarily mean only expanding our own facto- ries and production staff. Particularly in the semiconductor test market, where sudden de- mand fluctuations are normal, capital investment and hiring based on the production requirements expected at times of peak demand will directly lead to higher fixed costs and a higher break- even point. It is important to balance Advant- est’s unique manufacturing strengths with the use of highly efficient outsourcing. The key to achieving this balance is DFX (Design for X).
 Advantest’s Manufacturing Strengths
 39 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Our Performance
            Becoming a 100-Year Company
Introduction Our Strategy
Design for Supply Chain: A Recipe for Strength
The Gunma Factory’s great strength is our highly experi- enced production team, whose seamless teamwork has enabled us to handle fluctuations in demand by slowing or speeding up production. Despite being few in number, these elite production workers have been able to provide flexible production support, which is also the key to con- trolling manufacturing costs. However, if annual sales climb over ¥250 billion, greater volume production require- ments will make it necessary to construct a production system that is not exclusively in-house, but is combined with an outsourced model. Outsourcing can be roughly classified into two different models, a partial outsourcing model in which only bottleneck processes that constrain production are outsourced, and a full turnkey model in which everything from material procurement to production is outsourced to a single partner. In the face of volatile de- mand, bottleneck processes tend to be outsourced first, but the disadvantages of this model are that supply chains tend to be lumpy and complex, and it is difficult to scale up when increased demand requires increased produc- tion. In addition, if production growth trend forecasts are mistaken, the amount of lumpiness in the supply chains can increase, and management costs will rise. On the oth- er hand, for small-volume products with low repeatability and products that use specialized parts, when there is no need to chase economies of scale, there can be advan- tages to partial outsourcing that is highly specialized and can respond with great flexibility to changes.
However, the main objective of the full turnkey model is to seek economies of scale through volume production, so major EMS manufacturers will also be considered as
Sustainability Governance Information
outsourcing partners. We have already implemented this model for some of our products, but many more of the products now made at the Gunma Factory will be out- sourced to EMS subcontractors in the future.
In the full turnkey model, uniqueness and oddities in terms of design, parts, construction methods, quality stan- dards, etc. become supply chain risks, leading to reduced supply capacity and lost opportunities. The key to achiev- ing the goals of our Grand Design is a combination of in- house production, a partial outsourcing model, and a full turnkey model, maximizing the strengths of each. Various forms of “Design for X” are required for that purpose, but the “secret sauce” is Design for Supply Chain.
Response to New Risks
Every year for the past few years, a severe disaster has occurred somewhere in the world. Every time supplies of materials are cut off, and some customers are inconve- nienced. In addition, in 2020, new threats such as the global economic slowdown due to the spread of COVID-19, the transformation of the global supply chain caused by U.S.-China trade friction, and the two coun- tries’ competition for technical hegemony, have appeared as external factors we must take into account. Rather than just considering our own safety, we must overcome these new crises while helping and accommodating our custom- ers and business partners. Therefore, I believe that all stakeholders in the supply chain must cooperate in creat- ing a system of Design for Risks.
    Mid- to Long-Term Basic Policies of the Production Division
Historically, the semiconductor industry was shaped by the four-year cycle of demand fluctuations driven by Silicon Cycle, which led to booms and busts every two years, but in 2015 Silicon Cycle broke down, and demand began to grow steadily. In particular, the rapid increase in demand that we experienced in fiscal 2018--the so-called “supercycle”--gave us numerous pointers towards reshap- ing our production system to better utilize both in-house production and outsourcing.
To support the business scale (sales of ¥400 billion) en- visioned by our Grand Design, we are reorganizing our production structure through various measures such as a profit improvement strategy based on AVA2.0*1, global ex- pansion of our production base through the utilization of
Soichi Tsukakoshi
Senior Executive Officer
Executive Vice President, Production Group
EMS*2 partnerships, cost reduction throughout our supply chain, and a constant focus on high-quality manufactur- ing. I have proclaimed that in the future, the production di- vision will work with the R&D division to promote DFX, which enables production and procurement outside the Gunma Factory (our main domestic factory). In addition, I have set forth a mid- to long-term policy for the production division that incorporates priority issues including the above-mentioned measures.
1954
1970
1990
2010
Corporate Mission Enabling Leading-Edge Technologies
2030 2050
Grand Design Vision Statement Adding Customer Value
in an Evolving Semiconductor Value Chain
A new production system that is resistant to fluctuations in demand, with BCP strengths, via product development centered on DfSC
(Billion Yen) 300
150 * DfSC: Design for Supply Chain 0
*1: Advantest Value Added 2.0: a business management/evaluation tool based on ROIC (return on invested capital) *2: Electronics Manufacturing Services: companies that offer contract manufacturing services for electronic devices
Sales Since 1954
Production DNA
Integrated in-house production of high-performance, high-quality products
In-house + outsourced production system for sharp demand
fluctuations
EMS + in-house hybrid production
Creating Unprecedented Products
    Integrated Annual Report 2020 40

 Our Performance
 HR Strategy
     41 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
           Becoming a 100-Year Company
Introduction
Our Strategy
Sustainability
Governance Information
    Special Feature on Strategy 3
Human resources drive sustainable development
Advantest believes employees drive our sustainable development and growth. Based on this believe we implemented The Advantest Way which represents the values shared by Advantest employees world- wide, and nourishes our corporate culture.
Keith Hardwick
Managing Executive Officer
Global HR Executive Vice President
by the acronym “INTEGRITY.” In order to improve our or- ganization and ultimately provide higher-quality products and services to our customers, our employees share and live these Core Values, with a particular focus on Trust, Respect and Teamwork, creating an environment where we constantly learn from each other.
With this in mind we are now holding company-wide workshops to ensure full employee buy-in to live our val- ues daily. As of the end of March 2020, about 70% of em- ployees worldwide had participated in a workshop. Executives and managers act as facilitators, helping them not only to hear the voices of employees, but also partici- pate in two-way learning processes. Although the COVID-19 crisis interrupted face-to-face workshop sched- ules, we will continue with online workshop sessions until all Advantest employees have completed the workshop.
Strategic Development of Resources and the Advantest Way
In recent years, sales to China, Taiwan, and South Korea have come to account for 70-80% of total sales. To strengthen customer support in these regions, we are
The Advantest Way workshop
Innovation
Number One
Trust
Empowerment
Global
Respect
Inclusion and Diversity
Teamwork Yes
INNOVATION is our Lifeblood
NUMBER ONE is our Aspiration
TRUST is our Foundation
EMPOWERMENT is our Motivation
GLOBAL is our Reach
RESPECT is our Heart
INCLUSION AND DIVERSITY is our Commitment
TEAMWORK is our Approach
YES is our Attitude
  focusing on new recruitment and placement of software and application engineers in these regions.
That said, product development is centered on Japan, United States, and Germany. On the customer side, equipment may be developed, and purchased in different countries, emphasizing the need for a global sales force that communicates seamlessly with all counterparts. It is not uncommon for development staff, sales staff, and shipping destination and post-installation support staff to be located in different regions. INTEGRITY helps us build a framework for global support by relying on Teamwork and Inclusion & Diversity.
Maintaining this ability to provide comprehensive support to our customers through global cooperation is one of our top priorities, as expressed in our commitment to “Partner with leading-edge customers.” In addition, perfor- mance-based bonuses and stock-based compensation, which are calculated based on the performance of the entire group, not on business division or country / region perfor- mance, contribute to global teamwork.
Investment in Management Resources for Growth
Advantest’s business is chiefly supported by employees and their work, experience, and wisdom. While equip- ment deteriorates over time, but human experience and wisdom do not deteriorate, but only grow with time. Therefore, we not only hire excellent human resources, but we also invest in their training and development as stated in our commitment to “Attract and retain the best talent in the industry.”
Since the announcement of our Grand Design, we have expanded our human resources development program to help all employees take the initiative to hone their basic abilities and enhance their individual strengths. In this way,
we aim to be a learning organization that continues to fun- nel new knowledge into products and services. Since ex- cellent leadership is indispensable for achieving sustainable growth in an era where more complex and dif- ficult decision-making is required, we also focus on devel- oping human resources who can take responsibility for top and core functions globally. Each Group company addi- tionally develops training programs to enhance individual abilities and specialties according to the needs of each country and region. Since FY2018, our investment in em- ployee education has also increased significantly.
Employee Education Costs (Consolidated)
(Unit; Million yen)
300
200
100
0
 Our Grand Design and the Advantest Way
Three of the Six Commitments in our Grand Design (see p.19-20), “Partner with leading-edge customers,” “Attract and retain the best talent in the industry,” and “Learning organization” are the driving forces in our human resourc- es strategy. We have a mission to continuously improve ourselves so that we can offer products and services that will satisfy our customers worldwide through the devel- opment of the most advanced technologies.
However, developing advanced technology means con- stantly pushing the envelope in our increasingly complex business environment. This complexity was highlighted in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year with the global pan- demic. Advantest and its employees responded to this complex situation by establishing innovative ways to con- stantly communicate, learn and evolve together with our customers and partners. This is just one example of our employees demonstrating our “learning organization” ca- pabilities by adapting to the new environment of restricted travel remote work. One key to achieving this was the Advantest Way, especially the Core Values represented
187
FY2016
201
FY2017
238
FY2018
291
FY2019
  For example, in Japan, we have held software engineer- ing forums six times a year for 20 years, where employees learn from instructors inside and outside the company, fo- cusing on topics such as Agile Development, Deep Learn- ing, CI(Continuous Integration). In October 2 0 1 9, we launched Advantest Engineering Friday, a community which has created multiple sub-groups that meet regularly on Friday afternoon to study their specialties. In China, we regularly hold a Training Day where in-house lecturers offer themed talks, and are evaluated under a commendation system that helps to create a culture of mutual learning.
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 42

                                                                   Sustainability: Addressing Three Important Social Issues
Advantest collaborates with our customers and suppliers to contribute to a safe, secure, comfortable, and sustainable future by solving social issues through our business and considering the environment and society as we conduct our business operations.
The Advantest Way
Sustainability through ESG Promotion means all employees share an awareness of the importance of our relationship with society and the environment. This is the basis for the sustainability activities of the Advantest Group.
For details, see “Sustainability Data Book”.
Introduction
Our Strategy
Our Performance
Sustainability
Governance Information
Sustainability Overview
In response to social needs and the importance of solving social issues through our business, Advantest focuses on the environment (E), society (S), and governance (G), aiming to develop together with society. In addition, understanding the importance of responding to climate change and taking initiatives to protect and respect human rights, we collaborate with everyone in our supply chain to achieve the vision of a safe, secure, comfortable, and sustainable future.
  1 Advantest works for environmental conservation and strives to reduce our environmental impact
   2 Advantest continuously fulfills our responsibility as a global company to strive for the achievement of a prosperous society  Three Important Social Issues
Advantest Group    Through our Business
Materiality Focus
       3 Advantest respects our customers and meets their needs through the stable provision of high-quality products and services
   4 Advantest respects our shareholders and investors, and returns profits and discloses information appropriately
Climate
Change Initiatives
Measuring the Future
E
Environment
S
Society
G
Governance
Customer value creation
Partnership with Leading-Edge Customers
See page 52
Human Resources
Learning Organization
See page 41-42 and 54
Management Foundations
Environmental management Contribution to a sustainable society
See pages 45-48
Human rights
See page 49
     Protection and Respect for Human Rights
  5 Advantest respects our employees, treats them fairly, and strives to create comfortable workplaces
Social Needs
     Three Important Social Issues
Based on dialogue with stakeholders, we have selected three of the social issues emphasized by CSR evaluation organiza- tions and international sustainability guidelines to drive our contribution to the SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals).
1. Climate Change Initiatives
In recent years, abnormal weather and environmental variability, thought to be caused by climate change, have become a prominent topic. Thus, responding to climate change is necessary to achieve a sustainable society.
2. Protection and Respect for Human Rights
Amidst growing international concern for human rights, it has become a social requirement to respect the human rights of all stakeholders involved in our business activities, including employees and business partners, and to ensure proper labor practices.
3. Supply Chain Collaboration
With the globalization of business, companies are required to take ownership of human rights, labor, and environmental impacts throughout the supply chain. In order to achieve responsible supply chain management, it is important to tackle social issues in collaboration with suppliers, based on fair, impartial and transparent business relationships.
Responding to social issues in collaboration with our supply chain
6 Advantest respects our business partners and aims for mutual development by building cooperative relationships
CO2 reduction Green products Biodiversity
Human rights and diversity
Human resource development
Occupational safety Information disclosure Community contributions
     Advantest aims to achieve a sustainable level of business 7 development of the Company group and to enhance
corporate value over the medium to long term by building a fair, efficient and transparent governance system.
Supply Chain Collaboration
Corporate governance Compliance
Risk management
   Upstream
Procurement
In-house
R&D Production
DownstreamSocial expectations and needsSupply chainSustainability IssuesUnderstanding environmental and social impacts Solving social issues through collaborationContributing to the environment and society through productsProviding high-performance, high-quality products Reducing environmental impact
Providing employment opportunitiesProviding safe, high-quality products Reducing environmental impact associated with logisticsReducing environmental impactRecycling resources Using resources effectively
    Sales / logistics
Usage
Maintenance / recyclingCollaborating with suppliers for mutual growth and prosperityEnsuring the reliability of social infrastructure Improving environmental performance of productsStable production and supply of products
Fair business practices Reducing greenhouse gas emissionsImproving customer productivity
Improving the quality of customer products Improving the reliability of customer products Reducing greenhouse gas emissions through the use of our productsProviding total solutions Providing support and services that add valueLabor and human rights Health and safety Reduction of environmental impact Conflict minerals Sustainable resource utilization
Elimination of corruption and fraudAssessment of environmental and social impact of products and services Proper use of intellectual propertyReduction of greenhouse gas emissions
Labor and human rights Health and safety Hazardous substance management
Pollution preventionFair competition Elimination of corruption and fraudEnsuring product safety Providing high-quality productsProduct recycling
   43 ADVANTEST CORPORATIONIntegrated Annual Report 2020 44

Advantest engages in environmental conservation activities such as the development of green (environmentally friendly) products, reduction of environmental impacts, and biodiversity conservation based on our environmental policy. In particular, regarding the prevention of global warming, we proactively promote the reduction of CO2 emis- sions through our business activities and of greenhouse gases emissions through our supply chain. Going forward, we will set long-term goals and policies from the perspective of biodiversity and make even greater efforts to achieve a sustainable future for our common home.

Advantest considers climate change response to be a key management issue. We are working to reduce CO2 emis- sions not only in-house but across the entire scope of our business activities, including our value chain. In April 2020,
we disclosed relevant information in alignment with the recommendations of the TCFD (Task Force on Climate-re- lated Financial Disclosures). We are also preparing to obtain SBT* (Science Based Targets) certification.
In terms of mid- to long-term CO2 emission reduction targets for business activities, we aim for a 30% reduction in (kt-CO2)
40
FY2030 (compared to FY2018) and a goal of “net-zero
CO2 emissions” by 2050. In August 2020, we joined the in- 30 ternational initiative RE100, which aims for business activi- 20 ties to use 100% renewable energy, and are promoting CO2 10 reduction globally by introducing renewable energy. We
have already achieved 100% renewable energy sourcing in the United States (2012) and Germany (2019), and in April 2020, we started introducing renewable energy at our Japanese R&D bases in Gunma and Saitama Prefectures. We plan to achieve RE100 at the Gunma Factory by 2030.
From 2030, we will aim to achieve the target of net-zero CO2 emissions in 2050 by further accelerating the intro- duction of renewable energy sourcing in Japan and Asia as appropriate given conditions in each region.

(3) Reduction of CO2 Emissions Through Green Product DevelopmentGreenhouse gases (GHG) emitted through the use of our products account for approximately 63% of total emis- sions from our value chain (parts procurement, manufac- turing, in-use and disposal). Therefore, we are prioritizing the development of green (environmentally friendly) products.
Hitherto, we have assumed a +2°C scenario for global warming, and have considered reducing CO2 emissions 30% by 2030 and 51% by 2050. We have now reset our targets to a 30% reduction by 2030 and an 80% reduction by 2050, based on the October 2019 revision of the SBT standards, which now call for a temperature rise of “well below” 2°C (in comparison to the pre-industrial era). To reduce after-market emissions from our products, which account for 6 3% of GHG (Scope3) emissions across our entire supply chain, the product development division is playing a central role in developing green products.

Customers Demand Environmental Performance. New Goals Based on SBT Boost It.
As Moore’s Law implies, the semiconductor manufactur- ing process continually evolves, and the number of circuits integrated onto a single chip is increasing year by year.
In addition, semiconductors are indispensable for the evolution of 5G and other information technologies, and the production volume of these devices is increasing. Great numbers of semiconductors are also being used in automobiles and medical equipment, where test-guaran- teed reliability is even more essential. As a result, the number of tests conducted is increasing exponentially, and customers are seeking greater test efficiency (increas- ing test speed and parallel test capability) for each new generation of semiconductors.
CO2 reduction and contribution to the SDGs are now essential aspects of business. Advantest believes that im- proving the performance of our testers to meet the technical requirements of our customers can also contrib- ute to the reduction of CO2 emissions. We use “power consumption per test” as our basic unit to evaluate power performance, and aim to increase test frequency without increasing power. We are working to reduce power con- sumption per test, and thus CO2 emissions per test, by increasing the test frequency multiplied by pin count, or the test frequency multiplied by parallel measurement count, without increasing power consumption.
For example, if we quadruple the “test frequency x pin count” while less than doubling power consumption, we halve CO2 emissions per test.
Hitherto, our technology and development roadmap re- ferred mainly to customer trends and the now-defunct International Technology Roadmap for Semiconductors (ITRS). We are now introducing a new SBT-based CO2 emissions re- duction target, which informs our long-term technical targets for 2030. We are continuing to formulate our 2050 targets.

1) Creating a Workplace where Human Rights are Respected
Advantest believes that human rights are an important factor to consider in the global expansion of our business. We sup- port international human rights norms such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and respect basic human rights in light of the laws and regulations of each country and region where we operate.
In addition, we have signed the United Nations Global Compact, a global initiative advocated by the United Nations, and support its 10 principles by promoting initiatives in the four fields of human rights, labor, the envi-
ronment, and anti-corruption.
The Advantest Way includes a Code of Conduct that lays out our policy on human rights pro- tection. It prohibits discrimination based on race, gender, age, nationality, religion, social origin, physical disability, illness, or sexual orientation. We have also formulated a human rights and dis- crimination manual and a harassment prevention guide to promote protection and respect for hu- man rights, which guides us in developing the spirit of the United Nations Global Compact in our workplaces worldwide.

(2) Human Rights Issues Helpline
Advantest has set up a corporate ethics helpline for human rights problems or consultations that are difficult to solve in the workplace, enabling employees to report issues and consult directly with the Corporate Ethics Office. The Corporate Ethics Office plays a central role in handling reports and consultations, and keeps the names of individuals strictly confidential to avoid possible unfavorable treatment or retaliation. From fiscal 2019, we also set up a channel for reports to an external law firm to make helpline consultations and reports even easier. These helplines can also be used outside Japan.
In Japan, we have set up a Human Rights Protection Committee which works together with our labor union to resolve consultations on human rights issues. In fiscal 2019, we received two harassment-related consultations, both of which have been resolved. The Human Rights Protection Committee takes appropriate measures after giving due consideration to the privacy of the individuals involved, and seeks prompt solutions. In this way, we strive to create workplaces where all employees respect each others’ human rights and can work with peace of mind.

The Advantest Group recognizes that health and safety management is one of the most important aspects of business ac- tivities. We actively and continuously conduct health and safety activities based on the Advantest Group Occupational Health and Safety Basic Policy.
In FY2019, we maintained the health and safety of our employees along the following two axes:
(1) Health Management Promotion
Having decided to introduce health management to maintain and improve the health of our employ-
ees, we declared our Health and Productivity Management (HPM) Policy in September 2019. Under
this policy, the company, our health insurance union, and our labor union work together to encourage
employees to get health checkups, improve the implementation rate of specific health guidance, and
operate a health portal website. As a result, Advantest was certified as a “Health Management Excellent Corporation 2020 (Large Corporation Category)” under the Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry’s Health Management Excel- lent Corporation Certification System.
Health and Productivity Management (HPM) Policy
In order to realize Advantest’s mission, we will strive to create a workplace where every employee can work in good health, both physically and mentally. We will contribute as a good corporate citizen to the creation of a sustainable future.
(2) COVID-19 Safety Measures
From the end of February 2020, the Crisis Management Headquarters took the lead in taking all possible measures to pre- vent infection based on the policy response of the government in each country where we operate. In Japan, we started telework on a trial basis in September 2017 in response to expected commuting difficulties associated with the Olympics, Paralympics, pandemics, and natural disasters, and established rules so that telework could be implemented in any de- partment. We have also globally introduced online meetings, and successfully transitioned our expenses accounting to a paperless system. Thus in April 2020, we were fully prepared to implement our telework system, and were able to smoothly shift to telework when the Japanese government declared a state of emergency over COVID-19.
As we got used to working from home, we relaxed some rules (such as prohibitions on taking materials to home or print- ing things out at home) to maintain employee productivity at as high a level as possible. This flexibility proves that our tele- work system could also be implemented in other situations such as natural disasters, which are now increasing in frequency.

Basic Policy
To fulfill our social responsibilities throughout our supply chain, Advantest publishes our Procurement Policy and Supply Chain CSR Promotion Guidebook on our website, and stipulates compliance with relevant laws and social norms as well as support for initiatives related to human rights, labor, and environmental conservation. In addition, we require suppliers to sign our “Basic Transaction Contract,” which includes provisions related to ESG (Environment, Society, and Governance).

(1) CSR Procurement and Product Quality Improvement
In addition to conducting quarterly QCD* evaluations for suppliers, we also conduct an annual CSR questionnaire for the important suppliers who account for 80% of our transaction value. The questionnaire is adaptable to changing conditions, with the content being reviewed every year based on the Supply Chain CSR Promotion Guidebook and analysis of our pri- ority issues and survey results through the previous year. We also create summaries of results for each supplier and work for mutual improvement through feedback.

Reinforcement of Advantest’s Customer Support Capabilities
Advantest regards the ideal form of the materiality category of customer value creation as “Be a partner with lead- ing-edge customers.” The following two points are our priority strategies and themes for this category.
As part of this, we introduce our field support activities that give top priority to customer value and are also environmentally friendly.
Advantest is committed to providing support that contributes to the efficiency of our customers’ businesses and continuously supports their growth. In order to maximize equipment utilization rates, we carry out a wide range of activities such as quick repairs, test cell integration services for factory automation, and AI-driven efficiency improvements. Our technical solution support, test cell integration services, and productivity and quality improvement support all help us to further deepen our en- gagement with our customers and contribute to building foundations for technological innovation at energy-saving semiconductor fabs.

Advantest considers employees a vital corporate resource. We support their diverse lifestyles and individual growth, and strive to help them grow together with the company. In September 2000, we established our Basic Philosophy of Human Resources, and continue to work on fairness and employee engagement, while actively supporting human resources development. We also support the 10 principles of the United Nations Global Compact, the Universal Dec- laration of Human Rights, and the Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights, and aim to be an organization that emphasizes diversity while giving due consideration to the principles of human rights and labor.
Basic Philosophy of Human Resources
Advantest considers that employees are irreplaceable management resources (human capital), and has formulated the fol- lowing philosophy as a basis for our measures related to human resources.
1. Focus on results
By encouraging people to take on challenges, we promote a personnel system in which employees who have overcome
difficulties and achieved innovative results are evaluated and rewarded appropriately.
2. Fairness and engagement
We perpetually strive to make all our measures and systems objectively fair, with the goal of obtaining maximum employ-
ee engagement and achieving optimal results.
3. Active support for human resources development
We work tirelessly to improve ourselves, and actively support employees who wish to acquire advanced specialized knowledge and broaden their education.

(1) Diversity Management
The active participation of each and every employee is indispensable for the sus- tainable growth of the company. Advantest has set “Inclusion and Diversity” as one of its core values, and is actively working to form a corporate culture that fosters an environment where everyone can work comfortably, and where each Advantest employee can maximize their individual potential, abilities, and motivation. In recog- nition of these efforts, in 2019 Advantest Europe GmbH (AEG) was selected as one of the 100 greatest places to work in Germany by the international Great Place To Work® Institute.

(2) Global Hiring for a Global Workforce
Advantest emphasizes a global perspective in our system for hiring, training, and allocating human resources, aiming to give excellent employees fair access to opportunities regardless of nationality and promoting employees across national borders. Through exchanges, we are enhancing the development of global human resources and the globalization of our organization.
10 out of 24 executive officers of the Advantest Group are foreign nationals (as of March 2020), and the Advantest Corpo- ration (Japan) employs people from nine different countries.
(3) Workplaces That Foster Innovation
Advantest believes it is important for employees to share their know-how and skills, and we aim to create work environments where people can converse freely. In fiscal 2019, we significantly renovated our in-house gathering areas such as the cafes and cafeterias at our R&D centers and factories in Japan. In planning the renovations, we visited the offices of overseas subsidiaries to exchange opinions, and as a result set up not only
refreshment lounges but also casual meeting spaces and active spaces where employees can stretch. Bright open spaces with natural lighting are widely used to foster innovation, improve communication, and promote physical and spiritual refreshment.

Advantest regards the ideal form of the materiality catego- ry of human resources as “Learning Organization.” The fol- lowing two points are our priority strategies and themes for this category.
In fiscal 2019, we held workshops on The Advantest Way globally to create conditions for better communication with all stakeholders and more effective coworking.
Among other human resources initia- tives, Advantest Engineering Friday (AEF) was inaugurated in October 2019 as a venue for the software division to continuously share their thoughts and opinions. Young people and vet- erans meet regularly on Friday afternoons for mutual study, creating their own community in parallel with our organiza- tion. AEF is also actively used as a venue to support awareness through one-on-one dialogue, and several small subcommittees have been created. It is accelerating the learning cycle of each participant, and improving our organizational flexibility.

In February 2020, we built a trial environment for employ- ees to take MOOCs (Massive Open Online Courses) on topics related to AI. Through Coursera, 42 students took deep learning and machine learning courses offered by well-known universities and organizations such as Stanford University, and 37 of them received diplomas. Programming skills and English proficiency were also required to solve problems, so students worked together to help each oth- er, which has helped to improve our engineers’ abilities. In the future, we will not only encourage more new employ- ees and other employees to take these courses, but will also build environments that help them to use what they have learned in their work.

Software technology and development methods are lit- erally changing day by day. What really brought that home to me was when I attended an external seminar and heard that “Japanese software development is 10 years behind.” It is now common knowledge that thanks to the advance of IT technology, information can be exchanged instantly, and yesterday’s state-of-the-art technology will be replaced by something else today. On the other hand, how long does it take us to provide new software to our customers? ... I couldn’t stand to think about it!
Around that time, a chat with a manager led to the creation of Advantest Engineering Friday (AEF). AEF is an organizational effort to support ongoing em- ployee grow. It is difficult to educate people, so we created an environment where people can educate themselves. Sessions can be held on multiple themes, and participants are free to join any session. They can also communicate across departments. The aim is for them to be able to talk to someone when they come up with something, find compan- ions to try it out with, and share their anxieties and thoughts freely.

  Board of Directors
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2020
2012
April 25, 1947 Japanese
3,056
14/14
Mr. Osamu Karatsu has a wealth of knowledge and experience as a semiconductor expert, in addition to management experience at do- mestic and overseas research and development institutions. The in- sights on the industry which he brings to the management of the Advantest group contribute to the sustainable enhancement of corpo- rate value of Advantest and the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. Thus, Advantest believes that he is a suitable outside director.
Nicholas Benes
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2020
2020
December 11, 1964 Japanese
1,853
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2020
2020
December 10, 1970 American
0
14/14
14/14
Mr. Yoshiaki Yoshida served as the representative director of a subsidiary of Advantest, Executive Vice President of the Corporate Planning Group, Executive Vice President of the Corporate Relations Group, and Execu- tive Vice President of the Nanotechnology Business Group, before being appointed Representative Director, President and CEO of the company in January 2017. Given his wide range of management knowledge and ex- perience, Advantest believes that he is a suitable person to realize sus- tainable enhancement of corporate value as a director of the company.
Mr. Koichi Tsukui has worked in various R&D divisions and in sales for many years, including assignments in Germany, and has a wide range of knowledge and experience regarding the businesses and manage- ment of the Group. Therefore, Advantest believes he is suitable as a di- rector of the Advantest Group.
Mr. Douglas Lefever plays a key role in promoting Advantest’s business development in Silicon Valley and other parts of the United States. He has broad knowledge and experience regarding the businesses and management of the Group. His perspective enhances the diversity of the Board of Directors and can be expected to make it more effective. Thus, Advantest believes he is a suitable person as a director to realize sustainable enhancement of the corporate value of the Advantest Group.
Introduction Our Strategy
Our Performance
Sustainability Governance
Information
    Yoshiaki Yoshida
Representative Director, President and CEO
Osamu Karatsu
Koichi Tsukui Newly Elected Director, Managing Executive Officer
Douglas Lefever Newly Elected Director, Managing Executive Officer
 2013
February 8, 1958 Japanese
48,056
Outside Director
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2020
        Toshimitsu Urabe
Yuichi Kurita
Director, Standing Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Kouichi Nanba
Outside Director, Standing Audit & Super- visory Committee Member
 Outside Director
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2020
2019
October 2, 1954 Japanese
142
Outside Director
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2020
11/11
10/10
13/13
11/11 10/10
10/10
Mr. Toshimitsu Urabe has extensive management experience at a leading Jap- anese general trading company, particularly overseas experience in the United States and Asia, experience in business investment decisions, and extensive experience in personnel management. The insights which he brings to the global management of the Advantest group contribute to the sustainable en- hancement of corporate value of Advantest and the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. Thus, Advantest believes that he is a suitable outside director.
Soichi Tsukakoshi
Director, Senior Executive Officer
Mr. Koichi Namba has a wealth of experience in law and compliance and a high degree of specialized knowledge, after serving as a judge mainly in charge of civil cases for many years, and engaging in the practice of corporate legal affairs as a lawyer. Advantest believes that he is a suitable person as an outside director who is a member of the Audit and Supervisory Committee of the Company, as his insights into the auditing and supervision of the Advantest Group contribute to the improvement of auditing and supervisory functions.
2019
April 16, 1956 American
2,000
11/11
Mr. Nicholas Benes has extensive knowledge and experience in corpo- rate governance and experience in investment banking, including M&A. The insights on corporate governance and the perspective of share- holders which he brings to the global management of the Advantest group contribute to the sustainable enhancement of corporate value of Advantest and the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. Thus, Ad- vantest believes that he is a suitable outside director.
Atsushi Fujita
Director, Managing Executive Officer
2015
July 28, 1949 Japanese
11,482
14/14
Mr. Yuichi Kurita has many years of experience in finance and corporate planning, and has extensive knowledge and experience in finance and accounting. In addition, he has served as a director and is an audit and supervisory board member of the Advantest Group, in which position he is currently striving to improve auditing/supervision and governance. In view of his achievements, Advantest believes that he is a suitable person to enhance supervisory and oversight functions as a director who is a member of the Audit and Supervisory Committee.
Sayaka Sumida Newly Elected
Outside Director, Standing Audit & Super- visory Committee Member
2019
September 1, 1949 Japanese
142
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2020
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2020
           Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2020
2017
February 1, 1960 Japanese
4,935
14/14
2019
November 15, 1959 Japanese
2,263
11/11
Mr. Atsushi Fujita has been engaged in corporate administration, mainly finance and accounting, for many years, including assignments in the US and Germany, and he has gained a wealth of knowledge and expe- rience concerning the Advantest Group’s business and corporate man- agement. Thus, Advantest believes that he is a suitable person to realize sustainable enhancement of corporate value as a director of the Advantest Group.
2020
January 28, 1961 Japanese
0
Experience and skills Applicable number of directors
Leadership 3 Finance 3
Committee
Board of Directors
Audit and Supervisory Committee
Nomination and Compensation Committee
Attendance Rate(*) Chairperson
Mr. Soichi Tsukakoshi has worked in sales and marketing, was Senior Vice President of the Sales Group, and currently serves as Executive Vice President of the Production Group. He has a wealth of knowledge and experience concerning sales and marketing as well as production. We have determined that he is a suitable person to realize sustainable enhancement of corporate value as a director of the Advantest Group by improving the efficiency of manufacturing and optimizing supply chains.
Ms. Sayaka Sumida has worked for an accounting firm as a certified public accountant, has been engaged in accounting, auditing, and in- ternal control operations for many years, and has extensive knowledge and experience of finance and accounting. Advantest believes she is a suitable person as an outside director who is a member of the Audit and Supervisory Committee of the Company, as her insights contribute to the effectiveness of the Board of Directors and the improvement of the functions of the Audit and Supervisory Committee.
Global Operation 10
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2020
Date of Appointment Date of birth Nationality
Shares Held as of March 2020
Knowledge of the semiconductor industry
Research and development
7
3
Legal affairs, attorney at law
(*) 2019
2
   55 ADVANTEST CORPORATIONIntegrated Annual Report 2020 56
            Messages from Outside Directors
Advantest from Board of Director’s perspective
Osamu Karatsu
Director
Advantest’s business is measurement and test technologies that guarantee the functional performance of products and add value to them. The history of semiconductor products has been one of outstanding growth underpinned by the highly stable product quality and increased market value that can be obtained from high-performance test technology.
In recent decades, in particular, semiconductor technology has advanced dramatically in accordance with Moore’s law, and semiconductors have made enormous gains in perfor- mance and complexity. To establish these advanced devices as marketable products, Advantest has played a crucial sup- porting role in the “backbone” of the electronic products in- dustry by launching more and more advanced test systems with continually improving technology.
In recent years, these trends towards higher performance and greater complexity have transcended the boundaries of semiconductor devices. We now talk about product perfor- mance and quality in the context of assemblies and systems. In anticipation of this development, Advantest announced a new medium- to long-term management policy (Grand De- sign) in 2018, and has further advanced its implementation since then, while continuing to calibrate the direction of its fu- ture test business development against industry trends. Starting with the addition of SLT businesses acquired from Astronics and Essai to the Advantest Group, the company has been steadily laying the groundwork to expand its busi- ness foundation by evolving into a total test system company that can organically provide end-to-end test technologies, and continues to seek the most effective approach to feed test data back to improve design and production process management by utilizing big data analytics.
Many other companies have recently reported accidents such as malfunctions and fires after shipping due to com- bined compound failures at the final product level. The eco- nomic and brand damage resulting from such incidents can be fatal for companies. Advantest is committed to proactively detecting defects concealed by technolocial complications and providing value to minimize market accidents and asso- ciated rework costs, and aims to expand this commitment as part of the company’s support for industrial productivity im- provement.
Since initiatives and expansion in these new fields of busi- ness involve activities that may require experience and re- sources in addition to those accumulated by Advantest, I hope to make an active contribution by providing appropriate information and advice as an independent director.
Toshimitsu Urabe
Director
With 95% of our sales overseas, we have 32 affiliated com- panies in 17 countries around the world, and the global mar- ket for semiconductor test equipment is divided between Advantest and US supplier Teradyne. In response to the glo- balization of our business, 2 out of 11 directors and 10 out of 24 executive officers are now of non-Japanese nationality, making our management team multinational compared to other Japanese companies. In 2018 we announced our “Grand Design,” a long-term vision that aims to use ad- vanced technology to contribute to the development of the world’s semiconductor-related industries and achieve sus- tainable growth. This was a declaration of our determination to continue to diversify our profit sources and add new busi- nesses by solidifying our advantage in the semiconductor test equipment realm and further expanding our business domains across the semiconductor value chain. I believe we face two challenges to achieving this ambitious vision.
The first is endless organizational evolution. In the future, as Advantest’s domain of activity expands, the factors that must be taken into consideration for sustainable growth will increase. Efficient and well-balanced multi-disciplinary orga- nizational management approaches such as separate busi- ness strategies for each business, cross-sectional resource/ knowledge management for each function such as manufac- turing, sales, and administration, and operations optimized for regional characteristics will increasingly be required. There is no “silver bullet” or perfect template, and these are issues that we will continue to work on while responding to environ- mental changes, but I am looking forward to seeing how our organization, which has already formed the ability to adapt to such developments, will continue to evolve in response to our long-term vision.
Our second challenge is unique shared values. As our business and our staff become globalized, it would be ideal if we could continue to take pride in our origins, so that em- ployees of various nationalities could fully share a sense of belonging to a global enterprise that was born in Japan. For example, Advantest has a unique set of values backed by many years of experience, and it is possible for us all to share the awareness of being grounded in this history, which can be a unifying counterweight to ongoing innovation and cre- ation in various fields and regions. It is natural for a company to adapt to global frameworks such as the SDGs, but I think that the shared values unique to our company are the ulti- mate foundation of our Grand Design. I hope that “The Ad- vantest Way” will evolve in that direction.
Nicholas Benes
Director
Our Governance and Sustainability Management
After one year as a director, I believe our board is a dedicat- ed team that draws upon a diverse mix of skills experience to effectively monitor and provide fresh perspectives. Man- agement is comfortable being held accountable, is respon- sive to the independent directors, and is open to new agenda topics and requests for additional reporting. At the board meeting, there is much discussion and healthy de- bate about both near and long-term issues, and especially about how best to realize the full potential of our “grand de- sign” strategy as the semiconductor value chain evolves. To deepen our thinking and understanding of key issues, every year the board also spends several days off-site for “deep dive” discussions. This year, as part of this we visited Ad- vantest facilities in California.
During the last fiscal year, the board received training about recent developments in ESG-based investment from an expert. In this report, we are for the first time disclosing information following the SASB’s standards for the semi- conductor industry. Going forward, we plan to track these and other measures at the board level, so as to remind ex- ecutives to take proactive leadership and concrete steps to improve them as part of daily management. We will also need to keep a lookout for other significant sustainability criteria and growth opportunities that are unique to our company’s focus on test, and create a virtuous cycle in tan- dem with our strategy. This is already being done, but we must seek to do it more.
This year we will be considering ways to streamline our board practices so that we can allocate more time to the most important issues and long-term policies, while suffer- ing no loss in the quality of monitoring. To the extent feasi- ble given local differences, we will also seek to further improve and standardize our global practices for matters such as compensation, compliance, and reporting. We must evolve our organization as fast as the expanding size of our global footprint. Advantest is a company with im- mense potential, but to achieve it, we must fully benefit from efficient global teamwork, and avoid unnecessary risks and mishaps. In governance, there is always room for improve- ment.
Kouichi Nanba
Director
Standing Audit & Supervisory Committee
The Importance of Compliance & Advantest’s Challenges
Recently, we have been flooded with documents written from left to right (rather than from top to bottom in Japa- nese style) and katakana terms (English words transliterated into Japanese, rather than translated). Among them you may have seen the word “compliance.” Compliance refers to legal compliance, that is, the compliance of a company with rules and social norms. It can be said that the concept has already taken root in society. It seems as if it should be easy for companies to maintain compliance, but it is sur- prisingly difficult. I was a witness to scandals at three other companies last year. The causes of these, in my opinion, were lack of norm awareness in pursuit of profits, insuffi- cient monitoring systems with respect to the division(s) that caused the scandals, and corporate cultures that had poor awareness of norms in the first place.
Once a breach of compliance causes negative publicity, the damage to the company can be enormous, and it can even develop to the point that the management base of the company is undermined. In that sense, compliance is ex- tremely important for companies. Therefore, there seems to be no other way to prevent breaches from happening apart from making sure that the organization has open channels of communication rather than being divided into silos, and that the “left hand” always knows what the “right hand” is doing; strengthening monitoring systems; and promoting compliance education for employees.
By the way, as you know, our company has a vast busi- ness reach, covering Europe, the United States, China, Tai- wan, and South Korea, and many foreigners are working with us. Advantest is a truly diverse company. The problem is that for such companies, I feel the biggest challenge is whether the compliance policy established at the head of- fice can be spread to employees all over the world.
Small compliance violations may cause big problems. When an issue occurs, it is important not to overlook it and to hold discussions at the Audit and Supervisory Committee and the board of directors. I hope to do my part to ensure that Advantest maintains a flawless compliance record.
Introduction
Our Strategy Our Performance
Sustainability
Governance Information
          Provision of Appropriate External Resources for Initiatives and Expansion in New Business Fields
Two Challenges We Must Overcome to Achieve Advantest’s Grand Design
 57 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 58

              Thoughts about Corporate Governance (Dialogue between CEO and Outside Director)
 Yoshiaki Yoshida
Representative Director, President and CEO
Sayaka Sumida
Outside Director, Standing Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
by the government. Traditional Japanese companies’ dis- closure stance has focused on meeting statutory disclo- sure requirements, and efforts to determine optimal disclosure content from the perspective of shareholders and investors have not always been sufficient, in my opin- ion. In that regard, I think the Stewardship Code and Cor- porate Governance Code announced in 2014 and 2015, respectively, had a salutary effect on improving corporate disclosure stances. This has led to the expansion of non-financial information disclosure related to ESG and the SDGs, which is frequently emphasized these days.
(President Yoshida) The government has encouraged companies to aim for ROE 8% and restore Japan’s earn- ing power. The reason for this is that Japanese companies have been earning less than their counterparts in Europe, America and Asia. I think that there was a time when we were content to just compare ourselves to our Japanese peers without looking at the rest of the world, but now we must hold ourselves to global standards of achievement. Regarding governance, I attach great importance to the perspective of outside directors. While discussing exactly what we can and cannot do with the rest of the Board of Directors, I’m committed to openly disclosing information.
Q What do you think recent corporate scandals tell us about the need for compliance systems?
(President Yoshida) In Advantest’s case, 95% of our sales are overseas and so are more than half of our em- ployees. The customs and logic of Japan, where we have our headquarters, may not always operate globally. There are regional differences due to history, culture, and cus- toms that must be handled carefully. However, there are certain lines that cannot be crossed, and these must be enforced clearly and without exception. I believe it is the responsibility of top management to convey this to em- ployees and educate them in the importance of compli- ance.
Introduction Our Strategy Our Performance Sustainability Governance Information
   Q First, President Yoshida, please tell us about the achievements of the Board of Directors and future challenges facing Advantest with respect to governance.
(President Yoshida) In the three years since I became president in January 2017, we have formulated a medium- to long-term management policy, revised “The Advantest Way” to clarify our corporate philosophy and code of con- duct, issued our first annual integrated report, abolished our consultant and advisor system, revised all our internal rules, revised our remuneration system to ensure
transparency, and enhanced our internal reporting system for compliance. Every board meeting means a minimum of 3 hours and a maximum of 5 hours of open and heated discussion. Future issues include the planning and execu- tion of succession plans, the narrowing down of agenda items for the Board of Directors for deeper and more thor- ough discussions, and education in creating sophisticated materials for that purpose. In addition, as companies are now evaluated from the perspective of their ESG initiatives and contributions to the SDGs, I am also aware of the im- portance of enhancing disclosure of our non-financial poli- cies and progress.
Q With regard to information disclosure, Director Sumida, what issues are on your mind?
(Director Sumida) I have been working at an account- ing firm for a long time as a certified public accountant, and during that time, I have seen the reality of various in- formation disclosures related to the IR activities of many listed companies. We all believe that open disclosure is an indispensable element of corporate governance, but in Ja- pan, there is generally a strong sense of “You first—no, you first!” and there is a limit to the voluntary improve- ments that will be enacted by individual companies, I’ve always been aware of the need for institutional reforms led
(Director Sumida) In the world of accountant, little dis- tinction is made between men and women. I myself have always believed that chances will come my way if I do not put artificial limits on myself. Due to recent workstyle re- forms, increased productivity has made it easier to avoid overtime. This has created a work environment that is friendlier to women, who used to have difficulty balancing work with childbirth and childcare. I think this means that we no longer have to worry about gender differences.
(President Yoshida) Advantest has relatively few fe- male employees, so there are female department manag- ers, but no female executive officers or vice presidents yet. I think this is one of our challenges. To promote the active participation of women, I believe it is important not to give special consideration to women, but to give them equal opportunities regardless of gender, and promote them ac- cording to their abilities and motivation, just as we do for men.
(Director Sumida) I also believe that privileging women just because they are women is lamentable, in a sense. I think it is important to treat employees equally based on their individual abilities and motivations, and it is also im- portant for top management to clearly communicate that message.
  59 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Ms. Sayaka Sumida, who was appointed as a member of the Audit and Supervisory Commit- tee at this year’s Annual General Shareholders Meeting, spoke with President Yoshida about issues related to the governance of listed com- panies, drawing on her long experience as a certified public accountant. The moderator was Akira Ono (Executive Officer & General Manager of Human Resources Department).
been focusing on crisis management on the premise that scandals may and will occur in the future, for example, by expanding our internal reporting system to make sure nothing ever gets swept under the carpet.
What are Advantest’s challenges regarding diversity, especially in terms of women’s advancement?
Looking at the scandals that have occurred at various companies, I think they are a result of people not being able to stand up for principles that should be obvious to every schoolchild. The spirit of com- pliance cannot be instilled overnight. I think it is very im- portant for top management to repeatedly convey these “obvious things” to employees over and over again in their
messaging in order to create a solid organizational culture.
(President Yoshida) Just one scandal can cause a catastrophic loss of trust in a company. Of course, educa- tion to prevent scandals is important, but we have also
(Director Sumida)
Q
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 60

            Corporate Governance
Our Basic Approach to Corporate Governance
Advantest’s corporate mission is “enabling leading-edge technologies.” The Advantest Group constantly strives to improve so that we can offer products and services that satisfy customers around the world, and contribute to so- ciety through the development of advanced technologies.
In accordance with this mission, and in response to our mandate from stakeholders, Advantest aims to achieve a sustainable level of business development for the Group
and to enhance corporate value over the medium to long term. To that end, the Group has established a fair, effi- cient, and highly transparent governance system. Please note that our Corporate Governance Basic Policy is avail- able on our website at the following link:
https://www.advantest.com/investors/management- policy/corporate-governance
Governance Highlights
Inside / Outside Director Ratio
Total Tenure (As of 25 June, 2020) appointed
Directors & Managing Executive Officers
Directors who are not Managing Executive Officers (outside directors)
3
5
 Directors who are
not Managing
3
Introduction Our Strategy Our Performance
Sustainability Governance Information
 45 45 Newly %%
Persons
Persons
 Executive Officers 6~10
Gender Ratio
Male
Chairpersons
Yoshiaki Yoshida
Board of Directors
(CEO, Inside director)
(inside directors)
10 years %
Persons
1~5 years
 Corporate Governance Scheme
Election/Dismissal
General Meeting of Shareholders
Japanese / Non-Japanese Director Ratio
Non-Japanese
      Auditing, Supervision
Auditing
Election/Dismissal
Audit & Supervisory Committee
Support
Election/ Dismissal
% 18
  Appointment, Dismissal & Supervision
Instruction & Directives
Executive Officers
Proposal
Consultation
Board of Directors
Directors who are not audit and supervisory committee members
 Nomination and Compensation Committee
 President and Chief Executive Officer
<Makes decisions on business operations>
  Internal Control Committee
  Compliance Committee
 Managing Executive Officers Committee
 Disclosure Committee
 Sustainable Management Promotion Working Group
  Risk Management Group
 Departments and Group Companies conducting business activities
Internal auditing
Auditing Group
  Accounting Auditors
 Directors who are audit and supervisory committee members
%% 91 9
Japanese
Female
Yuichi Kurita
Audit & Supervisory Committee
(Non-Managing Executive Officer, Inside director)
    Corporate Governance Initiatives
Jan 2017
Audit and Supervisory Committee Office
Cooperation
Cooperation
82%
Toshimitsu Urabe
Nomination and Compensation Committee
(Non-Managing Executive Officer, Outside director)
List of Governance Systems (As of June 25, 2020) Structure
Number of Director
Term of Office for Directors
Incentive for Directors
Disclosure of Compensation for individual Directors
Committee (voluntary basis)
Number of Audit and Supervisory Committee member
Number of Outside Director among above
Number of Independent Directors
Accounting Auditor
Executive Officer System
Company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee
 11 Persons
· Directors & Managing Executive Officers (Inside)
· Directors who are not Managing Executive Officers (Inside)
· Directors who are not Managing Executive Officers (Outside) 5 Persons
1 year (2 years for directors who are members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee)
Performance-based Remuneration System (Executive directors only)
Only Directors who received Compensation of 100 Million yen or More
Nomination and Compensation Committee
3 Persons
2 Persons
5 Persons
Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC
In Place
5 Persons 1 Person
   Jun 2003
Introduction of executive officer system
Feb 2006
1st meeting of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
Jun 2006
Abolition of retirement allowance system Appointment of first outside directors
A majority of the members of the Nomination and Compensation Committee became outside directors
Jun 2017
First appointment of an outside director as the chair of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
Jul 2020
Abolition of advisor system
      Jun 2011
Appointment of first foreign directors
Jun 2015
Transitioned to the “company with audit and supervisory committee” format
Jun 2018
 First appointment of a female director
Established stock compensation system and reviewed stock option compensation system
    61
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2020 62

            Board of Directors / Board Effectiveness
Role of the Board of Directors
The Board of Directors of Advantest, as the company’s highest management decision-making body, determines important matters such as the management policy and management strategy of the entire group, and also moni- tors and supervises the execution of business by those re- sponsible. By including multiple outside directors as members of the Board of Directors, we have strengthened the oversight and supervisory functions of the Board of Di- rectors. At meetings of the Board of Directors, directors with a wide range of knowledge and experience express their opinions from various perspectives and hold lively discussions of the agendas proposed by management. These meetings review the company’s mid- to long-term management policy, executive appointment and compen- sation, budget and performance settlement of accounts, M&A proposals, etc. and are held about once every month, lasting about 3 to 5 hours. The current board of di- rectors is composed of five inside executive directors, one inside non-executive directors, and five outside non-exec- utive directors, for a total of 11 members (this includes all directors who are also Audit and Supervisory Committee members). Two of the directors are non-Japanese and one is a woman. In order to maintain seamless communi- cation among directors, we have arranged for simultane- ous interpretation at meetings of the Board of Directors so that we can speak freely in both Japanese and English. Materials and minutes are also translated into English. We endeavor to provide the materials to directors no less than three business days before meetings in principle. Details of the members of the Board of Directors are as described on page 55 to 56. The Chairman of the Board of Directors is Yoshiaki Yoshida, Representative Director, President and CEO of the Advantest Group.
Activities of the Board of Directors
Results of Board Meeting Effectiveness
Survey
Advantest distributes a survey in the form of a question- naire to all directors every March through April to evaluate the effectiveness of the board of directors. The main items to be evaluated are as follows:
Structure of the board of directors
Number of members, diversity of members, status of outside directors with respect to oth- er concurrent positions, etc.
Management of the board of directors
Timing of distribution of materials, content of materials, prior disclosure of agenda, number of agenda items, frequency of board meetings, chairman’s effectiveness, quality of online meetings/simultaneous interpretation, etc.
Agenda of the board of directors
Management strategy, delegation to execu- tives, succession plan, compensation system, risk, conflict of interest, appointment/dismissal of directors, compliance, etc.
Board of directors support system
Reports from the Nomination and Compensa- tion Committee, provision of information to outside directors, training for directors, use of experts, etc.
Result in FY2018
The results of the fiscal 2018 survey showed that it was necessary to formulate a succession plan for represen- tative directors, reanalyze risks affecting Advantest’s business, and consider the training provided for direc- tors. The status of each of these items is as follows:
Status of Actions Required
Advantest is currently working on the formula- tion of a succession plan for the representative director. In the future, the Nomination and Compensation Committee will deliberate on it and the board of directors will take the initia- tive in implementing it.
Regarding re-evaluation of risks affecting Ad- vantest’s business, the executive side analyzed these risks and their discussion was published in our securities report, including the specific risks.
Executive officers who had not attended gov- ernance training attended training related to governance, and in addition, lectures by ESG and corporate value enhancement experts were held for Japanese directors and execu- tive officers.
The FY2019 effectiveness evaluation of the board of direc- tors was also discussed at the board of directors meeting in May 2020. At that time, it was confirmed that the com- position of the board of directors was appropriate and that the board of directors exchanged opinions freely. On the other hand, the following points were raised for future im- provement:
Materials distributed by the Board of Directors and explanation method
Method of reporting from the Nomination and Compensation Committee
How outside directors can best utilize out- side experts
Introduction Our Strategy Our Performance
Sustainability Governance Information
 Main Actions Taken by the Board of Directors in 2019
Revision of The Advantest Way
Advantest recently revised The Advantest Way to clarify our management mission, vision, core values, action guidelines and action standards, taking into account the opinions of outside di- rectors and overseas executive officers offered at meetings of the Board of Directors. Outside directors also advised the Board that employ- ees around the world need to be more aware of The Advantest Way, so we are holding work- shops around the world to raise awareness.
See pages 41-42
Review of Important Rules
We have reviewed important rules such as the Regulations of the Board of Directors. The pro- cess of sending information to outside direc- tors in advance and confirming their opinions has enabled us to enact more appropriate reg- ulations.
Enhancement of Internal Reporting System
Since outside directors suggested that our in- ternal reporting system be expanded, we have set up an outside desk to accept anonymous reports on incidents and to enable reports from outside the company. See page 49
Advantest’s COVID-19 Response
The Board of Directors heard reports about the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on Advant- est’s business, and discussed it.
   63 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 64
  
            Audit System / Nomination and Compensation Committee / Others
Audit System
Advantest transitioned to the status of a company with an Audit and Supervisory Committee on June 2 4, 2 0 1 5. In accordance with our audit policy and audit plan and divi- sion of duties, Audit and Supervisory Committee members attend important meetings such as the Board of Directors, Managing Executive Officers Committee, Internal Control Committee, Compliance Committee, and Disclosure Committee, hear reports on the execution of duties from the directors and executive officers responsible, inspect important decision documents, investigate the status of operations and assets of the head office and major sub- sidiaries in Japan and overseas, and also audit the perfor- mance of executive officers, and other business execution organizations in cooperation with the Audit Office and oth- er internal control departments. The Audit and Supervisory Committee consists of one internal director and two ex- ternal directors. The Audit and Supervisory Committee im- plements its audit and supervisory functions by attending important meetings, collecting information by listening to business reports from the executive departments, and strengthening cooperation with our accounting auditor and the internal audit department. One full-time member has been named to the Audit and Supervisory Committee to improve the quality of its work. Mr. Yuichi Kurita, inside di- rector and Audit and Supervisory Committee Member, has many years of experience as an officer in charge of corpo- rate planning, finance and management of the Company. Another member of the Audit and Supervisory Committee, Ms. Sayaka Sumida, is an outside director who works as a certified public accountant at an audit corporation. Both have experience and sufficient financial and accounting knowledge. In addition, Mr. Koichi Nanba, an outside di- rector and Audit and Supervisory Committee Member, has extensive knowledge of legal affairs. Mr. Kurita chairs the Audit and Supervisory Committee. Outside directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members attend meetings of the Internal Control Committee and participate in on-site audits of business execution departments con- ducted by the full-time Audit and Supervisory Committee member as necessary to actively audit and supervise the status of business execution of the company. In addition, the Audit and Supervisory Committee collaborates with our accounting auditor, the Audit Office and other internal control departments, and the Audit & Supervisory Board Members of Advantest Group companies, ensuring op- portunities for exchanging opinions and communication.
With regard to internal audits, we have established an Audit Office, and multiple dedicated employees routinely monitor the maintenance and operation status of the com- pany’s internal controls, as well as identifying problems, pointing out issues, and making recommendations for im- provement.
Regarding accounting audits, Advantest has an audit contract with Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC and receives
prescribed audits. The certified public accountants who ex- ecuted Advantest’s accounting audit work in FY2019 are Mr. Makoto Usui, Mr. Akiyuki Matsumoto, and Mr. Keiichi Wakimoto. All of them have continuously performed Ad- vantest’s audits for up to seven years. In addition, assis- tants performing Advantest’s accounting audit work consist mainly of certified public accountants and include those with specialized knowledge, such as system experts.
Nomination and Compensation Committee
Advantest has established the Nomination and Compen- sation Committee as a non-mandatory organization, which complements the Board of Directors, to decide on the ap- pointment, selection, and dismissal of Directors and Exec- utive Officers, and to determine their compensation. The Nomination and Compensation Committee is responsible for the functions of both the Nomination Committee and the Compensation Committee. The Nomination and Compensation Committee is responsible for improving the fairness, rationality and transparency of the appointment, selection, and dismissal of Directors and Executive Offi- cers and of their compensation.
The Nomination and Compensation Committee is com- posed of members selected from among the directors by resolution of the Board of Directors. To incorporate an in- dependent perspective, the majority of the members are outside directors. The Human Resources Department serves as the secretariat of the Nomination and Compen- sation Committee.
Main Discussion Agenda of the Nomination and Compensation Committee in 2019
The current members of the Committee are Toshimitsu Urabe, Koichi Nanba and Yoshiaki Yoshida. Toshimitsu Urabe is the chairman.
Regarding directors and executive officers, the Nomina- tion and Remuneration Committee shall comply with the policy and procedures for appointment, selection, and dis- missal of directors and executive officers established by the Board of Directors, and shall recommend persons as candidates to the Board of Directors who will contribute to a sustainable level of business development and enhance- ment of corporate value over the mid-to-long term. In addition, regarding outside directors, in addition to the
aforementioned the policy and procedures, the “Indepen- dence Criteria for Outside Directors” established by the Board of Directors shall also apply. Candidates recom- mended to the Board of Directors have a wealth of knowl- edge and be expected to contribute positively to the Board of Directors.
Appointment and Selection Criteria for Outside
Directors
The Committee comprehensively considers the personali- ty, concurrent status as a director of other companies, the number of years as an outside director of the Company, etc., to select candidates from among those who meet the independence criteria established by Advantest and have any of the following qualifications:
Person with legal expertise, such as a lawyer Person who has experience in corporate man- agement
Person who has considerable knowledge of fi- nance and accounting
Person who has knowledge and experience in industries related to Advantest’s business such as semiconductor-related industries
Person who has extensive experience in re- search and development
Others who have background or ability equiva- lent to the above items
Managing Executive Officers Committee
The Managing Executive Officers Committee is made up of executive officers and higher, and deliberates on a cer- tain number of important matters as decided by executive organizations. Since Advantest has a number of non-Japa- nese managing executive officers, discussions incorporate each country’s perspective and reflect various opinions. Meetings are held about twice a month, mainly in the form of web conferences.
Internal Control Committee
The Internal Control Committee identifies important risks for the entire Group and analyzes them. At the same time, it has clarified which departments are responsible for each risk, and policies and procedures for dealing with them. The Internal Control Committee consists of 23 members, including Unit Leaders and administration department personnel. One member is an outside lawyer who acts as advisor. In addition, outside directors can participate as observers.
Compliance Committee
The Compliance Committee promotes compliance activi- ties, including education for employees provides educa- tion on human rights issues, and handles consultations and complaints. The Compliance Committee consists of nine members, one of whom is an outside lawyer.
Disclosure Committee
The Disclosure Committee oversees proper disclosure by the company. The Disclosure Committee consists of 26 members, including Unit Leaders.
Sustainable Management Promotion Working Group
The Sustainable Management Promotion Working Group helps each business division incorporate policies related to ESG/the SDGs into the strategies it formulates on the ba- sis of policies and priority measures enacted by high- er-ranking organizations such as the Managing Executive Officers Committee, and supports the business divisions in carrying out activities in line with the PDCA cycle. It con- sists of 40 members, chiefly the leaders of all business di- visions, including four executive directors.
Risk Management Committee
The Risk Management Committee is responsible for for- mulating measures to respond to the possibility of events such as disasters and other incidents that would make it difficult to continue business, and any possibility of harm to our employees, as well as the possibility of scandals that lead to social problems. The Committee consists of 18 members, including executive officers, general manag- ers, deputy general managers, business managers, and functional members, and is chaired by the president.
In FY2019, the Committee confirmed the safety of em- ployees during and after Typhoon Hagibis and executed Advantest’s overall COVID-19 response.
Introduction Our Strategy Our Performance Sustainability Governance Information
 Discussion of director and executive officer candidates
Fixed remuneration, performance-linked bo- nuses, stock compensation levels, and future plans
The advisor system
Discussion of appointment contracts for direc- tors and executive officers
 65 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 66

            Compensation and the General Meeting of Shareholders
Design of Compensation to increase Corporate Values
Compensation Policy and Process
Compensation for directors and executive officers is de- scribed in “Policies and procedures for determining Com- pensation for directors and executive officers,” as follows. Compensation consists of fixed compensation, bonuses, and stock compensation linked to business performance, in proportions deliberated on by the Nomination and Com- pensation Committee and decided by the Board of Direc- tors. Directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members and outside directors receive only fixed com- pensation.
Policies and Procedures for Determining
Compensation for Directors and Executive Officers
1. Purpose
Regarding the compensation of directors and executive officers, this policy has been devised so as to contribute to the sustainable development of the Group, improve- ment of corporate value over the medium to long term, contribution to shareholder profits, hiring and retention of excellent management resources, and optimization of motivation.
2. Compensation Structure and Decision Policy
Compensation for directors (excluding directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members) and exec- utive officers is structured to best achieve the purpose defined in 1. above, consisting of 1) fixed compensa- tion, 2) performance-based bonuses, and 3) stock com- pensation. The amount and ratio of these shall be set appropriately. In consideration of the role and
General Meeting of Shareholders as a Venue for Dialogue with Shareholders
We regard the General Meeting of Shareholders as an op- portunity for dialogue with our shareholders. In 2020, we prioritized COVID-19 safety precautions to ensure the safety of our shareholders and their families, holding the event at a larger venue than usual so that shareholders could feel at ease. In addition, for shareholders who could not attend in person, for the first time we posted video of the business reports delivered at the meeting on our web- site, enabling shareholders to access them on demand. Going forward, we will continue to take into consideration the fact that some shareholders may find it difficult to at- tend in person, and enable a greater number of sharehold- ers to participate, by providing more open access to general meetings of shareholders.
independence of outside directors, only fixed compen- sation shall be paid them.
(1) Regarding fixed compensation, the Committee shall refer to external objective data and set it at an appropri- ate level according to the duties and responsibilities that executives carry out.
(2) Positioning performance-based bonuses as a short- term incentive, the Committee calculates them based on performance indicators such as sales, operating margin, net income, and ROE of the Group.
(3) Stock compensation is positioned as a long-term in- centive and a way of sharing value with shareholder. Stock options and performance-linked stock compen- sation are granted on the basis of comprehensive con- sideration of performance trends, business environment, stock price levels, etc. With regard to perfor- mance-based stock compensation, the number of shares received will fluctuate based on performance in- dicators such as sales, operating margin, net income, and ROE of the Group for three consecutive fiscal years.
3. Compensation Decision Procedure
Compensation for directors (excluding directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members) and exec- utive officers shall be discussed by the Nomination and Compensation Committee based on consultation with the Board of Directors and will be proposed to the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors shall discuss proposals from the Nomination and Compensation Committee and determine compensation. The remuner- ation of directors who are Audit and Supervisory Com- mittee members will be determined through consultation with directors who are Audit and Supervisory Commit- tee members.
Upper Limits on Director Compensation
Introduction Our Strategy Our Performance Sustainability
Governance
Information
 Fixed compensation
 Performance-linked stock compensation
 Stock options
 Directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members (excluding outside directors)
Outside directors who are not Audit and Supervisory Committee members
Directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members
No more than JPY600 million per year*1
No more than JPY100 million per year*1
No more than JPY200 million per year*2
No more than JPY200 million per year*2
  N/A
   *1 By resolution of the 73rd Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 24, 2015 *2 By resolution of the 76th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 27, 2018
Directors Who Received Compensation of 100 Million yen or More and the Amount of Compensation Thereof (FY2019)
 Name
 Total Amount of Compensation (million JPY)
 Type of Officer
(As of March 31, 2020)
  Company Category
 Total Amount of Compensation by Type
Fixed- Compensation
Performance- linked Bonus
Stock Options
Performance- based Stock Renumeration
 Yoshiaki
Yoshida 149
Soichi 101 Tsukakoshi
Hans-Juergen
Wagner 138
Representative Director, President and CEO
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Managing Director
Advantest Corporation 60
Advantest Corporation 41
Advantest Corporation 10
Advantest Europe 57 GmbH
51 37 - 48
54 million yen
20 11 11
-
51 million yen
18 12 12
-
379 million yen
       Composition of Compensation for Directors (FY 2019)
Fixed-Compensation
Inside
Directors who are not audit and supervisory committee members
Directors who are audit and supervisory committee members
Outside
Independent Directors
Performance-linked Bonus
Number of Persons Eligible
5 persons
1 persons
7 persons
Stock Options
42million yen
Total
49million yen
Performance-based Stock Remuneration
 Total
 153million yen
 121million yen
Total
* There were five Outside Directors as of March 31, 2020, but the above compensation amounts and numbers include one inside director and two outside directors who stepped down on June 26, 2019.
 67 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 68

            11 Year Financial Highlights
Advantest corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries Each fiscal year beginning on April 1
Fiscal year
US GAAP
FY2011 (2012/3)
IFRS
Introduction
Our Strategy
Our Performance
Sustainability
Governance
Information
  U
U
n
n
i
i
t
t
:
:
M
M
i
i
l
l
l
l
i
i
o
o
n
n
y
y
e
e
n
n
    Financial Results
Performance-related data
FY2009 (2010/3)
FY2010 (2011/3)
FY2012 (2013/3)
FY2013 (2014/3)
FY2014 (2015/3)
FY2015 (2016/3)
FY2016 (2017/3)
F
70.6 33.6 43 158
83 192 (2.8) (27.6)
F
8
(
(
)
2
2
Y
Y
0
0
2
2
1
1
0
0
8
8
1
1
/
/
7
7
F
3
3
)
)
(
F
(
2
2
Y
Y
0
0
2
2
1
1
0
0
9
9
1
1
/
/
8
3
3
)
(
9
(
2
2
0
0
2
2
0
0
1
/
/
  Net sales 53,225
99,634 141,048
132,903 111,878
163,803 162,111 155,916 207,223 282,456 275,894
Grossprofifit 25,928 48,470 68,748 68,920 49,333 91,755 91,475 89,740 106,588 154,039 156,497
Selling, general and administrative expenses*1 37,567
42,359 67,911
68,840 85,702
74,897 78,878 75,835 82,101 89,377 97,789
Operatingincome (11,639)
6,111 837 80 (36,369)
16,858 12,597 13,905 24,487 64,662 58,708
EBITDA*2 (7,325)
10,320 7,675
8,143 (28,101)
21,588 17,562 19,063 29,511 69,629 69,600
Income (loss) before income taxes
Cash flflows from investing activities Free cash flflows*3
Fiscal year-end
Total assets
Information per share
(9,926)
10,824 (6,922)
188,663
5,551
(5,828) (6,521)
180,312
(3,442)
(37,670) (25,368)
219,226
(12.67) 15.0
31.6 0.6 48.1 21.5 68 126 (1.6) 79
2011 4.3 2,000
(1,293)
(11,498) (13,713)
225,515
(22.03) 20.0
29.0 0.1 51.8 24.9 81 172
(35,501)
(4,711) (8,487)
229,856
(204.10) 15.0
24.2 (32.5) 76.6 29.2
20,767
(1,310) 23,171
233,237
87.67 15.0
35.9 10.3 45.7 18.0
47 143 18.5 108
2014 3.6 1,950
11,767
(2,395) 5,333
210,451
35.38 20.0
36.1 7.8 48.6 19.3 50 163 6.9 121
2015 3.5 1,650
15,022
(3,521) 12,312
231,603
73.95 25.0
35.3 8.9 48.7 20.0 52 186 14.0 108
2016 3.4 2,000
24,282
(2,329) 25,925
254,559
92.69 32.0
46.5 11.8 39.6 16.2
50 137 15.5 111
2017 3.9 2,200
66,211
(15,915) 28,877
304,580
287.37 92.0
61.0 22.9 31.6 13.4
50 132 35.3 110
2018 3.6 2,550
58,574
(38,819) 27,656
355,777
268.96 82.0
54.7 21.3 35.4 14.5 109 162 24.9 109
2.9 2,700
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of the parent (11,454)
3,163 (2,195)
(3,821) (35,540)
16,753 6,694 14,201 18,103 56,993 53,532
Cash flflows from operating activities (17,746)
(693) 12,302
(2,215) (3,776)
24,481 7,728 15,833 28,254 44,792 66,475
Cash flflows from fifinancing activities (1,803)
(12,028) 9,887
(2,914) 27,202
(1,298) (13,531) (1,002) (15,237) (13,724) (17,916)
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 96,439
 75,323 58,218
 45,668 68,997
  97,574 85,430 95,324 103,973 119,943 127,703
  Shareholders’ equity 150,242
138,132 131,552
141,241 116,252
101,810 93,619 109,517 124,610 198,731 231,452
    Basic earnings (loss) per share (¥) (64.09)
18.03 (12.67)
(22.03) (204.10)
96.15 38.35 81.07 101.94 302.35 270.12
Diluted earnings (loss) per share (¥)
DividendperShare 10.0 10.0
Unit:¥
Unit:%
(64.09)
18.03
31.5 6.1 42.5 21.3 42 131 2.2 85
2010 5.4 2,200
Shareholders’ equity per share (¥) 840.65
797.20 759.22
812.70 667.36
583.28 536.28 619.33 696.04 1,004.53 1,166.51
Number of shares issued at year-end 199,566,770
 199,566,770 199,566,770
 199,566,770 199,566,770
  199,566,770 199,566,770 199,566,770 199,566,770 199,566,770 199,566,770
      Management indicator
Net sales per employee (¥100 million) 16.9 OperatingIncomeMargin (21.9)
Overseas net sales as a % of total net sales 77.5
77.5 88.6
89.4 89.1
92.0 92.0 88.2 93.2 94.7 94.6
Gross profifit margin 48.7
48.6 48.7
51.9 44.1
56.0 56.4 57.6 51.4 54.5 56.7
Net income ratio (21.5)
3.2 (1.6)
(2.9) (31.8)
10.2 4.1 9.1 8.7 20.2 19.4
SG&A ratio to sales
R&D as a % of total net sales
Depreciation and Amortization (¥100 million)
Cash conversion cycle (day)
ROE (7.3)
R&D Expenses (¥100 million) 17,896
21,197 30,303
33,062 32,670
29,507 31,298 31,170 33,540 37,852 40,070
Capital Expenditures 34
38 70
126 56
42 40 48 54 66 99
EBITDA margin (13.8)
10.4 5.4
6.1 (25.1)
13.2 10.8 12.2 14.2 24.7 25.2
Shareholders’ equity ratio 79.6
76.6 60.0
62.6 50.6
43.7 44.5 47.3 49.0 65.2 65.1
Dividend payout ratio —
55.5 —
— —
15.6 52.2 30.8 31.4 30.4 30.4
US Dollar to Yen exchange rate
Global real GDP grouwth (Source: IMF) %
SoC tester market size (Source: Advantest) Million US dollar
92
2009 (0.1) 900
83
2012 3.5 2,050
100
2013 3.5 1,450
Euro to Yen exchange rate 131
 113 111
 105 133
  140 133 119 129 129 121
  2019
9
3
3
)
)
Wourldwide semiconductor sales (Source: WSTS) Billion US dollar 226
298 300
292 306
336 335 339 412 469 412
Memory tester market size (Source: Advantest) Million US dollar 200
 600 550
 450 420
  420 470 470 750 1,150 650
  *1 Selling, general and administrative expenses from the fifiscal year ended March 31, 2015 are composed of selling, general and administrative expenses, other income/expenses. Figures until the fifiscal year ended March 31, 2014 consist of research and development expenses, selling, general and administrative expenses, restructuring and impairment charges.
*2 EBITDA= Operating income + Depreciation and amortization, EBITDA margin = EBITDA/Sales *3 Free cash flflows= Cash flflows from operating activities - Cash flflows from investing activities
F
F
Y
Y
2
2
0
0
1
 69 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 70

            Sustainability Accounting Standard Board (SASB) Disclosures
Advantest corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries Each fiscal year beginning on April 1
The Advantest Group reports sustainability related information based on the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards to amplify and focus our practice of rigorous disclosure. SASB standards are to help businesses around the world identify, manage and report on the sustainability topics that matter most to our investors. And it can help inves- tors by encouraging report that is comparable within an industry. Some accounting metrics do not apply to Advantest’s business activities in Japan, but in view of the purpose of these standards, we have endeavored to disclose as much infor- mation as possible.
Introduction
Our Strategy
Our Performance
Sustainability
Governance
Information
   FY2019 (2020/3)
  TOPIC ACCOUNTING METRIC SASB Code CATEGORY UNIT OF MEASURE
Green Gas Emmissions
Energy Management in Manufacturing
Water management
Waste Management
Employee Health & Safety
Recruiting & Manag- ing a Global & Skilled Workforce
Product Lifecycle Management
Materials Sourcing
Intellectual Property Protection & Competi- tive Behavior
(1) Gross global Scope 1 emissions
(1) Total energy consumed
(3) Percentage renewwable
(2) Total water consumed, percentage of each in regions with High or Ex- tremely High Baseline Water Stress
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associ- ated with employee health and safety violations
(1) Foreign nationals
Percentage of products by revenue that contain IEC 62474 declarable substances
Description of the management of risks associated with the use of crit- ical materials
Totalproduction
TC-SC-110a.1
TC-SC-130a.1
TC-SC-130a.1
TC-SC-140a.1
TC-SC-150a.1
TC-SC-320a.2
TC-SC-330a.1
TC-SC-410a.1
TC-SC-440a.1
Quantitative
Quantitative
Quantitative
Quantitative
Quantitative
Quantitative
Quantitative
Quantitative
Discussion and Analysis
Metric tons(t) CO2-e
FY2014 (2015/3)
3,755
FY2015 (2016/3)
3,880
FY2016 (2017/3)
3,824
FY2017 (2018/3)
3,811
FY2018 (2019/3)
4,671
4,471
(2) Amount of total emissions from perflfluorinated compunds TC-SC-110a.1 Quantitative Metric tons(t) CO2-e
   2,384 1,085 939 339 156 177
    Gigajoules(GJ) 683,021 685,503 735,810 770,186 843,788 887,610
(2) Percentage grid electricity TC-SC-130a.1 Quantitative %
76 76 78 79 79 66
%
%
%
¥
%
%
—
14 14 12 12 11 26
0 0 0 0 0 0
   (1) Total water withdrenergy consumed TC-SC-140a.1 Quantitative Thousand cubic meters (m3)
  283 280 288 249 281 261
   Amount of hazardous waste from manufacturing, percentage recycled
TC-SC-150a.1 Quantitative Metric tons (t)
  17.4 7.1 7.7 6.4 10.1 11.9
100.0 100.0
0 0
74.1
957,552
100.0 100.0
99.9
   Description of efforts to assess, monitor, and reduce exposure of employ- TC-SC-320a.1 Discussion and — ees to human health hazards Analysis
   Advantest conducts risk management for the health and safety of our employees. (For details please refer to: https://www.advantest.com/ja/sustainability/safety)
0 0 0
   Percentage of employees that are
  7 8 8 8 8 9
(2) Located offshore TC-SC-330a.1 Quantitative %
   0 0 0 0 0 0
  84 82 81 85
Advantest conduct risk management for the use of critical materials.
(For details please refer to: https://www.advantest.com/ja/sustainability/procurement)
89 85
Processor energy effificiency at a system-level for: (1) servers, (2) desk- TC-SC-410a.2 Quantitative Various, by product tops, and (3) laptops category
   n / a
     Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings asso- ciated with anticompetitive behavior regulations
TC-SC-520a.1 Quantitative ¥
     0 0 0 0 0 0
  TC-SC-000.A Quantitative Output
1,031 968 1,116 1,891 2,270 2,065
   Percentage of production from owned facilities TC-SC-000.B Quantitative %
     39 50 39 45 53 39
   71 ADVANTEST CORPORATION
 Integrated Annual Report 2020 72

                                                                                  Commentary: The Semiconductor Supply Chain and Semiconductor Test
AI assistants
TV
Introduction
Our Strategy Our Performance Sustainability
Governance
Information
         Home appliances
Airplanes
Data center
Security cameras
Artfificial satellites
Industrial robots
UAV/Drones
Base stations
         The Semiconductor Supply Chain: Horizontal Disintegration
Semiconductors used in all kinds of products, such as mobile phones, computers, home appliances, automo- biles, and industrial equipment, have become indispensable to our lives. The global semiconductor mar- ket is valued at over $400 billion.
Manufacturing technology for semiconductors is evolving very quickly, and there are many specialized design and contract manufacturing companies working to respond to these advances. In the past, semiconductor design, manu- facturing, and even the manufacture of semiconductor production equipment were all carried out in-house by semiconductor manufacturers--vertical integration. Howev- er, as the design circuits increased in scale and manufacturing technology became more complex, the financial burden of semiconductor development and capital investment increased, and the supply chain was gradually disintegrated across a horizontal global network of special- ized providers. Today’s semiconductor industry is dominated by “pure-play” foundries and “fabless” design companies.
Wafer Process
Single Crystal Silicon Growth Slicing the Ingot Wafer Polishing
Oxidation Photoresist Coating
Planarization
Oxidation/Diffusion/CVD/Ion Implantation
Metal Deposition
Wafer Testing
Test Systems Device Interfaces
Circuit & Pattern Design
Photomask Making
MVM-SEM
Photolithography
Package Process Wafer Process
Wafer Dicing Die Mounting Wire Bonding Molding Trimming & Forming
Test head sends electrical signals to devices
Input
IC IC IC
Semiconductor test includes various test items such as checking for poor connections and short circuits, check- ing input / output voltage / current values, verifying logic circuit operations, and switch timing. Semiconductor test equipment integrates the electronic measurement func- tions required to test these items into test systems. Furthermore, since test systems are usually used in semi- conductor factories, it is essential for them to provide both advanced measurement technology and mass pro- duction technology that can test large numbers of semiconductor devices efficiently.
Semiconductor test equipment contributes to the growth of the entire semiconductor industry and to society in general by supporting the automatic, high-volume, time- ly, and economical production of semiconductors manufactured with advanced technology.
Smart homes
Semiconductor Production Equipment Manufacturers
Semiconductor production involves hundreds of process- es, including pattern exposure and etching. The fundamental technologies required for each process are diverse, including applied chemistry, material engineering, and electronic engineering, and each process uses equip- ment provided by semiconductor production equipment (SPE) manufacturers possessing specialized technology and expertise. SPE manufacturers who possess different processes and fundamental technologies also act as part- ners, cooperating to create advanced processes.
Game consoles
Smart factories
  Smartphones
The Necessity of Semiconductor Test
Semiconductors that push the limits of nanometer-based technology are not always perfect. In addition to poor cir- cuit connections and short circuits, operating voltage and timing flaws may prevent them from performing their func- tions. Especially with semiconductors made using state- of-the-art processes, product quality can vary significantly until the manufacturing process matures.
The test process is the only process in the long semi- conductor manufacturing process whose purpose is to ensure that the products work as designed. In addition to diagnosing good and defective products, it is also possible to classify performance (grading) according to the level of electrical signals and analyze the content of defects, so that test results can be used to improve other design and manufacturing processes.
Personal computers Semiconductor Test Equipment
Automobiles
         Transfer machine (Prober, Handler)
Device interface
Test system mainframe
Test system test head
Transfer machine sorts devices 6 according to test results
PASS IC IC
IC
         Design/ Evaluation
Fabless
Wafer process
IDM
Assembly/ Test
E-Beam Lithography
Package Process
Burn-in Test
Burn-in Tester
Final Test / Reliability Test
  Intel, Samsung, etc.
Qualcomm, Broadcom, etc.
TSMC, Samsung, etc.
ASE, Akor, etc.
Loop
Etching
Test Systems Device Interfaces Test Handlers
   *Integrated Device Manufacturer
    *Outsourced Semiconductor Assembly and Test
OSAT
Foundry
Marking
Finish
   Workflow from test program design through to production test
       1
Write a test program (Reference) from the IC design data.
Test handler places devices 2 on device interface
IC IC IC
3
Transfer machine applies appropriate temperature to the devices
IC IC IC
4
5
Tester compares output signals from the devices to reference values and grades them as pass or fail.
Input
IC IC IC
       73
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Integrated Annual Report 2020 74
Reference
Output
Reference
FAIL

                                                                                                                                      Global Network
   (As of March 31, 2020)
  Boeblingen (Germany) Munich (Germany)
Amerang (Germany)
Cheonan (South Korea)
       Shanghai (China)
Penang (Malaysia)
        Europe (Germany, Italy, France, Israel)
  Employees
Number of subsidiaries
819 4
     Singapore (Singapore)
  Employees Total 5,503 Number of subsidiaries Total 32
Asia
Employees
Number of subsidiaries
(Singapore, Malaysia, Philippines,Thailand, Vietnam, South Korea,Taiwan, China, India)
1,109 15
     75
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Head office Regional headquarters Major R&D facilities Major factories Sales & Service locations
      Japan
Introduction
Our Strategy
Our Performance Sustainability Governance Information
  North America
(U.S.A., Canada, Costa Rica)
963 6
Employees
Number of subsidiaries
  Advantest Laboratories Ltd.
Advantest Finance Inc.
Advantest Kyushu Systems Co., Ltd.
Advantest Component, Inc.
San Jose (U.S.A.)
  Gunma R&D Center Gunma Factory
Head office (Tokyo)
Hsinchu (Taiwan)
Major Subsidiaries
Saitama R&D Center
       Japan
Employees
Number of subsidiaries
2,612 7
  Name
Location
Principal business
        Advanfacilities Co., Ltd.
Saitama, Japan
        Overseas
Advantest America, Inc.
Advantest Europe GmbH
 Advantest (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
Advantest Korea Co., Ltd.
Advantest Taiwan Inc.
Advantest (China) Co., Ltd.
  Advantest (M) Sdn. Bhd.
Miyagi, Japan
Tokyo, Japan
Fukuoka, Japan
Miyagi, Japan
California, U.S.A.
Munich, Germany
Singapore
Cheonan, Korea
Hsinchu, Taiwan
Shanghai, China
Penang, Malaysia
Providing welfare services
Research and development of measuring and testing technologies
Leasing of the Company’s products and sales of used products
Development, sales and support of the Company’s products
Development and manufacturing of the parts
Development and sales of the Company’s products
Development and sales of the Company’s products
Sales of the Company’s products
Support for sales of the Company’s products
Sales of the Company’s products
Support for sales of the Company’s products
Manufacturing of the Company’s products
   Integrated Annual Report 2020 76

           Corporate Overview / Stock Information
As of March 31, 2020
Corporate Overview
  Registered Name Head Office
URL
Established Capital
No. of Employees Business Description
ADVANTEST CORPORATION
Shin Marunouchi Center Bldg., 1-6-2, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0005
https://www.advantest.com/
December 1954
32,363 million yen
5,503 (lnclude temporary employees.)
Semiconductor and Component Test System Business, Mechatronics System Business, Services, Support and Others
Stock Information
Fiscal Year
Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders
No. of Issuable Shares
Major Shareholders
April 1 through March 31 June
440,000,000
No. of Shares Outstanding Number of Shareholders
199,566,770 36,520
Breakdown of Shareholders
Financial Institutions and Securities Companies Non-Japanese Holders
Introduction
Our Strategy
Our Performance
Sustainability
Governance
Information
On the Publication of Advantest’s Integrated Annual Report 2020
 Since we published our first integrated annual report in October 2019, we have received feedback from a wide range of stakeholders. In addition, the process of producing the integrated report also pointed up ar- eas for improvement. Based on these, we have made some revisions to the Integrated Annual Report 2020.
First, we thoroughly reviewed our treatment of ma- teriality, examined management issues and strength- ened our responses, and clarified our engagement with important topical issues such as climate change, as well as the measures we are taking on each item and the departments responsible for them. Key strat- egies and themes have been defined for each materi- ality item, based on the “six commitments” set forth in our mid- to long-term management policy.
In addition, regarding the Sustainability Report that Advantest published until last year, the details of our
Yasuo Mihashi
Managing Executive Officer, Executive Vice President, Corporate Planning & Stakeholder Relations Group
past achievements and activities have been newly summarized in a “Sustainability Data Book,” and our discussion of future policies and measures related to sustainability has been incorporated into the Integrat- ed Annual Report. As a result, the Integrated Annual Report has become a “one-stop handbook solution” for stakeholders to understand our corporate value, including non-financial information.
Social and economic uncertainty is increasing due to the COVID-19 pandemic and friction between the United States and China, but our purpose in issuing an integrated report to tell our value creation story remains unchanged. We will continue to dialogue with stakeholders and strive for ever clearer and more proactive information disclosure.Name
Number of Shares (in thousand)
Percentage of Ownership (%)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account) Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account) NORTHERN TRUST CO. (AVFC) SUB A/C NON TREATY Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd. (investment trust account) Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account 4)
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385151
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account 5) STATE STREET BANK WEST CLIENT - TREATY 505234 SSBTC CLIENT OMNIBUS ACCOUNT
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account 7)
6,061 3.04
5,146 2.58
3,889 1.95
3,444 1.73
3,028 1.52 25 50.49 2,995 1.50
1.02 23.64
21.34
54.00
2016
1.03 21.36
30.81
46.80
2017
1.25 1.15 10.77 8.60
31.54 34.46
56.44 55.79
2018 2019
TOPIX (Yen)
(%)
52,246 26.26 100 1.32
23,533 11.82 28.71
75
50
0
Others Entities and Treasury Shares
Individuals and Others
             2,376 1.19
2,317 1.16
19.48
2015
   (Notes) 1. Number of Shares is rounded down to the nearest thousand.
2. The number of treasury shares (614,239 shares) that Advantest owns does not
include Advantest shares which the Board Incentive Plan Trust owns (57 thousand shares) and Advantest shares which the Employee Stock Ownership Plan Trust owns (214 thousand shares).
3. Percentage of Ownership is rounded down to the second decimal place.
Share Prices and Volume
Advantest, a Preferred Sustainability Investment External Evaluation (2019-2020)
Selected for the FTSE4Good Index Series, a series of benchmark and tradable indexes for ESG (Environmental, Social and Gover- nance) investors
Selected for the FTSE Blossom Japan Index, which measures the performance of Japanese companies that demonstrate strong Envi- ronmental, Social and Governance (ESG) practices
Selected as a constituent stock of the SNAM Sustainability Index, which combines ESG value and stock valuation
Selected for the MSCI Japan Equity Women’s Empowerment Index (WIN) and MSCI Japan Equity Women’s Empowerment Index (WIN) Select
Ranked first in VLSIresearch’s annual customer satisfaction survey, after ranking in the “10 BEST” for 32 consecutive years
Received Environmental Human Resources Development Corporate Awards “Encouragement Award”
Publication Policy and Request for Feedback
Advantest’s Integrated Annual Report 2020 includes comprehensive information on our ESG management, in addition to financial information such as business performance, sales activities, and our mid-term management plan. The first report was published in 2019, making the 2020 edition our second integrated annual report. We would deeply appreciate comments and feedback to help us make the 2021 edition even better.
Share Prices and Volume
Share Price of Advantest (Yen)
Volume (Million Stocks)
                               Contact
Corporate Communications Division
TEL +81-3-3214-7500 FAX +81-3-3214-7711 https://www.advantest.com/contact
     77 ADVANTEST CORPORATIONIntegrated Annual Report 2020 78