Advantest regards the ideal form of the materiality catego- ry of human resources as “Learning Organization.” The fol- lowing two points are our priority strategies and themes for this category.
In fiscal 2019, we held workshops on The Advantest Way globally to create conditions for better communication with all stakeholders and more effective coworking.
Among other human resources initia- tives, Advantest Engineering Friday (AEF) was inaugurated in October 2019 as a venue for the software division to continuously share their thoughts and opinions. Young people and vet- erans meet regularly on Friday afternoons for mutual study, creating their own community in parallel with our organiza- tion. AEF is also actively used as a venue to support awareness through one-on-one dialogue, and several small subcommittees have been created. It is accelerating the learning cycle of each participant, and improving our organizational flexibility.

In February 2020, we built a trial environment for employ- ees to take MOOCs (Massive Open Online Courses) on topics related to AI. Through Coursera, 42 students took deep learning and machine learning courses offered by well-known universities and organizations such as Stanford University, and 37 of them received diplomas. Programming skills and English proficiency were also required to solve problems, so students worked together to help each oth- er, which has helped to improve our engineers’ abilities. In the future, we will not only encourage more new employ- ees and other employees to take these courses, but will also build environments that help them to use what they have learned in their work.

Software technology and development methods are lit- erally changing day by day. What really brought that home to me was when I attended an external seminar and heard that “Japanese software development is 10 years behind.” It is now common knowledge that thanks to the advance of IT technology, information can be exchanged instantly, and yesterday’s state-of-the-art technology will be replaced by something else today. On the other hand, how long does it take us to provide new software to our customers? ... I couldn’t stand to think about it!
Around that time, a chat with a manager led to the creation of Advantest Engineering Friday (AEF). AEF is an organizational effort to support ongoing em- ployee grow. It is difficult to educate people, so we created an environment where people can educate themselves. Sessions can be held on multiple themes, and participants are free to join any session. They can also communicate across departments. The aim is for them to be able to talk to someone when they come up with something, find compan- ions to try it out with, and share their anxieties and thoughts freely.