(3) Reduction of CO2 Emissions Through Green Product DevelopmentGreenhouse gases (GHG) emitted through the use of our products account for approximately 63% of total emis- sions from our value chain (parts procurement, manufac- turing, in-use and disposal). Therefore, we are prioritizing the development of green (environmentally friendly) products.
Hitherto, we have assumed a +2°C scenario for global warming, and have considered reducing CO2 emissions 30% by 2030 and 51% by 2050. We have now reset our targets to a 30% reduction by 2030 and an 80% reduction by 2050, based on the October 2019 revision of the SBT standards, which now call for a temperature rise of “well below” 2°C (in comparison to the pre-industrial era). To reduce after-market emissions from our products, which account for 6 3% of GHG (Scope3) emissions across our entire supply chain, the product development division is playing a central role in developing green products.

Customers Demand Environmental Performance. New Goals Based on SBT Boost It.
As Moore’s Law implies, the semiconductor manufactur- ing process continually evolves, and the number of circuits integrated onto a single chip is increasing year by year.
In addition, semiconductors are indispensable for the evolution of 5G and other information technologies, and the production volume of these devices is increasing. Great numbers of semiconductors are also being used in automobiles and medical equipment, where test-guaran- teed reliability is even more essential. As a result, the number of tests conducted is increasing exponentially, and customers are seeking greater test efficiency (increas- ing test speed and parallel test capability) for each new generation of semiconductors.
CO2 reduction and contribution to the SDGs are now essential aspects of business. Advantest believes that im- proving the performance of our testers to meet the technical requirements of our customers can also contrib- ute to the reduction of CO2 emissions. We use “power consumption per test” as our basic unit to evaluate power performance, and aim to increase test frequency without increasing power. We are working to reduce power con- sumption per test, and thus CO2 emissions per test, by increasing the test frequency multiplied by pin count, or the test frequency multiplied by parallel measurement count, without increasing power consumption.
For example, if we quadruple the “test frequency x pin count” while less than doubling power consumption, we halve CO2 emissions per test.
Hitherto, our technology and development roadmap re- ferred mainly to customer trends and the now-defunct International Technology Roadmap for Semiconductors (ITRS). We are now introducing a new SBT-based CO2 emissions re- duction target, which informs our long-term technical targets for 2030. We are continuing to formulate our 2050 targets.
