The Advantest Group recognizes that health and safety management is one of the most important aspects of business ac- tivities. We actively and continuously conduct health and safety activities based on the Advantest Group Occupational Health and Safety Basic Policy.
In FY2019, we maintained the health and safety of our employees along the following two axes:
(1) Health Management Promotion
Having decided to introduce health management to maintain and improve the health of our employ-
ees, we declared our Health and Productivity Management (HPM) Policy in September 2019. Under
this policy, the company, our health insurance union, and our labor union work together to encourage
employees to get health checkups, improve the implementation rate of specific health guidance, and
operate a health portal website. As a result, Advantest was certified as a “Health Management Excellent Corporation 2020 (Large Corporation Category)” under the Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry’s Health Management Excel- lent Corporation Certification System.
Health and Productivity Management (HPM) Policy
In order to realize Advantest’s mission, we will strive to create a workplace where every employee can work in good health, both physically and mentally. We will contribute as a good corporate citizen to the creation of a sustainable future.
(2) COVID-19 Safety Measures
From the end of February 2020, the Crisis Management Headquarters took the lead in taking all possible measures to pre- vent infection based on the policy response of the government in each country where we operate. In Japan, we started telework on a trial basis in September 2017 in response to expected commuting difficulties associated with the Olympics, Paralympics, pandemics, and natural disasters, and established rules so that telework could be implemented in any de- partment. We have also globally introduced online meetings, and successfully transitioned our expenses accounting to a paperless system. Thus in April 2020, we were fully prepared to implement our telework system, and were able to smoothly shift to telework when the Japanese government declared a state of emergency over COVID-19.
As we got used to working from home, we relaxed some rules (such as prohibitions on taking materials to home or print- ing things out at home) to maintain employee productivity at as high a level as possible. This flexibility proves that our tele- work system could also be implemented in other situations such as natural disasters, which are now increasing in frequency.