Setting Research Themes with a View to the Era of 100-Year Life Expectancy
A key social issue in the so-called “era of 100-year life expec- tancy” is the theme of extending our healthy life expectancy, keeping ourselves in good health. At the Central Research Institute, we have established three research themes with a view to the era of 100-year life expectancy, based on our belief that we can improve the quality of day-to-day life by
improving our dietary lifestyles with tea. In addition to the outcomes obtained through our research, we also held the “ITO EN Health Forum” in May-and November 2019, and communicated information regarding the health benefits of tea, with the input of an outside expert.Three Research Themes
Major Research Outcomes
Revealing the Mechanism and Validating the Effectiveness of Green Tea / Matcha in Preventing Dementia
ITO EN Central Research Institute has conducted clini- cal trials in association with Shimadzu Corporation and MCBI Inc.—a start-up venture originated from the University of Tsukuba—targeting subjects with mild cognitive impairment (MCI), in order to validate the effects of matcha in preventing the onset of dementia. As a result of the trials, it was found that continuous con- sumption of powdered green tea containing large amounts of theanine (equivalent to a 2g serving of matcha for tea-serving use) inhibits decline in cognitive
function. Based on these research outcomes, we are working to develop products for the prevention of mild dementia, as a new possibility for green tea and matcha.
See page 34 for leaf tea and matcha products.
Initiatives Aimed at Preventing Illnesses in Everyday Life
Lifestyle diseases such as diabetes and hypertension (high blood pressure)—which are also considered to be closely related to dementia—are another major social issue. The ITO EN Central Research Institute has dem- onstrated that gallate-type catechins contained in green tea suppress the absorption of cholesterol and lower the amount of LDL (bad) cholesterol in the blood.1. Research topics on measures for combating super population aging2. Research topics on lifestyle-related diseases and prevention of illnesses in everyday life3. Research topics on the discoveries and the explanations of the DeliciousnessDiscovering and explaining the health benefits of matcha and theanine
· Preventing dementia with powdered green teaRevealing and explaining
the health benefits of tea catechins
· Suppressing the absorption of body fat · Reducing cholesterolRevealing the compatibility of tea with various dishes
· Synergy effects between tea and dashi (Japanese soup stock made of fish and kelp) and umami (the fifth savory taste after the sweet-, bitter-, salty- and sour tastes)“ITO EN Health Forum”
ITO EN held an event on the theme of health value of tea, entitled “ITO EN Health Forum: Wisdom for Living a Fulfilling Life in the Era of 100-Year Life Expectancy,” in order to communicate the health benefits of tea. Looking ahead, as a tea company, ITO EN will continue to appeal to consumers about the health value of tea, a key aspect of Japanese culture, and contribute to the health of customers.
For more details of the ITO EN Health Forum, please refer to the following URL.
https://itoen-forum.com/
 Opportunities to Learn
In terms of learning opportuni- ties, we held a panel discussion in which we invited a group of experts to discuss and consider smart ways of consuming tea and catechins in order to increase quality of life, such as during seasons where we are prone to become ill.
Opportunities to Experience
In terms of opportunities for hands-on experience, we offered a space where partici- pants could experience how to incorporate tea in their daily lives, based on the keyword “ochakatsu” (activities for enjoying tea in the daily life), and displayed exhibits intro- ducing our R&D efforts.
     ITO EN INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 19