Proposals to Support Healthy Lifestyles
Throughout its history, ITO EN has proposed products based on green tea—essentially the national drink of the Japanese people—to match customer lifestyle changes, drinking situations, and the needs of a wide range of age groups. In addition to supporting healthy lifestyle habits for customers
FFC (Food with Functional Claims) proposals: reducing body fat
Oi Ocha Koicha has been recognized for the action of the gallate-type catechins that it con-
tains, which give it the functional
property of reducing body fat.
Since its launch in 2004, ITO EN has sold a total of over 5 billion bottles of Oi Ocha Koicha, as a beverage that offers casual support for healthy lifestyle habits.
Supporting customers in their time at home:
#IeTimeOEN Project
In response to the increase in the number of customers working from home, and time spent at home in general as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, between May and June 2020, ITO EN launched the #IeTimeOEN initiative. In this initiative, ITO EN TEA TASTERs utilize digital technologies to stream informa- tion on enjoying tea and various tea-drinking situations.
ITO EN TEA TASTERs #IeTimeOEN Project
through this familiar beverage, we will also expand the range of high added-value products and services that we propose with respect to diversifying health problems and issues such as stress.
ITO EN’s first caffeine-free green tea beverage
In June 2020, ITO EN released caffeine-free
Oi Ocha Decaf, aimed at pregnant women and nursing mothers who want to limit their intake of caffeine, as well as young children and other such customers.
     Environmentally-friendly container- and packaging initiatives
       ITO EN has adopted Japan’s first* plant-derived biode- gradable filter for Oi Ocha Green Tea Teabags.
Oi Ocha microwaveable 345ml PET plastic bottles use 100% recy- cled plastic.
*The first single-chamber teabag (with gusset) in Japan.
See page 40 for ITO EN Group Medium- to Long-Term Environmental Goals.   Processes for Creating Shared Value (CSV)Originality and Strengths
Voice System enables all employees to make suggestions with regard to Product Planning and Development, etc.
Market-creation capabilities based on various “world first” and “industry first” products, and strong brand power
Development capabilities to develop products that make use of natural ingredients
Extensive lineup of products that contribute to healthy lifestyles for customersEnvironmental (E) and Social (S) Initiatives
Container and packaging recycling initiatives (recycled PET plastic bottles, biodegradable filters, eco-friendly containers, etc.)
“Ochakko-kai” events run by ITO EN TEA TASTERs, and other initiatives for creating opportunities for communication in disaster-stricken areas Supporting healthy and enriched lifestyles
Environmentally- friendly containers and packaging
 ITO EN INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 21