The Tea-Producing Region Development Project
The Tea-Producing Region Development Project consists of two key initiatives: cultivation under contract in existing production regions and the new tea plantations business, which begins with the creation of new tea plantations. Cultivation under contract is a system whereby ITO EN commissions existing farmers to produce tea leaves for use in its products, and purchases the full volume of tea leaves produced. In the new tea plantations business, local business operators take a leading role, cooperating with local governments to create new large-scale plantations, such as by making use of abandoned farmlands, while ITO EN provides technical guidance and know-how. The plantations then produce tea leaves for use by ITO EN.
Business Policy
· Improve quality and reduce costs
· Enable stable management of tea business and stable supply of raw
materials
· Promote tea plantation management
in coexistence with the environment
Business Features
· Large-scale plantation management
· Labor-saving management through
mechanization
· Introduction of ITO EN’s proprietary
production technologies
· Contract-based transactions
Cultivation Under Contract Utilizing Tea Cultivation Know-How (Aojiru (Barley Grass Green Juice) and Shui Carrots)
Some new tea plantations business locations are seeking to improve productivity through combined production of barley grass—an ingredient used in Aojiru (Barley Grass Green Juice)—during the off-season for tea cultivation. They are also engaged in the cultivation of Shui* carrots, a variety of carrot reserved especially for use by ITO EN in its vegetable beverages.
See page 38: Vegetables and Aojiru (Barley Grass Green Juice)
8,068t
7,122 6,419
5,405
New tea plantations business rolled out in 8 districts in 6 Japanese prefectures
Total area of tea plantations: 443ha
(as of fiscal year 2019)
Five prefectures of Kyushu
Progress of the Tea-Producing Region Development Project
        Shizuoka Prefecture
(commenced rollout in August 2020)
3,630 4,371
2,600 1,226 800 850 1,034
2,172ha 1,401 1,669 1,836
 380
07/4 12/4 16/4 17/4 18/4 19/4 20/4 21/4
 Production volume
Cultivation of barley grass as a raw material for Aojiru (Barley Grass Green Juice)
Area of tea plantations
(planned)
  *ITO EN eventually selected the Shui variety from around 50 varieties of carrot, after many years of comparative cultivation and processing evaluations. The three distinctive features of Shui carrots are that they (1) contain around 1.5 times the amount of β-Carotene contained in typical carrots, (2) are around 1.1-1.3 times sweeter, and (3) contain minimal amounts of scum. Shui carrots have also been recognized by specialists, such as in their selection in First Place in the “Carrots – Raw and Steamed” category at the 5th Japan Vegetable Sommelier Association Summit—a gathering of vegetable experts—in 2011.
Shui: a carrot variety exclusively for ITO ENSolving community issues through the new tea plantations businessMiyazaki Prefecture Case Study
In the city of Miyakonojo, Miyazaki Prefecture, in addition to contracted cultivation of carrots for use in ITO EN’s Jujitsu Yasai (vegetable and fruit mix juice), in 2001 JA Miyakonojo and ITO EN also signed an agreement regarding the Tea-Producing Region Development Project. In July of the same year, the agricultural production corporation Agricenter Miyakonojo limited-liability company was established as a subsidiary of JA Miyakonojo. In 2006, 100ha of tea fields were completed, consolidat- ing around 40 tea plantations. The center proactively recruits young employees, including not only those with experience in farming, but also civil engineering, which is necessary in the creation of tea plantations; and is expanding the circle of employment together with agriculture in the area.
Business operators and local government Sustainable farm
management Effective utilization of abandoned farmlands
Business agreement Technical guidance
100% purchasing of the production
ITO EN
Cost reductions and stable procurement of high-quality tea leaves
       ITO EN INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 23