Involvement in Local Communities
Communicating the appeal of tea and sales promotion activities through ITO EN TEA TASTERs
 ITO EN TEA TASTERs have a great store of tea-related knowl- edge. By participating in Dai-Cha-Kai (demonstration sales and tasting events of green tea) and other events at locations across Japan and giving demonstrations of how to prepare tea, TEA TASTERs communicate the appeal and attraction of tea to cus- tomers and link this on to sales promotion.
Remote operation
Real interaction
       TEA TASTERS participate in the Dai- Cha-Kai that ITO EN holds on October 1 of each year—Nihoncha no hi (Japanese Green Tea Day)—and at other times of year when there is high demand for tea leaf products, such as during the first tea picking of the season.
“Making Japan Beautiful Through Tea” campaign
Since 2010, ITO EN has been conducting the “Making Japan Beautiful Through Tea” campaign, in which it donates a portion of the sales revenues from Oi Ocha products to envi- ronmental activities around Japan. In addition to donating funds to local governments, ITO EN employees also partici- pate in environmental conservation and development activi- ties, and seek to promote greater recognition and understanding of these activities. These activities form a foundation for marketing activities that enable us to make maximum effective use of the strengths of our nationwide sales network, while at the same time contributing to the resolution of local community issues.
The ITO EN Oi Ocha New Haiku Contest
The ITO EN Oi Ocha New Haiku Contest was started in 1989. The contest is called the “New Haiku” contest because it encourages entrants to express their own thoughts and feelings using the basic 5-7-5 rhythm using their own unique expressive means, without becoming overly hung up on rules such as seasonal expressions, and excessive or insufficient numbers
of characters.
Through these “New Haiku,” ITO EN contributes to culture and education, comes closer to people’s everyday lives through tea and the power of language, and provides opportunities for people to connect.
The 31st ITO EN Oi Ocha New Haiku Contest 2020 Number of entries received:
1,954,888
entries from 63 countries and regions (Total cumulative number of entries received over the history of the contest: over 37,650,000 entries from 93 countries and regions)
In 2020, ITO EN deployed the remotely operated “Oi Ocha-kun” TEA TASTER avatar at some of its in-store sales areas.
* “Oi Ocha-kun” TEA TASTER avatar: A system that enables TEA TASTERs to
recommend products, answer questions and interact with customers remotely, without actually having to visit the store in person.
Forest conservation and tree nurturing activities in Fukushima Prefecture
TEA TASTER
“Oi Ocha-kun” TEA TASTER avatar
Interaction with customers on the sales floor
      Total cumulative number of entries:
over 37.65
million
Oi Ocha bottle displaying the Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology’s Prize entry
  Online recital for winning entries
ITO EN INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 29