Human resources development
Through its unique self-improvement schemes, the ITO EN Business College and ITO EN Graduate School, ITO EN offers 14 courses (in FY2019) including sales, finance, marketing and global organization. In addition to enabling participants to acquire specialist knowledge over the course of a one-year program, these courses also act as requirements upon consideration for promotion.
ITO EN Business College self-improvement program
ITO EN TEA TASTER business skill tests are conducted once every year. Training tea experts enables us to conduct tea- related enlightenment activities both within and outside the company. The system provides opportunities for TEA TASTER qualification holders to develop as human resources and tea professionals through mutual encouragement and competitiveness, without being constrained by their daily work duties or posts within the company.
The Management Problem Solving Course is a selective training scheme that aims to develop the next generation of senior management candidates. Through both internal and external training, the course provides opportunities for participants to develop their aspirations and viewpoints as the next generation of corporate leaders by acquiring a wide- range of management-related knowledge and considering solutions to problems faced by the company, with a medium to long-term perspective.
In our overseas training scheme, human resources who have passed internal recruitment exams undergo a year of training at one of our overseas Group companies, covering topics such as market research, sales and accounting. In this way, we train human resources with a view to expanding our global business operations.
Employees engaged in overseas training
Enhancing personnel schemes and
promoting health and productivity management
ITO EN provides comprehensive support to the various life stages of its employees and their families (e.g. childbirth, childcare and nursing care) in terms of welfare / benefit support, work support and salary support schemes. Specifically, we are working to enhance our childcare leave
scheme, with the aim of encouraging male employees to take childcare leave; expanding the applicable scope of our shortened working hours and earlier finish / later start times, with the objective of facilitating a balance between work and illness, childcare and nursing care commitments; introducing and expanding a leave of absence scheme for accompanying family members (working overseas, etc.); and enhancing our support for employees undergoing fertility treatment. In 2020, we received “Kurumin” certification as a company that supports employees with childcare commitments, based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children.
In order to maintain and improve the health of our employees, we continue to conduct regular health checks covering more than the minimal statutory requirements, and stress checks at all business locations both in Japan and overseas. Most recently, we have introduced gastroscopic examinations to enhance early stage detection and prevention of cancer.
We also conduct health promotion programs utilizing Catechin Ryokucha, for employees at potential risk of requiring treatment, with the objective of improving their lifestyles.
In 2020, these efforts were recognized again with our certification under the large-scale enterprise category of the 2020 Certified Health and Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program run by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and the Nippon Kenko Kaigi (Japan Health Council. Goal: economic and medical private organizations, and local governments collaborating to realize concrete countermeasures in the workplace and in the community). This is the third successive year that ITO EN has been recognized under the scheme.
Initiatives to ensure respect for human rights
We consider respect for human rights to be a fundamental part of our management principle of “Always Putting the Customer First”, and the foundation for all our business activities.
In April 2020, we formulated the ITO EN Group Human Rights Policy based on the UN's Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, in order to enhance our initiatives for ensuring respect for human rights based on international norms to accompany the diversification of our business activities and the expansion of our overseas presence. Currently, we are working to instill the policy within the Group, and pursuing efforts such as conducting harassment prevention training for all employees utilizing e-learning. Looking ahead, we will continue to build a framework for promoting respect for human rights and advance a program of due diligence with regard to human rights, such as by assessing human rights risks and taking measures to reduce such risks.
For details of the ITO EN Human Rights Policy, please refer to the following link.
https://www.itoen-global.com/management/csr_csv/human_rights.php
         ITO EN INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 45