IBIDEN’s Source
Enriched Life and Core Technology Created by IBIDEN 2
■ Core Technologies in Ceramics SiC-DPF
Substrate Holding Mat (MAT)
FLECS※series are high-quality products widely used in automobiles helping to improve environment, utilizing ceramic fibers (alumina fiber) due to their high retaining, sealing and insulating properties for catalytic substrate (used for catalyst, DPF, etc).
※FLECS: FLExible Ceramic Sheet
Ceramic honeycomb
The ceramic honeycomb, using extrusion molding technology, is designed to fit a variety of purposes such as heating medium and casting molding filters with excellent heat resistance and durability. Heat catalysts, which are applications for the ceramic honeycomb, are used inside RTO (regenerative thermal oxidizer) mainly at pharmaceutical, chemical, and electronics components factories.
High Temperature Insulation Wool
Offering excellent heat resistance and insulating performance, this is widely used in various industries such as sintering equipment, fuel cells, non-ferrous metals, and aircraft. Besides, this is a green procurement product, which is exempt from carcinogenicity classifications and regulations related to man-made amorphous fiber.  SCR Catalyst
By collecting over 99% of black smoke emitted from diesel engines, SiC-DPF greatly contributes to cleaning exhaust gas. Having the advantages of SiC (silicon carbide), which have high thermal conductivity, high strength, and high heat resistance, the product is designed to withstand high thermal stresses via a segmented assembly method, making it easy to adapt to a variety of shapes.
Our SCR catalysts are used as a key component of systems to effectively and efficiently reduce the NOx content of exhaust gas, helping to improve the global environment. That are used in many industrial applications like coal fired power plant and diesel automotive application due to the tighten NOx regulations.
  Graphite Specialty (FGM)
Specialty graphite (graphite) has fine ingredient characteristics, combining characteristics of both metals and ceramics including high strength, high purity, and high durability. It meets the various needs of industrial fields from general purpose materials to high-grade materials, including high-grade materials for semiconductor manufacturing machinery, electrode materials for electrical discharge machining, and materials for machinery manufacturing solar panels.
  IBIDEN’s Source
Basin of Providing Value
River of Creating Value
Governance Structure Embodying the IBIDEN WAY
Financial and Corporate Data
 Through the evolution of core technologies that have been fostered over the years, including SiC-DPF (diesel particulate filter) and graphite specialty (graphite), we are pioneering new possibilities in ceramics.
Contributing SDGs
■ FY2018 ratio of net sales
35.2 %
Ceramics
   Automobile
Many products are being used, including SiC-DPF, which removes the black smoke emitted by diesel engines, catalysts for cleaning exhaust gases installed in exhaust pipes, and felt-like ceramic fibers (alumina fibers) that prevent leakage of exhaust gas by stabilizing catalysts. We will continue developing high-performance products for the next generation, contributing to reducing the environmental burden of automobiles.