River of Creating Value
Future IBIDEN Creates
IBIDEN Group’s technologies are utilized everywhere in everyday life. In the technological world, where stunning progress is being made, the IBIDEN Group continuously develops new technologies, and creates products that will be useful in lives of tomorrow.
IBIDEN’s Source
Basin of Providing Value
River of Creating Value
Governance Structure Embodying the IBIDEN WAY
Financial and Corporate Data
Contributing SDGs
   Supporting the Future Based on Technological Capabilities
The Electronics Operation and Ceramics Operation comprise a large portion of the sales of the Company. Thus, creating new technologies and products based on existing technologies we have refined over the years is one of the important managerial issues.
The Company is currently looking forward to the world of digital innovation, with which society, including peoples’ lives, industry, and finance will be further enriched. We expect increases in networked devices and data capacity due to IoT, AI, ICT, and sophistication of in-vehicle telecommunications, as well as new demand for products used in 5G base stations and data centers to support such increases as infrastructure. To meet such demands, we will create new products including highly functional, next-generation IC package substrates, and help advance the digital innovation.
In addition, we will create products that can contribute to the better lives of people, such as aircraft engine components that improve the fuel efficiency of aircraft engines with high-temperature ceramic deposition technology and graphite technology at the core.
    Developing High-Function, Next-Generation IC Package Substrates Mainly
for 5G Base Stations and Data Centers
5G base stations and data centers provide support for technologies indispensable to daily life going forward, such as cashless payments, AI speakers, and connected cars. We are manufacturing and producing next-generation IC package substrates used for 5G base stations and data centers.
Developing New Materials and Components for Electronic Vehicles
With the ongoing electrification of vehicles, the demand for new materials and components is increasing. Examples include components for next-generation batteries, heat-controlling materials, and components for weight reduction. The Company aims to grasp the needs in electrification such as by developing resin windows that will contribute to weight reduction.
Lightweight and Highly Heat Resistant Ceramic Composite Turbine Components That Improve Fuel Efficiency of Aircraft Engines
Due to concerns for depletion of fossil fuels and environmental conservation, technologies to improve fuel efficiency are in demand. The Company is conducting research in order to establish manufacturing technologies for lightweight and highly heat resistant ceramic composite components which will contribute to improving fuel efficiency and reducing exhaust gases from aircraft engines.
                                           Providing Plant Activators and Functional Nutrient Ingredients for Cosmetics and Health Foods Created by Unique Bio-Technology
In order to address the issue of food shortages caused by a future increase in the world population, as well as the issue of improving the years of good health in an aging Japanese society, we are developing biomaterial products by utilizing material handling technology on a nano-scale and water processing technology fostered in the Electronics Operation.
                                       27 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019 28
  River of Creating Value Innovation Strategy 1
Four Development Centers
The four development centers have been established to create the third and fourth pillars that will follow the Electronics and Ceramics Operations. We are conducting research here on a daily basis with the aim of creating new products.
■Message from the Operation Manager, Technological Development Division
The four development centers were established in April 2017 within the Technological Development Division. We are developing new products that support new markets and purposes by evolving existing core technologies and proactively utilizing open innovation.
Because projects in development have been grouped together per product, it has become easier to formulate marketing strategies. Furthermore, the grouping has generated synergistic effects among our engineers, making speedy development possible. I believe this stance of “market-in” is important when developing products as well as the attitude of always being on the lookout for market trends without losing ourselves in development projects at hand. We will keep our eyes open for various kinds of information and create new business pillars by developing products with an acute sense of market needs.
Sales target for new products in FY2022 : Net sales of ¥30 billion ■Four Development Centers
■Existing Technologies Associated with and Products (Technologies) Created at the Four Development Centers
        Automotive Functional Product Development Center
Future Mobility Product Development Center
Biomaterial Product Development Center
  President of R&D Operation Syuichi KUBO
  ・Catalyst reaction controlling technology
・Genome analysis technology
・Catalysts that function at room temperatureAutomotive Functional Product Development CenterFuture Mobility Product Development Center
 〈Development Domain〉
Develops highly efficient and highly capable intake/exhaust systems based on our ceramic molding and firing technology which aim for cleaner emissions.
〈Status of Initiatives〉
We have completed introducing a pilot line for the mass production of a new ceramic product that supports a variety of power trains, and we have begun shipping samples to our customers.
 〈Development Domain〉
Develops materials and components to control electric power, heat, and sound based on the technology to control the physical properties of materials we have fostered over the years in order to achieve more comfortable electric vehicles.
〈Status of Initiatives〉
We have developed new technologies that will contribute to weight reduction and improvements in safety and battery capacity using an innovative solution. We have begun evaluations for a market launch with our customers.
  
Advanced Ceramics Development CenterBiomaterial Product Development Center
 〈Development Domain〉
Develops components for aircraft engines based on high-temperature ceramic disposition technology and graphite manufacturing technology in order to improve the fuel efficiency of aircraft engines.
〈Status of Initiatives〉
We have established technology to manufacture lightweight, highly heat resistant ceramic composite components that will dramatically improve fuel efficiency. We have begun promotional activities in preparation for market launch.
 〈Development Domain〉
Develops plant activators and functional nutrient ingredients for cosmetics and health foods based on our unique biotechnology in order to improve the safety, security, and quality of foods and living spaces.
〈Status of Initiatives〉
We have completed a domestic verification of the effects of a plant activator that will achieve high productivity and high functionality in crops. We have begun to prepare for commercialization and international deployment. 29 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019 30