River of Creating Value
Innovation Strategy 2
Human Resource Development to Create Innovation
Human resources is the source of IBIDEN’s 100 years of history and also what will build the next century of our development. The Company has established human resource training systems in an aim to develop the human resources necessary to accurately grasp changes in the business environment and create new products and technologies.
Contributing SDGs
River of Creating Value
■Human Resource Development Center for Improving Technical Skills
We have established the Human Resource Development Center within the Technological Development Division solely for the purpose of training
engineers to continue to inherit and pass on our technologies for the next hundred years.As a Source to Continue Creating IBI-TECHNO
The Human Resource Development Center trains engineers who work at our four development centers, as well as those involved in the Electronics Operation and Ceramics Operation. The Center also provides development support and guidance. Training ranges from the fundamental education required for engineers to training in specialized fields. Nurturing people to be well equipped with skills for the next-generation developments will lead to enhanced technological strengths for IBIDEN. Furthermore, in addition to these human resource development efforts, the Center is tasked with the role of a transactive memory that incorporates the technology and expertise held by each division with the aim of achieving efficient R&D and creating new innovation. It plays an important part as a source to continue creating the IBI-TECHNO of the future.Establishing a Human Resource Development System
That Looks Toward the Next 100 Years
Since establishment, the Company has transformed its core operations in various ways. The driving force behind these changes is “the power to overcome many adversities with all our employees and to continue to exist.” It is not easy to overcome turbulent times without the power of each and every employee, which is part of the reason “human resource development” is among the four activity pillars in the current medium-term management plan. The Company aims to put in place a human resource developing system that strengthens its corporate structure in order to continue developing for the next 100 years. Furthermore, we established the Human Resource Development Center within the Technological Development Division in FY2017. Here, we aim to develop the next generation of talent by offering a wide range of training from the fundamental education required for engineers to specialized fields.
Both the human resource development system and the Human Resource Development Center are indispensable for creating the future of IBIDEN. With these two types of human resource training as the foundation, we will nurture the ability for sustainable growth. ■Development of Global Human Resources
The IBIDEN Group aims to put in place a human resource development system that strengthens its corporate structure and enables it to achieve consistent progress and growth. To this end, we nurture employees who can contribute to strengthening competitiveness and those who are capable of cross-cultural management.
Especially we provide cross-cultural programs to improve communication skills with overseas staff and strengthen their local response while make efforts to upgrade their practical language skills. We also focus on nurturing the core staff of our overseas entities by inviting them to participate in training programs in Japan.
Practical English program
■Encouraging Career Development
We adopt a system that encourages personalized career development. We support career development through discussions in an interview with a superior concerning skills an employee wants to improve now and in the future and a superior’ s expectations and a support policy. We launched a self-development correspondence course enrollment assistance system to help employees develop their abilities.
Fundamental Policy for Human Resource Training
The four activity standards for this Center are the four components of the IBIDEN WAY:
Trust through Integrity, "Wa" Teamwork and Synergy, Challenge with Passion, IBI-TECHNO Innovation.
Our aim is to train people to be able to learn, think, and act by themselves to deliver results. We encourage an upward spiral process of self- improvement from mind to skill, then opportunity, and finally, self confidence, so that people can build competency independently.
Concentrate Consistent Training to the Human Resource Development Center
●The Human Resource Development Center is a facility where we can consistently implement training related to “process design,” “facility design,” and “schedule design,” which are elements necessary for a manufacturing company.
●Within the facility, we have put in place an area specialized in “safety,” which is a basis for everything. By offering education utilizing an exclusive training kit, we instill the awareness of “safety first” in all employees of the IBIDEN Group.
●In the future, we plan to establish an innovation lab in order to activate “open innovation,” which is an important factor for a company’s development.Overview of the Training Facility
 Training Room3
Training Room4
Area to experience development environment
Area to experience risks
Practice Training Training Room Room2 Room1
Facility Design Area
Office
Break Room
Exhibition Area / (Planned to be expanded as needed)
   Training Room5
Training Room6
Process Design Area
Schedule Design Area Innovation Lab (in planning)
Test Room
    Information Room
Test Room
(as of October 2018)
Cross-cultural adaption program
50-year-old career training
■Equitable Evaluation and Treatment
To enhance business competitiveness, we believe it is important for each employee to challenge himself/herself to meet his/her own high expectations, achieve these expectations, and raise his/her organizational capabilities. The Company has in place a results-oriented target management assessment system. Challenge goals closely related to the Company’ s business results are first established, and the results as well as the process for reaching those results are then evaluated fairly and equitably. Finally, individual results are directly reflected in their compensation. Also, we promote communications between supervisors and subordinates when setting goals and in evaluation interviews in order to develop the subordinates.
The Company adopts a job-based grade system, which helps revitalize all employees, under which work is evaluated into grades based on the volume and importance of job results and job grades are set accordingly. Furthermore, the relationship between positions available according to qualifications and job grades is clarified. Employees in the same evaluation rank in the same job grade are equitably treated, regardless of attributes such as their sex, age and race and nationality.
31 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019 32
IBIDEN’s Source
Basin of Providing Value
Governance Structure Embodying the IBIDEN WAY
Financial and Corporate Data
    The Human Resource Development Center’s Activity Guidelines Based on the IBIDEN WAY
Trust through Integrity
Train skills, expertise, and minds that will produce results at worksites
“Wa” Teamwork and Synergy
Practice a valuable and original training curriculum
Challenge with Passion
Achieve training corresponding to speed and change
IBI-TECHNO Innovation
Consistent development of IBIDEN’s original experience-based training tools
       
  River of Creating Value
Contributing SDGs
With Respect for Both Individuals and the Global Environment
Human Resource Management
Basic Approach
Employees are the driving force that enables us to run our business and provide the public with valued service. We aim to create vibrant workplaces in which each individual employee derives a sense of satisfaction and achievement from gaining a thorough understanding of the Company’s management policies and business strategies, and from having a role to play that enables each employee to contribute to both the Company and society.
Respect for Diversity
Our Group aims to realize a work environment and climate in which diverse human resources can exercise their individual abilities and can feel reasons for living and job satisfaction amidst a trend of advancing globalization and diversification of values.
Measures for Occupational Health and Safety
We conduct the health and safety activity done with all concerned people under IBIDEN WAY, and aim to harmonize “health and safety” and “operation”
IBIDEN’s Source
Basin of Providing Value
River of Creating Value
Governance Structure Embodying the IBIDEN WAY
Financial and Corporate Data  with the fundamental rule to minimize the risk that may affect the life and
■Organization of Occupational Health and Safety Management
As a means to minimize the risks and adverse health effects on people participating in the Company’s business activities, we have established a health and safety management system and received certification. In FY2014, we merged our entire management system including the environment, health and safety, and quality management systems as the IBIDEN Management System (IMS) and began its operations. Under the IMS, initiatives are deployed to each employee from various meeting bodies and acting organizations.
The Company-wide Environment/Health and Safety Committee meetings are held with the participation of the President, officers, directors, the presidents of affiliated companies, and the chairperson of the labor union, aiming to confirm the purposes of company-wide activities and the progress for the goals. Meetings of the Company- wide Zero Accident Committee, held monthly, are attended by each Plant Manager and management persons responsible for promoting health and safety at affiliated companies. The Committee functions as a place for establishing common ground in order to implement the Plan- Do-Check-Act (PDCA) cycle of activities of the entire IBIDEN Group. The information of these committees is disseminated from committee meetings held at each plant to safety circles of workplaces (small group activities) in which all employees participate.
■Promoting Health and Productivity Management ※1
The Group believes the physical and mental health of each and every employee is the foundation for competitiveness. We announced the “IBIDEN Group Health and Productivity Management Declaration※2” in June 2017, and we are proactively supporting employees to promote health with measures in which they can enjoy participating.
As a promoting structure, we have organized the “IBIDEN Group Health Subcommittee”, mainly with representatives from the Health Management Promotion Center (industrial physicians, public health nurses), Human Resources, Environment & Safety, IBIDEN Health Insurance Society, and IBIDEN Labor Union. By utilizing the strength of each participant, we promote health management and health promotion activities for the entire domestic group, such as walking events in which employees can participate.
※1 “Health and Productivity Management” is a registered trademark of
the Workshop for the Management of Health on Company and Employee.
※2 For IBIDEN Group Health and Productivity Management Declaration, please see “About IBIDEN – Human Resource Management”
on IBIDEN’s website.
health of person participating to IBIDEN’s operations.
■Basic activities and Specialized activities of Occupational Health and Safety
As part of the basic activities intended to develop a corporate climate in which the top priority is always placed on health & safety and compliance with laws and regulations, we have continued to engage in “Workplace Safety Circles’ Activities,” “Safety Patrol,” and “Raising Awareness through Safety Education.”
We are providing safety education in a systematic way, so that all employees can take the relevant training. As an example of safety education, the introduction of our hazard-simulation safety education has led to employees raising their safety awareness and acquiring the ability to avoid risks.   ■Supporting Work Life Balance
The Company considers it part of its social responsibility to create an environment in which children, our future leaders, can grow up healthy and safe. To this end, we actively encourage work-life balance by, for example, helping our employees to achieve a balance between work and child rearing. Our company, obtained “Kurumin” Certification from the Minister of Health, Labor and Welfare in 2012 as a company that achieved the planned target and met certain standards among companies that formulated an action plan to support employees for their child-rearing based on the Law on the Promotion of Measures to Support Development of the Next Generation, which took effect in 2005.
■Promotion of Female Advancement
We started promoting women’s participation and advancement in the workplace in fiscal year 2010 and conducted various activities, such as improving the work-life balance system and offering training to female employees and managers for awareness-raising.
We are currently promoting efforts by announcing that we will proactively develop and appoint female employees in career positions. We will continue to appoint more female leaders with the purpose of revitalizing the corporate culture by promoting more female employees with expanded functions to play active roles in the workplace.
■Promoting the Employment of Persons with Disabilities
In order to realize a society where persons with disabilities can live together as members of local communities, it is important to encourage their independence through work, and employees with disabilities are playing an active role in the Company.
We established IBIDEN Oasis Co., Ltd. in October 2018, and it has been certified as a special subsidiary company in April 2019. Through stable hiring of persons with disabilities who are eager to work, we provide support for their professional independence through establishment of a safe working environment and ability development. Going forward, we will aim to achieve a working environment and culture in which diverse human resources can demonstrate individual abilities and feel rewarded to live and to work.
Safety training for engineers
■Occurrence of work-related accidents
We are working on occupational health and safety activities so that all employees of the entire IBIDEN Group can establish safe and comfortable workplaces and work vigorously with an awareness of “safety first” by putting in place four pillars of activities: “recurrence prevention,” “accident/incident prevention,” “health management,” and “disaster prevention.” The Company’s occupational accident frequency rate is at 0.51, which is lower than the national average of manufacturing companies. However, because the number of work- related accidents increased to five cases in FY2018 (equivalent to or more serious than cases of occupational accidents resulting in lost workdays), we are striving to strengthen management with the aim of preventing similar accidents by analyzing the cause of accidents that occurred and putting in place fundamental measures.
 IBIDEN Oasis Co., Ltd., Announcement ceremonyTOPICS
Positive Action to Support Active Participation of Women
In line with the IBIDEN WAY, the Group values a corporate culture in which diverse human resources can fully demonstrate their wisdom and abilities. The diverse sensitivities and thoughts of employees being reflected in operations will result in expansion of business, which in turn will lead to growth and development of the overall IBIDEN Group. As one of these initiatives, we are promoting positive actions, through which we actively develop and appoint women in career positions within Japan and create an environment where women can work at highest levels. We have produced actual results, such as companywide improvements made from women’s perspectives.
Positive action report meeting
 TOPICS
Acquired Recognition for “the Certified Health & Productivity
Management Outstanding Organization – White 500”
The Group’s efforts to value physical and mental health of each employee are highly recognized by external parties. The Company as well as TAK Co., Ltd. and IBIDEN Engineering Co., Ltd.*, which are our group companies, have received recognition as a “2019 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organization” by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Nippon Kenko Kaigi as companies that practice employee health management from a management perspective.
※ Recognized in the small and medium enterprise category
  33 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019 34