River of Creating Value
With Respect for Both Individuals and the Global Environment
Harmony with Nature
Contributing SDGs
IBIDEN’s Source
Basin of Providing Value River of Creating Value Governance Structure Embodying the IBIDEN WAY
Resource Circulation, Chemical Control
Financial and Corporate Data
        Basic Policy
We conduct the environmental load reduction activity with all concerned people under IBIDEN way, aim "Harmony with nature" by reducing the bad effect on global environment generated in our business operation, and fulfill the role as enduring company."
■Resource Circulating Activities
IBIDEN believes that it is an important responsibility of businesses to make effective use of the world’s scarce resources and to take part in a global effort to conserve resources. We promote the so-called 3R activity, which consists of initiatives to Reduce, Reuse and Recycle the resources we consume. In doing so, we aim to improve the resources efficiency.
■Blessing of water (Water Conservation Efforts)
A large amount of water resources is used in the manufacturing process of electronic products, particularly for cleansing. Ogaki City in Gifu Prefecture, where our domestic production bases are concentrated, is rich in underground water thanks to the Ibigawa River system. However, water shortages are a serious problem in the world today. Based on the principle of so-called 3R activity—initiatives to reduce, reuse, and recycle resources—the Group carries out business activities by integrating environmental technologies into manufacturing technologies, which has reduced the amount of industrial water use.
■Responding to the Regulations on Chemical Substances by Controlling Substances to be Contained in Products and in
Manufacturing Processes
IBIDEN uses various chemical substances in the manufacturing process. Since chemical substances may cause environmental pollution and human health hazards, the management of chemical substances is one of the risk factors. As the laws and regulations on chemical substances in each country are increasingly rigorous, the management of chemical substances is one of the key issues for the Group from a compliance perspective. To prevent these risks posed by chemical substances, we practice appropriate chemical control by defining the target chemical substances for complete elimination and reduction.
   Energy
Blessing of water
Chemical Waste substances
Four perspectives
●Energy (climate change):
Aim for zero CO2 emissions with the energy conservation and the use of renewable energy, and business contributions.
●Blessing of water:
Value the blessing of water and reduce the impact on water resources to the minimum. ●Waste (resources):
Reduce waste by minimizing the use of resources and maximizing recycling.
●Chemical substances:
Thoroughly control chemical substances contained in raw materials on a global basis.
    ■Measures to Supply Clean Energy
IBIDEN owns three hydroelectric power plants in the upstream section
of Ibigawa River in Gifu Prefecture. Hydraulic power generation uses the potential energy of water to create clean energy without greenhouse gas emissions. To maintain and increase its power output, IBIDEN implements repair work at its three hydroelectric power plants (Higashi Yokoyama Power Plant, Hirose Power Plant, and Kawakami Power Plant) systematically by repairing water supply tunnels※ and updating generators to the latest models.
※ Water supply tunnels: Tunnels for providing water to power plants
■Energy Conservation
As the Group consumes a large amount of energy through its
production activities—whether it is the temperature control during the manufacturing process of electronics or the electric furnaces used for ceramics—energy conservation is an important issue for us.
We are making a company-wide effort to perform the energy-saving management cycle in line with the Energy Conservation Meeting, which is held monthly by the production divisions and related functional divisions. We also monitor risk factors, such as energy cost increases, and work on improvements based on the idea that enhancing energy efficiency is linked directly to strengthening the Company’s competitiveness.
■Trends of GHG emissions
Energy-saving activities are conducive to reducing emissions of CO2, a greenhouse gas (GHG). The Group’s GHG emissions in FY2018 were 800,000 tons, most of which were energy-induced. As a medium- term target for reducing CO2 emissions, during the period from FY2018 through FY2022, we are aiming to reduce the basic unit per converted production volume※ by 5% compared to FY2017.
※ Converted production volume is used to calculate production volume.
■Projects to Promote Renewable Energy
IBIDEN Engineering Co., Ltd., a member of the IBIDEN Group, has
initiated projects in the field of energy solution by making optimal use of the Company's technologies to maintain hydroelectric power plants as well as manage co-generation systems. Established an integrated approach, in which its business includes design proposal, construction and maintenance, IBIDEN Engineering has a track record in many power generation business such as ranging from equipment for hydroelectric power plants and power substations to systems for solar power generation plants and small hydroelectric power plants. We will continue to promote business solutions for the energy problems.
■Projects That Contribute to Both Disaster Prevention and Environmental Protection
In Japan, which is a mountainous country, in order to boost the protection of slopes in difficult weather and soil conditions and to ultimately prevent the loss of life in landslide disasters, practices for securing artificial slopes have undergone many changes over the years with many improvements based on the testing of various methods and technologies through trial-and-error. Currently, in addition to a disaster prevention function, an environmentally-friendly “greener” construction method is expected for artificial slopes. IBIDEN Greentec Co., Ltd., a member of the IBIDEN Group, which has continued to provide new construction methods that achieve both disaster prevention and environmental protection, such as the “Totally Green” method, will create an environment where everyone can live safely and peacefully.
Higashi-Yokoyama Power Plant
Water floating solar power generation plant (Certificated output:1.99 MW)
Slope constructed using the GT frame®
35 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019 36