River of Creating Value
Responsible Procurement Practices
IBIDEN’s Source Basin of Providing Value
River of Creating Value
Basic approach
Governance Structure Embodying the IBIDEN WAY
Financial and Corporate Data
Contributing SDGs
Quality Management
  Supply Chain Management Policy
To earn the trust of international community while operating business globally, both the Group and the entire supply chain must responsibly take actions that respond to social demands.
■IBIDEN Group Supplier CSR Guidelines
Measures for Supply Chain Management
By consistently developing cutting-edge technologies, IBIDEN contributes to the creation of a comfortable IT society as well as a society where cars and nature coexist through the proposal and supply of high-value-added products. Based on its “customer first” policy, the Group meets the needs of customers through unique technologies and designs that take into account the global environment. We understand that our greatest mission is to consistently supply safe and reliable products.Basic Procurement Policy
1 We will comply with laws, regulations and customs and build relationships based on mutual cooperation and trust with suppliers.
2 We will offer fair trading opportunities to suppliers.
3 We will fulfill our human rights, environmental and other social responsibilities through our
procurement activities.The basic policy for the quality
(Electronics) Based on the concept of quality first, we will achieve customer satisfaction by clearly grasping customer needs and producing and providing reliable products through IBI-TECHNO.
(Ceramics) Through IBI-TECHNO, we will incorporate customers’ real and potential needs and add values to such needs while striving to provide moving experiences to customers through our product- making, which continually gives top priority to quality.In order to lead globally developing operations into sustainable growth with our suppliers, we published the “IBIDEN Group Green Procurement Guidelines” in 2009, which are a mechanism to procure parts and materials with reduced environmental burdens, as well as the “IBIDEN Group Supplier CSR Guidelines” (hereinafter called “CSR Guidelines”) in 2011, which compile requirements for the entire supply chain, including human rights violation risks such as forced labor, corruption prevention, and responsible resource procurement.
  ■Communication and Cooperation with Supplier
In order to thoroughly implement CSR Guidelines throughout the entire
supply chain, we request our suppliers, including new suppliers, to pledge to comply with CSR Guidelines, as well as to evaluate the status of guideline compliance through CSR investigation and report annually. Furthermore, to confirm the actual status of suppliers and promote improvements, we make requests on improving issues addressed in CSR investigation as well as conduct site visits and audits to ask the suppliers for improvements to their activities. Each guideline is published on the Company’s website so that they may be reviewed by all stakeholders.
■Suppliers’ Compliance Counter
We set up a “compliance counter” for our suppliers to which suppliers can report any compliance problem while dealing with the Company. As with the compliance counter for our internal employees, information will be handled with the utmost care for privacy and the supplier will never suffer prejudicial treatment for contacting the counter.
■Responsible Sourcing of Resources (Conflict Minerals) Illegal mining of resources in conflict areas and high-risk areas has
become a major international issue as it abets human rights violations and environmental destruction. Our “CSR Guidelines” clearly state that the suppliers should refrain from illegal mining in conflict areas as well as procuring resources that may support human rights violations. Furthermore, we will conduct reasonable investigations into the mineral supply routes and disclose the findings in good faith.
CSR briefing for suppliers
■Quality Management System
The Group has received ISO9001 certification at main domestic and
overseas manufacturing plants and IATF16949 in operations related to the automotive industry. We are striving to offer products that exceed the expectations and needs of our customers.
In addition, the Company has integrated mechanisms for quality (ISO9001, IATF16949), environment (ISO14001), occupational health and safety (ISO45001), and corporate operations into the IBIDEN Management System, and operates with an aim to continuously improve our operational competitiveness and customer satisfaction. Going forward, we will continue to build a system to provide high-quality products on a global scale and upgrade the level of quality.
■Measures to improve quality
To contribute to our customers and the community with quality products, we conduct design reviews and hold quality assurance meetings to study the design and specifications at each stage of the manufacturing process, from the development of cutting-edge technologies, through product planning and design, to mass production. Furthermore, to improve quality, we offer guidance and audits, including assessment by the president, at workplaces in Japan and overseas and group companies, and also provide business partners with guidance for quality improvement.
■IBI-TECHNO Promotion Activities
IBIDEN has conducted IBI-TECHNO promotion activities in which all
employees from all divisions take part in achieving No.1 customer satisfaction by putting the IBIDEN Way into practice. The underlining philosophy is that our activities are designed first and foremost for our customers. Improving the four IBI-TECHNO(“Management of Business”, “Management of Technology”, “Total Productive Management” and “Management Capability”) will boost IBIDEN's corporate value and ensure a stable profit supported by strong competitiveness in the market. We also strive to give back to our stakeholders.
Measures for Quality Management
   37 IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019
IBIDEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2019 38