Contributions to Sustainable Business Activities for Customers as a Reliable and Sustainable Supplier Relevant SDGs
EBARA is constantly refining its technological capabilities to ensure that it can live up to customer expecta- tions by providing finely tuned support. This diligence has made reliability one of our greatest strengths, and has won us several awards in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019.
 For example, Taiwan-based Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (TSMC), has presented EBARA CORPORATION with the Excellent Performance Award for eight consecutive years. Each year, TSMC awards select suppliers that have exhibited outstanding performance through the provision of service and support with this honor. Three achievements were cited as reasons for EBARA winning the most recent award: Excep- tional supply of products to match the expansion of production volumes at TSMC factories, extensive support for R&D activities, and the proactive localization of major CMP components. In addition, subsidiary Ebara Precision Machinery Taiwan Incorporated. received a letter of appreciation in the spare parts standalone awards category sponsored by TSMC’s production equipment buying division. This letter cited thanks for Ebara Precision Machinery Taiwan’s contributions to improved efficiency through the localization of production in Taiwan and to the increased supply of products by TSMC via heightened supply capabilities.
 Also in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, EBARA CORPORATION was presented with the Supplier Achievement Award by Intel Corporation. This honor is presented to suppliers that have achieved especially excellent performance in areas emphasized by Intel and thus indicates that these companies are playing an important role in leading the industry. EBARA was presented with this award in reflection of a high evaluation from the perspective of sustainability. Major points considered included our business continuity plan (BCP) and other systems as well as the stability of our operations.
 The Precision Machinery Company, which develops EBARA’s core semiconductor manufacturing equipment and component business, will continue to support customer business activities with products and services that help improve productivity, cut overall costs, and reduce environmental impacts.