         Integrated Report 2021
  
 The MS&AD Insurance Group’s Mission, Vision & Values
Our Mission
The Group’s Raison d’être
To contribute to the development of a vibrant society and help secure a sound future for the planet, by enabling safety and peace of mind through the global insurance and financial services business.
Our Vision
The Group’s aspirations for the medium term
To create a world-leading insurance and financial services group that consistently pursues sustainable growth and enhances corporate value
Our Values
The credo for all employees aimed at realizing the Group’s mission
CUSTOMER FOCUS
Striving to provide security and satisfaction to our customers
INTEGRITY
Being sincere, kind and fair in our dealings with people
TEAMWORK
Growing together as a team by respecting one another’s individuality and opinions and sharing knowledge and ideas
INNOVATION
Always improving the way we work while responding to stakeholders’ interests
PROFESSIONALISM
Providing high-quality services by constantly enhancing our skills and proficiency
   1 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 Three Key Concepts
of the MS&AD Integrated Report 2021
Enhancing corporate value by solving social issues
In whatever age, supporting a sustainable society is the fundamental role of insurance. Toward the realization of the MS&AD Insurance Group’s declared mission, we are committed to addressing a wide range of social issues, offering solutions that take full advantage of digital technology and driving innovation for social change.
By establishing a business model where this social progress is linked to our growth, we will continue to increase our corporate value.
Turning diversity into competitive advantage
In an age of uncertainty like the present, the diversity that is a distinctive feature of the MS&AD Insurance Group becomes a true competitive advantage.
A diverse business portfolio makes for stable finances while diverse human assets lead to innovation. Quality inspires trust from a diverse customer base, while diverse partnerships drive social change. Leveraging the special advantages of this diversity, we will build a business base that can achieve growth under any conditions.
Creating a better future together with stakeholders
2030 is the final year for the SDGs.
It is also the year by which the MS&AD Insurance Group aims to realize a resilient and sustainable society.
Toward that goal, we are working to create value with partners who share our vision of the future. Through partnerships with stakeholders, we will address more challenging social issues and respond to the diverse risks resulting from social change so as to support the development of a vibrant society and a sound future for the planet.
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 2
 
CONTENTS
Basic approach of MS&AD Insurance Group
Introduction 01
        approach to long-term vision
Long-term vision
27
Value creation activity
29
Governance
02
03
43
45
61
63
107
111
117
Mission, Vision, and Values
Three Key Concepts
Contents and Editorial Policy
Management Message
Value Creation Foundation: Global and Diverse Human Assets
04
 05
07
MS&AD Disclosure Framework
At a Glance
Development of the MS&AD Insurance Group
  Perception of issues and
09
 31
CEO Message
MS&AD’s Value Creation Process
Value Creation Resources: MS&AD’s Competitive Advantage
17
37
Key Issues
  MS&AD’s Value Creation
25
MS&AD’s Value Creation Story
35
36
Value Creation Foundation: Quality
Value Creation Impact: Co-creation of Value with Stakeholders
 Vision for the Society of 2030 and Materiality Analysis
  33
Value Creation System: Business Model and Value Proposition
39
41
Seven Priority Issues and CSV
CSV Impact Assessment
 Strategy and Performance
MS&AD’s Strategy
Medium- to Long-term Growth
 Enhancing Capital Efficiency and Achieving Sustainable Profit Growth
Financial and Non-financial Highlights
Corporate Governance System and Initiatives
Basic Knowledge about the Insurance Industry
Glossary of Insurance Terminology
Data Section
Editorial Policy
The MS&AD Group publishes an Integrated Report to provide customers, shareholders, investors and all other stakeholders with a deeper understanding of our initiatives aimed at solving the challenges faced by society and at increasing corporate value throughout the business. This Report was edited based on the International Integrated Reporting Framework provided by
the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) and the Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation provided by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry in order to explain our business model-based story of value creation and the creation of shared value with society (CSV initiatives) in an easy-to-
understand manner. The MS&AD Integrated Report 2021 clarifies our vision for 2030 and features an explanation
of the growth strategy for advancing from the current medium-term management plan to the next stage, as well
as the management foundation that underpins them. It also showcases CSV initiatives based on digital technologies that we are undertaking in collaboration with various stakeholders to achieve our aspirations for society. For further detailed information, please visit the MS&AD official website.
65
67
140
211
212
11-year Performance
Reports by Segment
 Progress with the
rollout of short- 53 to medium-term
strategy 57
47
59
Progress of the Vision 2021 Medium-term Management Plan
Financial and Capital Strategy
Risk Management
ERM-based Group Management
75
76
77
82
Asset Management
ESG Investing
Compliance with Japan's Stewardship Code
 78
Climate-Related Disclosure
Special Feature: How CSV × DX Will Bring About the Next Stage for MS&AD
 Corporate Governance
 relating to value creation
93
and strategy implementation
94
Chairman’s Message
102
105
Our Management Team
Message from an Outside Director
 Appendix/Data Section
Performance Record
ESG Evaluation / Participation in Initiatives
Third-party Assurance
  3 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
 MS&AD Disclosure Framework
MS&AD Integrated Report
Introduction
Management Message
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix/ Data Section
For further detailed information on the MS&AD Insurance Group, please refer to the information on the Company’s official website.
    Who We Are
CEO Message
Our Strengths Company Information
MS&AD Official Website
 About MS&AD Group
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group.html
 Message from the CEO, Message from an Outside Director
CSV concept video
            What We Do
Management Plans and Policies MS&AD’s Story of Value Creation
        Our Platform
Risk management
Risk management https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/risk_management/erm/risk.html
Compliance https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/risk_management/compliance.html
Information Management https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/risk_management/information.html
Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/corporate.html
Internal control
Disclosure and Information
Diversity & Inclusion
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/diversity_inclusion.html
Diversity and inclusion progress report (in Japanese only) https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/ja/group/value/diversity_inclusion/main/018/ teaserItems1/0/file/diversitybook2020.pdf
   Sustainability
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/csr.html
Sustainability Report https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/csr/report.html
 Basic Knowledge about the Insurance Industry (in Japanese only)
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/ja/basic_knowledge.html
Investors
https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/ir.html
Securities Report (in Japanese only) https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/ja/ir/library/securities.html
Quick introductory video to MS&AD
 Mirai
https://www.msad-mirai.co.jp Toward a better future
From emerging risks to disaster prevention and mitigation, this website presents our accumulated knowledge alongside the latest information with the aim of being a “link to the future.”
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 4

  Introduction
 At a Glance
The MS&AD Insurance Group in Figures
Entire Group
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
The insurance group most chosen by customers in Japan
share of
No.1 domestic market
Share of Net Premiums Written (FY2020)
Sources: Prepared by MS&AD based on publicly announced information from each insurance company and data from the General Insurance Association of Japan.
Domestic Life Insurance Business
In the top rank of Japan’s 28 life insurance companies in terms of premium income
9th in Japan
Domestic life insurance companies/groups’ premiums and others ranking (FY2020) Source: Prepared by MS&AD based on publicly announced information from each insurance company
Five Business Domains
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
No. 1 position in the domestic non-life insurance market, making group-wide efforts to comprehensively meet diverse customer needs
Domestic Life Insurance Business
Leveraging the distinctive strengths of two group companies in protection-type and asset-building products
International Business
An overseas network covering 49 countries and regions*
No. 1 in terms of non-life gross premiums written in the ASEAN region
*Not including Israel, the location of a global innovation base (as of April 1, 2021)
Financial Services Business
Leveraging the full range of its capabilities as an insurance and financial services group to provide new financial products and services
MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital Co., Ltd. MS&AD Loan Services Co., Ltd.
Risk-Related Services Business
P. 67
P. 69
P. 71
P. 73
P. 74
            World-leading insurance and financial services group
   8th in the World
   Fortune Global 500 -2021 Income Ranking
International Business
The only non-life insurance group in the world to have a base in each of the
10 ASEAN countries
No.1 in the ASEAN region
FY2019 Gross Written Premiums Ranking in ASEAN Countries
Global business operations extending to
           49 countries and regions*
    * Not including Israel, the location of a global innovation base (as of April 1, 2021)
High ratings on the strength of a strong financial base
   World-leading insurance and financial services group (billions of yen)
Net Premiums Written
S&P Global Ratings Japan Inc.
Unrivalled strength in domestic customer base
No.1 in Japan for number of customers
44 million
individual customers
2.5 million
corporate customers
 3,500.9
A+
Ordinary Profit
306.5 3,126.6
Foundation supporting growth
Moody’s Japan K.K.
A1
     Net Assets
Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I)
No. 1 in the size of its agent network in Japan
 No. of employees worldwide Ratio of global employees
MSCI ESG Rating CDP
41,501
(including 9,230 overseas employees)
22.2%
AA AList
AA
83,073
agents
Creating synergies with the insurance business by deploying global risk solution services
MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Care Network Co., Ltd.
Fureai Do-Life Services Co., Ltd.
MS&AD Group companies that support the five business domains
  Evaluation of ESG initiatives
   Ratio of female managers (domestic)
DJSI (World/AP)
16.1%
Listed in World/AP
MS&AD Business Support Co., Ltd. MS&AD Staffing Service Co., Ltd.
MS&AD Systems Co., Ltd.
MS&AD Business Service Co., Ltd.
 5
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 6

 Introduction
 Development of the MS&AD Insurance Group
    DNA of the five original companies
Reorganization of
the insurance industry
Establishment of an insurance and financial services group
Growth as a world-leading insurance and financial services group
    Formed in 2010
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
  Mitsui Marine & Fire founded in 1918
1934: started operations as the first Japanese direct underwriter of non-life insurance in Thailand. Adapted to the age of internationalization with rapid development of overseas operations network.
Merged in 2001
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
Expertise and trustworthiness supported by
128 long years of history and experience
• Greatest accumulation of risk related data in Japan and the ASEAN region
 Merged in 2001
Aioi Insurance Co., Ltd.
• Expertise and data acquired through experience with the large natural disasters to date
  Sumitomo Marine & Fire founded in 1893
Rapidly put in place an overseas sales system to respond to the overseas expansion of Japanese companies, starting with trading interests based in the Kansai area.
 Merged in 2001
Nissay Dowa General Insurance Co., Ltd.
Robust customer and marketing base founded
on long-term relationship building
 • Partnerships with leading companies in other sectors, including the Toyota Group, the Nippon Life Group, the Mitsui Group and the Sumitomo Group
  • Partnerships with insurance agents and insurance brokers supported by long-standing relationships of trust
 Dai-Tokyo Fire & Marine founded in 1918
Focused on automobile insurance from the 1960s and organized a network of car repair and maintenance shops, establishing a firm reputation as Dai-Tokyo for automobiles.
Business started in 2000
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Network of trust built over a long history in
the Asian region
 Merged in 2001
Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
• First Japanese non-life insurance company to start direct underwriting in Thailand, in 1934
  Chiyoda Fire & Marine founded in 1897
By leveraging ties with Toyota Motor Sales Co., Ltd. through its strong ties with the financial industry in the Nagoya region, developed a reputation as a strong player in automobile insurance.
• Operations have expanded along with growth in the ASEAN region, ultimately achieving the No. 1 position in the region in terms of scale
 Merged in 2001
Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
 110 years of experience and results in the
Lloyd’s insurance market
  Dowa Fire & Marine founded in 1897
Established a strong reputation for space insurance through recommencement of aviation insurance and development of satellite insurance. Industry-leading level of financial soundness.
 Company name changed in 2005
Mitsui Sumitomo MetLife Insurance Co., Ltd.
• First Japanese non-life insurance company to enter the Lloyd’s insurance market in 2000
• Acquisition of Amlin, founded in 1903, at the Lloyd’s insurance market in 2016
 Group Adjusted ROE (%)
8.6
8.5
300.0
2021 Forecast
12.0
500.0
   Group ROE (%)
0.8
Group
Core Profit
(¥ billion) -5.6
5.0
87.4
Group Adjusted Profit (¥ billion) 274.1
14.5
2010
2011 2012 -87.5
2013 2014 2015 2016
2018 2019
2020
2020 excluding incurred losses due to COVID-19
2030 Target
7 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 8
5.9 4.5
155.7 94.8
5.2
7.9 6.4 3.7
6.1
8.0 6.7
213.7 147.5
201.0
2017
189.8
233.1 214.6
 105.1

 Message from Management
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 CEO Message
Leveraging Group diversity and seizing social change as a business opportunity, we will strive to realize a “resilient and sustainable society.”
Introduction
— Lessons learned from the social impact of the COVID-19
Noriyuki Hara President & CEO
 One year has passed since I was appointed CEO in June 2020. During this period, social and economic activity has been severely restricted in response to the spread of COVID-19, resulting in negative growth for the world economy in 2020 on a scale greater than during the financial crisis following the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008.
The MS&AD Insurance Group also experienced depressed profits in its international business due to the large insurance claims arising from COVID-19, mainly through overseas insurance subsidiaries. We nevertheless maintained regular operations, underwriting insurance policies, paying insurance claims, and operating in other ways to support the everyday lives and businesses of our customers amid the global crisis while safeguarding the health of our employees. At the same time, we stepped up the shift to new business styles such as remote working, which proved an opportunity for the whole Group to realize considerable cost reductions. Business results for fiscal 2020 were buoyed particularly by the favorable performance of the automobile insurance and domestic life insurance businesses. As a result, Group Adjusted Profit and net income were both able to finish above forecast. The restricted economic activity and social changes during the COVID-19 pandemic also had a great impact on operating conditions for business enterprises. The increasing adoption of remote working by many businesses and the growing customer preference for non-contact and remote transactions are feeding into wider lifestyle changes. In line with this trend, the Group moved ahead with digitalization of customer contact points, handling insurance policy applications via smartphone, marketing cancer insurance through convenience store terminals, and responding to automobile accident claims online. A similar change affected our response to natural disasters such as the torrential rainfall and typhoons that hit the Kyushu region. Instead of dealing with the situation as previously by concentrating staff in a disaster response office close to the affected area, we spread the workload across all regions to staff who work remotely. This approach allowed us to answer customer needs while also ensuring employee protection against infection, thus fulfilling our function as an important part of the social infrastructure.
My observations from the last year
— The Group's strengths and challenges
I have two strong convictions to take away from the last year. The first is the importance of business portfolio reform. Insurance claim payouts arising from COVID-19 were mostly incurred in our European operations centered on MS Amlin, but we were able to absorb this impact from the profits of our domestic life insurance and Asian businesses. The other is the importance of implementing digitalization. As we had already made progress with measures such as equipping staff with thin-client models to replace conventional computers and introducing a homeworking system, the switch to remote working proceeded without major disruption and we were able to continue providing prompt response to customer requests.
We also made a wide range of other observations. We have been able to confirm the usefulness of remote working, which has led us to fundamentally review our approach to meetings and events. As a result we have discovered more efficient operating procedures and more effective methods of communication. This reform of our work practices has resulted in the introduction of a job-based personnel system and a review of office space, and created other opportunities to drive increases in operational efficiency Group-wide. Other things I have sensed strongly in this unprecedented operating environment are the strong crisis management ability of the MS&AD Insurance Group, the strength of its teamwork, and its commitment to integrity.
I think that the need to reform our business styles at the same time as achieving Group growth has provided us with a highly valuable opportunity to re-examine our Group’s strengths
and challenges.
P. 35 “Response to the new social patterns emerging from COVID-19”
9 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 10

Message from Management
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Review of the Medium-Term Management Plan, “Vision 2021” — As a world-leading insurance and financial services group
Creation of new business: Social issues such as climate change and population aging have given rise to demand for new risk solutions. In response, we are taking on the challenge of creating new businesses in areas such as consultancy services that provide quantitative evaluation of climate change impacts and development of algorithms for early detection of cognitive disorders through
voice analysis.
The global rollout of such initiatives will bring further increased
opportunities for growth. For instance, MS1 Brain has now been
launched in the Philippines, while drive recorder type insurance is marketed in Taiwan and telematics automobile insurance in Thailand and Taiwan. I believe that high-added-value insurance products and services based on advanced digital technology have a strong chance of widespread adoption in the nations of Asia, which are undergoing rapid digitalization.
Pp. 17–18 “Issue 1 : Global Expansion”
Pp. 47–52 “Progress of the Vision 2021 Medium-Term Management Plan”
 Fiscal 2021 is the final year of the medium-term management plan, “Vision 2021,” launched in 2018.
Under “Vision 2021,” in pursuit of the twin goals of becoming a world-leading insurance and financial services group and developing resilient systems able to swiftly respond to changes in the environment, we have been implementing three key strategies: pursuing the Group’s comprehensive strengths; promoting digitalization; and reforming the business portfolio.
Toward realizing the declared aim of becoming a world-leading insurance and financial services group, we already rank among the world’s top ten non-life insurance groups in terms of business scale. In terms of quality, a strong stock market helped us to exceed our financial soundness target of 180–220% for economic solvency ratio (ESR) with an achievement of 235%. In terms of capital efficiency, on the other hand, we missed our Group Adjusted ROE target of 10% to finish at 6.7%, largely due to the impact of COVID-19. For us, this means that strengthening profitability and increasing capital efficiency is one of the most important challenges going forward. To this end, as Group-wide efforts, we have set our digital-based growth strategy while we strengthen profitability though three initiatives (1) improving profitability in the fire insurance business, (2) strengthening international business profitability (3) redoubling efforts to reduce business expenses.
Enhancing capital efficiency as the first priority
— Three initiatives to strengthen profitability
(1) Improving profitability in the fire insurance business: In addition to revision of insurance rates and review of the criteria for accepting high-risk contracts, we will pursue initiatives in accident prevention and mitigation. (2) Strengthening international business profitability: MS Amlin, which had been an area of concern, has seen a steady decrease in the loss ratio of its non-catastrophe insurance business, and achieved a profit of over ¥10 billion in fiscal 2020 after excluding the impact of COVID-19. Going forward, we will steadily implement our growth strategy by expanding high-performing contracts and adapting to the hardening market. Asia is a market that speaks to the Group’s strengths, and, with a retail sector set to expand going forward, makes a promising target. We aim to continuously strengthen collaboration with leading local platformers and other partners. (3) Reducing business expenses: We exceeded the initial target for fiscal
2020 with a ¥34.0 billion* cost reduction. For fiscal 2021, we are targeting a reduction of ¥49.0 billion.* Looking further ahead, we will use online system updates to reform work processes and will roll out remote working and other business style reforms to achieve more efficient staff deployment and savings in office space. By fiscal 2025, these and other cost-cutting measures will achieve a ¥100 billion cost reduction* Groupwide, including domestic and overseas operations. *Compared to FY2019
Promoting digital-based reform on three fronts
— Creating new business beyond the bounds of conventional insurance
Next, to realize our digital-based growth strategy, we will implement reform in three areas: products and services, sales channels and sales techniques, and new business creation.
Reform of products and services: The concept of insurance so far has been to compensate for the financial loss when an accident or disaster occurs. Using digital technology, however, we can visualize risk and take preventive action, or minimize the impact if a loss does occur and ensure rapid recovery. We have been working on initiatives for seamless provision of such services. Two concrete examples of this are telematics automobile insurance and drive recorder type automobile insurance. Customer driving data is collected in real time to detect behaviors such as excess speed and reversing on highways, which trigger an alert. This driving diagnostic reporting offers advice on safer driving and has an accident-reducing effect. If an accident does occur, the sensing of the large impact triggers an immediate voice check on the driver’s condition. Where necessary, an ambulance or tow truck is called. Additionally, the insurance premium is varied in line with customer mileage and safe driving behavior, offering the reward of fairer insurance premiums.
Reform of sales channels and sales techniques: We are working now on systems such as MS1 Brain that digitalize the insurance process end-to-end, from soliciting and product offers to conclusion of policies and processing of accident claims. Through partnership with digital platformers, this will allow us for instance to integrate insurance product offers into online purchasing procedures. In fields such as MaaS, smart city development, and healthcare, we will create partnerships with emerging market players to build new sales channels tailored to customer needs.
Growth Vision for 2030
— Developing as a corporate group supporting a resilient and sustainable society
 11 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 12
In the formulation of our next medium-term management plan, due for launch in fiscal 2022, we looked 10 years ahead to define the Group’s aspiration for the year 2030: to be a corporate group supporting a resilient and sustainable society. The quantitative targets we have set will place us in the same league as our leading global peers: a profit level of ¥500 billion and ROE of 12%. Focusing our minds on this aspiration for 2030 and what we need to do from now to reach it, we are engaged in serial discussions around the formulation of the next medium-term management plan to take us through to 2025.
Establishing a stable earnings base
— Balanced business portfolio
We will work to strengthen our earnings base by addressing challenges in our existing businesses. In the domestic non-life insurance business, that will mean improving the profit levels and lowering the expense ratio of the fire insurance business, while in the domestic life insurance business we will need to raise the cross- selling rate between life and non-life insurance and develop more advanced forms of asset management. In overseas subsidiaries, meanwhile, we will work to implement the DX strategy and achieve global synergies.
The international business is a growth driver for the Group, which has particular strength in Asia. Here, we will seek to lock the region’s economic growth into growth for the Group. As a further step toward building a well-balanced business portfolio, we will also look into increased business investment in the United States, which currently occupies a relatively minor position in our portfolio, particularly in specialty fields and in the MGA business* which expertize in specific markets.
CSV x DX x GLOBAL
— Basic approach to driving sustainable growth
Another strand in realizing our growth vision is to address social issues through digital and other technological innovations, in other words by rolling out the CSV x DX strategy globally. Since fiscal 2021, when we positioned the CSV x DX strategy as the central pillar of Group growth, we have worked on solutions for social issues through DX. Our aim is to constantly refine our products and services, which not only offer comprehensive compensation, but also aim to provide functions such as prevention or minimization of damage and rapid recovery. To monetize these areas before and after insurance coverage and to create new businesses, we continue to focus on the consulting business in the fields of data business and risk solutions. The data and risk analysis techniques and risk management consultancy expertise accumulated by insurance companies can be deployed in a wide range of fields, from smart mobility and smart city development to maintenance of social infrastructure and solutions to climate change risk. We will be engaged in the effort to generate revenue in areas before and after insurance coverage as well as new businesses we create.
Pp. 43–44 “MS&AD’s Strategy”
Pp. 45–46 “Medium-to Long-Term Growth”
Pp. 82–90 “Special Feature: How CSV x DX Will Bring About the Next Stage for MS&AD”
* Managing general agent: an agent authorized by an insurance company to not only solicit for customers but also carry out operations including underwriting, loss adjustment, and authorization of claims.

Message from Management
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Building a management base to support sustainable growth
helping to secure a sound future for the planet by enabling safety and peace of mind” has a very strong affinity with the thinking behind CSV and the SDGs. I think the high degree of MVV awareness in all Group companies promotes understanding of CSV initiatives across the Group. I also believe that making connections between the realization of our mission, the resolution of social issues, and individual motivation and job satisfaction will result in sustainable growth for the Group.
That will help to ensure that the efforts of individual employees are aligned in the same direction, increasing Group cohesion and synergies. At the same time, the innovation that helps to resolve social issues originates from the free thought patterns and novel ideas of employees, which in turn depend on their individual characters. That explains the significance for us of promoting diversity and inclusion (D&I). When you bring together a team of people with different individual identities in terms of gender, nationality, religion, values, and other characteristics, and who have different ways of thinking, their diverse ideas clash and combine as they seek to resolve issues, and this process leads to innovation that creates new value. We are devoting resources to D&I initiatives in order to create a corporate culture of that kind.
Creating an environment where all can play an active role
Particularly with regard to promoting female workplace participation, we have established a system that promotes diversity and inclusion to create an environment in which a diverse range of employees can maximize their abilities and play an active role. This has led to our selection as a Nadeshiko Brand* company for two consecutive years. Our female manager ratio has reached its original target and we have now set our next-level target toward intensified promotion of our D&I policy. We have set numerical targets for each of the positions of director, executive officer, and line manager with the aim of reaching a female manager ratio of 30% or above by the end of fiscal 2030 for the Group as a whole. To realize this target, we intend to set up a pipeline to promote the appointment of female officers in order to diversify our decision-making ranks.
To recruit non-Japanese personnel, we hire overseas nationals graduating from Japanese universities, who have tended to remain in our employment for a relatively long period. In addition, our Secondee System, under which employees recruited at overseas bases come to work at headquarters, has so far hosted a total of 103 employees seconded from 15 countries and regions. There are also cases where overseas nationals working at overseas bases fulfill concurrent duties at Headquarters. As of the end of March 2021, 18 overseas base employees had concurrent headquarters duties, performing tasks jointly with Japanese employees in the framework of a
cross-regional initiative.
We have also seen the strong rise of mid-career recruits, who
   I Addressing social issues from a Group- wide approach
Under “Vision 2021” — the plan launched in 2018 that places the concept of creating shared value (CSV) at the center of the management approach — the MS&AD Insurance Group seeks to address social issues through its business activities with the aim of realizing both the sustainable development of society and corporate growth. I think that the current COVID-19 pandemic has made us appreciate once more the importance of CSV and sustainability. In fact, the awareness of CSV among our employees is very high. In a fiscal 2020 employee awareness survey, 92.9% of employees responded that they had a sense of their work contributing to CSV. These days, there are growing opportunities for individual employees to get involved with external initiatives related to the SDGs or CSV, for instance by acting as speakers at local government-sponsored SDG seminars. Toward the resolution of social issues, we are not only progressing with the Group-wide initiatives such as the dashcam-type automobile insurance and health management support insurance. Many employees also engage in independent initiatives as part of their day-to-day duties.
CSV initiatives at individual level drive Group growth
The Sustainability Contest that we launched in 2018 has so far received a total of 1,189 applications from Group employees around the world. Addressing social issues in specific countries and regions are being connected to our business. A typical example is the winner of the FY2020 Grand Prize, an initiative to resolve longstanding issues in the livestock industry by linking public agricultural cooperatives with state-of-the-art IoT technology. The initiative involves the use of sensors to remotely monitor the health status of cattle 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, coupled with insurance cover, as a way of reducing the risk of livestock death and the associated loss. This is an outstanding example of a project that not only promotes an improved work environment, more stable operations, and other advantages for livestock farmers, but has also enabled the Group to establish itself fully in the livestock market and develop insurance underwriting schemes in partnership with public cooperatives. When employees involve themselves in this kind of project to resolve social issues, it enhances their motivation and job satisfaction, which acts as a powerful driver for the Group’s growth strategy.
Pp. 39–40 “Seven Priority Issues and CSV”
P. 91 “A System for Implementing CSV Initiatives”
The MS&AD Insurance Group has declared the realization of a “resilient and sustainable society’” as its vision for the year 2030. Toward that vision, it has identified three priority issues for the Group to address as a whole: response to climate change, improvement of the sustainability of natural capital, and respect for human rights. Climate change, specifically, is a universal threat that places the whole world at risk from natural disasters of increasing frequency and scale. For non-life insurance companies, the associated increase in claims payments is a serious issue that threatens the stability of the global insurance system.
Our contribution to realizing a net zero society
In May 2021, we revised our medium- to long-term target for CO2 emissions reduction and announced new goals: for fiscal 2030, a 50% reduction compared to 2019; and for fiscal 2050, achievement of net zero in Scope 3 emissions, which include the whole of the supply chain. We will work with our stakeholders to contribute progressively to the realization of a zero-carbon society. This means not just reducing our own CO2 emissions and electric power and gasoline consumption, but also offering insurance products that incentivize renewable energy use and CO2 emissions reduction and offering climate change consultancy services. In June, we announced our intention to adopt a policy of excluding future planned coal-fired power stations from our insurance underwriting and investment activities. Next, we will set out a roadmap and related KPIs to support the steady implementation of initiatives.
P. 21 “Issue 3 : Response to Climate Change” Pp. 78–81 “Climate-Related Disclosure”
The Group’s growth strategy relies on human assets to carry it out. I think that part of the reason why the CSV approach was quickly integrated into Group operations is that our employees have an in- depth understanding of mission, vision, and values (MVV). In an employee awareness survey, 95.6% responded that they carried out their duties with a constant awareness of MVV. The Group’s declared mission of "contributing to the development of a vibrant society and
  13 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 14
II Initiatives to realize a net zero society
III Increasing diversity of human assets
* Nadeshiko Brand companies are selected each year by agreement of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Tokyo Stock Exchange from among listed companies in each industry that have shown outstanding performance in the promotion of female workplace participation.

Message from Management
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 occupy 16.6% of all male department and section manager positions at domestic Group companies. Among female section and departmental managers, mid-career recruits account for 40.0% of the total, indicating that these recruits with their wide-ranging career experience and special expertise are a much valued human asset within the Group.
The human assets that are the source of our competitiveness embody our five values
I think one very important thing is that Group employees follow our value code, which sets out five values for them to maintain a constant awareness of in the day-to-day conduct of their work duties. Customer
focus and integrity have a great bearing on the quality of products and services, while uniting in a spirit of teamwork is what brings us through in times of crisis, such as the Great East Japan Earthquake of 2011 or the present COVID-19 pandemic. Maintaining an awareness of professionalism is very important for a world-leading insurance and financial services group, and a passion for innovation will be required to implement the digital strategy. Depending on the social environment, there may sometimes be a strong requirement for a specific set of values, but I believe that nurturing human assets who embody these five values at all times is essential to increasing the Group’s corporate value.
Pp. 33–34 “Global and Diverse Human Assets”
affected by social aging and low birth rates. To address the wide theme of regional revitalization, issues need to be approached from multiple angles and a medium- to long-term perspective. To do that, I think that responding through a broad alliance including not only local governments but also local financial institutions, private-sector enterprises, and universities will enable us to develop comprehensive solutions to region-specific issues.
Going forward, we will continue to work through full-scale
partnerships with business enterprises, universities, and public research institutions, as well as joint projects with venture enterprises and other channels, to generate innovation that supports social change toward realizing a sustainable society and sustainable growth for the Group.
Pp. 19–20 “Issue 2 : Promoting Innovation”
Creating the future together with stakeholders — Partnerships to support a sustainable society
2030 is the target year for the SDGs. Toward the realization of a “resilient and sustainable society,” there is a complex set of challenges to be addressed, from the response to climate change and preservation of natural capital to respect for human rights and issues relating to food supply. When working to address these social issues, I believe that the Group’s diversity is a great strength.
It is because the Group has a business base consisting of distinctive and diverse operating companies, diverse human assets, and diverse partnerships that, whichever social issues it tackles, it is able to take account of diverse needs and utilize diverse data to come up with varied responses.
Origin of the Group’s distinctive character
— Developing as a new insurance and financial services group
We have a history of anticipating social changes and leading the industry into new business domains. For instance, the risk consultancy business that non-life insurance groups are currently exploring is one where the MS&AD Insurance Group was active from the early days and has now established a domestic market base. Another example is the large-scale overseas M&A that have become a growth driver for domestic non-life insurance groups. Our acquisition of Aviva’s Asian operations was a pioneering example of this industry trend. Or take instead the telematics automobile insurance that is expected to expand going forward. We began to develop automobile insurance on a pay-as-you-drive basis (setting the insurance premium in line with mileage) back in 2004 and were offering cutting-edge insurance products in this area at a time when the concept was still completely unfamiliar.
Benefiting from this DNA as a pioneer in new business domains, we are committed to developing group diversity and synergies as a strength, working with stakeholders to create distinctive products and
services that help resolve social issues, and thereby realizing ongoing sustainable increase in corporate value.
Pp. 29–30 “MS&AD's Competitive Advantage”
Looking ahead
— Shaping a sustainable future
   The social changes that have come with COVID-19 have highlighted a wide range of social issues. From climate change and economic disparity to human rights, there are a large number of challenges for business enterprises to address. Resolving social issues across such a wide range requires value creation through partnership with diverse stakeholders. In all industries, the use of digital technology is leading to the creation of innovative products and services. In the insurance industry too, we will need to utilize data to progressively offer society new value in the customer experience and new business models beyond the limitations of conventional insurance services.
Establishing an innovation network
— Seeking new ways to address issues
Looking ahead, it will become increasingly important both in Japan and overseas to incorporate new technologies and business models. The Group therefore takes an open innovation approach, deploying human assets and knowledge in partnership with industry, government, and academia in swift action for the creation of new value and its practical application in society. CVC, which we founded in 2018 in Silicon Valley, has already invested in more than 50 companies, applying cutting-edge technology that will shape the future of the insurance business alongside knowledge and intelligence for the development of new products and services.
As an example of collaboration between industry and academia,
we are now marketing a health management support insurance product that seeks to monitor and enhance employee health using an app fitted with an AI-based health risk prediction model. The AI involved was developed by the University of Tokyo Center of Innovation. Elsewhere, joint research with universities in the fields of smart mobility and smart city development gives us access to the strong specialist excellence of university institutions, their rich knowledge and expertise, and their scientific networks. This should allow us to discover new problem-solving strategies and act more widely for the resolution of issues.
Resolving region-specific issues
— Identifying shared issues to apply to multiple regions
We are additionally engaged in initiatives to resolve issues specific to the towns, the people, and the work of particular regions through comprehensive cooperation agreements for regional revitalization with local governments throughout Japan. These various initiatives include the following examples: development of disaster prevention solutions that can be used in everyday situations in local communities to encourage behavioral change in the event of a disaster; application of robot- and AI-based “smart agriculture” to address issues in the agricultural industry, which is experiencing a serious labor shortage; and trial operation of automated driverless mobility services under a joint industry–academia project aimed at the revitalization of regions
15 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 16

  Business portfolio reform (1) through carefully selective
Issue 1 :
Global Expansion
How to capture growth in the global market and expand the international business
underwriting
Cost reduction through (2) improved operational
efficiency
  (3) Adaptation to market hardening
(4) Implementation of growth strategy
 *3
    Become a world-leading insurance and financial services group
Next medium-term management plan Profit scale of ¥100.0 billion to ¥125.0 billion
    Toward further growth
Inorganic growth Growth through new businesses
 United States specialty insurance market, managing general agents (MGA), InsurTech
 Asian retail insurance market
 Profit generation in new business domains through data business, etc.
   Return of MS Amlin Capture of Asian market in life Stable expansion of
to growth path and non-life insurance business in other regions
 Asian non-life insurance
Development of retail market and strengthening of profitability
 International life insurance
Strengthening of sales channels and improvement of product competitiveness
  Earnings expansion in existing networks
Earnings expansion at MS Amlin, acquired in 2016
Sustainable profit expansion in Europe, Americas,
Head Office reinsurance business, etc.
        Initiatives to build a base supporting growth
Promoting CSV x DX x GLOBAL Benefiting from Group synergies
Group-wide base-building initiatives
Initiatives to reduce expenses ¥11.0 billion by the end of FY2021
  Message from Management
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Key Issues
The MS&AD Insurance Group occupies the No.1 position in the domestic non-life insurance market and has built a stable profit base. The keys to the next stage in our growth are global expansion, promoting innovation, and response to climate change. By addressing these three issues, the MS&AD Insurance Group will achieve sustainable growth as a corporate Group supporting a “resilient and sustainable society.”
Growth strategy for MS Amlin
Growth strategy for Lloyd’s and reinsurance business
 At MS Amlin, as measures to restore profitability are progressing steadily, we aim to return to a growth path and expand earnings. Lloyd’s of London acts as an insurance industry hub attracting information, specialist human resources, and risk business from around the world. Combining the brand strengths of Lloyd’s and MS Amlin, with the specialist expertise of MS Amlin and the strong financial base of the MS&AD Group, we will achieve optimization of our underwriting portfolio and profit growth. With bases in London, Zürich, Bermuda, and the other main reinsurance markets, we intend to offer reinsurance to high-quality businesses to support insurance industries of countries around the world. In addition, we will use digital technology to make the business more efficient, improve profitability by taking a more sophisticated approach to underwriting operations, and move forward with inorganic growth of the kind achieved through the 2021 acquisition of a U.S. underwriting agent.
Growth strategy in Asia
Measures for profit restoration at MS Amlin
Improvement of non-catastrophe loss ratio of MS Amlin
  76.4%
70.0%
Impact of COVID-19
59.3%
54%
65.8%
62.4%
   Pursuit of profit growth through reform in three areas
2017
(Loss ratio excluding the impact of COVID-19)
2018 2019 2020 2021 (FY) (Forecast)
 To achieve sustainable growth, the MS&AD Insurance Group needs to shift from a profit structure dependent on the domestic non-life insurance business to a business portfolio balanced in terms of both regional and sectoral distribution.
insurance sectors. We will also realize synergistic effects in a wide range of fields with overseas Group companies and partner global insurance companies.
Throughout the almost 90 years since its expansion into the Thai market in 1934, the MS&AD Insurance Group has worked to build a solid customer base. We currently boast 650,000 corporate customers and 8.36 million individual customers, as the world’s only non-life insurance group with underwriting operations in all 10 ASEAN countries.
We have established the leading position within the ASEAN region in terms of premium income. In order to build a stable and highly profitable business base toward reaching our medium- to long-term targets, we are turning the recent changes in the business environment to our advantage by implementing reform in three areas.
Reform in three areas of our Asian business strategy
In the growth pillar that is the international business, we will work first of all for profit growth at MS Amlin, which is steadily implementing measures to restore profitability. At the same time, we will seek to capture the growth of the Asian insurance market, which is expected to expand by around 80% over the next 10 years, in both the non-life and life
The MS&AD Insurance Group is promoting a CSV x DX strategy that uses digital technology to accelerate solutions to social issues. We will roll this out globally, realizing sustainable growth for the Group at the same time as offering solutions to issues specific to individual countries and regions worldwide.
Group Adjusted Profit*1
(¥ billion)
40
30
20
10 0
CAGR around 30% 31.3
  Toward medium- to long-term growth for the international business
30.9
*2
23.2 11.1
2017 2018 2019
32.8
2020 2021 (Forecast)
Development of retail market
• Development of the retail market through local partners, platformers, and financial institutions
            *1 2017 figure shows Group Core Profit
*2 2018 figure includes ¥9.2 billion in gain from the sale of Hong Kong real estate
*3 2020 figure includes the temporary impact of restrictions on activity associated with COVID-19, the
impact of government grants, etc.
(FY)
Strengthening profitability
• Efficient operations based on digital technology
• Initiatives to improve loss ratio
Pursuit of Group synergies
• Development of new commercial business through the underwriting expertise of MS First Capital and MS Amlin
• Collaboration between life and non- life insurance operations (mutual introduction to sales channels, etc.)
 17 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 18

Issue 2 :
Promoting Innovation
How can we redefifine the insurance business for the coming age?
 ⿠Participation in SmartCity X project
⿠Development of disaster prevention solutions that can be used in everyday situations to encourage behavioral change
 ⿠cmap-based app for disaster prevention and mitigation
 ⿠Safe and secure urban design for the future: realization of super cities and smart cities
⿠Study of new traffic safety measures and congestion avoidance measures for the digital age
 ⿠Traffic safety service using telematics data
  ⿠Partnership with University of Tokyo Center of Innovation
 ⿠Calculation of health risk from health diagnosis data using AI
 ⿠Launch of health management support insurance combining prevention, coverage, and consultation
  ⿠Support for corporate health management programs contributing to longer healthy lives for employees
  ⿠Joint research with the Graduate School of Engineering, The University of Tokyo “Voice Analysis and Measurement of Pathophysiology”
 ⿠Development of voice-based algorithm to assess cognitive level
⿠Voice-based detection of advance signs of dementia and mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and proposal of preventive strategies
 ⿠Realization of a sustainable, healthy, longevity society
 ⿠Partnership with RobiZy (Robotic Business Institution of Zenith activity)
 ⿠Building networks with companies that possess knowledge. expertise, and unique services related to agricultural robot
 ⿠Development of specialist insurance products and services related to agricultural robot- related AI, IoT, etc.
 ⿠Contribution to regional revitalization through the popularization and promotion of smart agriculture
 Reform in products and services
Message from Management
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Key Issues
Collaboration with venture companies
Shaping the future with innovation partners
              Throughout history, insurance has always evolved with advances in society. However, the insurance of the future will need to base itself on new concepts beyond the conventional framework.
social change of the future. To do so, we will seek innovation partners worldwide to join us in a quest for true innovation by exploring together all potential paths to resolving diverse social issues. As we redefine the insurance business of the future and society continues to develop, the MS&AD Insurance Group will keep pace by developing business models that ensure continuous growth.
TRANSFORMATIONAL Delivering new value
Mobility
Digital platforms for automobile insurance
Cyber Security
IoT device cyber security diagnosis service
Diverse partnerships
Air mobility services based on drone technology
Cyber security assessment service for small and medium enterprises to large corporations
Swift and appropriate response to automobile accidents using AI and other DX technologies
Insurtech
Provision of value related to insurance cover. Development of cutting-edge services for fire insurance
Sustainability
AI-based climate change risk assessment compliant with TCFD
Delivery of cloud-based insurance IT platforms
Collaboration with diverse partners is essential for progress toward a new level of value in the delivery of insurance services MS&AD Ventures, for example, is a corporate venture capital (CVC) business that we established in 2018 in Silicon Valley. In the intervening two and a half years, it has invested in more than 50 companies in the fields of
Collaboration with innovation partners
InsurTech, Fintech, mobility, healthcare, and cyber security, with 17 business partnership projects already in progress. With an eye to the future, we will seek out innovation partners who can lead the way to change in the insurance industry for further intensification of partnership and collaboration.
  The MS&AD Insurance Group wants to offer bold and innovative solutions that combine Group strengths with cutting-edge digital technology in a way that embraces not only immediate social issues but also looks ahead to the
Resolution of social issues through open innovation
 Toward the creation of sustainable innovation
New
CORE
The resolution of various social issues requires the formation of ecosystems across the boundaries between different industries. We will pursue innovation that leads to the resolution of social issues in partnership with local governments and university research institutions, local financial institutions, and enterprises in other industries. This
will facilitate practical trials and ongoing development work to ensure its ultimate practical application in society. By additionally realizing Group synergies and combining insights received from around the world, we aim to develop distinctive products and services and create new business models that set us apart from our competitors.
 ADJACENT
Value maximization in existing domains
Examples of projects in partnership between industry, government and academia
  • Introduction of software as a service (SaaS)-type insurance platforms • Provision of IoT device cyber security diagnosis development
• Launch of multi-factor cyber risk assessment service
Phase 1 Project participation
Phase 2
Start of joint research and
Phase 3 Development of products
Phase 4 Resolution of social issues
Fundamental role
• Launch of repair business referral service using drone network
• Development of loan screening model for individuals based on insurance data and AI
• Launch of climate change impact quantitative assessment service covering the whole world
driverless mobility services
of insurance
• Launch of AI-based automation for instant reporting of automobile accidents
• Launch of AI-based online medical examination and disease consultation service
• Joint cyber security initiatives for connected vehicles
• Launch of drone- and AI-based surveying of flood damage
• Introduction of AI-based automobile repair estimate checking system
• Joint initiatives for air travel revolution
• Initiatives to realize remote-controlled automated
• Industry–academia partnership initiatives for the realization of Smart Cities
• Establishment of U.S. insurance software development company
New
practical trials
and services
  Existing
  19 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 20
HOW TO WIN
(Source: recent press releases from Group companies)
Change in markets and customers
WHERE TO PLAY

Issue 3 :
Response to Climate Change
 What kind of social change will make an ongoing contribution to reducing the current high level of climate change risk worldwide?
 Applicable categories:
 Applicable categories:
  Products and services to support the realization of a zero-carbon society
• Providing comprehensive risk cover for business operators in renewable energy and related fields. We also provide business enterprises with renewable
energy support services to promote the stable development of the
renewable energy business.
CO2 absorption initiatives using natural capital
• In the 14 years to 2019, approximately 31,700 tons of CO2 were absorbed in our Indonesian tropical forest restoration project. In Japan, we are engaged
in tree-planting activities at Bihoro in Hokkaido.
   Mitigation
   • cmap is a free-to-use public website that shows the
predicted damage to buildings in each municipal authority area in real time immediately after a typhoon, torrential rain, or earthquake.
Support for business continuity plan (BCP)
measures designed to prevent and mitigate accidents and disasters
Adapt
  ation
• Support for risk
analysis, strategy
formulation, and
information
disclosure through
“Prediction Map Showing Changes in Flood Frequencies” and “Climate Change Impact Assessment Service.”
Specialist climate change risk consultancy
Message from Management
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Key Issues
Group targets
Setting of new targets toward net zero in 2050
   Toward realizing net zero in 2050, we have set a new CO2 reduction target in line with the 1.5°C target of the Paris Agreement, and a target for the introduction rate of renewable energy. Reform of business styles will improve the efficiency of employee mobility and office utilization and
thereby reduce gasoline and electric power consumption. In parallel, we are progressing with the introduction of renewable energy including by installing solar power generation facilities.
   FY2030
FY2050
Scope 1 + 2*1
CO2 emissions
reduction target (Base year FY2019)
-50%
Net zero
Scope 3*2
CO2 emissions
reduction target (Base year FY2019)
Renewable energy introduction rate target
-50% 60% 1, 3, 5, 7, 13*3
            The increasing frequency and severity of natural disasters that has accompanied the advance of climate change presents the whole world with an enormous shared risk and is one of the greatest challenges facing insurance companies, whose business operations are closely involved with this issue. The MS&AD Insurance Group works not only to achieve more advanced management of risk in its own operations, but also takes action to address the risk of damage from natural disasters. Since 2018, we have declared climate change mitigation and adaptation as a priority issue, and have engaged in a range of related activities, from reduction of environmental impact in our
business activities to proposal through insurance and consultancy of response strategies to climate change risk, and participation in international initiatives. We published a document entitled Business Activities with Consideration for Sustainability in 2020, which is subject to continuous updating. We have also announced our decision to exclude new coal-fired power plants from our insurance underwriting and investment activities. Toward achieving net zero in 2050, we will work with our stakeholders to contribute to the realization of a zero-carbon society.
* The MS&AD Insurance Group endorses the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and practices information disclosure in accordance with its guidelines.
*1 Scope 1 covers the Group’s direct emissions such as gasoline used by its vehicle fleet, while Scope 2 covers indirect emissions, for instance through utilization of electric power, gas, etc.
*2 Indirect emissions from Group business activities, other than those covered by Scope 2.
*3 Category 1: Purchased products and services (applicable items: paper, mail services); 3: Fuel and energy activity other than Scope 1 and 2; 5: Waste generated by business activities; 7: Employee commuting; 13:
Leased assets
Joint initiatives with customers
Toward the practical application of decarbonization technology through the power of risk solutions
From next-generation energy resources such as renewable energy and hydrogen to CCUS* and carbon recycling, we will provide ongoing support for the establishment and practical application of innovative technologies for a zero-carbon society by proposing risk solutions. To move toward a society where the practical application of technology to implement decarbonization will promote local growth, we are also engaged in proactive initiatives to support local revitalization centered around the renewable energy business.
* Carbon capture, utilization and storage
Joint initiatives with investee companies
Supporting the transition to a zero-carbon society through investment and financing
Net zero
all
100%
  Wide-ranging initiatives toward climate change mitigation and adaptation
P. 78 “Climate-Related Disclosure”
   As a financial institution signatory to the PRI, we work to secure medium- to long-term investment return and at the same time to contribute to resolving sustainability- related issues. We engage in constructive dialogue with investee companies from an ESG perspective.
Through green investment and other channels, we will support business enterprises that are working on innovations to realize a zero-carbon society.
 21 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 22
y
g
C
r
l
e
R
n
e
t
m i
e
A
a
r
l
o
b
p
e
a
l
o
p
a
w
u
b t
e
i
S
s
n
s
d
e
R
N
e
g
a
n
t
P
a
u
e n
r
h
o
r
c a
s
e
y
i
a
t
p
l
a k
n
a
e
d
i
r
i
r
u
e
s
S
a
l
d
s
t
u
s n
e
r
t
e
s
N
s

 Message from Management
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 World Map of Natural Catastrophes in 2020*1
The climate change of recent years has led to frequent natural disasters worldwide caused by powerful typhoons and hurricanes, torrential rain, droughts, heatwaves, and other abnormal weather patterns. The scale of each disaster is also increasing, causing damage in countries around the world that far exceeds previous expectations.
The map below shows the top three natural catastrophes by insured loss in the Americas, Europe, and Asia-Pacific.
The MS&AD Insurance Group has helped its customers mitigate economic losses caused by major disasters through the payment of claims, supporting the restoration of business activities and the livelihoods of people around the world.
     February: Windstorm “Ciara”(Europe)
EMEA APAC
Americas September: Hurricane “Sally” 3
Insured loss*2
Approx. ¥232.5 billion
MS&AD’s net incurred loss*3
¥370 million
MS&AD’s share*4
0.16%
Insured loss*2
Approx. ¥221.4 billion
(Approx.¥105.5billion*6)
MS&AD’s net incurred loss*5
¥33.52 billion
E M E A 2
MS&AD’s share*4
15.14%
(31.78%*7)
Insured loss*2
Approx. ¥387.5 billion
MS&AD’s share*4
0.71%
Insured loss*2
Approx. ¥47.6 billion
MS&AD’s net incurred loss*3
¥0.0 billion
E M E A 3
MS&AD’s share4
Insured loss*2
¥1,107.1 billion
MS&AD’s share*4
1.21%
1 July: Flooding (Japan)
2
(United States)
MS&AD’s net incurred loss*3
¥2.73 billion
Americas 1
        January: Flooding(Israel)
August: Hurricane “Laura”
(United States)
MS&AD’s net incurred loss*3
¥13.34 billion
 0.00%
      October: Storm “Alex,” flooding
Americas 2
MS&AD’s share*4
0.78%
Insured loss*2
Approx. ¥34.0 billion
MS&AD’s net MS&AD’s share*4 incurred loss*3
¥0.0 billion 0.00%
(United States Midwest)
(France, Italy)
August: Severe convective storm
Insured loss*2
Approx. ¥918.9 billion
MS&AD’s net incurred loss*3
¥7.16 billion
APAC 3
25
27
29
31
33
35
36
37
39
41
MS&AD’s Value Creation Story
MS&AD’s Value Creation Process
Value Creation Resources: MS&AD’s Competitive Advantage Value Creation System: Business Model and Value Proposition Value Creation Foundation: Global and Diverse Human Assets Value Creation Foundation: Quality
Value Creation Impact: Co-creation of Value with Stakeholders Vision for the Society of 2030 and Materiality Analysis
Seven Priority Issues and CSV
CSV Impact Assessment
   June-September: Flooding (China)
APAC 1
September: Typhoon “Haishen”
(Japan, China, South Korea)
Insured loss*2
Approx. ¥221.4 billion
MS&AD’s net MS&AD’s share*4 incurred loss*3
¥0.0 billion 0.00%
Insured loss*2
Approx. ¥177.1 billion
(Approx. ¥98.1 billion*6)
MS&AD’s net
incurred loss *3 (overseas), *5 (domestic)
¥32.18 billion
MS&AD’s share*4
18.17%
(32.81%*7)
*1. The three most costly insurance market losses from natural catastrophes for the Americas, EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and APAC (Asia and Oceania) during 2020 as listed in Aon’s “Weather, Climate & Catastrophe Insight-2020 Annual Report”
*2. Insured loss: Estimated amount of insurance market loss covered by non-life insurance companies around the world (Source: Aon’s “Weather, Climate & Catastrophe– 2020 Annual Report”). Exchange rate: US$1 = ¥110.71 (used for internal purposes at the end of FY2020)
*3. As of December 31, 2020 Total net incurred loss (claims paid + outstanding claims, reflects recoverable and anticipated recoverable amounts from outward reinsurance contracts) by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance and their overseas subsidiaries. Excludes claims less than ¥50 million at entities outside the affected countries.
*4. Ratio of total net incurred loss of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance and their overseas subsidiaries to the insured loss.
*5. As of March 31, 2021 Total net incurred loss of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance.
*6 As of March 31, 2021 Insurance claims paid in Japan (includes estimates) (Source: The General Insurance Association of Japan) *7. Ratio of total incurred losses by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance to Note 6 above.
23 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 24
MS&AD’s Value Creation
 
 MS&AD’s Value Creation
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix Data Section
  MS&AD’s Value Creation Story
The MS&AD Insurance Group was formed with three groups of insurance companies being integrated with the mission “to contribute to the development of a vibrant society and help secure a sound future for the planet, by enabling safety and peace of mind through the global insurance and financial services business.”
To realize this mission, we need to face those social issues that impede this idea and promptly identify various risks stemming from the issues. Then, through a variety of products and services, we need to prevent risks from occurring or minimize the impact of those risks and to reduce the economic burden when those risks materialize.
By doing so, we help create an environment where customers can live and conduct business in a secure manner. That is our story of value creation.
  Insurance that Changes with the Times
  Insurance has always contributed to the progress of society by supporting the dreams and challenges of companies and individuals through products and services that address risks newly created with the development of society.
Marine insurance
Fire insurance
Personal accident insurance
Automobile insurance
    Identifying Social Issues to be Addressed
  The challenges facing modern society are complex, filled with a wide range of hidden risks. The Group identifies the key issues (materiality) it can contribute to, working to resolve them using a variety
Climate change
Declining birthrate and aging population
Technological innovation
Multidimensional products to address cyber risk
   of approaches.
The Group will confront diversifying social issues, create its story of value creation, and engage on value creation together with its various stakeholders. And with the development of society, we will aim for sustainable growth of the Group and aim to enhance corporate value.
Support for renewable energy businesses
Health management app and health management support
Creating Shared Value (CSV)
      2030
Realize a resilient and sustainable society
 Contribute to the development of a vibrant society and help secure
a sound future for the planet
25 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 26

MS&AD’s Value Creation
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 MS&AD’s Value Creation Process
Here we explain the Group’s system for value creation. We are utilizing the diverse resources of the Group’s business activities together with our stakeholders as the impetus to create new value. Firmly building a system that can sustainably create value in this way leads to an improvement in corporate value over the medium to long term.
     MS&AD’s Competitive Creation Advantage P. 29
Value
Resources
Demonstrating a Competitive Advantage through Diversity
Scale Partnerships Sales channels Global network Capital
Financial Capital
Sufficient and sound financial base for underwriting risk and growth investment
Providing Products and Services that Contribute to Solving Social Issues
Corporate value enhancement through Creating Shared Value (CSV)
       Consolidated net assets Net income
Reduce the economic burden
Business Model
¥3,126.6 billion ¥144.3 billion
 Human and Intellectual Capital
 Most abundant risk data in Japan and the ASEAN region
Number of
risk surveys conducted 811
Building a digital platform
Participants in programs to develop digitally minded human assets
663
Social and Relationship Capital
No. 1 customer base and sales network in Japan
 Global and diverse human assets
Identify and inform on risks
Inputs
  Outcomes
Sustainable growth foundation - Financial Capital -
Pursuit of capital efficiency
¥214.6 billion 6.7%
Continuous and stable shareholder returns
6.7% 4.8%
Innovation by diverse human assets - Human and Intellectual Capital -
Providing work environments that offer a sense of satisfaction
Impacts
Customers
Provision of safety and peace of mind
Shareholders
Long-term improvement in corporate value
Agents
Mutual growth as a partner
Business Partners
Value creation throughout the supply chain
Employees
Human assets as a source of competitiveness
Local Communities/International Society
Cooperation and collaboration for solving issues
Environment
Improvement of
our planet's sustainability
   Group Adjusted Profit Group Adjusted ROE TSR of past 5 years
25.8%
      Shareholder yield Dividend yield
  Employee satisfaction (pride /job satisfaction) Turnover rate
 Outputs
4.4pt (maximum score: 6pt) 3.3%
  Products and services that solve social issues
Ideas born from diversity
  Number of applicants for the Sustainability Contest 354
Number of applicants for the Digital Innovation Challenge Program Approx. 2,700 Projects taken on: 28
 Establishment of strong partnerships - Social and Relationship Capital -
 Disbursing insurance payment of claims and benefits appropriately and speedily
Customer-focused business operations
 Insurance claims paid
Customer satisfaction
¥2,307.7 billion
96.7%
  Expanded problem solving through regional cooperation with local governments across Japan
Number of regional comprehensive cooperation agreements
- Natural Capital -
Contributing to the conservation of biodiversity
Number of employees participating in social contribution activities 26,519
  Our planet's sustainability
Helping to create a zero-carbon society
Renewable energy implementation rate 9.9%
461
  CO2 reductions
32,387 t-CO2
 49 countries worldwide
 41,501
   Number of customers in Japan Corporate: Approx. 2.5 million Individual: Approx. 44 million
Number of domestic non- life insurance agents 83,073
Domestic claims handling service centers 401
Human Assets
P. 33
ERM
P. 59
766,000 m3
78,133 tons
27 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 28
Value Creation System
Business Model and Value Proposition P. 31
Demonstrating a competitive advantage through diversity
Prevent risks from occurring/ minimize the impact
Quality
P. 35
Governance
P. 92
Value Creation Impact
Co-creation of Value with Stakeholders P.36
 Partnerships with top companies in other industries
Natural Capital
Resources necessary for business activities
Paper consumption
Total energy consumption
10,035 tons
871,338 GJ
  Water usage
CO2 emissions (Scope 1 + 2)
 Foundation for Supporting Value Creation
(As of March 31, 2021)
s
e
m
o
D
s
s
e
t
i
c
n
L
f
i
e
I
n
s
s
u
u
r
a
B
n
c
e
e
c
B
u
n
B
s
a
i
r
n
u
e
s
s
n
I
e
I
f
n
i
t
e
L
-
r
n
n
a
o
t
i
N
o
n
c
i
a
t
l
s
B
e
u
s
m
i
o
n
e
D
s
s
s
s
e
F
n
i
i
n
s
s
a
u
n
c
s
i
e
a
c
i
l
v
S
r
e
e
S
r
d
v
e
t
a
i
l
c
e
R
-
k
e
s
i
R
s
B
u
s
i
n
e
i
s
s

MS&AD’s Value Creation
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 MS&AD’s Competitive Advantage
The Group is made up of five insurance companies, each with its own characteristics. The strength of such a diverse Group lies in our foundation to provide products and services that meet the needs of various customers around the world. This foundation gives the Group a competitive advantage which enhances each type of capital, thereby enabling the creation of new value.
 Value Creation Resources
  Financial Capital
 Sufficient and sound financial base for underwriting risk and growth investment
 Human and Intellectual Capital
 Global and diverse human assets
Most abundant risk data in Japan and the ASEAN region
Building a digital platform
 Social and Relationship Capital
 No. 1 customer base and sales network in Japan
Partnerships with top companies in other industries
 Natural Capital
 Resources necessary for business activities
      C1ompetitive Advantage
Scale
The 8th Largest Non-Life Insurance and Financial Services Group in the World
Providing a wide range of products and services that meet the diverse needs of local communities and global markets, including non-life insurance and life insurance, while responding to the rapid changes in society and covering all risks for companies and individuals.
 How to strengthen competitive advantages
Improving Efficiencies through Scale
• Seeking operational efficiencies by eliminating wasteful practices between Group companies
• Improving productivity through digitalization
• Providing a full lineup of products and services through Group collaboration
C2ompetitive Advantage
Partnerships
Dominant Customer Base in Japan
The non-life insurance group most chosen by customers in Japan as a result of solid partnerships with leading companies in different industries, such as the Toyota Group, the Mitsui Group, the Sumitomo Group, and the Nippon Life Group.
 How to strengthen competitive advantages
Strengthening Presence by Pursuing Synergies between Group companies
• Increasing market presence through Group collaboration
• Developing markets by strengthening cooperation with partner companies
C3ompetitive Advantage
Sales Channels
Largest Agent Network and Most Sales Channels
in Japan
Providing points of access anytime, anywhere, through every opportunity from direct sales on smartphones to over-the-counter at financial institutions in addition to the largest agent network in Japan.
 How to strengthen competitive advantages
Examining the Balance between Face-to-Face and Non-Face-to-Face Sales
• Contactless business through digital means
• Customer service and sales support in response to changes in business styles
C4ompetitive Advantage
Global Network
Strong Presence in Major Overseas Markets
Establishing a platform of steady growth in overseas markets by taking advantage of our long-standing network of trust in Asia and our experience and results in the Lloyd’s insurance market, as well as through partnerships with leading insurance companies in each country.
 How to strengthen competitive advantages
Further Strengthening of Global Governance
• Promoting global operational efficiencies by utilizing Group synergies
• Achieving highly effective global governance by strengthening monitoring functions at headquarters for each specialized area
 29 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 30

 MS&AD’s Value Creation
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 Business Model and Value Proposition
Our business model is to provide risk solutions for social issues. Traditionally, the insurance business has always been about covering financial losses. However, from now on, we will meet the various needs of our customers and provide safety and security by having the mechanisms in place to identify and inform on risks, prevent risks from occurring, minimize impact when risks do occur, and support a swift recovery in a seamless way. Providing risk solutions through these three approaches can contribute to a sustainable society and sustainable growth of the Group at the same time.
 Value Creation System
         Identify and inform on risks
Reduce the economic burden
Prevent risks from occurring/minimize the impact
Output
   A Business Model at the Heart of Value Creation
   Identify and inform on risks
Utilizing a wealth of data and the latest analytical algorithms, the Group's professionals with sound knowledge and expertise can identify the risks faced by society, companies and individual customers. By informing clients of the risks before disaster strikes and suggesting proactive measures, we are offering support so that everyone can be fully prepared.
Inform and prevent risks
31 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 32
Reduce the economic burden
Financial compensation after an accident or disaster not only helps people recover in their lives and businesses, but also provides support for people's mental health. The Group develops and provides insurance products and services that apply to a range of issues based on actual cases and specific requests received from its vast customer base. MS&AD meets all insurance needs, from life insurance to non-life insurance.
Provide coverage
Prevent risks from occurring/ minimize the impact
Cooperation and collaboration with stakeholders is essential for solving social issues. Taking advantage of the diverse partnerships that are the strength of the Group, we are focusing on initiatives to hedge and manage risks in society as a whole, including solving problems by utilizing the latest digital technologies and building a new social system through industry, government and academia.
Minimize the impact and recover quickly
  Providing Products and Services that Solve Social Issues
The Group’s vision for its insurance business is to have its products and services embedded into people's lives and businesses. When a risk is likely to occur, the Group will actively issue warnings and advice to avoid the risk, and seamlessly provide a service and financial compensation when the risk materializes. By providing new value that goes beyond the traditional role of insurance, we will expand our lineup of products and services that contribute to solving social issues.
Contributing to a safer mobility society with “TOUGH-Tsunagaru” auto insurance
Case 1
 The “TOUGH-Tsunagaru” auto insurance is Japan's first automobile insurance that scores points for safe driving based on driving data obtained from connected cars. As well as offering driving advice, the insurance gives discounts on
Inform and prevent risks
Support for safe driving
● Safe driving diagnosis report Analyzes driving style to provide safe driving score and advice
● AD TeleMileage
Points are earned by doing things that lead to safe driving, and rewards can be redeemed with the points
premiums for those drivers with good scores. In the unlikely event of an accident, speedy recoveries can be made with an automatic notification service and an accident response service based on driving data.
 Provide coverage
Automobile Insurance
Minimize impact and recover quickly
Automatic notification service Accident response using data
● Phone call to check you are safe when impact detected
● Sophisticated accident response service using driving data obtained from connected cars
  Case 2
Health and productivity management support insurance supporting employee health with an app
 The health and productivity management support insurance uses a health management app to predict future health risks from the results of health examinations. The app helps to improve the health of each and every employee by offering suggestions for a healthier life based on day-to-day living conditions. In the unlikely event that an employee takes a
Inform and prevent risks
Disease prevention with dedicated app
Supporting the promotion of employee health by providing a health management app
• Identifies risks to employee health based on health checkup data.
• Supports health promotion by encouraging changes in behavior.
• Discounts on premiums by up to 5% depending on app usage.
leave of absence due to injury or illness, the insurance compensates the employee for such things as their income, helping to provide a balance between treatment and work. A consulting service is also provided that comprehensively supports health and productivity management.
Insurance coverage
In addition, safe driving leads to discounts on insurance premiums that result in a highly convincing insurance proposition
  Provide coverage
Health & productivity management support insurance
Minimize impact and recover quickly
Support for improvement activities
● Simple health management diagnostics service
● Health management consulting service including help and advice on health and productivity management
   Compensation for income during time off work

 MS&AD’s Value Creation
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix Data Section
 Value Creation Foundation Global and Diverse Human Assets
Under our medium-term management plan, “Vision 2021,” we have committed to building a management foundation that enables all employees to play an active role as a way of supporting our “story of value creation.” Human assets are the source of the Group’s comprehensive strengths and competitiveness. By enabling diverse human assets to exercise their individual abilities to the full and promoting digital transformation (DX), we will generate innovation that leads to the resolution of social issues and thereby realize sustainable growth for the Group.
Human Asset Development
Quantitative data
To implement the Group growth strategy, we engage in a wide range of human asset development programs in Japan and overseas. We also support independent self-education to empower the individual and enable employees to realize their
Aspirations for human asset development
Employee aspiration
Diverse and highly professional employees creating and delivering products and services that meet the needs of customers and society and thereby supporting the Group’s sustainable growth
Structures to support ability development
Diversity & Inclusion
Quantitative data
To address the diverse risks accompanying social change and create shared value through resolution of issues, individual employees need to embrace diversity. To realize sustainable growth at the same time, it is essential to generate innovation, for which the driving force is fusion of knowledge. We will resolve social issues by creating innovation through the encounter between diverse abilities, experiences, and ways
of thinking.
   Ratio of female managers (domestic Group companies)
Ratio of global employees
Human rights training participation rate
16.1%
22.2%
100%
 Productivity improvement
      Education and training investment
Hours of training per employee
Number of participants in “story of value creation” training
Innovation
Knowledge fusion between diverse employees
Promotion of D&I
Corporate competitiveness
Health management
Foundation of D&I
Approx. ¥1.6 billion
9.9 hours
762 (Target group: new recruits)
particular career vision. The growth of individual employees feeds back into the organization and the organization likewise supports the individual in a process that increases engagement.
Workplace aspiration
Realization of a corporate culture in which all employees can participate actively and exercise their abilities to the full so as to achieve results through teamwork
Creation of forums for active generation of diverse ideas
Unconscious bias training
We conduct “Diversity & Inclusion Officers’ Training” for Executive Officers and Directors and “Management Training” for managerial positions, in which managers become aware of their unconscious bias and learn how to control it.
In February 2017, we formulated a Group Basic Human Rights Policy. To fulfill our corporate responsibility of ensuring respect for human rights, we are conducting workplace training under the common theme of “Let's raise awareness of human rights from familiar workplaces.”
Practical Implementation of Health Management
We organize “e-business seminars” — small-group online seminars presented by holding company directors and officers. This is an experiment in creating forums for active generation of ideas and creating a structure of supportive processes and methods.
Human rights training
 Promoting the career development of women
 By the end of fiscal 2030, we aim at achieving the targets of 30% for the Group’s female manager ratio and 15% for the female line manager ratio.
      Training
Self- education
Empowering the individual
100%
92.3%
15 days
85.9%
Since fiscal 2019, we have operated a digital human asset development program unique to the MS&AD Insurance Group through partnerships with universities and other
educational institutions.
To improve international awareness and global business skills, we have put in place a system for interaction and mutual learning between employees in Japan and the other regions of the world.
Work-style reform
Communication
Strengthening organizational capabilities
Energizing the organization
Developing advanced management approaches
Quantitative data
Health checkup participation rate
Awareness rate of speak-up system
Number of annual paid leave days taken
Parental leave uptake rate (total males and females)
   Valuing diversity and fostering a corporate culture that generates innovation
For the MS&AD Insurance Group to achieve global growth, a work environment is needed in which individual employees are empowered to participate actively and maintain high work productivity. Through the practice of health management and work style reforms, we are working to create a workplace that
For matters that are difficult to resolve in the workplace — violations of laws and regulations, violations of internal regulations, or behavior considered inappropriate — we have put in place a system for reports and consultations.
Since fiscal 2016, we have been progressing with the work- style reform, reducing working hours, and working to improve productivity by practicing the management which enables each employee to enhance their expertise and make the most of their diverse abilities.
takes health and safety into consideration and allows employees to maintain and improve their physical and mental health so that they can continue to work with a sense of motivation and satisfaction.
A Group employee awareness survey is conducted every year as a form of fixed-point observation and is used as feedback for improvement of corporate systems, policy measures, and workplace environments. From fiscal 2019, a similar survey has been rolled out to overseas staff.
Digital-savvy human assets
Global human assets
Speak-up system
Employee awareness survey*
  FY2020 achievements
  4.4pt
   4.5pt
   MS&AD Digital Academy
(INIAD: Toyo University Faculty of Information Networking for Innovation and Design)
MS&AD Digital College from Kyoto
(KUAS: Kyoto University of Advanced Science)
System x design cognitive training
497 people
150 people
16 people
Initiatives
Overseas training secondment system
Global trainee system
Headquarters postings for overseas-based local employees
Fiscal 2020 Achievements
Secondment system to obtain an MBA Number of employees who participated in the system in fiscal 2020: 18 people
Number of employees who participated in the system in fiscal 2020:
48 Japan's headquarters employees and 74 overseas employees
A cumulative total of 103 employees have been seconded to duties
in Japan.
Employee satisfaction: “Pride and job satisfaction”
Employee satisfaction “Working vigorously”
*All-employee average on a six-point scale
FY2020 targets
Same or better than previous year
Same or better than previous year
Item
FY2019 achievements
   4.4pt
      * Cumulative figure in all cases. System + design cognitive training began in fiscal 2020.
4.5pt
  33 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 34

MS&AD’s Value Creation
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Quality
In pursuit of utmost quality that meets societal expectations and earns the public’s trust, we engage through various means with stakeholders, starting with our customers, and utilize their input for our initiatives related to product and service quality, compliance, respect for human rights and environmental preservation.
Co-creation of Value with Stakeholders
In cooperation with diverse stakeholders, the MS&AD Group will drive sustainable growth and corporate value enhancement by addressing wide-ranging social issues while promoting environmental and social sustainability.
Customers Enabling safety and peace of mind among customers is the MS&AD Group’s mission.
  Value Creation Foundation
   Customers
Shareholders
Communication with Stakeholders
• Communications with outside vendors
Quality that earns the trust of society
Quality improvement, sound organizational management, respect for human rights
Creating shared value with society (CSV)
2030
Realize a resilient and sustainable society
There is no such thing as a risk-free life. In addition to indemnifying economic losses when they occur, the MS&AD Group develops and provides products and services that aim to prevent loss events, minimize their impact and facilitate rapid recovery through utilization of digital technologies that render risks visible and preemptively mitigate them. We will help solve social issues and support social sustainability as an insurer capable of meeting diverse customer needs and providing safety and peace of mind under any circumstances.
Ubie is an AI-powered healthcare app that queries patients about their symptoms and informs them of likely diagnoses, the type of doctor they should see and nearby clinics/ hospitals.
       Understanding, analysis and examination of content
 Improvements (products / services / business processes)
• Customer surveys
• Contact center
• MS&AD website
• Communication with
• Employee surveys
• Posting system
• Communication with
agents and employees (e.g., inquiries, consultations, requests, complaints)
management
• Speak-up system
cmap, a real-time loss prediction app, pushes emergency information notifications such as severe weather warnings and evacuation orders.
  • IR meetings
• Briefings for investors
• Individual meetings
• Survey at the Annual
• Collaboration agreements with local governments
We proactively engage in constructive dialogue with shareholders and other investors, share their feedback with management and other concerned staff and incorporate it into management strategies. To further elevate our engagements with both Japanese and overseas investors in pursuit of growth in shareholder value, we will place priority on disseminating information to and dialoging with investors through various opportunities.
Fiscal 2020 Achievements
Shareholders’ Meeting
• Communication/exchanges with local communities
5 sessions
109 sessions
73 sessions
• Communication with NPOs/NGOs
Briefings for individual investors
Briefings for Japanese institutional investors
Briefings for overseas investors
• Holding of seminars/ symposiums
Shareholders
The MS&AD Group will pursue sustainable growth and corporate value enhancement.
   • Meetings between agents and MS&AD sales
• Research on global environment and natural disasters
grow as insurance professionals together.
• Communication with experts and NPOs/NGOs
Agents
We aim to build relationships where agents can establish close rapport with customers and
   • Posting system
• Agent meetings
• Participation in initiatives and international conferences
We work with agents to identify the needs of individual customers, operating from a customer-centric perspective to recommend the optimal insurance products.
MS1 Brain Remote creates new points of contact between agents and customers via digital technology such as smartphones. It provides secure communication channels, including video chat, thus enabling a new style of insurance solicitation that is not dependent on face-to-face contact.
With PRIMARY CREATIVE STUDIO, a video streaming studio equipped with the latest digital hardware, we are strengthening sales support for agents by implementing new live training programs in a remote environment, as well as providing educational material via our website.
Employees’ job satisfaction and career fulfillment are a driver of the MS&AD Group’s growth.
We also strive to improve the customer experience by putting in place digital infrastructure to support agent activities.
 Response to the new social patterns emerging from COVID-19
  Customers
Agents
• We have maintained business continuity to pay insurance claims without delay and endeavored to minimize any inconvenience for customers by providing numerous ways to contact us and file claims, including not only telephone but also online and postal mail.
• In response to the pandemic, we have revised the scope of existing insurance coverage and rolled out new products and services to meet customer needs stemming from societal changes, including comprehensive coverage plans for telecommuting, comprehensive coverage plans for medical institutions and a business continuity planning tool for infectious disease scenarios.
  • We are building stronger relationships with agents by improving operating efficiency through digitalization, including our MS1 Brain platform, and mutually developing new content and tools for communicating with customers. Amid such an environment, we are carrying out various initiatives to revamp how we collaborate with agents, using the pandemic as an opportunity to promote independence and self-motivation.
• We have been communicating with investors more proactively than in the past through webcasts. For example, we have been holding more small meetings on specific topics, increased attendance at ESG briefings and conducted IR activities aimed at individual investors living far from in-person events.
  Employees
• We are operating on a Group-wide hybrid model that effectively utilizes remote working in combination with on-site staffing on a rotating schedule based on local conditions.
• We have started offering Traffic Interruption Paid Leave to employees unable to come to the office because they have elementary-school age or younger children whose schools or daycare facilities are closed in response to the pandemic and are unable to work from home because of the nature of their jobs or a lack of requisite infrastructure.
• We provide employees with the means to continue working during the pandemic by helping them to set up their own telework environment through such means as lending them Wi-Fi routers. We will also promote entrenchment of teleworking as an effective means of improving productivity and leveraging diverse human assets.
  Shareholders
  Local Communities
• To expedite vaccination against COVID-19, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance has made Century Hall, a 300-person-capacity venue adjoining its head office building, available free of charge to Shibuya Ward as a vaccination site.
    35 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 36
Business Partners
Employees
Local Communities / International Society
Value Creation Impact
 Agents
Environment
Contribute to the development of a vibrant society and help secure a sound future for the planet
 Business Partners
We take sustainability into consideration throughout our supply chains.
Employees
 The MS&AD Group engages business partners through various initiatives focused on thorough compliance, respect for human rights and environmental preservation. Initiatives to reduce environmental burdens in particular aim to contribute to a sustainable society throughout the value chain, largely through green procurement of goods used in business operations, including preferential purchasing of eco- friendly products.
The Group fosters workplace environments where one can be employed at for as long as they want and offers opportunities for all employees to thrive. We will strengthen our international competitiveness around innovation by cultivating a corporate culture that respects diverse values. For information on specific initiatives, see pp.33–34 “Global and Diverse Human Assets”
  Local Communities / International Society We are addressing social issues in collaboration with diverse partners.
Involvement in international networks and cooperation with Japanese and foreign industry organizations are crucial to addressing global- scale social issues such as climate change and biodiversity loss. Regional revitalization requires cooperation with local governments and collaboration among industry, government and academia. By working together with such diverse partners, the MS&AD Group helps to ensure environmental and social sustainability and contributes to the development of a vibrant society.
We develop activities that are useful to the local community through the three pillars of providing information, corporate exchange, and contributing to local communities. We have started offering webcast seminars for local companies, and over 500 companies have participated.
  Environment The MS&AD Group will help secure a sound future for the planet.
 We will take sustainability into consideration in all of our business activities toward realization of net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. We will also demonstrate leadership on climate change and work to preserve biodiversity and improve natural capital’s sustainability.
Group personnel carry out wetland preservation activities as MS&AD Ramsar Supporters in 11 locations throughout Japan, most of which are Ramsar Convention- registered wetlands, to preserve wetlands’ biodiversity. In FY2020, the pandemic prompted us to start an At-home Ramsar Supporters Program, where families could learn about biodiversity and the environment by watching videos together at home.
 
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Vision for the Society of 2030 and Materiality Analysis
Aiming to realize a resilient and sustainable society and creating shared value (CSV) is the MS&AD Insurance Group's growth vision, which helps us to attain our mission. We share with our stakeholders the image of society that we aim to achieve, discuss areas in which we can contribute, and engaging with them in relation to the results that are expected of the Group. To this end, we are promoting initiatives to implement materiality analyses to identify areas that will lead to growth over the medium term.
Our image of society in 2030
Assessing Materiality
The level of contribution to society’s sustainability
global risks, we have clarified the issues that society wants to solve. We also considered the assessment criteria provided by ESG evaluation organizations as society’s benchmark for companies, referring to these criteria to determine materiality.
 To determine the social issues the Group should tackle, we first conducted a dialogue with our stakeholders to sound out their expectations for us. Based on ISO 26000, the SDGs, and
 ● Engagement with Stakeholders
• Customer feedback
• Communication with shareholders (information meetings, etc.) • Agent questionnaires
• Communication with NPOs/NGOs
• Communication with other companies in the initiative
● ISO 26000 Core Subjects and Issues
● Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
● The Global Risks Report 2021 (World Economic Forum)
● New Industrial Structure Vision (Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry)
● ESG assessment criteria (DJSI)
Priority Criteria
 Resilient and Sustainable Society
Resilient
The ability to minimize damage from unforeseen circumstances, adapt to new environments and return to growth
Sustainable
The ability to maintain a balance among the economy, environment and society, and to ensure that the global environment and social systems will remain in place throughout future generations.
     Social Issues that Hinder Our Future Image of Society
  Diversified / large-scale accidents and disasters
Mounting burden of nursing / medical care associated with aging population
  Global environment approaching the limit (climate change, depletion of resources, etc.)
Decline in social vitality due to widening inequalities
            Seven Issues the MS&AD Group should Solve
5
Contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation
7
Work toward the realization of “leaving no one behind”
3
Strive for resilient community development
1
Deal with new risks
2
Create a mobility society without accidents
6
  1
Deal with new risks
 By recognizing, preparing for and dealing with new risks that may occur in a highly developed and more complex technological society, we can enjoy, and utilize, technological progress with peace of mind.
 2
Create a mobility society without accidents
 The risks associated with autonomous driving have been reduced, and a safer, more comfortable mobility society is being realized. Moreover, mobility is sufficiently being secured with an inexpensive transportation system everyone can use.
 3
Strive for resilient community development
We are equipped with both hardware and software so that we can recover quickly even when affected by natural disasters. Work styles are being formed to cater to the lives of the next generation and distinctly unique communities that attract people are being developed.
4
 Support “good health and longevity”
 Quality of life is maintained in old age with access to medical and health care services and proper funding for retirement.
5
 Contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation
  Decarbonization in society in line with the Paris Agreement is progressing, while preparations are being made to combat the effects of natural disasters and adverse weather due to the impact of climate change.
 6
Strive to improve the sustainability of natural capital
Economic and social institutions are being managed in sustainable ways and biodiversity loss is being significantly reduced, enabling people to enjoy the multifunctional role and value of nature.
7
 Work toward the realization of “leaving no one behind”
 With economic growth comes increasing access to insurance and financial services. All sorts of people can get involved and play an active role in society.
   4
Strive to improve the sustainability of natural capital
Support “good health and longevity”
 37 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 38
The level of impact on the long-term growth of the MS&AD Insurance Group
The level of contribution on the long-term growth of the MS&AD Insurance Group
Looking ahead to 2030, the target year of the SDGs, we examined further the risks and opportunities from among the
selected social issues that could affect us in view of our long- term performance and profit-generating opportunities.
The level of contribution to society’s sustainability

MS&AD’s Value Creation
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Seven Priority Issues and CSV
Since 2018, when the medium-term management plan "Vision 2021" began, we have been engaged in the CSV focusing on seven key issues. Over the past three years, interest in social issues such as climate change and the spread of infectious diseases has rapidly increased, and the Group has also stepped up its CSV initiatives that contribute to solving various social issues. In addition, progress with digital transformation (DX) has made it possible to take on issues that were previously difficult to solve. Going forward, we will continue to engage in CSV to contribute to the sustainability of society and the long-term growth of the Group.
The social issues the Group is tackling are diverse. The role of insurance companies is expanding in a rapidly changing social environment where new risks are constantly emerging, while existing risks are becoming increasingly more serious. Here, we will introduce some advanced initiatives that contribute to solving social issues in response to the growing demands of society due to the coronavirus pandemic.
 Ubie’s AI-powered medical consultation app
    もし か して 病 気 な の か な? 病院で診てもらった方が いいのかな...
最近、 なんかいつもと違う...
どこの病院に行けばいいのだろう? で も 、な か な か 調 べ る 時 間 が とれないな・・・。
知 って い る 人 に 相 談 し にくい 。 誰にも知られずに、 今の症状を詳しく知る方法はない?
保険業界初※の提携サービス 病気と対処法を調べる
24時間スマホでお気軽にご利用いただけます!
W e b 上 で A I か ら の 症 状( 病 気 の 状 態 )に 関 す る 質 問 に お 答 え い た だ く と 、 現 在 の 症 状 と 関 連 性 の 高 い 「 疾 患 」 、「 そ の 疾 患 に つ い て の 情 報 」 、「 受 診 す べ き 診 療 科 」 、「 近 隣 の 医 療 機 関 」 を ご 確 認 いただけます。
スマホで かんたんアクセス!
※と生な命り保ま険す会。(社20の21ホ年ー2ム月ペ三ー井ジ住を友窓海口上とあしいたおい客生さ命ま調向べけ)サービスとしては国内初  AI受診相談ユビーは U b i e 株式会社が提供するサービスです。
               By using AI to answer questions online, the service allows users to check, for free, information highly relevant to current symptoms such as “illness and relevant information,” “relevant clinical department,” and “medical institutions in the vicinity.” The service started in July 2021 for the first time* in domestic life insurance. Provided there is an internet connection, the service enables users to freely consult, even about minor symptoms, at any time. Ubie is expected to encourage patients to seek medical advice sooner and prevent more serious illness.
* In-house research as of June 30, 2021
    Compensation service for cattle diagnostic fees (with U-motion)
 In collaboration with Desamis Co., Ltd., a leading company in livestock IoT, insurance has been developed as an ancillary product for diagnostic fees for sensors attached to cattle. The sensor quickly detects abnormalities in cattle, helping to reduce mortality rates,
and also contributes to stabilize farmers’ businesses by covering the farmer's copayment of diagnostic fees with public agricultural fraternal insurance. It has also helped solve a wide range of long-standing issues in the livestock industry, such as improving profitability for public agricultural fraternal insurance and improving the working environment for farmers and veterinarians.
    Products recall expenses insurance for food service businesses - Shoku-eco
An insurance product is provided in partnership
Products that would previously have been discarded
Sold at low price through the KURADASHI food-sharing platform
with Kuradashi Co., Ltd., which operates a
social contribution food sharing platform. When
a food service business recalls food due to
Purchased by KURADASHI
 misprinting expiry dates, etc., food that is Food
Consumers
Food loss reductions
perfectly fine in terms of quality is, rather than being discarded, purchased by Kuradashi. Businesses receive a 10% discount on insurance premiums due to reduced disposal costs. A new means to use food that would otherwise be discarded has been created, leading to reduction of wasted food.
producers
Insurancecost reductions
Food loss Disposal costs
Mitigation of disposal costs (insurance payments)
    •5
Promoting CSV with the Power of DX
    • Real-time damage forecasting website "cmap.dev"
• Weather alert service
• Maps predicting change in flood frequency due to climate change
• Insurance to support stable supply of green power certificates
• Compensation plan for mega-solar power generation
• Provision of insurance for renewable energy such as wind power,
Contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation
 small and medium-sized hydro power, etc.
• Comprehensive compensation plan for small wind power generation
• Corporate support measures for transition to a decarbonized society,
   and carbon neutral support
• Consulting with the TCFD recommendations
7
Work toward the realization of “leaving no one behind”
1
     • The Dementia Kobe Model (initiatives to promote a dementia friendly community in Kobe, Japan)
operators of the GIGA school
• Cyber insurance
• Compensation plan for sales
concept
• Comprehensive compensation
Deal with new risks
   • Special policy for social contribution
• Insurance system for foster parents
• Dedicated fire insurance for
plan for telecommuting
• Comprehensive compensation
 indigenous households (Malaysia)
• Microinsurance (Philippines)
• Insurance for people with disabilities
6
Strive to improve the sustainability of natural capital 2
•
• • •
insurance for drones
• Comprehensive compensation
(Malaysia)
providers
• IoT device cybersecurity
 •
4
Support “good health and longevity”
Natural capital risk assessment consultation
• Support services to help reduce accidents and automobile insurance by utilizing telematics technology
3
Strive for resilient community development
Simplified evaluation services of water-related risks Biodiversity-conscious land-use consulting
Create a mobility society without accidents
Products recall expenses insurance for food service businesses
(see p. 40 for details)
plan for smartphone payment
diagnostics service
 Compensation service for cattle
diagnostic fees
(see p. 40 for details)
 • Solutions using data analysis to prevent accidents and disasters
using electromagnetic induction lanes • Ancillary alert function using AI
• Claims service using state-of-the-art
• Proposal campaign for natural disaster preparation
• • • • •
• • •
•
Insurance to support health and productivity management Special policy for applying medical examination rate Health management insurance premium rate
Tontine annuities
The “Sukoyaka” nursing care support desk
Seminars on breast cancer, uterine cancer, and colon cancer “Kokokara Diary” app, “Karada-Care Navi” website, “Advanced Medical Technology” website, “Advanced Medical Care Navi” website
Community activities to raise awareness about preventing dementia
telematics technology
• Provision of dash cameras for
• Disaster risk insurance facility
• SDGs online platform
• Slope collapse risk diagnostics
• Regional revitalization
motorcycles
• "Tele-mileage” and "The Brain Trainer
• Automobile insurance for truck convoys
• Automobile insurance for self-driving cars
 Weather index insurance platform for farmers (Australia)
  For weather insurance, which is usually tailor-made and takes time to quote, we have developed a platform with MSI GuaranteedWeather and Australian InsurTech companies, that allows farmers to get quotes in real time. Traditional crop insurance coverage is often limited to wildfires and hailstorms, but this product covers weather conditions such as drought, high and low temperatures, and rainfall just before harvest, helping to stabilize farmers’ businesses in countries with frequent natural disasters.
    Supporting the implementation of Japan's first level 3 remote unmanned autonomous driving mobility service
  Image provided by the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology
 The driving of autonomous cars has started to solve local traffic problems in Eiheiji Town in Fukui Prefecture. To run Japan's first level 3 remote unmanned autonomous driving mobility service, we are utilizing knowledge and expertise accumulated through surveys and research to date to identify risks expected at level 3 and consider appropriate mitigation measures. According to the actual risk situation, we are supporting the smooth operation of the service in terms of both safety and profitability by providing automobile insurance with reasonable insurance premiums.
  Exercise” promotion schemes for safe • driving
 Ubie’s AI-powered medical consultation app
(see p. 40 for details)
 Support for an autonomou
driving mobility service
(see p. 40 for details)
s
  39 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 40
Weather index insurance platform (Australia)
(see p. 40 for details)
The level of impact on the long-term growth of the MS&AD Insurance Group
The level of contribution to society’s sustainability

MS&AD’s Value Creation
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 CSV Impact Assessment
Impact on Society
Number of companies/ organizations protected against cyber risks (Companies) 12,330
Economic Impact on the Group
Net premiums written from cyber risk insurance
6.50 7.18 4.93
2018 2019 2020 (FY)
Operating results of insurance premiums for telematics automobile insurance
(for individual customers) 75.5 (¥ billion)
33.2 8.3
2018 2019
Ripple effect on
net premiums written
   Social sustainability
A society where everyone can pursue well-being with the development of dynamic business activities and stable lifestyles in the future
 Corporate Group supporting a resilient and sustainable society
A company that grows together with society by solving social issues through the insurance business
Group sustainable growth
   1 Products to address cyber
(¥ billion)
risk 15000
13,516 80 70 60 50 40 30 20 10
2020 (FY) 0
Provide support for cybersecurity12000 countermeasures and 9000
9,846
2018
 compensation in preparation for Deal with damages resulting from the unlikely
new risks event of a cyberattack 3000 0
2019
Tontine annuities that
4 support future asset (¥ billion)
annuity agreements
(Thousand agreements)
36
A foreign-currency-denominated
meets the “usage” needs of 1.9
3.4
2019
4.8
2020 (FY)
40
35
30
25
20
15
10
27 13
2018 2019
Support “good 20 health and customers who receive the greater 10
50
longevity” amount of annuity the longer they live
Comprehensive
5 Compensation Plan for
0
2018
2020 (FY)
6000
   2
Telematics-based safe
Number of vehicles protected by services
driving support services 1000
(Thousand vehicles)
382
2019
867 800 700 600 500 400 300 200 100
2020 (FY) 0
Provide services that support safe 800
driving utilizing telematics
Create a 600 technology
mobility * Both Observe and Protect Automobile 400 society Insurance (Dashcam Type) and the Toyota 200
99
2018
"Tsunagaru" (Connected) Car Insurance Plan
without 0 accidents
2020 (FY)
   3
Strive for Provide products and services that 300 resilient solve regional social issues in 200 community cooperation with local governments100
development 0
formation 50
40 individual annuity insurance that 30
Number of agreements with local governments
Regional revitalization initiatives in collaboration 500 with local governments 400
(Agreements)
283
2018
(¥ billion)
Approx.14.4
2020 (FY)
annuity received
374
2019
461 150
120 Approx.9.5
90 60 30
2020 (FY) 0 2019
   Total amount of tontine Number of tontine
   Contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation
6
Strive to improve the sustainability of natural capital
7
Work toward the realization of “leaving no one behind”
compensation products to mega-
Approx.1,700
2018
15 10 5 0
1.18
Mega-Solar Power Generation
CO2 emissions from thermal power generation equivalent to
the volume of the contractor's mega-solar power generation (thousand tons) 30
New premium for the comprehensive compensation plan for mega-solar
power generation
(¥ billion)
1.94
2018 2019
43 MS&AD’s Strategy
45 Medium- to Long-term Growth
47 Progress of the Vision 2021 Medium-term Management Plan
53 Financial and Capital Strategy
57 Risk Management
59 ERM-based Group Management
61 Enhancing Capital Efficiency and Achieving Sustainable Profit Growth
63 Financial and Non-financial Highlights 65 11-year Performance
67 Reports by Segment
67 Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
69 Domestic Life Insurance Business 71 International Business
73 Financial Services Business
74 Risk-Related Services Business
75 Asset Management
76 ESG Investing
77 Compliance with Japan’s Stewardship Code
78 Climate-Related Disclosure
82 Special Feature: How CSV × DX Will Bring
About the Next Stage for MS&AD
The provision of combined
550
440 Approx.4,000 25 330 Approx.3,000 20
2.52
insurance and derivative
solar operators 220
* Calculation based on national average 110 power generation results from NEDO solar
field test and the default values of emission 0 factors by electric utility.
2019
2020 (FY)
2020 (FY)
   Simplified evaluations of
Ratio of facilities where water shortage risks are high (cumulative)
Number of sites implementing simplified evaluations of water-related risks
(Facilities) 244 264
water-related risks
(%)42.0 40.7 39.7 270 250
Assess flooding, drought and other 0.5
water resource risks at business 0.4
230 210 190 170
2020 (FY) 150
224
2018 2019
sites, and support business from 0.3
the perspective of risk management0.2
* Facilities with a water stress value (ratio of 0.1 water intake accounted by annual water
supply volume) above 40% 0.0
Dedicated fire insurance for indigenous households in Malaysia 60 Dedicated fire insurance for 50 residential building programs aimed 40 at improving the living environment of 30 indigenous people in Malaysia. The 20
packaged to support the scheme.
2018
2019
2020 (FY)
   insurance is developed to be 10
0
2019
2020 (FY) 0 2019
2020 (FY)
Number of indigenous homes offered our insurance
(cumulative)
(Homes) 57 8000
Fire insurance premiums for indigenous households (MYR)
22
7000
6000
5000
4000 3,060 3000
2000 1000
6,801
  41 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 42
Strategy and Performance
 
 Strategy and Performance
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 MS&AD’s Strategy
The MS&AD Insurance Group is on the verge of creating the world-leading insurance and financial services group that we have pursued since our founding through the story of value creation with our customers, shareholders and other stakeholders. As part of the medium-term management plan, “Vision 2021,” launched in fiscal 2018, the Group set out “resilient and sustainable society” as the image of society we aim to achieve in 2030 and is charting sustainable growth by managing the Group based on the creation of shared value (CSV).
  New Frontier 2013
Next Challenge 2017
       Profit level (IFRS basis) ROE
 ¥500 billion
 12%
     CO2 emissions
 2030
 (vs. FY2019) –50%
 2050
 Zero
     D&I
 Ratio of female officers* (Holding company)
Ratio of female managers (Group target)
 Ratio of female line managers (Group target)
 30%
30%
 15%
Issues Buffeted by large-scale natural catastrophes, including the Great East Japan Earthquake and floods in Thailand in 2011, the Group Core Profit target for the final year was revised downward. Furthermore, due to large-scale insurance payments on account of record-breaking snowfall in the Kanto Koshinetsu region in February 2014, the Group ended up missing its targets for Group Core Profit and Group ROE.
Numerical Management Targets
insurance industry suffered its worst insurance losses on record due to major natural catastrophes (North American hurricanes, etc.). The international business’s profits consequently decreased sharply. The Group ended up falling short of the plan’s Group Core Profit and Group ROE targets.
(Billions of yen)
Note: See following pages for achievements and issues up to FY2020.
Group Adjusted Profit
Domestic non-life insurance (excluding gains/losses on sales of strategic equity holdings)
Domestic life insurance
189.8
146.9 (65.1)
Forecast
300.0
171.0 (136.0)
Initial targets
350.0
182.0 (142.0)
(Billions of y
)
  Revised targets*6
 FY2014 Results
FY2017
Results
Initial targets
Revised targets*4
155.7
105.0
160.0
220.0
92.4
190.1
100.0
135.0
20.4
34.3
16.0
15.0
38.2
-125.0
39.0
66.0
4.6
5.6
6.0
5.0
5.9%
3.7%
7.0%
7.5%
2,940.7
3,446.9
3,100.0
3,570.0
96.0%
92.8%
95% or less
93%range
-
-
-
-
59.7
41.3
more than 45.0
more than 50.0
 300.0
Group Core Profit*1
Domestic non-life insurance
FY2010 Results
14.5
6.5
Results
94.8
47.8
FY2013
Initial targets
150.0
100.0
Revised targets
110.0
60.0
 Domestic life insurance
Financial services business and risk-related services business
4.1
1.8
24.4
18.0
4.4
15.0
30.0
5.0
15.0
 International business
30.0
  Group ROE*1
Consolidated net premiums written
Combined ratio
(domestic non-life insurance)
2,541.4
1.9
0.8%
4.5%
2,809.5
-
7.0%
2,700.0
2,700.0
5.0
7.0%
  Annualized premiums2of policies in force (life insurance)*
Increase in EV*3 of MSI Aioi Life
278.0
-
-
-
 333.5
330.0
330.0
 -
-
-
-
   177.0 (150.0)
   *1 The definitions for Adjusted Profit and Adjusted ROE identified as numerical management targets have been revised under the medium-term management plan, “Vision 2021,” which was initiated in FY2018. *2 Figures for MSI Aioi Life (excluding group insurance). The figure for FY2010 is the total for MSI Kirameki Life and Aioi Life.
*3 “EV” stands for embedded value. (See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 111) for details.)
*4 FY2017 numerical management targets are revised higher from the initial FY2016 targets.
*5 Life insurance premiums (gross premiums income) are those of domestic life insurance subsidiaries only.
*6 FY2021 numerical management targets were revised from their initial values in FY2020 in light of stage 1 progress.
43 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 44
International business
31.6
5.4
43.0
80.0
45.0
117.0
41.0
75.0
2030 Aspirations
Financial
E (Environmental)
S (Social)
* Directors + Audit & Supervisory Board members + executive officers
 (FY2010–FY2013)
Founding of the Group
The MS&AD Insurance Group was founded with the mission of “contributing to the development of a vibrant society and helping secure a sound future for the planet.”
Management Issues
Achievements We steadily undertook initiatives geared toward returning the domestic non-life insurance business to profitability and moved forward in securing financial soundness.
In addition, we made progress with Group business integration, including the building of common platform systems for the domestic non- life insurance business, and we clarified the shape of Group business integration as a result of reorganization by function in 2013.
(FY2014–FY2017)
Development of the Story of Value Creation
Advanced Group integration based on the story of value creation and realizing our mission
Enhance earning power in the domestic non-life insurance business
Improve capital efficiency
Achievements We made progress in reorganization by function, while restoring profitability in the domestic non-life insurance business and putting in place a stable earnings foundation. We also realized improved capital efficiency and built a platform for growth by strengthening ERM and promoting sales of strategic equity holdings and investments in overseas businesses.
Vision 2021
(FY2018–FY2021)
Develop management based on CSV
Realize sustainable growth by creating shared value through corporate activities
Aspirations during plan’s term
Be a corporate group that helps realize a resilient and sustainable society
   Improve profitability in the domestic non-life insurance business
Ensure financial soundness
General Overview
Become a world-leading insurance and financial services group
Build resilient systems that can respond to changes in the environment
Key Strategy
  (1) Pursue the Group’s Comprehensive Strengths
(2) Promote Digitalization (3) Reform the Portfolio
  FY2018 Results
FY2021
Growth Vision
Profit level
(2) Expand overseas operations’ foundations and invest in new businesses
(1) Strengthen and improve existing earnings foundation
2030
    CSV × DX × GLOBAL (4) Create and monetize new
businesses
 (3) Monetize value-chain links before and after insurance coverage (MS&AD Value Strategy)
 Financial services business/risk-related services business
5.8
6.0
6.0
7.0
  Group Adjusted ROE
Consolidated net premiums written
 Vision 2021 2021
 Next medium-term 2025 management plan
Economic solvency ratio (ESR)
6.1%
3,500.4
1,599.9
819.4
199%
8.5%
3,613.0
1,010.0
180%- 220%
10.0%
3,710.0
1,050.0
180%- 220%
10.0%
  3,580.0
 Life insurance premiums 5 (Gross premiums income)*
1,200.0
1,600.0
1,000.0
 MSI Aioi Life’s EEV
962.0
 180%- 220%
         Issues In FY2017, the plan’s final year, the global non-life
en

 Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 Medium- to Long-term Growth
    Recognition of the Business Environment
Politics (legal trends that regulate business)
World
Risks and Opportunities
Four Social Issues
Diversified/large-scale accidents and disasters
Growth strategy that sees environmental changes as an opportunity
Solving social issues with digital technology
CSV DX GLOBAL
Taking the initiative in combating climate change, helping to
Aspirations for 2030
         • Dealing with climate change, reinforcement of regulations toward a zero- carbon society
Corporate Group Supporting a Resilient and Sustainable Society
• Movement to strengthen capital regulations (international capital standards / ICS)
Risks
Opportunities
Construction of new business models (e.g., telematics insurance, InsurTech)
Market developments along new sales channels Creation of new markets from the emergence of new risks (e.g., drones, cyber, sharing)
    • Increased polarization and the rise of populism and nationalism
• Reinforcement of regulations such as legislation on human rights
Possibility of transformation and downsizing of existing businesses (e.g., conventional automobile insurance)
protection and personal information protection
• Impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic
Unknown epidemics and accidents/crimes on an unexpected scale
Increase in insurance claims due to frequent, large-scale accidents Emergence of new risks due to the greater use of IoT and the post-digital era
Risk management and product development stemming from the use of big data
Through our Group’s Business
 Seven Priority CSV Issues
 Building
resilient communities
Climate change mitigation and adaptation
Improving the
sustainability Leaving no
of natural one behind capital
Dealing with Mobility Good health
new risks society without and longevity accidents
Japan
• Changes in law (Corporate Governance Code, Stewardship Code, TCFD recommendations), and ongoing demands to reduce strategic equity holdings
 • Strengthening governance in line with supervisory guideline revisions Society (demographics, values, trends, etc.)
Increase in large-scale cyber attacks Growing asset management risks
  World
Global environment approaching its limit
Risks
• Climate change, more intense and frequent natural disasters, and the increased probability of large earthquakes
Opportunities
    • Expansion of regional conflicts, expansion and consolidation of disparities such as that between poverty and wealth, increase of immigrants/refugees
Shifts in lifestyles and industrial structures associated with the transition to a zero-carbon society Increase in insurance claims due to frequent, large-scale natural catastrophes
Growing needs for evaluation and analysis of climate change and natural capital risk, and for support for information disclosure
Flourishing growth in ESG investment and lending, such as green bonds
realize a sustainable society
Gaining global corporate recognition in solving social issues by providing distinctive, world-leading products and services
Incorporated into people's lives and business activities; automatically issue alerts and advice to avoid risk when signs of risk develop, and seamlessly provide services and financial compensation when risks arise
 Incorporating DX Technologies
    Big Data
RPA (Robotics)
Mobility
AI
BlockChaIn
  • Population growth in Asia (especially India) and Africa
• Greater motivation for initiatives targeted at solving social issues
• Major change in concept of values/lifestyle
• Business style reforms (working online and remotely)
Erosion of the business environment foundation due to the depletion of natural capital Increased business risks due to climate change
New business growth related to green growth strategy and associated new insurance needs Expectations for integration of biodiversity and business
 Japan
Development of new insurance schemes to cover losses caused by large-scale natural disasters, and growing needs for disaster prevention and mitigation efforts as well as business continuity planning
• Decrease in total (working) population, depopulation in rural areas and regional revitalization
• Further declining birthrate and aging population, increase of elderly people with dementia
• Telemedicine, expansion of online medical care, progress of preventive medical care
Mounting burden of nursing/medical care associated with an aging population
     Economy (economic standards, foreign currency
Risks
Opportunities
exchange and interest rates, etc.)
Slowing growth coinciding with the maturation of domestic insurance markets
Increase in accidents caused by the elderly
Increase in the need for asset-building and asset-inheritance devices for a super-aging society
Expansion in the demand for services related to nursing care and dementia
 World
• Recovery from the effects of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic • Concerns about recession, low global interest rates
• Trade friction and trade agreements
• Expansion of ESG investment, rise in requests for disclosure about
Japan
Reconsideration of solicitation methods as policyholders age Emergence of new risks associated with advanced medical care
Greater awareness of health promotion and disease prevention
Greater medical coverage due to changes in the social security system and advances in medical technology
Worldwide Expansion: “Japan, Asia, and the Rest of the World”
Business Style Reforms
  climate change (TCFD)
 • The Bank of Japan’s continued low interest rate policy, exit strategy, and appreciating yen
Decline in social vitality due to widening inequalities
  • Decrease in car sales, number of vehicles owned and housing construction
Risks
Slowing growth and expanding inequality in emerging markets due to geopolitical risks Contraction in rural markets due to regional depopulation in Japan Greater damage caused by natural catastrophes and delayed recovery efforts
Opportunities
Stronger demand for insurance due to a growing middle class under the assumption of robust development in emerging economies Greater awareness among local governments related to preventing and reducing disasters Advancement in regional revitalization because of the rise in remote workstyles and the associated growth of new insurance needs Stronger demand for services that support regional revitalization
  • Expansion of the sharing economy and subscription businesses
• Increase in foreign visitors and residents to Japan
• Health promotion, and expansion of healthcare businesses
Technology (technological trends affecting business)
World
 • Appearance of new business models via digital platformers
• Penetration of 5G mobile communication systems, and increase in
Issues for the Management Foundation
IoT devices
• Advances in digital technology and rising cyber risk
• Development of new automobile technology, penetration of CASE and
Increasing social demands on companies
Risks
Deviation from various stakeholder expectations Demands for improved ROE and reduced strategic equity holdings Tightening regulations on information disclosure related to sustainability
A Management Foundation Supporting Sustainable Growth
   safety support cars, MaaS, and flying cars
• Boom in data-related businesses, threat of big data monopoly
• Advances in renewable energy and hydrogen energy
Opportunities
  related technologies
Increasing high-quality dialogue with many different stakeholders
More collaborative partners engaged on social issues
      Japan
• Cashless payments, etc. Further penetration of digital technology into everyday life (realization of Society 5.0)
Sustainability
Quality
Human Assets
ERM
45 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 46
Fostering a management mindset on a medium- to long-term perspective

Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 Progress of the Vision 2021 Medium-term Management Plan
Vision 2021, the medium-term management plan that was launched in 2018, entered its final year in fiscal 2021. MS&AD has been setting world-class targets in terms of scale and quality in pursuit of the twin goals of becoming a world-leading insurance and financial services group and developing resilient systems able to swiftly respond to changes in the environment. Along with these targets we are promoting three key strategies: pursuing the Group’s comprehensive strengths; promoting digitalization; and reforming the portfolio. Through these targets and strategies we are working toward building a system that can swiftly respond to future changes in the environment.
Aims during Plan’s Term
Become a world-leading insurance and financial services group
To achieve scale and quality of presence recognized by stakeholders as a world-leading insurance and financial services group.
Build resilient systems that can respond swiftly to changes in the environment
To build a system that can respond swiftly in light of changes to the fabric of society, such as the increasing speed of digitalization, the arrival of a next-generation mobility society, the emergence of new risks, and efforts to address sustainability issues.
Medium-Term Aspirations as a World-Leading Insurance and Financial Services Group
Financial Targets
In fiscal 2020, Group Adjusted Profit decreased by 18.5 billion yen from the previous fiscal year, mainly due to the recording of incurred loss, primarily in international business, of 65.8 billion yen, caused by the pandemic.
up to fiscal 2020 will be realized. In addition, we will further reduce operating costs by improving productivity through new work styles such as working from home and promoting paperless offices. Furthermore, we will seize various changes in the social environment as opportunities to steadily achieve our fiscal 2021 target of 300 billion yen in Group Adjusted Profit.
 While the effects of the pandemic recede, fiscal 2021 will be the year in which the results of business investments made
 Fiscal 2018 Results
Fiscal 2019 Results
Fiscal 2020 Results
FY2021 Forecast
(¥ billion)
    Group Adjusted Profit
 Domestic non-life insurance business (excluding gains/losses on sales of strategic
equity holdings)
 Domestic life insurance business
 International business
 Financial services business/ risk-related services business
 The medium-term management plan, "Vision 2021," which was launched in fiscal 2018, sets out the indicators we are aiming for in the medium term as a world-leading insurance and financial services group. In Stage 1 up to fiscal 2019, we achieved our targets in four areas: scale, financial soundness, profitability, and strategic equity holdings ratio, but in fiscal 2020, the strategic equity holdings ratio was
below the target level. In addition, it has become difficult to achieve the 2021 target for Group Adjusted ROE, an indicator of capital efficiency. The portfolio diversity indicator was not reached in fiscal 2020 due to the huge impact of the pandemic on international business, but in fiscal 2021 we expect to see profits recover in business overseas to levels at or around target.
3,500.4 1,599.9 819.4
199%
3,573.7 1,393.4 890.2
186%
3,500.9 1,297.3 958.3
235%
3,613.0 1,200.0 1,010.0
180%-220%
 Group Adjusted ROE
6.1%
8.0%
6.7%
8.5%
87.1
-0.1
1.8pt
  Consolidated net premiums written
112.0
  FY2021 Targets
FY2020 Progress
  Achieved
Continuing challenge
Achieved (well above target)
 Expect to achieve by end
of FY2021
Continuing challenge
Achieved
Scale
Within the top 10 non-life insurance groups in the world
8th
(FORTUNE GLOBAL 500 2021, P&C)
6.7%
235%
32%
34.0%
11.8%
91.7%
(excluding natural catastrophes)
Life insurance premiums (Gross premiums income)*
-97.3
 MSI Aioi Life’s EEV
51.6
     Capital efficiency
Portfolio diversity
Group Adjusted ROE
Economic solvency ratio (ESR)
Percentage of profits from other than domestic non-life insurance business
Group risk amount
Consolidated total assets
EI combined ratio of domestic non-life insurance business
10%
180%–220%
50%
Less than 30%
Less than 10%
95% or less
* Life insurance premiums (gross premiums income) are those of domestic life insurance subsidiaries only.
Impact of COVID-19 (FY2020)
65.8 5.2
(¥ billion)
(Main Lines)
Economic solvency ratio (ESR)
-
5.0
-1.0
-1.5pt
33.0
200.0
48.0
-
    Financial soundness
   Total
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
Overseas Subsidiaries
MS Amlin
    Strategic equity holdings ratio
  Net incurred losses arising from COVID-19
16.7 43.8 42.8
• Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance: Overseas travel insurance, event cancellation insurance, business interruption insurance (mainly overseas inward reinsurance), etc.
• Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance: Head Office reinsurance business, etc.
• MS Amlin: Directly written business interruption insurance 15 billion yen, other (reinsurance, guarantee insurance, additional reserves for uncertainty, etc.) 27.7 billion yen
   Profitability
47 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 48
189.8
146.9 (65.1)
31.6 5.4 5.8
119.5 158.5 171.0 (98.4) (119.9) (136.0)
29.7 56.9 43.0 49.4 -7.1 80.0 4.8 6.1 6.0
233.1
214.6
Forecast
300.0
(YoY)
85.3
12.4 (16.1)
-13.9
(Compared to Target)
-6.0 (-14.0)
2.0
-

 Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Progress of the Vision 2021 Medium-term Management Plan Non-Financial Indicators
Three Key Strategies
(1) Pursue the Group’s Comprehensive Strengths
• Fully utilize the Group's strengths (diversity, capital, human assets, customer base, etc.)
• Reviewing the division of roles and strengthening cooperation among Group companies
• Promotion of standardization and joint initiatives (standardizing products and operations, joint claims service system, health and medical-oriented products and services, etc.)
  In "Vision 2021," we have formulated a medium-term sustainability plan consisting of CSV and core initiatives for seven priority issues, and we are working toward these issues by establishing KPIs. Along with promoting our CSV initiatives toward the realization of a resilient and sustainable society, in fiscal 2020 we made public our business activities that take sustainability into consideration and started underwriting and
making investments in line with that policy. In addition, we promoted quantitative disclosure of the effects of our CSV initiatives and information disclosure based on TCFD recommendations, receiving high praise from ESG evaluation organizations. Furthermore, we will set new goals and work on decarbonization as a whole Group toward the realization of a zero-carbon society.
Group Targets for Fiscal 2020 Onward
For the seven priority issues (p. 38), decide on four methods of approach and ascertain progress qualitatively.
Strategy
Progress
  Creating Shared Value
Indicator
Development and improvement of products for creating shared value
Key Related SDGs
Fiscal 2020 Results
• Examples of our initiatives:Seven priority issues and the expanding scope of CSV (see pp. 39–40)
• Social and economic impact: CSV impact assessment (see p. 41)
• Sustainability Report
Growth (expanded top line)
Industry-leading growth
(¥ billion)
3,094.6
       Provision of products and services Research and policy recommendations
Investments and financing Contributions to society
(Domestic direct net
the highest level in the industry for the third consecutive year since fiscal 2018. This premiums written*) +3.5%
+1.3%
Direct net premiums written in the domestic non-life insurance business have grown at
has been achieved by demonstrating Group synergies through more standardization +2.6% and joint initiatives in the product, sales, and claims divisions, including joint
development of products based on a shared system, sharing of sales methods through 2,876.2 joint proposals and campaigns, and reciprocal outsourcing between two core non-life
3,053.7 2,950.3
   Customer satisfaction survey about insurance contract procedures
Customer satisfaction survey about payment of insurance claims
15% (FY2020)
The same level or higher compared with the previous fiscal year
* See page 68 for details on reducing domestic non-life insurance business expenses.
The same level or
higher compared 97.3% with the previous
fiscal year
The same level or
higher compared 96.7%*1 with the previous
fiscal year
Ratio of female managers
(domestic) 16.1%
Initial plan (domestic + overseas)
insurance companies.
In addition to improving project cost efficiency to the tune of 30 billion yen (20 billion yen in Japan and 10 billion yen overseas) originally planned in the current medium- term management plan “Vision 2021”, cost reductions of 34 billion yen (23.5 billion yen in Japan and 10.5 billion yen overseas) were achieved in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 by promoting initiatives in response to changes in the business environment, such as the pandemic. We expect to reduce costs by 100 billion yen by the end of 2025 by reviewing necessary personnel and reducing office space.
2020 (FY) * Simple sum of MSI and ADI non-consolidated figures, excluding
 A checkmark indicates that fiscal 2020 figures have been assured by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd.
deposit premiums from policyholders
Productivity improvements
(Additional cost reductions)
49.0 34.0 19.0
(¥ billion)
100.0 20.0
2025 (FY) Outlook
Strengthening profitability and business streamlining
2017
2018
2019
  Quality that Earns the Trust of Society
 Indicators (Related Pages)
  Fiscal 2020 Results
  Group Targets Fiscal 2020 Onward
 Quality improvement
  Management Platforms That Enable Employees to Play Active Roles
 Indicators (Related Pages)
 Fiscal 2020 Results
 Group Targets Fiscal 2020 Onward
 Diversity & inclusion (pp. 34 and 64)
  80.0
  14.5 19.5 2020
30.0
2021 2023 Forecast Outlook
   Employee satisfaction (“working vigorously”)
4.5 points
Key monitoring indicators other than sustainability KPIs
    Reduction of the environmental burden (pp. 63 and 65)
• Number and ratio of global employees (p. 64)
Health management (pp. 34, 64, and 65)
      CO2 emission reduction rate
Total energy consumption
Paper consumption
Vs. FY2009: –30.5%
871,338 GJ (Vs. FY2009: –38.5%)
Reduce CO2 emissions by 100% by FY2050 and by 50% by FY2030 versus the base year (FY2019)*2
Employee satisfaction “Pride, job satisfaction”
Number of annual paid leave days taken
Paternity leave uptake rate
Number of employees participating in social contribution activities
4.4pt 15.0 days 69.0% 26,519
The same level or higher compared with the previous fiscal year
The same level or higher compared with the previous fiscal year
The same level or higher compared with the previous fiscal year
The same level or higher compared with the previous fiscal year
TOPIC: New Claims Services System
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance are beginning a new claims services system jointly developed by the Group. The joint claims services system will seek to provide an industry-leading claims handling (accident response) service for the benefit of customers by, for example, communicating directly with customers through the website and by making the process of paying out insurance claims completely paperless. Moreover, new functions will be standardized across the Group producing synergies and strengthened cooperation to further improve loss survey capabilities and productivity.
Function to communicate directly with customers
Function to check progress of insurance claims
      10,035 t
(Vs. FY2019: Lower than the
  –23.1%) previous fiscal year
     *1 Target: Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance/Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance/Mitsui Direct General/Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance *2. New goals set from May 2021
 •Sustainability https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/csr.html
Content of offificial website •MS&AD Insurance Group and Sustainability •Achieving the SDGs •Our Sustainability Priorities •Our Value Creation Approach
•Products and services that contribute to achieving the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) •ESG Data/Reference Material
49 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 50

Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Progress of the Vision 2021 Medium-term Management Plan
(2) Promote Digitalization
(3) Reform the Portfolio
   • Promote three digitalization initiatives (DX, DI, DG) among all Group employees
• Achieve sustainable Group growth in response to changes in the business environment
Digitalization is steadily progressing with the "CSV x DX" strategy being rolled out globally (see Special Feature on page 82 for details).
We are expanding our product lineup by positioning products that provide risk solutions before and after insurance coverage as core products.
(Examples of products developed: “Mimamoru” dashcam-based automobile insurance, health & productivity management support insurance, and the “Mimamoru” cyber insurance, etc.)
• While maintaining profits in the domestic non-life insurance business, increase profits in international business and domestic life insurance aiming for 50% of profits outside the domestic non-life insurance business, as well as 50% of profits for the international business in the future.
• Appropriately control natural catastrophe risk. Reduce strategic equity holdings to less than 10% of consolidated total assets and less than 30% of integrated risk amount.
Strategy
Progress
Transformation of products and services
Business portfolio
Risk portfolio
Regarding the reduction of strategic equity holdings, we achieved our five year target (from fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2021) of selling 500 billion yen in the four years up to fiscal 2020, but because of rising stock prices the target level was not reached, making it a goal for the future.
Transformation of sales channels and sales methods
In terms of diversification of the business portfolio, we can expect to see the domestic non-life insurance business make up about half, with other business making up the other half by the end of 2021.
Ratio of each business to Group adjusted profit
We have achieved digitalization of the insurance procedures.
Domestic non-life insurance (excluding gains/losses on sales of strategic equity holdings) Weight of strategic equity
Weight of strategic equity holdings in consolidated total assets
Example of rollout:
Domestic life insurance
International
Financial services business and risk-related services
holdings in integrated
Strategy
Progress
  Digitalization at customer contact points
Providing a new customer experience with "MS1 Brain Remote"
Solicit and Sign contract Manage contract propose and handle claim
  Linking system with e-commerce site
Rollout on shopping and reservation sites, etc.
Insurance application system (embedded)
     Search for product plans
Contract
Recommend
Explain
Input
Confirm
Payment
Target: 50% from outside the domestic non-life insurance business
risk amount
34.0%
12.7%
0
(FY)
2018 2019
5.4 5.0
2.6 3.5 2.3
100
Target 32.7% (%) less
32.8%
11.8%11.4% 10.9% Target
than 9.2% 10%
         29.3
than 30%
28.8%
26.1%
less
  Creation of new business
We are developing a new data business.
Actual sales of strategic equity holdings
Example of rollout:
(¥ billion)
2020 -4 2021
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FYE) 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FYE)
16.2
Target and progress of strategic equity holdings sales
(Forecast)
16.3
27.1
32.3 30.2
   (Forecast)
(Forecast)
  RisTech
• Promote “RisTech” to solve problems by visualizing and optimizing the risks faced by companies by utilizing big data and the latest analytical algorithms
• Provide high-value-added services that utilize various data that can contribute to solving social issues
  US Telematics Data Business
• Sell telematics data collected and analyzed from in- vehicle devices to insurance companies to offer an optimal telematics automobile insurance service
• Established insurance software company MOTER to focus on developing next-generation specialized products
     Sales targets during the medium-term management plan: ¥500.0 billion*1
Actual sales before business integration
(FY2003*2–FY2009)
800.7
   Global rollout
(Subtotal)
We are expanding our efforts in Japan globally.
Total
556.6
Example of rollout:
FY2018
¥136.7 billion
FY2017
¥151.3 billion
Vision 2021
FY2021
Planned scale of ¥100 billion
FY2020
¥102.7 billion
FY2019
¥111.8 billion
¥502.7 billion (progress rate: 101%)
(Subtotal)
New Frontier 2013
FY2010
FY2011
57.4
88.7
57.4
 376.4
     Asia
• Horizontal rollout of MS1 Brain, start insurance sales in the Philippines
Operating companies in Asian countries also considering the introduction of MS1 Brain
  Telematics automobile insurance
• Sell telematics automobile insurance in major European countries (UK, Germany, France, Italy, Spain) and Thailand, etc.
 Cumulative total since FY2017
502.7 2,142.4
    51 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 52
*1. Including FY2017
Total
*2. Simple sum of the results of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, Aioi Insurance, and Nissay Dowa Insurance from FY2003 to FY2009 (results from FY2002 and before not disclosed due to difficulties for each company to collect data based on the same standards)
.0 68.2
60.3
54.0
 51.3
MS & AD
Next Challenge 2017
FY2012
FY2013
FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
114.1
173.5
 91.0
181.1
133.0
151.3
 Vision 2021
FY2018
FY2019
136.7
111.8
 FY2020
102.7
 
Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Financial and Capital Strategy
FY2021 results forecast and status of progress with medium-term management plan
In fiscal 2021, the final year of the medium-term management plan, “Vision 2021,” we will work steadily toward the target of ¥300 billion for Group Adjusted Profit. Emerging from the incurred losses due to COVID-19, we also look forward to reaping increased profits in our international business from the business investments and profit-boosting initiatives so far carried out and to achieving further cost reductions in the domestic non-life insurance business. Given these and other factors, we believe that we have a strong probability of reaching the target.
Medium-term target profile and progress
       CFO Message
Tetsuji Higuchi
Representative Director Executive Vice President, CFO
Scale
Capital efficiency
Financial soundness
Portfolio diversity
Weight of strategic equity holding
Profitability
Capital efficiency
Medium-term target profile (FY2021 targets) World-leading insurance and financial services group
Within the top 10 non-life insurance groups in the world
Group Adjusted ROE 10%
ESR 180%–220%
50% (profit basis) in other than the domestic non-life insurance business
Combined ratio in the domestic non-life insurance business stable at 95% or less
FY2020 progress status
8th (FORTUNE GLOBAL 500 2021, P&C)
6.7%
235% (Reference: 246% at the time of UFR application)
32%
34.0% of integrated risk amount
11.8% of consolidated total assets
            Strategic equity holdings below 30% of integrated risk amount and below 10% of consolidated total assets
 Business Performance
Driven by steady profit growth in our international business, we will work toward our fiscal 2021 target of ¥300 billion in Group Adjusted Profit.
Under the current medium-term management plan, we are striving to realize what has been our declared Vision since the Group’s foundation: to become a world-leading insurance and financial services group. Corresponding targets were set for each of business scale, capital efficiency, financial soundness, portfolio diversity, weight of strategic equity holdings, and profitability. Of these, we have been consistently on target for business scale, financial soundness, and profitability, while for portfolio diversity we expect to reach a level close to target at the end of fiscal 2021. For capital efficiency and weight of strategic equity holdings, however, due to the share price rise, we expect the targets to remain unachieved at the end of fiscal 2021. For these targets, we will continue to seek improvement from fiscal 2022 with intensified initiatives toward their attainment.
EI combined ratio
    FY2020 business results
Fiscal 2020 saw a major slowdown in socioeconomic activity around the world due to COVID-19. It was also a challenging year within Japan: an increase in consumption tax and a revision of obligations law caused a rise in insurance claims and operating expenses, further compounded by a reduction in the insurance premiums rate for compulsory automobile liability insurance and other factors. Against this background, the MS&AD Insurance Group used digital technology and other approaches to continue its operations, at the same time ensuring the safety of its employees, and achieved one of the
Group Adjusted Profit and Group Adjusted ROE*1
industry’s highest levels of premium growth in the domestic non-life insurance business. The impact of COVID-19 resulted in incurred losses of ¥65.8 billion, mainly in our international business, which had a dampening effect on profits. On the other hand, the pandemic presented an opportunity to progress with business style reforms, which allowed the Group as a whole to make cost reductions of approximately ¥34.0 billion. With the added benefit of record profits in the domestic life and non-life insurance business, Group Adjusted Profit for fiscal 2020 exceeded forecasts by ¥4.6 billion, to reach ¥214.6 billion.
We are addressing improvement of capital efficiency as the top priority on our path to becoming a world-leading insurance and financial services group.
Status of risk portfolio
International business
Domestic life insurance business (asset management)
Domestic life insurance business (underwriting)
Domestic non-life insurance business (asset management: other than strategic equity) Domestic non-life insurance business (asset management: strategic equity) Domestic non-life insurance business (underwriting)
excluding natural catastrophes 91.7%
  Domestic non-life insurance business International business
Domestic life insurance
Financial services business/risk-related services business
Others*2  6.1%
189.8
(¥ billion)
8.5% 300.0
The medium-term management plan set a target of 10% for Group Adjusted ROE. This target was set at a level above the 7% capital cost rate estimated from the capital asset pricing model (CAPM) and close to that of major European and U.S. insurers. Of the numerical targets specified in the medium-term management plan, we see capital efficiency as the most important.
10%
28.8%
13% 8%
20%
19%
March 31, 2019
11%
26.1%
15% 9%
21% 18%
March 31, 2020
10%
14% 8% 15%
20%
March 31, 2021
  Group ROE
-5.6%
-87.5
Group Adjusted ROE
7.9% 213.7
8.0% 233.1
8.6% 274.1
Unfortunately, the recent share price rise leaves little prospect of reaching the target by the end of fiscal 2021. We nevertheless retain a strong awareness of the need for further improved capital efficiency in our pursuit of profit growth, portfolio diversity, and optimal resource allocation. Specifically, we will continue to implement our risk policy through steady sale of strategic equity holdings to lower peak risk, combined with strengthened business portfolio management and active risk diversification.
 5.0%
87.4
4.5%
94.8
5.9%
155.7
5.2%
147.5
3.7% 105.1
6.7% 214.6
Group Adjusted ROE
 Integrated risk amount 62%
¥2.3 trillion
34.0%
   Integrated risk amount 68%
¥2.4 trillion
Integrated risk amount 64%
¥2.3 trillion
           2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2020 2021 (FY)
*1 Figures up to FY2017 show Group Core Profit and Group ROE. See p. 112 for respective definitions.
*2 Decrease in income taxes paid in FY2019 among the effects of reorganization of international business of MSI
53 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 54
excluding incurred losses due to COVID-19
(Forecast)

Strategy and Performance
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Financial and Capital Strategies
We will strengthen business portfolio management with the aim of improved capital efficiency and profit growth. Specifically, we aim to diversify risk away from our current profit structure, which is weighted toward the domestic non-life insurance business and particularly automobile insurance, to realize a
Schematic diagram of business portfolio review
more balanced business portfolio. In addition, to promote capital efficiency, growth potential and manage profit volatility, we will identify the issues in each business and be prepared to withdraw from a business whenever necessary after reviewing the progress made in addressing the identified issues and the strategic significance of the business.
Business portfolio management
Financial Soundness
Maintaining financial soundness corresponding to AA rating, we will invest for sustainable growth and provide stable shareholder return.
 Profit by business
Domestic non-life insurance*
Domestic life insurance International
Financial services business and risk-related services
Premium income by overseas region
to AA rating, the Group has set 180% to 220% as a guideline Domestic non-life insurance underwriting appropriate level for ESR. ESR at March 31, 2021, had risen
     FY2021 forecast
FY2020
260%
240% casualty share 220%
200% 183% 180%
160% 140%
235%
Business investment policy
Business investment policy
• Investment with a close eye to ROI, particularly in computer systems and other investment to promote digitalization
Asia
Europe
FY2021
Americas
Personal accident
15%
Return fire insurance to profit
Fire and allied
considering accepting additional risk in the interest of 6% sustainable growth. In a situation where no particular investment project presents itself, the current market
profit by category
Automobile Casualty and other
above the appropriate level to 235%, mainly due to a rise in Marine the share price. In response to this situation, we are
With the aim of maintaining financial soundness corresponding
above 220%, we will look into enhancing shareholder return.
* ESR: economic solvency ratio (solvency ratio based on economic value)
* We adopted a more sophisticated method for calculating ESR from fiscal 2018.
Rating of core Group insurance companies
 S&P
Moody’s
A.M.Best
R&I
JCR
2%
30% 16%
28% 36%
79% environment persists, and ESR is set to remain permanently ESR (confidence level : 99.5%)
A+ (Stable)
220%
180%
A+ A+ AA AA+
   51%
36%
(Stable)
(Stable) (Stable) (Stable)
Appropriate ESR level
Work to improve capital efficiency while maintaining the current capital policy
Identify the way back to an appropriate level and investigate measures to restore capital levels or reduce the risk amount
as needed
Work to quickly return to an appropriate level
235%(March31,2021) Consider business investment,
additional risk-taking, shareholder return enhancements
 Increase international business share
Vision for FY2030
Increase Americas share
Increase
201%
211% 196%
2017
199%
         181%
2015
186%
195%
   * Figures for domestic non-life insurance exclude gain or loss on sales of strategic equity holdings, etc.
Vision for FY2030
140% Vision for FY2030 120%
157%
100% 2011
2013
2019 2020 (FYE)
  The MS&AD Insurance Group’s growth investment falls broadly into three domains: (1) Investment in systems and other areas to enhance the competitiveness of existing businesses; (2) Overseas M&A and other investment for diversification and expansion of the business portfolio; (3) Startup and other investment to create new business domains.
Shareholder Returns
Strengthening: Investment to strengthen the competitiveness of existing businesses
Appropriate level
(= level for financial soundness
equivalent to an AA rating)
 100%
    The priority targets of the investment for diversification and expansion in (2) above are the U.S. specialty and MGA sectors and the Asian retail insurance business. When making a business investment, we select investment targets in line with the Group-wide international business strategy, after which additional consideration is given to shared values, sustainable growth models, and risk diversification. At the same time, given a hurdle rate based on a capital cost of 7%, our policy is to carry out investment after investigating whether adequate investment benefit will be achieved and synergies increased.
Return 40%–60% of Group Adjusted Profit to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks.
Per-share total shareholder return, total shareholder yield,
 Expanding: Investment for business portfolio diversification and expansion
  [Points of Consideration for Investment]
• Shared values
• Sustainable growth model
• Risk dispersion (geographic, line of business)
• ROI*
* Hurdle rate is set with reference to capital cost (7%), domestic and overseas interest rate differentials, and risk assessment for the individual business.
  [Targets]
• U.S.: Specialty, MGA
• Asia: Retail insurance market • Others
 Additionally, in April 2021, we established a specialist team within the holding company to drive business investment and strengthen support functions for promoting Group M&A.
The policy of the MS&AD Insurance Group is to allocate a guideline share of 40% to 60% of Group Adjusted Profit to shareholder return. This approach, which means returning approximately half of yearly profit to shareholders and retaining the other approximate half as internal reserves for growth investment, is based on medium- to long-term increase in shareholder value.
and dividend yield
DPS Return per share via share buybacks Dividend yield Total shareholder yield4.8
6.9 6.7
5.4 5.7 5.0 4.8 (%)
(¥)
Assembling a team with strong business investment experience will sharpen the analysis and selection of acquisition candidates, enhance due diligence during scrutiny of the deal, and enable better monitoring of share prices and other trends across the market and among insurance companies.
As for shareholder returns in fiscal 2020, we raised dividends per share by ¥5 from the previous year to ¥155 and implemented share buybacks totaling ¥35 billion. For fiscal 2021, we plan to raise the dividend by a further ¥5 for a total annual dividend per share of ¥160.
169.1 180.6
3.9
3.2 2.9 2.6 2.4 1.9
113.5 122.5
54 54 56 65 90
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
3.9 4.2
3.4 193.3 207.8 217.0
3.2 3.0 3.0 3.4
  Creating: Investment to create new business domains
 • Carry out investment to explore game-changing technologies and business models to use 3–5 years from now
(As of March 31, 2021, investment in 52 companies through corporate venture capital company)
• At the time of practical technology application, carry out investment with a close eye to ROI
Calculated from fiscal 2020 total return based on the share price as of March 31, total shareholder return yield per share was 6.7% and dividend yield 4.8%. Going forward, we are committed to increasing corporate value through sustainable growth and providing stable shareholder return.
2016 2017 2018 2019
2020 2021 (FY) (Forecast)
54.0 62.0 72.0
120 130 140 150 155
160
 55 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 56

Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix
Data Section
 Risk Management
Specifying Risks
The MS&AD Insurance Group identifies important risk items to be addressed by management as Group material risks,
FY2021 Group Material Risks
formulates a relevant management action plan, and periodically monitors each risk.
  :Association
     A
 B
 C
 D
 Rapid development of digitalization
Climate change
Advance of the aging society with low birthrate
Prolonged impact of COVID-19
1
 Occurrence of large-scale natural disasters
        Main assumed scenarios
• Storms, floods and earthquakes in Japan, storms and floods in the United States
• Change in the probability, scale, etc., of large-scale natural disasters with climate change as a factor • Group inability to operate businesses and services appropriately due to large-scale natural disaster
2
 Sharp fluctuations in financial markets
         Main assumed scenarios
• Sharp declines in share prices due to the prolonged impact of COVID-19 and economic stagnation • Fall of asset value inflated by large-scale monetary easing in various countries
3
Substantial increase in credit risk
          Main assumed scenarios
• Sharp declines in asset values due to turbulence in credit market
• Mass debt default due to the prolonged impact of COVID-19 and deterioration of the real economy
• Declines in value of Group assets due to emergence of “transition risk” accompanying corporate response to
climate change (tightening of environment-related policies and regulations, advance in decarbonization technology, change in demand for products and services, increase in lawsuits, diminished reputation in the eyes of society and consumers, etc.)
4
Occurrence of behavior causing marked damage to the Group’s corporate value or loss of social credibility
        Main assumed scenarios
* Behavior causing marked damage to the Group’s corporate value and loss of social credibility refers to legal or regulatory violation relating to Group business, serious labor issues (long working hours, harassment, etc.), and inadequate data governance, etc., or action arising from the lack of, or insufficient customer-oriented perspective (conduct risk)
 • Occurrence of any of the acts above marked with*
• Reputational damage due to delay in Group response to climate change, discrepancy between announced content
and actual activities, etc.
•Increase in misconduct due to expansion of remote working
5
 Occurrence of cyberattacks that cause large-scale and serious impediments to operations, information leaks, and the payment of insurance claims
         Main assumed scenarios
• Stagnation in business operations or occurrence of information leaks due to cyberattacks on the Group
• Increase in claims payment due to cyberattacks
• Increasing scale of damage due to the increasing sophistication of cyberattacks, expansion of working from home
and digitalization, etc.
6
Frequent occurrence of IT system failures, the occurrence of critical IT system failures and large-scale IT system development delays, shortfalls, budget overruns and expected effects being unrealized
         Main assumed scenarios
• Occurrence of a major system failure exacerbated by the effects of the growth of working from home and digitalization • Delay in system development and overruns of development budget
• Stagnation in business operations due to damage to system-related facilities by major natural disasters
7
Pandemic of diseases such as a new strain of influenza
         Main assumed scenarios
• Contraction of economic activity due to worldwide spread of infection
• Increase in claims and benefit payments
• Expansion of areas vulnerable to infection due to global warming and climate change, emergence and pandemic
spread of new infectious diseases
• Group inability to operate businesses and services appropriately due to pandemic infection
8
Changes in the Insurance market
          Main assumed scenarios
• Major change in business models due to the rise of digital platformers and other factors, change in the automobile insurance market from reduced incidence of traffic accidents due to the advance of driving support and autonomous driving technology
• Significant change in market scale of specific industries due to technology innovation in response to climate change and prolonged impact of COVID-19
• Changes in the insurance market due to advance of the aging population with a low birthrate and depopulation
   CRO Message
Fumiaki Ohkawabata
Senior Executive Officer CRO
To realize its Vision, the Group formulates management plans in accordance with the Group Risk Appetite Statement with the aim of ensuring soundness, improving profitability and enhancing capital efficiency based on the ERM cycle. Specifically, in line with the Group Risk Appetite Statement and other factors, we take risks based on the allocated capital amounts, while strengthening our risk control and underwriting through monitoring such as return on risk (ROR).
advance of digital technology, increasing sophistication in cyberattacks, and other developments that have brought great change to the Group’s social and economic environment. Amid such changes, in order to continue fulfilling our role as an important part of the infrastructure supporting society and the economy through the global insurance and financial services business, we will work for further strengthening and sophistication of our risk management activities to continue stable business operations.
In fiscal 2020, under an appropriate risk control regime including use of reinsurance, reduction of strategic equity holding, and reduction of interest rate risk through asset and liability management, the Group continued to maintain financial soundness. This means securing a level of capital sufficient to deal with a once-in-200-year risk. The Group also maintains financial soundness through stress testing based on a wide range of assumptions, from major natural disasters and financial market fluctuations to increases in insurance payouts associated with cyberattacks.
The impact of climate change is not limited to physical effects caused by extreme weather events such as heavy rainfall, or by long-term alterations in climate patterns such as rises in atmospheric temperature. There is also risk from social and economic change and other impacts arising in the process of shifting to a zero-carbon society in the attempt to mitigate climate change. The MS&AD Insurance Group sees climate change as an important risk to be addressed by management and will work for more sophisticated risk management and appropriate information disclosure in order to contribute to a sustainable society.
Recent years have seen an increase in major natural disasters, the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, the
Control of Risk
The MS&AD Group has established the MS&AD Insurance Group Risk Management Basic Policy, which underpins the common risk management exercised throughout the Group. Specifically, we promote risk management by identifying the principal types of risk with an impact on the Group’s business portfolio and evaluating risk factors quantitatively and qualitatively.
Risk management structure
   Audit & Supervisory Board (members)
Audits
Listed below are items with potential for medium- to long-term impact on Group operations and items whose impact and timing are difficult to measure at present but that we need to
FY2021 Group Emerging Risks
Please refer to the Group’s official website for more risk management information.
maintain awareness of. These items are subject to periodic monitoring as Group emerging risks.
  Group Management Committee
  ERM Committee
Monitoring, discussion, and coordination
  1
Emergence and rise in popularity of new frameworks and innovative technologies that bring significant changes and reforms in the economy, consumer behavior, or business models
 4
Introduction, amendment, or abolition in Japan or overseas of laws, regulations, or systems that may significantly affect the Group
2
Resource depletion
5
Major changes in domestic labor supply-demand
3
 Environmental disasters (pollution or accident of human causation that causes material damage to the environment)
 6
Turmoil, dysfunction, or collapse of national governance and politics, interstate conflict, and security crisis of Japan
 Corporate Risk Management Dept.
 ● Presentation of Group Risk Management Basic Policy
● Group risk monitoring
 Implementation of risk management Setting of risk management policy
 Group domestic insurance companies
•Risk management (https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/risk_management/erm.html)
•Risk management structure •Insurance business risks •Risk management in the international business •Crisis management system (including the business continuity management system)
 57 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 58
Board of Directors
Offificial Website Content
•Risk Management Basic Policy

 Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 ERM-based Group Management
The MS&AD Group endeavors to increase its earnings power and capital efficiency while maintaining financial soundness. Toward this end, it practices Group management based on an enterprise risk management (ERM) cycle. It allocates capital to its businesses in accord with its Group Risk Appetite Statement. Its businesses take risks with the allocated capital. The Group exercises appropriate risk control, through monitoring of return on risk (ROR) and other metrics. In FY2021, the Group will upgrade its business, product assessment and management processes and further revamp its portfolios to better balance capital, risk and returns. This program will be spearheaded by the ERM Committee.
Integrated Management of Risk, Returns and Capital
ERM Cycle
   (1) Formulate strategies based on the Group Risk Appetite Statement and establish capital allocation amounts after confirming the amount of risk that can be taken.
(2) Take risks within the risk limits based on the capital allocation amounts and others.
(3) Conduct regular monitoring of financial soundness, profitability, capital efficiency, etc.
Planning phase
Execution phase
Monitoring phase
Initiatives to Boost Profitability
To boost capital efficiency while maintaining financial soundness, the MS&AD Insurance Group seeks to earn
Planning phase
   To realize its management vision, the Group formulates medium-term management plans in accord with its Group Risk Appetite Statement and holistically manages risk (integrated
risk amount), returns (Group Adjusted Profit) and capital (NAV) in the aim of maintaining financial soundness and boosting capital efficiency and risk/return.
(4) Based on the outcome of monitoring, examine and implement any necessary measures.
Monitoring phase
Execution phase
  Capital Efficiency
Group Adjusted ROE 10% level (7% cost of capital)
Returns
Make internal and external investments for sustainable profit growth
Well-balanced management of three metrics
Profitability
Achieve fiscal-year targets for ROR and VA
adequate risk/return through the following initiatives in each of its business domains.
    Product development/ sales/initiative management
 Asset management strategy
 Retention/ reinsurance policy
   P/L management by product/line
Domestic non-life insurance Refinement of risk/return management tailored to insurance lines’ distinctive
    Risk
MSI Aioi Life MSI Primary Life
attributes
Assessing ROR for new policies when products are developed and revised and a sales policy is formulated
Product-by-product profitability assessment
    Capital
Control capital on the assumption that an appropriate level of capital is secured in a stable manner
Soundness
×
Promoting diversified investment in assets with relatively high expected returns coupled with appropriate risk control
Refinement of reinsurance scheme from risk/return perspective
 Clarify the amount of risk that can be held while verifying the economic rationality
 ROR trends
(%)
20 15 10
5 0 -5 -20
Entire Group (Group Adjusted Profit basis)
Domestic non-life insurance business (Group Adjusted Profit basis)
Domestic life insurance business (Group Adjusted Profit basis)
International business (Group Adjusted Profit basis)
Entire Group (Group Core Profit basis)
Domestic non-life insurance business (Group Core Profit basis)
Domestic life insurance business (Group Core Profit basis)
International business (Group Core Profit basis)
 Maintain ESR of 180–220% (= appropriate level)
    Capital Efficiency
Group Adjusted ROE
 Return (Group Adjusted Profit) Capital (adjusted net assets)
 Profitability (return on risk)
ROR
 Return (Group Adjusted Profit) Risk (integrated risk amount)
 Soundness
1/ESR
 Risk (integrated risk amount) Capital (NAV)
     59 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 60
(See p. 61)
(See p. 61)
2013
2014 2015
2016
2017
2018
2019 2020
2021 (FY) (Forecast)

Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Enhancing Capital Efficiency and Achieving Sustainable Profit Growth
Initiatives to Achieve Group Adjusted Profit Target in Each Business Domain
See pp. 63–64 for financial and non-financial highlights.
  Group Adjusted ROE
The MS&AD Insurance Group positions Group Adjusted ROE as the most important metric among the numerical management targets set out in the Vision 2021.
Group Adjusted ROE can be broken down into return on risk (ROR), which shows the balance between the risk the Group faces and return (profit), and ESR, which shows the Group’s financial soundness. These indicators can also be further broken down into three elements comprising Group Adjusted Profit, integrated risk
amount and net asset value.
The Group manages to balance these three elements through its
ERM. (See the “ERM-based Group Management” section (pp. 59–60) for details.)
Furthermore, in activities in each business domain, we are promoting various initiatives by setting performance indicators for business divisions in order to expand Group Adjusted Profit.
  Soundness
 1/ Economic solvency ratio (ESR)
An indicator showing the balance between the risks held by the Group and net assets
[Appropriate level]
ESR: 180%–220%
 Capital Efficiency
 Group Adjusted ROE*1 (Return on Equity)
An indicator showing how much cash- based profit, as funds for shareholder returns, can be generated with respect to capital
FY2021 Target
10%
 Profitability
 ROR (Return on risk)
An indicator showing how much profit (return) can be made on the risks held by the Group
Periodic Monitoring
    Customer satisfaction
Examples of Specific Initiatives
Reference Indices
• Group-wide: Customer satisfaction, ratio of female managers, ratio of global
Non-life Insurance: Number of improvements based on customer feedback, agents’ recommendation rate, and claims handling satisfaction,
 • Providing products and services that rapidly and flexibly address the increasingly diverse needs of customers, and handling claims that closely reflect customers’ expectations,
• •
•
• •
• •
• • •
•
• •
•
employees,
  • Enhancing the ability to serve customers during all points of contact; etc.
Life Insurance: Number of registrations for Family Registration Service*4, and number
of days to provide assurance*5;
etc.
    Growth
The
Group-wide: Sales achievement rate, contract continuation rate, ratio of global employees, and employee satisfaction, Non-life Insurance: Number of new agents (sales networks),
Group
Premium growth rate
• New product development based on an understanding of changing customer needs,
  • Maintaining a robust sales base, and acquiring and developing diverse new sales channels,
• Maintaining and expanding existing contracts and efforts to acquire
new contracts;
etc.
Life Insurance: Growth rate of annualized premiums of policies in force as well as the total amount and number of policies in force, and the ratio of non-life insurance agents that also sell life insurance;
etc.
   • Appropriate product design, • Elimination of fraud claims,
appropriate and prompt payment
of claims,
• Providing advice designed to prevent
Number of risk surveys, risk management seminars and training sessions carried out,
Utilization rate of recycled parts;
 etc.
Ratio of personnel expenses to sales, Selection rate of web policy clauses, Paper consumption, CO2 emissions, and total energy consumption;
etc.
  Combined ratio
Loss ratio
Expense ratio
 Investment income/loss
accidents and reduce the damage rate, • Sustainable use of natural resources;
• Business operational reforms,
• Move to paperless office,
• Demonstrating Group synergies; etc.
etc.
   • Integrated asset/liability management based on consideration of the characteristics of insurance liabilities,
Asset management yields, and reductions in strategic equity for the diversifying
 Non-life insurance
Life insurance
• Improving ROR,
• Appropriate risk control;
etc.
effect among assets;
etc.
  • Product design that balances customer benefits and business soundness,
Annualized premiums of policies in force, Amount of increase in death insurance and other claims; etc.
Paper consumption, CO2 emissions, and
  Profitability
Mortality margin*6
• Reform of the product portfolio; etc.
  • Reducing administrative expenses through more efficient management;
etc.
total energy consumption;
etc.
etc.
 Administrative expense margin*6
   • Asset management yields, and rating distribution for investment bonds;
 Investment yield margin*6
• Settting reasonable assumed interest rates to ensure profits,
• Sophisticated ALM operations and risk management based on the characteristics of liabilities,
• Improving returns and diversifying risks by diversifying investment methods; etc.
    Integrated risk amount
  Net asset value
  Group Adjusted Profit*1
Group Adjusted Profit
        Adjusted net assets*2
Integrated risk amount*3
           Integrated risk amount
 Net asset value Group Adjusted Profit ERM balances these three elements.
(See the “ERM-based Group Management” section (pp. 59–60) for details.)
Adjusted net assets and net asset value (NAV)
In ERM, in order to confirm the status of appropriate capital buffers and solvency based on the Group’s risk characteristics, the economic value-based net assets (= net asset value) are thoroughly managed using the following calculation.
     NAV ¥5.4 trillion
Adjusted net assets ¥3.5 trillion
Unrealized goin / loss from insurance liabilities ¥0.7 trillion
Debt capital ¥0.7 trillion
Other ¥0.5 trillion
*1. Group Adjusted Profit = consolidated net income + provision for catastrophe loss reserve and others ‒ other incidental factors (amortization of goodwill and other intangible fixed assets and others) + Equity in earnings of non-consolidated group companies
*2. Adjusted net assets = consolidated net assets + catastrophe loss reserves and others ‒ goodwill and other intangible fixed assets
*3. The integrated risk amount represents insurance underwriting risk, asset management risk, and operational risk, etc., quantified through stochastic methods.
*4. The Family Registration Service is a service that allows pre-registered family members, in addition to the policyholder, to receive information about the insurance policy just like the actual policyholder.
*5. Number of days to provide assurance is an indicator of how long it takes for the company to complete administrative tasks for customers, such as applications for new insurance contracts, applications to cancel policies, claims for insurance payments and claims for other benefits. It is broken down into (1) the average number of days to conclude a new policy, (2) the average number of days required to pay an insurance claim and (3) the average number of days required to pay a cancellation refund.
*6. Mortality margin, administrative expense margin and investment yield margin are indicators for core profit, which represents the fundamental profitability of life insurance companies. Together, these terms are referred to as the “three surplus factors.”
Mortality margin is the profit or loss on the difference between projected insurance benefits payments, based on assumed mortality rates, and actual insurance benefits payments. Administrative expense margin is the gain or loss on the difference between projected business expenditures, based on assumed expense ratios, and actual business expenditures. Investment yield margin is the gain or loss on the difference between projected investment income, based on assumed interest rates, and actual investment income.
61 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 62

  Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
Financial and Non-financial Highlights
A checkmark indicates that fiscal 2020 figures have been assured by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd.
  Numerical Management Targets
Group Core Profit / Group Adjusted Profit*1
Group ROE / Group Adjusted ROE*1
Growth Potential Indicators
Consolidated net premiums written*6 and premium growth rate (non-life insurance business)
Policies in force*8 (domestic life insurance business)
(¥ billion) 250
200 150 100
50 0 -50 -100
(%) 8.0
6.0 4.0 2.0
0 -2.0 -4.0 -6.0
7.9 6.4 3.7
8.0
(¥ billion) 3,600
3,400 3,200 3,000 2,800 2,600 2,400
(%) 14
12 10 8 6
42
0 -2
(¥ trillion) 30
0
This is one of the basic performance indicators for life insurance companies. This indicator expresses the total amount guaranteed to policyholders of valid insurance policies at the end of the fiscal year. (See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (p. 114) for details.)
Group Core Profit
Group Adjusted Profit
Group ROE
Group Adjusted ROE
Consolidated net premiums written
Premium growth rate 3,573.7 3,500.9 (non-life insurance business) 3,406.9 3,446.9 3,500.4
10.7
1.2 1.6 2.1
31.2 30.9 30.8
233.1
214.6
6.1
6.7
28.2 29.8 23.7 25.1
   213.7 105.1
5.9
26.3 27.4
  201.0
189.8
5.0 4.5 0.8
-5.6
5.2
25 20 15 10
         155.7 147.5
2,809.5 2,940.73,078.9 6.4
19.6 21.1 5
   (%) 120
115 110 105 100
95 90 0
(¥ billion) 250
200 150 100
50 0 -50 -100
Net interest and dividends income Capital profit/loss (sales profit/loss)
Net investment income/loss 228.9
95.5
2015
95.6
2016
96.0
2017
5.3 4.6
4.5 4.4
2019
5.2 4.7
4.5 4.4
2020 (FY)
87.4 94.8 14.5 -87.5
2,639.4 2,541.4 2,558.8 3.1
4.7 4.7
  102.9
98.2 96.0
99.4
116.4
209.8
95
149.2 90 89.3
85
0 2012
4.7 4.7 4.3 4.3
4.2
4.0
2013 2014
4.8 4.4 4.3
2015
4.4 4.4 4.3 4.4
4.2 4.3
2016 2017
4.5 4.4
4.3
2018
105.1
(%) Capital profit/loss (valuation gain/loss) 100
187.7 171.6 180.5
96.6 96.5 96.9
0.9 0.7
 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
-2.0 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
This is the profit that serves as a resource for shareholder returns and is thus included as one of the numerical management targets in the medium-term management plan. In anticipation of transitioning to International Financial Reporting Standards from FY2023, the definition was revised to “Group Adjusted Profit” in “Vision 2021” (starting in FY2018).
Profitability Indicators
Combined ratio*2 (domestic non-life insurance business)
This is one of the numerical management targets in the medium-term management plan and indicates the ratio of Group Core Profit/Group Adjusted Profit, as shown to the left, in respect to consolidated net assets/adjusted net assets.
Consolidated net premiums written is one of the numerical management targets in the medium-term management plan. The premium growth rate indicates growth potential in premium income for the domestic non-life insurance business and international non-life insurance business.
Customer satisfaction*5
Employee satisfaction
 Net investment income*2 (domestic non-life insurance business)
Customer satisfaction (accident response of automobile insurance)
(Points)
6 5 4
0
Pride, job satisfaction
MVV awareness (Japan)
"Working vigorously"
MVV awareness (overseas)
 135.3
102.2 56.9
178.1
166.2
89.4
2013
89.3
2014
  91.6
92.6 92.8
93.0 95.8
2018
2019
2020
(FY)
   The combined ratio is a key indicator of profitability for underwriting in the non-life insurance business. Profitability is negative when this indicator exceeds 100% and positive when this indicator falls below 100%.
Net investment income is a major source of earnings, next to underwriting profit, for non-life insurance companies, consisting of such components as interest and dividend income and gains/losses on the sale of securities.
CO2 emissions and total energy consumption*3, *4
Paper consumption
Group consolidated (People) Domestic
Number of employees in Japan
Number of overseas employees (“( )” indicates ratio)
6,003 6,228 6,448 8,573 8,759 9,184 8,958 9,236 (16.4%) (16.8%) (16.8%) (21.1%) (21.6%) (22.2%) (21.6%) (22.2%)
Amount of paper consumption
CO2 emissions (Scope 1+2)
1,126,555 1,142,647 1,070,886
Total energy consumption
1,800 1,500
1,704 20.0
(%) 30
24
(People) 50,000
40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000
0
9,230 (22.2%)
Our growth potential depends on improving customer satisfaction. Along with these indicators, customer opinions are helpful in improving quality.
Number and ratio of female managers*7
Ratio of female managers
* Scope: Domestic Group companies
* All-employee average on a six-point scale
  2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
We consider “mission/vision/value awareness” and “pride and job satisfaction” on the part of Group employees to be important elements in achieving sustainable growth in corporate value, and are always aiming to improve in these areas.
1,791
1,200 15.7 18.1 1,017 18
Number and ratio of global employees
  (t) 20,000
16,036
15,000 10,000 5,000 0
2013
(t-CO2) 140,000
120,000 100,000 80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000 0
(GJ) 1,400,000
1,200,000
1,514 900 12.7 782 944
           13,283 13,940 13,005
1,098,008 1,017,853 1,000,014
948,583 871,338
78,133 400,000
1,200 1,292
600 551 613 12.4 14.8
 13,041
2019
1,000,000
30,640 30,827 31,910 32,044 31,882 32,111 32,509 32,346 32,271 (83.6%) (83.2%) (83.2%) (78.9%) (78.4%) (77.8%) (78.4%) (77.8%) (77.8%)
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
  11,085 10,545
10,035
2020
800,000
12
6
0
satisfaction and growth potential by enabling strategies, product development and organizational management from diverse viewpoints and sense of value. The ratio of female managers (Japan) reached the FY2020 target level of 15%.
  16.1
21.3
     2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
(FY)
2013
2015
2017
2019
2020
(FY)
We believe diversity in the manager position and above leads to greater customer
Increasing the number of employees from different cultures and with a diverse sense of values, and deepening mutual understanding among employees, leads to a stronger organizational capacity for the Group and is a driving force in international business development in particular.
Paperless meetings, PDF-format pamphlets and portable device and tablet use are being actively incorporated to help reduce paper use through various measures including increased application of RPA. FY2019 saw a temporary increase in printed materials due to the change in Japan’s era name and product revisions.
Reducing CO2 emissions helps mitigate climate change, a risk for the non-life insurance business. It also reduces energy-related business expenses.
*1. This calculation method was revised in FY2018. (See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (P. 112) for details.)
*2. Simple sum of non-consolidated figures for MSI and ADI. (FY2010 is the simple sum of non-consolidated figures for Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd., Aioi Insurance Co., Ltd. and Nissay Dowa General Insurance Co., Ltd.)
*3. Total energy consumption is calculated based on the energy conversion coefficient from the Law Concerning the Promotion of Measures to Cope with Global Warming. Electric power energy use, however, is 3.6 GJ/MWh.
*4 For fiscal 2013 to fiscal 2016, CO2 emissions resulting from tenant use of rental properties were included in our own CO2 emissions. Moreover, emissions for fiscal 2013 to fiscal 2015 were calculated prior to the acquisition of MS Amlin, etc., and thus its emissions are not included in these figures. Fiscal 2019 figures were revised to improve calculation accuracy for the data that is the subject of the calculations.
*5. Customer survey choices were streamlined from five options to four in FY2015 and unified within the Group. This figure indicates the ratio of customers who chose the top two options (MSI and ADI). *6. Excludes the Good Results Return premiums of “ModoRich” voluntary auto insurance products
*7. The total for the domestic Group is for April 1 of the following fiscal year, and for December 31 for the Group overseas.
*8. Total amount of policies in force for individual insurance and individual annuity insurance at MSI Aioi Life and MSI Primary Life. MSI Aioi Life was formed from the merger of MSI Kirameki Life and Aioi Life on October 1, 2011, so FY2010 and FY2011 show a simple sum for the two companies.
63 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 64
111,818 119,953 104,669 89,377 600,000
300 245 296 377 449 9.9 3.0 3.6 4.6 5.5 7.1
123,567
2014
120,930
2016
98,110
2018
200,000 0
0 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)

Strategy and Performance
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 11-Year Performance
Key Management Indicators
Ordinary income
[Net premiums written]*1
Ordinary profit/(loss)
Comprehensive income/(loss)
Total assets
Equity ratio
Combined ratio*4 (domestic non-life insurance)
Group ROE*7 / Group Adjusted ROE*8
Per share data (yen)
9 Net income per share (basic)*
Group Core Profit (Loss) per share / Group Adjusted Profit*11 Net assets per share (BPS)
Stock price‒related data
Year-end market price (closing price) (yen) Price-to-book ratio (PBR)*12 (times)
Annual total shareholder return (TSR)*13
TSR for the Last Five Years
MS&AD
TOPIX
TOPIX Insurance Sector Index
 FY2010
FY2011
FY2012
FY2013
FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020
Consolidated financial data (¥ million)
 3,404,942 [2,541,400] 21,005 (189,373) 11,445,003 14.11% 102.9% 0.8% 8.68 23.27 2,597.19 1,894 0.73 (24.9%)
3,764,986 [2,558,844] (96,211) (88,136) 14,537,204 10.27% 116.4% (5.6%) (272.49) (140.82) 2,400.48 1,699 0.71 (7.4%)
4,315,787 [2,639,419] 150,300 543,938 15,914,663 12.56% 105.1% 5.0% 134.46 140.56 3,215.33 2,066 0.64 24.8%
4,362,754 [2,809,581] 190,259 322,865 16,878,148 13.39% 98.2% 4.5% 150.58 152.79 3,646.22 2,364 0.65 17.1%
4,689,658 [2,940,756] 287,061 807,972 18,788,046 16.00% 96.0% 5.9% 221.34 252.99 4,911.40 3,370 0.69 45.3%
5,013,038 [3,078,995] 291,578 (233,116) 20,303,649 13.29% 91.6% 5.2% 298.72 242.83 4,469.58 3,136 0.70 (4.9%)
5,335,239 [3,406,966] 352,612 114,294 21,234,300 12.76% 92.6% 7.9% 350.94 356.39 4,572.82 3,540 0.77 16.7%
5,217,835 [3,446,940] 211,548 311,096 22,472,927 13.09% 92.8% 3.7% 260.04 177.47 4,964.64 3,355 0.68 (1.6%)
5,500,438 [3,500,403] 290,847 (79,701) 23,132,539 11.89% 99.4% 6.1% 328.72 323.87 4,712.11 3,370 0.72 4.6%
5,168,361 [3,573,732] 157,701 (157,288) 23,196,455 10.57% 95.8% 8.0% 248.36 404.77 4,308.37 3,025 0.70 (5.8%)
4,892,244 [3,500,996] 306,524 753,938 24,142,562 12.78% 93.0% 6.7% 255.79 380.20 5,525,42 3,249 0.59 12.5%
180.0 160.0 140.0 120.0 100.0
80.0 60.0
 Net premiums written
2,543,786
2,555,551
2,639,015
2,811,611
2,939,113
3,078,732
3,407,389
3,440,976
3,497,572
3,573,732
3,500,996
Insurance claims paid (non-life + life)
1,646,851
2,133,440
1,961,399
2,025,545
1,996,675
2,023,599
2,162,773
2,311,295
2,528,145
2,403,833
2,307,723
Net income attributable to owners of the parent*2
5,420
(169,469)
83,625
93,451
136,247
181,516
210,447
154,057
192,705
143,030
144,398
Net assets
1,663,381
1,512,134
2,021,625
2,285,832
3,036,663
2,725,274
2,734,432
2,968,387
2,778,047
2,494,038
3,126,657
 4/1/2016
TOPIX
3/31/2017
42.1%
28.6%
3/31/2018
[13.4%]
22.1%
3/31/2019
[6.9%]
41.5%
3/31/2020
[9.1%]
62.3%
3/31/2021
[10.2%]
Consolidated solvency margin ratio*3
-
553.8%
738.8%
772.5%
803.9%
743.3%
872.6%
819.3%
807.3%
781.3%
916.0%
 Past 1 Year
Past 2 Years
Past 3 Years
Past 4 Years
Past 5 Years
MS&AD
12.5%
5.5%
[2.7%]
10.1%
[3.3%]
8.0%
[1.9%]
25.8%
[4.7%]
 Return on equity (ROE)
0.37%
(10.91%)
4.79%
4.42%
5.18%
6.36%
7.78%
5.45%
6.77%
5.50%
5.22%
Group Core Profit*5 / Group Adjusted Profit*6
14,500
(87,500)
87,400
94,800
155,700
147,500
213,700
105,100
189,800
233,100
214,600
TOPIX Insurance Sector Index
28.0%
16.2%
[7.8%]
16.0%
[5.1%]
20.4%
[4.8%]
58.5%
[9.7%]
Notes:
1. The graph above shows the profit margin where an investment is made at the end of March 2016, taking into consideration dividends and share prices as of the end of March 2021. The MS&AD chart indexes the investment results, with dividends added to the share price (assuming no reinvestment of the dividends) with the investment amount at the end of March 2016 set as 100. Similarly, the indices compared use both the TOPIX and the Tokyo Stock Exchange’s industry-specific index (insurance industry), with the data incorporating dividends.
2. The table above shows the investment return (including dividends) as of the end of March 2021 for investments from one year earlier (end of March 2020) to five years earlier (end of March 2016).
3. The values within brackets [ ] from two years earlier to five years earlier show the average annual return, annualized by taking the geometric mean of the investment return for the relevant period.
Source: Calculated by MS&AD Holdings based on data from Bloomberg
*1. Figures are presented exclusive of the Good Results Return premiums of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance’s proprietary automobile insurance product “ModoRich,” which contains a special clause for premium adjustment and refund at maturity.
*2. The net income or net loss attributable to the parent company shareholder is disclosed.
*3. Consolidated solvency margin ratios have been calculated for years beginning from FY2011 reflecting the revision of the Insurance Business Act, etc.
*4. Combined ratio figures (domestic non-life insurance) are based on the simple sums of the non-consolidated figures for MSI, ADI and Mitsui Direct General. For FY2010, however, combined ratio figures are based on the simple sums of the non-consolidated figures for MSI, Aioi, NDI and Mitsui Direct General. Moreover, for FY2018 onward, combined ratio figures are based on the simple sums of the non-consolidated figures for MSI and ADI.
*5. Group Core Profit = consolidated net income - net capital gains/losses on stock portfolio (gains/losses on sales, etc.) - net evaluation gains/losses on credit derivatives - other incidental factors + equity in earnings of the non-consolidated Group companies (prior to FY2017)
*6. Group Adjusted Profit = consolidated net income + provision for catastrophe loss reserve and others - other incidental factors (amortization of goodwill and other intangible fixed assets, etc.) + equity in earnings of the non-consolidated group companies (FY2018 onward)
*7 Group ROE = Group Core Profit ÷ consolidated total net assets (average of beginning and ending amounts excluding stock acquisition rights and non-controlling interest) (prior to FY2017)
*8. Group Adjusted ROE = Group Adjusted Profit ÷ average of beginning and ending amounts on the B/S of adjusted net assets (consolidated net assets + catastrophe loss reserve and others - goodwill and other intangible fixed assets) (FY2018)
*9. Net income/(loss) per share (EPS) disclosed.
*10. Net income per share (EPS) and diluted EPS disclosed. Diluted net income/(loss) per share data prior to FY2015 is not disclosed because there was no potential dilution during that period.
*11. Group Core Profit/(Loss) per share (prior to FY2017) or Group Adjusted Profit/(Loss) per share (FY2018)
*12. Stock price-related indicators are based on the market price of the stock at the end of the fiscal year.
*13. Total shareholders’ return is calculated as follows: (fiscal year-end stock price - previous fiscal year-end stock price + annual dividends) ÷ previous fiscal year-end stock price
*14. Stock price volatility is the annualized standard deviation of returns based on daily closing prices.
*15. The aggregate amount of repurchase for FY2020 was ¥35.0 billion (maximum); the period of repurchase applicable to the aggregate amount of repurchase of ¥20.0 billion (maximum) was from Friday, November 20, 2020, to Wednesday, March 24, 2021 (resolved at the Board of Directors’ meeting held on Thursday, November 19, 2020); the period of repurchase applicable to the aggregate amount of repurchase of ¥15.0 billion (maximum) was from Friday, May 21, 2021, to Wednesday, September 22, 2021 (resolved at the Board of Directors’ meeting held on Thursday, May 20, 2021).
*16. Average repurchase price for FY2020 has not been stated because the repurchase of own shares has not been completed.
*17. Shareholder return ratio = (dividends applicable to the fiscal year (paid in December of that year and June of the following year) + value of share repurchases during the period through the time of the general shareholders’ meeting in the following fiscal year) ÷ Group Core Profit for the fiscal year (from FY2018: Group Adjusted Profit)
*18. Ratio of customers satisfied with accident response for automobile insurance (MSI and ADI). From FY2015, the client survey was modified from five stages to four stages.
*19. Number of female employees in positions of manager or higher (as of April 1 of the subsequent fiscal year for domestic Group companies, and as of December 31 for overseas Group companies)
*20. During the period from FY2010 to FY2016, CO2 emissions resulting from tenant use of rental properties were included in Scope 1 + 2. Moreover, emissions for FY2010 to FY2015 were calculated prior to the purchase of MS Amlin, etc., so do not include emissions from these companies. The figures for FY2019 have been revised in an effort to increase the accuracy of activity data subject to calculation.
Net income per share (diluted)*10
-
-
-
-
-
-
350.90
259.98
328.60
248.22
255.65
Dividend per share (DPS)
54.00
54.00
54.00
56.00
65.00
90.00
120.00
130.00
140.00
150.00
155.00
 Price-earnings ratio (PER)*12 (times)
218.06
-
15.36
15.70
15.23
10.50
10.09
12.90
10.25
12.18
12.70
Dividend yield*12
2.9%
3.2%
2.6%
2.4%
1.9%
2.9%
3.4%
3.9%
4.2%
5.0%
4.8%
Stock price volatility (annual rate)*14
32.3%
26.6%
35.8%
39.0%
25.3%
41.0%
36.9%
19.7%
16.2%
19.4%
23.2%
Capital management policy data (¥ million)
Total dividends
33,583
33,582
33,582
34,715
39,900
54,447
71,489
77,014
81,720
85,770
86,995
Dividend payout ratio (consolidated)
622.1%
-
40.2%
37.2%
29.4%
30.1%
34.2%
50.0%
42.6%
60.4%
60.6%
Aggregate amount of repurchase*15
9,999
0
4,996
9,997
29,992
19,996
29,938
29,981
31,972
34,999
(Maximum)35billionyen
[Average repurchase price (yen)]*16
[2,012]
-
[2,565]
[2,523]
[3,373]
[3,044]
[3,738]
[3,440]
[3,482]
[3,407]
-
Shareholder return ratio*17
300.2%
-
44.1%
47.2%
44.9%
50.4%
47.7%
101.8%
60.0%
52.0%
(Plan) 57.0%
Non-financial data
Customer satisfaction (accident response for automobile insurance)*18
-
-
89.3%
89.4%
89.1%
95.5%
95.6%
96.0%
96.6%
96.5%
96.9%
Number of employees
36,538
36,929
36,643
37,055
38,358
40,617
40,641
41,295
41,467
41,582
41,501
(of which consolidated overseas subsidiaries)
5,621
5,772
6,003
6,228
6,448
8,573
8,759
9,184
8,958
9,236
9,230
Number of female managers*19 (domestic)
-
-
245
296
377
449
551
613
782
944
1,017
Number of employees participating in social contribution activities (domestic)
-
-
16,142
11,373
15,124
16,507
19,861
20,022
23,601
27,673
26,519
CO2 emissions (Scope 1 + 2)*20
106,985t-CO2
98,961t-CO2
114,246t-CO2
111,818t-CO2
123,567t-CO2
119,953t-CO2
120,930t-CO2
104,669t-CO2
98,110t-CO2
89,377t-CO2*20
78,133t-CO2
Paper consumption (domestic)
21,680t
16,445t
14,445t
16,036t
13,283t
13,940t
13,005t
11,085t
10,545t
13,041t*20
10,035t
  A checkmark indicates that fiscal 2020 figures have been assured by KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd.
65 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 66

Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Reports by segment
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business Business Environment and Competitive Conditions
FY2020 Initiatives
Telematics automobile insurance
Our dashcam-based insurance package makes driving safer for the customer. It uses driving data obtained with a dedicated drive recorder developed in-house to produce driving diagnostic reports. It also deploys a safe driving support device to alert drivers to dangers such as risk of collision with the vehicle in front, sharp acceleration or deceleration, and vehicles traveling the wrong way on a highway. This kind of telematics automobile insurance provides a higher degree of customer satisfaction than regular automobile insurance and also has a higher insurance renewal rate. The number of policies sold in FY2020 was 867,000.*
Issues
Improvement of the expense ratio
In FY2020, the expense ratio of the domestic non-life insurance business was initially forecast at 35.1%, particularly in view of the expected fall in income due to COVID-19, the consumption tax increase, and depreciation and amortization of system costs. However, cost-cutting measures allowed a final figure of 33.7% to be achieved. In FY2021, we will continue to drive business style innovations that will also help reduce costs. This will include a review of operating processes based on the application of digital technology, adapting operational and sales practices to the customer preference for non-contact transactions, regularizing remote working, and introducing a free-address system in offices.
Improved profit in the fire insurance business
With the increased frequency and severity of natural disasters in recent years, insurance payouts are increasing. In FY2020, due to an increase in payouts for damage caused by the lifestyle changes associated with COVID-19 and many large losses that occurred, we recorded ¥135.1 billion in underwriting loss before reflecting catastrophe reserves.
Initiatives Going Forward
In the medium to long term, the domestic market is expected to see the continuation of progressive demographic change through lower birth rates and social aging. This means that automobile and fire insurance can no longer reckon with the growth rates enjoyed hitherto. On the other hand, there is growing demand for insurance products to match new risks and new markets not previously foreseen. For example, the
  The Japanese non-life insurance industry’s market scale in terms of net premiums written was ¥8,609.4 billion in fiscal 2019 (based on member companies of the General Insurance Association of Japan). Premiums income from automobile and fire insurance, which accounts for around 50% of all premium income, is on a rising trend due to a revision of insurance rates and other factors. In the casualty insurance sector likewise, income grew in areas such as insurance for construction projects, liability, expense and profit insurance, and cybersecurity. This appears to indicate that new industries have created newly emerging risks and consequently a growth in insurance needs. There are 32 Japanese corporations with non-life insurance licenses, but the domestic non-life insurance market is dominated by a small number of operators, with around 90% of insurance premiums written by the three major non-life insurance groups, MS&AD, Tokio Marine, and Sompo. The MS&AD Insurance Group has a market share of
Business Strategy
Business Review
Japan’s gross domestic product (GDP) in fiscal 2020 saw an effective negative growth rate of 4.6% due to the impact of COVID-19, down from negative 0.5% in fiscal 2019. However, the two main domestic non-life insurers were buoyed by the healthy state of automobile and fire insurance. Net premiums written increased from the previous fiscal year by 0.6% or ¥16.2 billion to ¥2,840.9 billion, once again one of the
approximately 33% and holds the leading share of the domestic non-life insurance market in all lines of business.
Net premiums written*
Adapting to new risks and new markets
We have launched sales of a comprehensive telecommuting compensation plan in response to the lifestyle changes and social needs associated with COVID-19. This insurance policy offers comprehensive compensation against risks associated with telecommuting, which has been promoted in line with changing business styles. The number of policies sold in FY2020 was 1,451*. Toward the realization of the GIGA School Program sponsored by the Japanese government, we have also launched sales of a comprehensive plan offering coverage to business operators engaged in sales activities related to the program.
* Simple sum of MSI and ADI
Expense ratio of domestic non-life insurance business
 (¥ billion) 9,000
8,000
6,000
0 2010 2011 2012
 8,083.1 8,359.7 8,243.9 8,380.6 8,392.8 8,609.4 7,000 6,971.0 7,116.1 7,371.8
     7,771.3
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
2018 2019 (FY)
         • Pursue the Group’s comprehensive strengths • Promote digitalization (CSV x DX)
• Reform the portfolio
287.8
190.1
E/I combined ratio
2.86 100.6
2.87
95.1 93.0
2020
2.88 96.7
95.1
Source: General Insurance Association of Japan, FACT BOOK 2020
* Net premiums written is calculated as net direct premiums written after adjusting
for inward and outward reinsurance, excluding the savings portion of maturity- refund type insurance premiums.
FY2020 initial forecast
FY2020 performance, FY2021 forecast and targets for the future
   33.1%
2019
35.1% 33.7%
2020
34.9% 34.0%
2021 (Forecast)
31% range
30% range
  Group Core Profit / Group Adjusted Profit
Net premiums written and combined ratio
We are now working on initiatives to reduce this loss, for
instance using digital technology to target customers with advice on accident prevention and mitigation and reviewing the criteria for entering into high-risk contracts. Taking into account the position of the General Insurance Rating Organization of Japan, we will additionally consider revisions to products with the aim of returning to profit at the earliest possible date.
COVID-19 pandemic has led to an increase in working from home and a corresponding rise in cybersecurity risk. Risks relating to the renewable energy business and the regenerative medicine research business have also become the focus of attention in recent years. We aim for growth in the domestic market by continuously developing products and services in response to these new areas of liability risk.
(¥ billion) 300
250 200 150 100
50 0
Group Core Profit Group Adjusted Profit
(¥ trillion) 3.00
2.75 2.50 2.25 2.00
Net premiums written
Non-life insurance combined ratio
(%)
105 100 95 90
strongest premium growth rates in the industry. Although fire insurance saw reduced profits due to an increase in large losses and lifestyle changes, this was balanced by income from other insurance categories, so that Group Adjusted Profit increased year on year by 32.6% or ¥38.9 billion to ¥158.5 billion.
2025 (Targets)
Future (FY) targets
           2.64
2.73 2.70 93.0 92.4
2.76 2.78 99.4
96.4 95.8
2019
   153.3
2016
158.5
2020
171.0
2021(FY) (Forecast)
96.4 95.8
94.1 92.7
2017
      92.4
2014
91.9
2015
2017
146.9
2018
119.5
2019
2014
91.6
2015
91.3
2016
2018
2021 (FY) 85 (Forecast)
  67 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 68

Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Reports by segment
Domestic Life Insurance Business Business Environment and Competitive Conditions
FY2020 Initiatives
MSI Aioi Life granted special accommodations to customers in response to the pandemic, including reductions in interest payable on policyholder loans, a premium payment moratorium and payment of hospitalization benefits to policyholders undergoing home treatment. In June 2020, MSI Aioi Life also started selling cancer insurance that customers can apply for in convenience stores as another means of meeting increasingly diverse needs without in-person contact. In July, it became Japan’s first life insurer to roll out mail-in application kits and offer online sales consultations to prospective mail-in applicants. In March 2021, it started offering online sales consultations with an almost entirely remote application process, likewise ahead of competitors.
Issues
  Amid the ongoing globally low interest rate environment, protection-type insurance (e.g., medical insurance, cancer insurance) products and products with living benefits that can be gifted during the insured’s lifetime account for a growing share of the life insurance industry’s sales. Meanwhile, to accommodate new lifestyles that have emerged amid the pandemic, life insurers have to develop new products and services in response to increasingly diverse customer needs and devise new sales models that combine in-person and remote contacts with customers.
Business Strategy
Number of new policies written by line of insurance
MSI Primary Life launched an indexed tontine annuity in July 2020 to meet diverse customer needs heading into the era of 100-year life expectancy. It also developed a new version (launched in April 2021) of an existing whole-life insurance product by adding an anniversary feature that allows the policyholder to pre-designate the payout date for the policy’s living benefits. Additionally, MSI Primary Life adopted a well- balanced hybrid (i.e., in-person/remote) sales model while stepping up remote support for its agents through such means as developing new training programs and content and launching a video streaming studio equipped with state-of-the- art digital hardware in April 2021.
incessantly changing business environment marked by increasingly diverse customer needs, advances in digital technology and a market environment with poor forward visibility.
Life insurance cross-selling ratio* (MSI Aioi Life)
Whole Endowment insurance
2009 237 124 173 465
Other personal insurance Individual annuity
157
1,200
(Policies in ten thousand)
life Term Medical and cancer (FY) insurance Insurance insurance
insurance
   220 163
 Business Review
FY2020 insurance premiums income decreased ¥96.0 billion year on year to ¥1,297.3 billion, largely as a result of the pandemic. Group Adjusted Profit, by contrast, increased to an all-time record of ¥56.9 billion. Its growth was largely attributable to MSI Primary Life, which benefited from a reduction in provisions to policy reserves and a gain on the sale of foreign-currency bonds held to fund refunds to policyholders. Its refunds to policyholders increased as a
Group Core Profit / Group Adjusted Profit
MSI Primary Life will refine its customer-first management amid expectations of long-term growth in demand for its personal annuities and whole life insurance while adapting to an
* MSI Aioi Life’s in-force policy holders acquired through cross-selling channels (professional, corporate, motor, auto dealership) inclusive of long-term third-sector policies transferred since FY2020 ÷ MSI and ADI’s auto and fire insurance policyholders.
MSI Primary Life will strive to better identify changes in customers’ needs and circumstances and develop and roll out unique products that provide true customer satisfaction. It will also endeavor to improve its financial institution agents’ sales capabilities, sales management and sales quality by strengthening its in-depth sales/training support, including follow-up support, for sales personnel active in both in-person and remote channels. Additionally, MSI Primary Life will upgrade its asset management operations through ALM portfolio management that increases investment efficiency while diversifying risk.
2014 2019
0
348 194
225 135
62 534
400 800
559
239
92
 (Source) Life Insurance Association of Japan
220
362
1,600
 Faced with a chronically adverse market interest rate environment, MSI Aioi Life and MSI Primary Life must steadily augment their products and services, continue upgrading the quality of their solicitations, appropriately and soundly manage their operations and maintain or improve their financial condition, all while embracing digital transformation (DX).
  • Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Strengthen cross-selling, leveraging the MS&AD Group’s sales platform, one of the largest in Japan, and incorporate advances in digital technology to provide products and services that extend healthy life expectancy through the prevention and early detection of disease, in preparation for addressing social issues, most notably nursing care, dementia, and advances in medical technology.
• Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Develop and offer unique products that can meet diverse customer needs, including products with giftable or inheritable benefits, and sell them exclusively through financial institutions throughout Japan to facilitate conveyance of assets to the next generation and wealth-building that supports a highly aged society.
MSI Aioi Life aims to increase its life insurance cross-selling ratio to 18.5% by the end of FY2021 by strengthening its ties with the Group’s two domestic non-life insurers and otherwise tapping into the Group’s non-life insurance sales network more effectively. It will also continue reducing interest-rate risk, largely by increasing its allocation to super-long-term bonds.
14.1% 2017
14.9% 2018
15.4% 2019
17.6% 18.5%
2020 2021 (FY)
(target)
  (¥ billion) 60
45 30 15
(¥ billion) 56.9 2,000
43.0 1,500 1,000 500
1,760.5
1,550.0 1,508.1 1,599.9
result of insurance policies denominated in foreign currencies reaching the policyholder’s investment return target, largely by virtue of Australian dollar appreciation. Additionally, MSI Aioi Life ended FY2020 with an embedded value* of ¥958.3 billion, a ¥68.1 billion year-on-year increase mainly due to an influx of new policies.
* For more information on embedded value including European embedded value (EEV), see p. 111.
Future Plans
To upgrade products and expand services to better meet the needs of a long-healthspan society, MSI Aioi Life has started offering premium discounts on income guarantee insurance based on the insured’s state of health, expanded its criteria for payment of nursing care insurance benefits, raised age limits on insurance coverage, launched a second-opinion hotline service and added consultations on medical diagnoses as a new service (July 2021). In the second half of FY2021, MSI Aioi Life plans to commence fully online sales of medical insurance to expand sales in the workplace and remote channels. These initiatives will further round out its service offerings.
 Group Core Profit
Group Adjusted Profit
34.332.6 31.6
Gross premiums income
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance
  1,495.8
1,393.4 1,297.3 1,200.0
          20.4
25.0
25.1
29.7
   0 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FY) (Forecast)
0 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FY) (Forecast)
  69 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 70

Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Reports by segment
International Business
Business Environment
FY2020 Initiatives
• Overseas Group companies are realizing synergies in various areas by partnering with global insurers.
  While the Japanese economy is slowing with the aging and shrinking of its population, overseas economic growth continues, particularly in emerging markets in other parts of Asia. Our international business’s operating environment is marked by incessant change, recently including growing interest in ESG and climate change and accelerated change in lifestyles and business operations affected by the pandemic. Meanwhile, InsurTech companies deploying the latest digital technologies are ascendant in the tech sector.
Total insurance premiums and insurance penetration rate by country
Total insurance premiums (¥ billion) Insurance penetration rate (%)
Collaboration among Group companies
• Utilization of the networks of the two core non-life insurance companies, MSI and ADI
Spreading sales expertise and digitalization
   In our international business, we are committed to capitalizing on such changes as business opportunities. We will further strengthen and expand our international business basis while leveraging digital technologies.
1.7 8,859.6
3.0 17,293.9
Latin America / the Caribbean
2.2 12,432.8
Middle East / Africa
[Examples]
• Insurance underwriting for geothermal power
(Taiwan)
• Alliances with online platforms and bank sales channels • Alliances with investee startups (e.g., Carro in
600,000 500,000 400,000 300,000 200,000 100,000
0
Developed (Source: Swiss Re) countries
9.6
8 6 4 2 0
• Sharing of Head Office’s sales know-how and digital technologies
564,658.2 10
 4.3 67,944.8
China
3.0 21,311.3
Emerging Asia Pacific
• Sharing of underwriting know-how among Group companies
[Examples]
• Rollout of MS1 Brain in Asia
• Insurance embedded in e-commerce sites
• Launch of auto insurance for drivers with dash cams
 except China
Central and Eastern Europe / Turkey / Central Asia
(MSI local subsidiary in Indonesia × MSFC)
• Underwriting of automobile insurance for corporations
Singapore)
generation in Indonesia
 MS&AD’s position
Global footprint spans 49 countries and regions; ranked No. 1 in ASEAN non-life insurance market.
in the U.K.
(MS Amlin × ADI local subsidiary in the U.K.)
   No. 8 among non-insurance groups in the world
Fortune Global 500: 2021 Income Ranking
(US$ million)
Global alliances
• Reciprocal geographic/product-line augmentation with global insurers in Europe/North America (Mapfre, AXA, Generali, Fairfax)
• Joint development of corporate customers with Pacific Insurance in China, and collaboration with Ping An Insurance
Telematics, mobility
• Sharing of telematics and mobility service know-how with overseas Group companies
• Utilization of automobile loss reduction know-how
 Company/Group Name
 Income (US$ million)
 8
MS&AD Insurance Group
 46,149
   Main Business Strategies
Asset management
 • Enhancement of Group-wide asset management through utilization of the Asia joint fund and bond fund operated by MS Amlin
• Intragroup sharing of local market information/analyses gathered by overseas Group companies
• Plans to introduce Group-wide operation and management systems to strengthen governance and risk management
• In the telematics/mobility business, we are leveraging our close partnership with the Toyota Group to develop and expand telematics insurance and services overseas, utilizing a global, five-region structure with locations in Europe, Americas, Asia, China and Japan.
 • Return MS Amlin to growth path
MS Amlin aims to grow its earnings through organic and inorganic growth strategies, including by steadily expanding underwriting in profitable lines of insurance and by benefiting from market hardening.
• Make further inroads in Asian life and non-life insurance markets
Leveraging our preeminent position in Asia, we will efficiently capture market share in rapidly growing economies. In the life insurance market, we will strengthen sales channels and product competitiveness in collaboration with partners.
• Grow new businesses
We will generate profits in new business domains, including data businesses.
• In the international non-life insurance business, we will build a stable earnings base by strengthening main channels, such as over-the-counter bank sales, enhancing product competitiveness, and opening up the Asian market where we can expect growth going forward.
International Business’s Operating Performance and Outlook
  (¥ billion)
Europe 60.9 Reinsurance Business 16.8
Asia -89.6 Americas 0.1 International Life Insurance Business 3.0 1.3
121.1 499.6 18.6 16.8 12.7 16.7
8.1 0.8
5.7 8.4
498.7 514.9 57.9 62.9 11.1 30.9
4.7 1.1
6.4 8.9
513.7 444.9 536.0 69.5 52.8 51.3 23.2 32.8 31.3
0.6 4.2 5.7 11.8 2.8 19.0
  Asia
Americas
43.7
41.4
56.4
66.2
69.4
66.4
71.1
67.7
58.4
56.1
62.1
Group Numerical Management Targets
For FY2021, the final year of our medium-term management plan "Vision 2021," we are forecasting the international business’s Group Adjusted Profit at ¥80 billion. We expect its
Group Core Profit / Group Adjusted Profit
growth to be driven mainly by the international life insurance business and the fading impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
64.4 85.4 99.6 15.6 16.7 19.1 28.8 16.3 26.0 -7.7 -3.3 -7.9
International Business Total
 262.2
287.8
369.0
415.9
461.6
818.7
892.7
938.8
938.8
831.1
968.0
 Europe
-16.1
-11.9
1.8
5.7
-3.1
2.2
-116.2
-3.8
9.4
-43.5
25.0
Reinsurance Business
-6.3
5.1
8.5
11.0
10.7
12.4
-26.0
-6.7
9.1
-0.4
3.9
(¥ billion)
90 60
38.2
30 0
-120
2014
Group Core Profit Group Adjusted Profit
34.6
2016
(¥ billion) 80.0 1,000
938.8 938.8
2018 2019
968.0
(Notes) 1 International business figures are aggregates of the results for overseas consolidated subsidiaries and equity-method affiliates, together with non-life insurance companies’ overseas branches, overseas-based non-consolidated affiliates and the overseas inward reinsurance business of non-life insurance companies’ headquarters, etc.
2 Figures in the “Total” rows include head office adjustments and others and are not equal to the sum of figures for each segment and each region.
3 Net income is on a Group Core Profit basis (Group Adjusted Profit basis since FY2018). The international life insurance business shows equity income.
4 From FY2017, the international life insurance business includes Challenger, ReAssure and Phoenix in addition to the former Asian life insurance business.
Net premiums written
-1.2 5.4
International Business Total
2011
142.8
-112.3
2012
173.1
13.5
2013
215.7
18.0
2014
237.1
38.2
2015
257.7
27.9
2016
240.6
34.6
2017
268.1
-125.0
2018
296.1
5.4
2019
298.8
49.4
2020
278.9
-7.1
2021 (forecast)
320.5
80.0
           27.9
2015
49.4
5.4
800 600 400 200
0
415.9
2014
461.6
2015
818.7
2016
892.7
2017
831.1
2020
Future Plans in International Business
The international business is the MS&AD Group’s core growth driver. We aim to increase its profitability and capital efficiency by maintaining strict underwriting discipline, strategically allocating capital to growth markets and making disciplined investments in the business, mainly in North America and Asia. We will also place priority on reducing
operating expenses and strengthening our organizational capabilities with the aim of building a more efficient organization while increasing intragroup collaboration and realizing various synergies. We will also work to create new businesses, such as by expanding the telematics data business in the United States.
    71 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 72
-125.0
2019
-7.1
2020
2021(FY) (Forecast)
2017 2018
2021(FY) (Forecast)
 Net Premiums Written
Net income

Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Reports by segment
Financial Services Business
Main Initiatives and Achievements
ART Weather derivatives and insurance-linked securities (ILSs) Providing weather risk solutions in response to climate change and customer needs
Reports by segment
Risk-Related Services Business
Through subsidiary Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Venture Capital, we invest in domestic and foreign startups with promising growth prospects, including AI, healthcare and IT businesses. In doing so, we focus on innovation, uniqueness and foresight. Moreover, through the network of MSI we are actively promoting increased sales support for investees and business matching between investee companies. In FY2020, we invested ¥3.5 billion, mainly in IT services companies that we expect to grow rapidly.
Investment amount and book value balance
Nursing Care
elderly lead safe, secure, healthy lives while upholding their dignity. Even
* Insurance-linked securities (ILS) is a generic term for securitized products that transfer risk covered by insurance, including natural disasters, to the capital markets.
Main Initiatives and Achievements
Risk management
MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc., the risk- related services business’s core company, provides a suite of services capable of meeting customers’ diverse expectations, including consulting, research, seminar hosting, lectures and
writing related to risk management.
It is helping to bring about a resilient and sustainable
   MSI is expanding its product lineup, upgrading its solutions capabilities and meeting diverse needs against a backdrop of climate change and other changes in customers’ business environments. In May 2020, MSI started selling “Typhoon Yojin”
weather derivatives to hedge against business losses due to typhoons. It also provides weather risk solutions overseas through its U.S. subsidiary MSI GuaranteedWeather, LLC. In Australia, it has recently started selling weather index insurance.
society by offering solutions to social issues such as disaster prevention and mitigation and newly emergent risks.
 3,406 training sessions/seminars held in FY2020
included 2,605 for our non-life insurers’ corporate auto insurance policyholders, 219 on business continuity planning, 95 on compliance, 80 on occupational health and safety, 68 on natural disasters, 43 on cybersecurity, 41 on welfare risk management, 30 on SDGs, and 28 on product safety.
With the risks faced by corporates and other organizations becoming increasingly complex and sophisticated, we provide practical seminars and training related to risk management in a wide range of fields.
Our FY2020 slate of training sessions/seminars
 FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020
Number of risk surveys conducted
1,009 Domestic 526 Overseas 483
1,092 Domestic 500 Overseas 592
1,031 Domestic 468 Overseas 563
1,189 Domestic 506 Overseas 683
1,140 Domestic 528 Overseas 612
1,312 Domestic 623 Overseas 689
811 Domestic 448 Overseas 363
 Number of training sessions/ seminars arranged
 3,873
 4,199
 3,997
4,720
  4,903
4,809
 3,406
Number of media appearances
232
306
377
386
347
385
516
   Examples of specific transactions
  Industry
Solar power generation
Construction Marine shipping Land transport
Customer’s risk (metric)
Decreased power output due to insufficient sunshine (sunshine duration)
Decreased snow removal revenue due to insufficient snowfall (amount of snowfall)
Decreased revenue due to liner sailing cancellations on account of strong winds (wind speed)
Decreased revenue due to typhoons (number of typhoon transits)
Sources: Japan Meteorological Agency, NOAA/ NESDIS, CSU/CIRA
        Upgrading solutions capabilities, expanding product lineup and strengthening ILS* business
MSI provides investment advice to CAT bond funds managed by equity-method affiliate Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company, Limited, and solicits domestic institutional investors to invest in funds managed by U.K.
subsidiary Leadenhall Capital Partners LLP. It has strengthened
its ILS business through such means as upgrading solutions
capabilities and expanding its product lineup.
 Venture Capital
Expanding and supporting investment in innovative IT startups through VC investment
 (¥ billion)
16.0 12.0 8.0 4.0
Single year investment amount
Book value balance
The two group companies that run the nursing care business* help the
 0 2010
Promoting asset-building-related business in preparation for 100-year lifespan era
* MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Care Network Co., Ltd.: fee-based retirement home business, in-home nursing care business and home care worker business; Fureai Do-Life Services Co., Ltd: geriatric daycare business
Assistance Services
MS&AD GRAND ASSISTANCE Co., Ltd. was established on October 1, 2020. As a leading comprehensive assistance company, it offers a wide range of assistance services, including roadside assistance, home assistance and overseas travel assistance. Its services turn customers’ worries into peace of mind. It supports customers’ daily lives globally, including by arranging overseas medical care through foreign staff.
while heavily impacted by the pandemic, they are driven by a strong sense
 of mission to deliver high-quality services that satisfy all users.
    Defined Contribution Pension Business
 MSI and ADI are strengthening their services for the growing corporate defined contribution (DC) pension plan market and endeavoring to popularize individual-type defined contribution (iDeCo) pension plan, social demand for which is
 Asset Management
Utilizing industry-leading investment research and high-quality asset
73 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 74
management services
variety of businesses related to investment advisory and investment trust management, through Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management.
With more than ¥19 trillion in assets under management, Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management is one of Japan’s largest asset management companies. We engage in a
2020 (FY)
growing in the wake of demographic aging. In particular, they have been getting ready for market expansion driven by a pending legislative amendment of the DC pension system scheduled to take effect in October 2022.
2012 2014
2016
2018

Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
  Asset Management
Asset Management Strategy
ESG Investing
  The MS&AD Insurance Group’s asset management strategy under its Vision 2021 medium-term management plan is to (1) maintain financial soundness and stabilize its asset management revenue by continuing to appropriately practice asset liability management (ALM) and reduce strategic equity holdings and (2) pursue earnings growth by taking more risk
Continue to appropriately practice ALM
Reduce strategic equity holdings
Globally diversified investment
through globally diversified investment as warranted by the investment environment. To successfully execute the strategy, we are strengthening Group governance over asset management and upgrading our asset management and risk management systems by tapping into the Group’s comprehensive strengths.
The MS&AD Insurance Group incorporates ESG into its investment process as a Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) signatory. Specifically, the Group gathers and assesses ESG information relevant to the asset attributes and investment methods in question. It makes investment decisions using such ESG information in combination with traditional financial and other analyses. It is pursuing
thematic investments that lead to solutions for sustainability- related issues, subject to revenue security.
Initiatives to Strengthen ESG Investing
Additionally, the Group practices constructive, ESG- informed, purpose-driven engagement with investees to elevate their ESG consciousness and help them increase their medium-term corporate value.
  Continue to practice ALM tailored to Group companies’ liability profiles while being mindful of asset holdings’ safety and liquidity
 Achieve ¥500 billion reduction over the five years through FY2021*
* We achieved target by FY2020 but plan to reduce holdings by additional ¥100 billion in FY2021.
Targets • Limit to less than 10% of consolidated total assets • Limit to less than 30% of risk amount
    Vision 2021 Stage 2 Action Plan
 Incorporation into the investment process
Entrenchment of ESG-informed processes
Improving engagement
ESG-informed engagement
Thematic/impact investing*
Thematic investing that leads to solutions to social issues
  Initiatives from FY2020 Onward
 • Publicly pledged to cease investing in new coal-fired power plants as a climate change mitigation measure and cease investing in cluster munitions manufacturers out of respect for human rights
• Practicing ESG-informed engagement as a Stewardship Code compliance policy
• Pursuing investments that support sustainable development and mass adoption of renewable energy and investments in green/social/sustainability bonds
Maintain
financial soundness
     Boost earnings
* (Social) impact investing is investment intended to have a desired impact on society and the environment while also generating financial returns.
MS&AD Insurance Group’s ESG Investing Methods
 Holding company initiatives
 Promoting the development and strengthening of asset management systems by putting to best use the Group’s comprehensive strengths
Promoting the increased sophistication and expansion of ESG investing and working to ensure the sharing of operational know-how within the Group
Strengthening asset management governance
Promoting compliance with regulations and enhanced asset management monitoring within the Group
 ESG investing methods
  Content
 Integration
 Systematic incorporation of ESG elements into investment processes
 Research initiatives
 Systematic incorporation of ESG elements into company analysis/valuation
 Negative screening
  Development of frameworks that exclude designated sectors/uses of capital from portfolios
Engagement
  Engagement activities around ESG issues
 Thematic investing
Investments in themes that will lead to solutions to social issues, subject to profitability
 Sustainable/thematic investing
 Investments in sustainability-related themes, organizations or assets that do not fall under the rubric of impact investing
 Impact investing
 Investment approach where investment decisions are made with the intent of generating both returns and social impact (e.g., structural changes in society)
     Asset Management Overview
 Group insurers’ basic asset management policy is to earn stable investment returns by holding enough cash and bonds to maintain safety and liquidity to fund insurance claim payouts and conduct ALM in a manner appropriate to insurance liabilities’ characteristics.
Asset allocation (based on consolidated total assets)
   Additionally, to maintain or increase profitability amid a low interest rate environment, we are diversifying our investment portfolios into assets with higher expected returns, including foreign bonds, foreign equities and alternatives, in stages. Holdings of such assets at FY2020-end totaled ¥7.2 trillion, a ¥1.6 trillion increase from four years earlier.
Others 10.1%
Loans 4.0%
Other securities 10.3%
Foreign securities 22.2%
Total assets as of the end of March 2021
Cash, deposits and savings, etc. 8.5%
Money trusts 7.1%
Bonds 25.9%
Of bonds, JGBs: ¥4.4 trillion
Equities 12.0%
FY2020 ESG Investing
Note: The above data are actual investments of the Group’s domestic life and non-life insurers (excluding overseas investments).
(¥ billion)
  Investee
  As of March 31, 2021
 Cumulative investments to date
  New investments
  Green/social/sustainability bonds
81.0
+18.8
 Renewable (e.g., solar, wind, hydrogen) energy projects
 22.3
 +5.9
 Other (ESG in general, regional revitalization)
 19.0
 +1.5
 International agency bonds
  221.0
  +13.8
 Total
 343.4
 + 40.0
  Investment balance for return-expected assets
Foreign bonds Foreign equities Alternative investments
(¥ trillion)
7.4
2021 (FY) (Forecast)
6.2 5.5
2016 2017
7.1 7.1
7.2
2018 2019 2020
Increasing diversification in return-expected assets*, including foreign securities
* Return-expected assets are those held on the expectation of relatively high returns.
¥24.1 trillion
 75 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 76
Operating company initiatives

Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
  Compliance with Japan’s Stewardship Code
Climate-Related Disclosure
The MS&AD Insurance Group has set “a resilient and sustainable society” as a goal to be pursued by 2030. The Group, in all its business activities, takes into consideration the sustainability of the environment, society, and governance, and is promoting the creation of shared value (CSV initiatives) that contributes to solving issues such as climate change. The Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (hereinafter, “TCFD”) recommended that responses to the challenges of climate change be disclosed in accordance with four frameworks: governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.
The Group endorses this recommendation and promotes climate-related disclosure. We publish the “TCFD Report” covering full contents including scenario analysis that TCFD has proposed.
Governance
Climate-related issues and progress with initiatives are reported to both the Board of Directors and the Group Management Committee and decided after discussions primarily by the Sustainability Committee and ERM Committee (four times annually in principle).
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance declared their acceptance of Japan's Stewardship Code in 2014. They are helping their investees achieve sustainable growth and increase their value from a medium- to long-term perspective by exercising their voting rights and
Engagement with investees (July 2019–June 2020)
Voting record (July 2019–June 2020)
Proposals voted against (July 2019–June 2020)
Engagement topics
constructively engaging with investees from an ESG viewpoint. When engaging with investees, they check the investee’s practices and performance with respect to the matters in the table below.
 Voting process
Receive/review proposals
Screen proposals to determine which require individual scrutiny under internal voting regulations
Review information disclosed by investee and decide whether to engage with management
Engage with management and decide how to vote
  MSI
ADI
 Total (simple sum)
 Number of companies engaged in dialogue
 194
153
347
     Scrutinize certain proposals
     MSI
ADI
 Total (simple sum)
 Proposals voted on (management proposals)
 2,510
1,649
4,159
  Engage with management
     MSI
ADI
 Total (simple sum)
 Proposals voted against (management proposals)
 3
2
5
    Engagement examples
Supervision
Vote for
Vote against
The MS&AD Insurance Group’s climate-related governance structure consists of the Board of Directors, the Group Management Committee and Task-Specific Committees.
The Board of Directors discusses and makes decisions on important matters such as management strategies and capital policies including climate-related matters and supervises the execution of duties by Directors and Executive Officers.
“Business Activities with Consideration for Sustainability” and “Initiatives to Achieve Net Zero by 2050,” which explain our initiatives of climate change mitigation and adaptation and our contribution to transition to net zero after the report by the Sustainability Committee to the Board of Directors and Group Management Committee.
 Engagement topics
  Specifics
 ESG
Operations’ environmental impacts and measures to mitigate them; relationship between operations and social issues; percentage of Board seats held by outsiders, Outside Directors’ expected roles and attendance records of the Board of Directors; compliance with Japan’s Corporate Governance Code
 Financial result
 Results for the current fiscal year and outlook for the next fiscal year and beyond, initiatives to increase profitability/growth potential, risk factors over the short term
 Management strategy
 Management plans’ progress/outlook of attainment, medium- to long-term investment policies, sustainability considerations in business strategies
 Shareholder returns
 Earnings distribution/internal reserves policies, stance toward dividends, metrics
 Business risks
  Preparedness against business risks, state of business continuity planning
  The Group Management Committee discusses important matters such as management policies and strategies, including climate-related matters and initiatives, and monitors the execution.
Decision making/Supervision
Board of Directors
     Examples of engagement focused on non-financial (e.g., ESG) information
     Example (1) (ESG engagement)
   Confirmed management’s strong commitment to the environment and ramp-up of internal
environmental initiatives.
Management plans contain environmental targets vetted by committees under the supervision of the Board of Directors; investee is pursuing medium- to long-term CO2 reduction target. Management is proactive vis- à-vis external disclosure and engagement with shareholders and investors.
  Example (2) (ESG engagement)
  Engaged with a company committed to preventing spread of infectious diseases in developing countries; discussed its stance toward ESG.
Its top priority is contributing to society by supplying products that satisfy customers. It develops anti-viral materials and materials that repel insects that transmit infectious diseases and supplies them to developing countries. We expressed our view that these initiatives are gaining trust in countries around the world and will lead to sustainable growth.
 Reporting
Reporting
 Examples of “nay” votes
Committees Separated by Issue
Execution of Tasks
Group Management Committee
   Sustainability Committee
Chairman Executive Officer, Vice Chairman Executive Officer, President & CEO, Full Time Executive Officer of the Holding Company, Executive Officer in Charge of Sustainability, Executive Officer in Charge of Diversity and Inclusion, one Outside Director, President of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance, President of Aioi Nissay Dowa, etc.
  Administrator CFO
Administrator
CFO CRO
    Examples of votes cast against management proposals
  Example (3) (shareholder returns)
An investee with robust earnings and ample retained earnings did not meet our dividend payout ratio standard. We voted against its proposal after confirming its shareholder returns policy through engagement, determining it had a weak commitment to shareholder returns and deciding it was unlikely to increase its dividend payout ratio.
 Example (4) (retirement benefits for officers)
  An investee had consistently incurred losses and paid no dividends for a while. Against such a backdrop, it asked shareholders to approve a proposal granting new retirement benefits to corporate officers. After engaging with management to ascertain their views on management responsibility, we voted against the proposal as inadequately justified.
  ERM Committee
Full-Time Executive Officers of the Holding Company (excluding Chairman Executive Officer ), etc.
  77 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 78

Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
  Climate-Related Disclosure
Our Group will contribute to the realization of a resilient and sustainable society by initiatives for supporting the development of new technologies and transition to a zero- carbon society that will mitigate climate change risks, by reducing the environmental impact of the Group's business activities and by paying insurance claims of natural catastrophes such as typhoons and floods, while ensuring financial soundness and earnings stability.
Climate-related risks
We consider the effects of physical changes in weather conditions and the transition to a zero-carbon society to be risks in our business operations, and are working to ensure stable earnings and financial soundness. We will maintain and strengthen a system that enables the prompt payment of insurance claims even in the event of a large-scale natural catastrophe. We will also mitigate risks by promoting disaster prevention and mitigation initiatives.
Climate change could have a variety of impacts on our Group's business in the future. Our Group has developed scenario analyses. One is to analyze the impact on insurance underwriting arising from natural catastrophes (physical risk), and the other is about the impact on investment from the rise of carbon cost (transition risk).
Scenario analysis results (excerpt)
insurance loss might be increased.
For the analysis of transition risks, we analyzed
 Climate change brings about the intensification of natural catastrophes, physical changes in weather conditions, and rapid social and economic changes in the course of transition to a zero-carbon society.
transition to a zero-carbon society will bring opportunities for our Group's growth, such as stimulated demand for new insurance products and services, and improved performance of our clients as new industries emerge or technological changes take place.
MS&AD Group’s initiatives
For the analysis of physical risks, we analyzed changes in insurance loss arising from typhoons which are impacted by further warming of the planet, and confirmed that
Details of scenario analyses are disclosed in our TCFD report.
Climate-related opportunities
Therefore, it is essential to mitigate the further global warming and prepare for natural catastrophes. Our Group provides insurance coverage for damages arising out of natural catastrophes, while ensuring financial soundness to provide society with peace of mind and safety. We promote climate change adaptation by providing services to eliminate or reduce damage and loss arising from natural catastrophes.
Rapid social and economic changes resulting from
Strategy
additional costs allocated to our investee companies in the context of responses to rising global temperatures. We found that the companies developing their measures might lead to reduction of additional costs.
According to the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), the global average temperature in 2020 was about 1.2 °C higher than the preindustrial (1850-1900) average. As the global warming progresses, natural catastrophes tend to become more severe. Even in Japan, the number of heavy rain and short-time heavy rain which may cause floods and sediment disasters is increasing. The average temperature in 2100 could rise by more than 4°C compared to the preindustrial days if global warming progresses at the current rate. In that case, there is a possibility that the insurance payments for natural catastrophes may increase significantly.
 Business Domain
  Analysis
   Result Examples
  Scenario
   Physical Risk Analysis
 Insurance underwriting
 Estimated fluctuation of insured loss of typhoon and storm surge
Typhoon 2050
Changes to "intensity"
Approximately +5% to approximately +50% Changes to "frequency"
Approximately –30% to approximately +28%
 RCP4.5 RCP8.5
    Transition Risk Analysis
     Investment
     Impact on investees by carbon cost
   Stocks 2030
4.66% 9.23% 20.29%
Low scenario Medium scenario High scenario
      Scenarios developed by Trucost using Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs), OECD and/or IEA
    Based on the MS&AD Insurance Group Risk Appetite Statement, we have determined to clarify the amount of risk that can be held under normal conditions and to take risks based on our capital policy in order to realize our management vision. We develop the Group's medium-term management plan that is in line with our Risk Appetite Statement. Also, we aim to ensure soundness and improve capital efficiency and RoR based on the ERM cycle.
Management of natural catastrophe risks
Monitoring phase
Execution phase
• Take risks within then amount of risk that can be held
• Monitor occurrence of risks, condition of capital, etc.
• Examine necessary countermeasures, etc. based on monitoring results
Planning phase
• In addition to monitoring climate change in the medium to long term, incorporate impact of climate change, actual risks of climate change, etc. into the Group Material Risks, and formulate a management initiative plan.
Control of the retained amount of natural catastrophe risk
• Formulate a strategy based on the Risk Appetite Statement
With respect to domestic wind and flood risk levels and the US wind and flood risk levels, we are managing natural catastrophe risks by setting the maximum risk levels (risk limits) for the Group and for each company, using the levels of risks that occur once every 200 years as a basis. In addition to natural catastrophe risk measurement and large- scale natural catastrophe stress tests, we are working on incorporating the effects of climate change into stress tests and advancing consideration of methods to quantify the effects of climate change.
We statistically evaluate the level of risk we take on both by geography and by disaster type. Based on this evaluation, we strive to conduct appropriate insurance underwriting, acquire reinsurance, issue catastrophe bonds, and accumulate catastrophe loss reserves. Through these measures, we are working to improve financial soundness and reduce the risk of fluctuations in profit and loss during a given period.
Risk Management
 Classification
 Example
  Risk Examples in our Business Activities
  Physical risks
  Acute
   Typhoons, floods, storm surges, heavy rains and wildfires
  Deterioration in income and expenditure due to the intensification of natural disasters, etc., and an increase in capital costs due to an increase in profit volatility
 Chronic
 Rising sea levels and temperatures
Changes in weather such as low rainfall and drought Decrease in supply of water and other resources Changes in the habitat of infectious disease vectors Increase in heat stroke
Transition risks
       Policy and Legal
 Rise in carbon prices
Strengthening environmental regulations
and standards
Change in energy composition
Rising number of climate related litigation cases
     Decline in investment returns caused by deterioration in the performance of investee companies due to an increase in carbon costs
    Technology
  Progress in decarbonization technology
Changes in industrial structure due to a decrease in demand for low carbon efficient products
Reduced earnings due to inability to capture changing markets due to decarbonization
 Market
  Changes in supply and demand for goods and services
 Reputation
 Criticism of delayed response to climate change
  Decreased reputation due to inadequate information disclosure and/or delayed response to climate change
     79 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 80

Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Special Feature
 How CSV × DX Will Bring About the Next
 Stage for MS&AD
 In a time of uncertainty, the use of digital transformation (DX) is indispensable for solving various social issues.
By successfully incorporating rapidly evolving digital technologies, we are providing products and services that help solve social issues around the world, leading to sustainable growth for the Group.
 Climate-Related Disclosure
The Group has a policy of engaging its investees in constructive discussions that place priority on ascertaining management challenges, shareholder return policies and non-financial, including ESG, information from the standpoint
of helping the investee to grow sustainably and increase corporate value over the medium to long term.
Responsible investment
In the course of such engagement, the Group checks the investees’ ESG policies. Its main environmental points of inquiry include climate change and decarbonization initiatives.
 Metrics Pertaining to Risks and Opportunities
Metrics and Targets
Product development and revisions that contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation are set as monitoring indicators.
Metrics and Targets for Reduction of Our Environmental Burden
Our Group set medium-to long-term CO2 emissions reduction targets in FY2010 and has been working to reduce CO2 emissions from its business activities. We reviewed our medium-and long-term targets, having achieved our FY2020
CO2 emissions reduction target (Scope 1 + Scope 2)
CO2 emissions reduction target (Scope 3)
Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in the investment portfolio
Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in the investment portfolio
Weighted average carbon intensity (WACI)
(t-CO2e)
(t-CO2e/1 million U.S. dollars)
CO2 emissions reduction target (30% reduction from the FY2009 level) and set new targets in May 2021 in line with the Paris Agreement.
 Base Year
  Target Year
 Reduction
FY2019
  FY2030
 –50%
 FY2050
  Net Zero
   Base Year
  Target Year
  Reduction
  Categories
 FY2019
 FY2030
–50%
1, 3, 5, 7, 13
 FY2050
  Net Zero
  All Categories
  As of the end of March 2020
 Stocks
 Corporate bonds
 Scope 1 + Scope 2
  2,717,033
  3,518,615
   As of the end of March 2020
 Stocks
 Corporate bonds
 Scope 1 + Scope 2
  121.45
  205.06
    CSV
Seven priority issues for a resilient and sustainable society
Deal with new risks
A mobility society without accidents Good health and longevity Resilient community development Climate change mitigation and adaptation Improving the sustainability of natural capital Leaving no one behind
DX
Incorporate digital technologies
GLOBAL
Global rollout in
Japan, Asia, and the rest of the world
         Big Data
RPA (robotic process automation)
Artificial intelligence (AI)
Mobility
      Business Style Reforms
Blockchain
81 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 82
 
    Strategy and Performance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 CDO Message
Helping to further solve social issues with CSV combined with DX
Masashi Ippongi
CDO
(Digitalization Promotion)
We will create new business that solves social issues by combining the strengths of MS&AD with DX.
wealth of data collected from inside and outside the Group, we have the power to expand globally into future growth markets. Leveraging these strengths to move ahead with the CSV x DX strategy will transform our products and services as well as our sales channels and sales techniques, ultimately leading to the creation of new business. By sharing our transformation initiatives across the entire Group to further strengthen global cooperation, we will expand our business, not only in Japan, but also from Asia to the rest of the world.
We are encouraging each employee to change their way of thinking so we can provide high-value-added services.
 With, for example, transforming our products and services, in the event of an accident and conventional insurance where claims are made and compensation is given for financial loss, the risks are identified in advance and conveyed to the customer to prevent the risks from happening. In the unlikely event the risk manifests, we will transform into high-value- added insurance that reduces the impact, seamlessly assisting for a quick recovery.
digital human asset development program in collaboration with universities, as well as a problem-solving program to discover start-up companies in Silicon Valley in the United States. In tandem with building such a foundation, we are also focusing on changing the behavior and mindset of our employees. One initiative is the Digital Innovation Challenge Program which helps to foster digitally minded employees. We will contribute to the sustainable growth of the Group by having each and every employee square up to the issues in society and seek solutions using digital technology with the aim of putting these solutions into practice in society.
We are making various efforts to promote this CSV x DX strategy globally, including building a database that shares knowledge and expertise across the Group and building a
Transform Products and Services
Conventional Insurance
Future products and services
Insurance premiums with greater customer satisfaction...
Driving behavior data
Compensation (guarantee) for financial loss due to accident or illness
Subdivision of
natural disaster risk Healthcare data
Compensate (guarantee)
For example...
Automobile
Facility & Business Premises Healthcare
... Utilizing such to provide insurance services with greater customer satisfaction
              A rapidly changing society creates many risks, and creates demand for mitigating these risks. The Group will accurately grasp such demand and provide solutions to turn changes in the business environment into a source of growth. Digital transformation (DX) contributes significantly to solving these social issues. The Group will promote its CSV x DX strategy to solve social issues using DX, thereby achieving sustainable growth.
Safety driving advice
Flood damage forecasting
Health promotion
Accident prevention alerts
Weather alerts
Disease prevention
Road rage deterrent
Measures against cyberattack
Mental-care
Communicate and prevent risks
Minimize impact
Quick recovery
  Automatic call out to emergency services in the event of an accident
 Quick accident settlement using video
 Flood damage surveys using drones and AI
 Repair of damaged facilities
 Health recovery
 Prevention of serious diseases
The Group’s diversity is a great strength when it comes to pushing forward with the CSV x DX strategy. By understanding customers’ diverse needs and utilizing the
etc.
 Seamlessly providing safety and peace of mind to customers
  Looking for paid and free data business ideas Entrants
  Data owned by each Group company
x Third-party data
Nine areas in which the government and the Keidanren (Japan Business Federation) are expected to analyze and utilize data
Healthcare
Mobility
Manufacturing
Finance
Infrastructure, disaster prevention and mitigation
Agriculture, forestry and fisheries
Living
Tourism
e-Administration
   Approx. 2,800 Group-wide
Logo Mark
Concrete Rollout of the CSV x DX Strategy
Our Strengths
Rollout of the CSV x DX Strategy
Create new business
Building a Foundation for Promotion
Digital Innovation Challenge Program
Human Asset Development Program
Building a Database to Share Knowledge and Expertise Group-wide*1
  Transform products and services
   Diverse partnerships Largest agent network in Japan Largest customer base in Japan
Wide range of rollout capability
 Transform sales channels and sales methods
 Diverse needs
Diverse data
C SV DX
Global rollout
Accelerating Group growth
 MS&AD Digital Academy
Collaboration with INIAD
(the faculty of Information Networking for Innovation and Design at Toyo University)
MS&AD Digital College from Kyoto Data Science Training
Joint development with KUAS (Kyoto
University of Advanced Science) Collaboration with Shiga University
        Group comprehensive strengths (diverse Group companies)
 Develop digitally minded human assets
 Network spanning
49 countries and regions
Logo Type
       83 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 84
Foundation for promoting the CSV x DX strategy
*1. Collaboration with Amazon Web Services (AWS) Japan and Scalar
*2. Develop database for Group companies to share startup information and business ideas
Use Examples
Aggregate information on start-up companies that have relationship with MS&AD Insurance Group*2
Domestic and overseas Group companies
Accumulate and share business ideas that MS&AD Insurance Group employees have come up with*2
•Development of digitally minded human assets within the Group •Share ideas across the Group to
Use Examples
 Presence in Asia,
a future growth market
Share knowledge Group-wide
   •Creation of collaborative projects with startups
•Solving issues in business partner companies
create new business
 Change the mindset of employees

  Strategy and Performance
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
  CSV x DX: Case 1
Cyber Risk
  Companies and organizations protected against cyber risks
Just over
Social Impact
 • Countermeasures against cyber risk protect not only the company but also stakeholders, such as customers and business partners, from damage caused by information leakage and business interruption, helping to improve the company’s reputation.
• By quickly recovering from damage caused by cyberattacks, financial damage resulting from business interruption and indemnity liability can be minimized, leading to more stabilized company management.
• Expanding telework to safe environments enables flexible work styles unconstrained by time or place. As well as helping to create a good work-life balance, it also leads to regional revitalization and securing a labor force in a time of declining population.
Economic Impact on the Company
(FY2020)
* Growth rate in number of MS&AD Insurance Group
20,000
(FY2020)
* Number of MS&AD Insurance Group policies for cyber insurance, etc.
 Policy growth rate
Approx. 150%
policies for cyber insurance, etc.
• Prevention of serious cyber incidents and support for quick
recovery in the event of damage avoids extensive harm to customers and at the same time leads to reduced insurance claim payments.
• By providing various services related to cybersecurity for SMEs, presence in the SME market as a whole will be improved, leading to proposals for other insurance policies.
• In business environment terms, revisions to the Act on the Protection of Personal Information scheduled to come into effect in April 2022, will most likely increase the need for cyber insurance as it will become mandatory to report to the Personal Information Protection Commission and notify those affected in the event of an information leak due to unauthorized access.
(year on year)
Upholding company safety with a one-stop
Creation of Business Opportunities
In the age of the IoT where all things are connected, importance of cybersecurity measures is expanding
service from cybersecurity measures to
 compensation in case of incident
While the spread of information technology (IT) has dramatically improved convenience and productivity, there are many cases where confidential corporate information is leaked due to cyberattacks or unauthorized access, and cases where business is interrupted. According to results from a survey conducted by MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, the level of priority in terms of mitigating against cyber risk is lower than other management issues, regardless of the size of the company. However, as the risk of cyberattack is expected to increase in the future, security measures will doubtless be positioned as an even more important
management issue in the future. The MS&AD Insurance Group seamlessly provides, alongside cyber insurance, a series of risk identification, defense, detection, response, and recovery services as measures to increase
protection against cyberattack.
 Japan’s Cybersecurity Market
¥1,023 billion by 2025 Source: IDC Japan
 Global Cybersecurity Market
$534.5 billion by 2030 From 2020 to 2030
 Social Issues
Rapidly increasing cyberattacks
• Along with an increasing number of cyberattacks year on year, more wide-ranging damage is taking place, from data theft to obstruction of business. Moreover, cyberattacks are becoming ever more sophisticated and complex with not only direct attacks on an organization but also attacks via business partners, etc.
• The level of priority in terms of mitigating against cyber risk is lower than other management issues, regardless of the size of the company.
• There is an urgent need for companies and organizations to take measures regardless of industry or scale.
Solutions
Seamlessly developing services starting from specifying risks using digital technology
• Expansion of cybersecurity measures in an IoT society where all things are connected
• Expansion of cybersecurity measures for automobiles in preparation for connected cars and autonomous driving
• Expansion of cybersecurity measures due to increased use of e-commerce
• Expansion of cybersecurity measures in telework, expected to be in active use for business continuity in the event of new threats such as infectious diseases and frequent natural disasters
• Possible to approach overseas companies with expertise acquired, leading to sales expansion and new market development
Expanding Services through Collaboration
Cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated every day. To companies that are active at the global level, the MS&AD Group is quick to propose cutting- edge technology and services, while providing simple and easily understood technologies to the small and medium-sized enterprises that prop up the Japanese economy. In addition, its business partnership with an Israeli start-up company enables the Group to incorporate the latest knowledge, and it is also raising investment limits for the corporate venture capital fund it set up in Silicon Valley to focus on creating innovation.
Going forward, the MS&AD Group will continue to provide a variety of cyber insurance and services. In addition to helping resolve the social issue of cyber risks that threaten the foundation of industry, we will also use them to open the way to further growth for the Group.
Takeshi Doi
Market Development Dept., MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc.
• Seamless rollout of a series of services
11.8% annual growth
Source: Report Ocean 2021
 Increased searching by attackers
The number of communications thought to be “preliminary actions,” where criminals attempt a cyberattack online by searching for devices with weak security, has rapidly increased to about 500.1 billion per year in 2020.
4.54billion
500.1billion
Development
of organizational framework
Specifying risks
Defense and detection
Response and recovery
Insurance
 Specifying risks using digital technology
• In partnership with Verizon Japan: Conduct internal risk assessment service based on questionnaires.
• In partnership with BitSight Technologies: Measure and evaluate the security situation based on externally observable information.
• Package the “Bouken Cyber” 24/365 service, which aims to enable small and medium-sized enterprises to respond to increasingly ingenious cyber-attacks not only through defensive measures, but also by rapidly detecting intrusion threats and initiating the response in emergencies. In April 2021, this was registered as a Cyper Security Support Service with the Information-technology Promotion Agency.
• In collaboration with Vdoo: Identify and evaluate cybersecurity risks in IoT devices developed and manufactured by customers and those used in factories.
• In collaboration with BitSight Technologies and Kovrr: Combine basic input data provided (sales, profit, number of employees, etc.) with external assessment of customers used by BitSight, to calculate probable maximum loss (PML) (Kovrr model) and publish results in a report.
           2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020(FY) Source: NICTER Observation Report 2020, The National Institute of Information and Communications Technology
85 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 86

 Strategy and Performance
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
   CSV x DX: Case 2
Data Business
  Social Impact
Number of companies collaborating on RisTech 64
Collaborative efforts Considering
• Contributing to solve corporate issues in various fields, such as disaster prevention and mitigation, mobility, healthcare, and smart cities, by utilizing and analyzing data owned by business partners and other statistical data, in addition to policy and accident data.
• Enabling the effective use of various data not utilized to date due to lack of specialist analytical staff and inability to process large quantities, leading to improved business operations for companies.
Economic Impact on the Company
    262
(Year-to-date as of the end of fiscal 2020)
    Increased insurance premiums thanks to RisTech
Approx. ¥17.5 billion
(Year-to-date as of the end of fiscal 2020)
• By presenting data analysis results of value, we can improve our presence, increase our top line, and improve our profitability.
• By collaborating with business partners through the use of data, it is possible to create shared value with society beyond the company framework.
Supporting solutions to social issues to help
Creation of Business Opportunities
Unlimited possibilities created by connecting all kinds of data
realize a safe and secure society through new
 services that utilize data
 With the progress of digital technology, more and more data is being collected from our lives and businesses as we are told that the analysis and utilization of data is essential for strengthening company competitiveness.
The MS&AD Insurance Group aims to create new business to develop and expand a data business that goes beyond the current framework of insurance by collecting and utilizing such data.
For example, by utilizing big data and the latest analytical algorithms, we can visualize and optimize the risks faced by companies to provide high-value-added services that contribute to solving social
issues. These services utilize all sorts of data such as Smart Mobility Telematics that
exhaustively detects dangerous behavior that leads to accidents, and scoring
Data trading market scale forecast (worldwide)*1
$500 billion in 2022 $708 billion in 2025
Connected car market scale forecast (worldwide)*2
$373.4 billion in 2030
*1 Source: Data Monetization Market, Transparency Market Research *2 Source: Report Ocean
 points for safe driving, from a large amount of driving data obtained using telematics technology and RisTech*,
designed to solve problems.
 Social Issues
Diversifying,
Complex Challenges and Needs
Smart Mobility and Telematics
• New risks need to be addressed with technological innovations related to mobility and telecommunications.
Regional Revitalization and Smart Cities
• The concept of smart cities and regional revitalization are being promoted in response to population decline and urban concentration.
Climate Change
• Global warming and climate change need to be addressed.
Solutions
Initiatives on Various Themes and Areas That Can Reach the Issues for Society and Industry as a Whole
Smart Mobility and Telematics
• In Japan, in collaboration with a manufacturer of on- board equipment (digital tachographs), build an accident forecasting model, helping to reduce the number of accidents, by combining automobile data (acceleration, deceleration and driving time, etc.) with our own accident data.
• Global rollout of new products and services that utilize telematics technology, such as with establishing the insurance software development company MOTER Technologies in the United States.
Regional Revitalization and Smart Cities
• Make efforts to support local governments with aging infrastructure by installing image analysis AI that detects damaged parts of the road on a dashcam specifically for the “Mimamoru” dashcam-based automobile insurance.
• To promote DX in local public organizations, research and develop solutions from the perspective of consumers together with partner companies, local public organizations, and start-up companies that help solve social issues.
Climate Change
• Climate change impact analysis utilizing technologies of investee startups.
• Increase in data that can be obtained from connected cars, expanding the scope of utilization globally
• Increase in expertise for solving problems in local communities using data, leading to wider ranging comprehensive agreements with local governments
• Working to realize smart cities, helping to maintain and create vibrant cities
• Using collected data to expand the range of products and services beneficial for health promotion, pre- symptomatic illnesses and preventing disease, to realize a society of health and longevity
• Expand the climate change impact analysis service due to an increase in natural disasters caused by climate change
     * This service is provided by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance in collaboration with Accenture to visualize and optimize the risks faced by companies by utilizing big data and the latest analytical algorithms to facilitate solutions to issues.
We aim to contribute to the realization of a safe and secure society by solving various social issues, such as support with measures against earthquakes and floods, by combining Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance’s expertise on accident and disaster data, etc. with the diverse industry knowledge that Accenture has cultivated through consulting in the global digital technology sphere.
Utilizing Data as a Source of
Value Creation
Centered on CSV x DX x GLOBAL, the data business is one of the key pillars of the Group's growth strategy. RisTech and the US data business are initiatives unique to the Group. We will globally rollout strongly linked initiatives while taking advantage of the characteristics of each company.
In addition, we will solve social and regional issues and grow together by seeing the risks arising from changes in the social environment and industrial structure as growth opportunities, collaborating with various companies to create new business that utilize digital technologies and data.
Kensuke Onuma
Data Solution Section
Corporate Planning Department
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
Yutaka Matsui
Digital Strategy Department
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
87 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 88

  Strategy and Performance
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
  CSV x DX: Case 3
TCFD Support
  Social Impact
Number of sites analyzed by Jupiter Intelligence
 • Companies can understand in advance potential damage caused by natural disasters to their factories and offices.
• Strengthening capability to respond to huge accumulated risk from natural disasters.
• Risks of investment and loan portfolios can be understood at financial institutions.
• Sophisticated business decisions (location and supplier selection, portfolio review, disaster prevention measures, etc.) can be made based on climate change factors, leading to improved resilience for society as a whole.
Economic Impact on the Group
Growth rate
of contracted consultations in the field of climate change
6,110 sites
(Between July 2020 and end of June 2021)
 Year-on-year increase of approximately
• By providing support related to key management issues, medium- to long-term relationships with client companies are strengthened, helping to further dealings such as with insurance, services, and consulting.
• Expanding insurance market owing to synergies with insurance sales.
• Increased number of underwriting/product development and services in light of climate change risks, and more sophisticated natural disaster risk management in the MS&AD Insurance Group.
• Through our impressive track record, enhancing the reputation of the Group and resulting in growth in consulting-related outsourcing
70%
(FY2020)
Providing services that assess impacts of natural
Creation of Business Opportunities
Rollout of one-stop services including support for natural disaster countermeasures in Asia, where the risk of flooding is high
disaster risk associated with climate change to
 support corporate information disclosure
In recent years, natural disasters, such as droughts and large-scale floods, have occurred frequently all over the world, greatly impacting corporate activities. Under these circumstances, the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) established by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) recommends that companies disclose climate-related risks as part of their financial information.
Companies are expected to assume a number of different climate change scenarios and explain how resilient their businesses, strategies and financial plans are. As such, MS&AD InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting has partnered with Jupiter Intelligence of the United States,
a company in which MS&AD Ventures invests, to develop a service that
  analyzes and assesses the impact of intensifying climate change on companies based on future scenarios.
Total global GDP impacted by river flood damage at a frequency of once-in-10 years in 2030
$17 trillion
Estimated that half of this will occur in Asia, especially China
and India
 Social Issues
Actualization and Further Intensification of Climate Change Risks
• There are concerns about the actualization of climate change risk and its further intensification.
• The TCFD Recommendations, which require companies and financial institutions assess, manage, and disclose future climate change risks, are rapidly becoming mainstream. In scenario analysis, it is necessary to consider the physical risks, such as natural disasters that will likely be exacerbated by the impact of climate change, as well as various implications to business due to the transition to a zero-carbon society (transition risks).
• Recently, an increasing number of companies are conducting quantitative impact assessments using carbon pricing assumed for each scenario, but for physical risks, with the exception of some financial institutions, there are only a limited number of detailed quantitative assessment cases based on climate change models.
Number of institutions (worldwide) supporting TCFD recommendations
Solutions
Climate-Related Information Disclosure Support in Collaboration with Startups
• Collaboration between MS&AD InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting and Jupiter Intelligence, an expert in climate models.
• Jupiter Intelligence’s system analyzes the risk of natural disasters, such as floods and storm damage, with a high level of accuracy (90m x 90m) all over the world.
• The needs of companies with assets, manufacturing bases, and supply chains in Asia, where the risk of flooding due to climate change is highest, will expand.
• Offering services other companies cannot by providing a one-stop service up to support for on-site natural disaster countermeasures.
• By expanding from analysis of business sites to assessments of value chains, it will be possible to provide new services.
• The scope of assessment indicators will increase due to improved model accuracy in Jupiter Intelligence's technology and the formation of a loan portfolio valuation scheme for financial institutions that
• Through the Group’s services, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation discloses information in line with TCFD recommendations with sophisticated climate change scenario analysis. Climate change scenario analysis methods using AI technology may spread widely to Japanese companies as the basis for future information disclosure.
• •
According to future temperature rise scenarios, AI simulations are conducted from 2020 to 2100 in five-year increments to predict maximum wind speeds in storms and flood depths.
Estimated economic damage caused by flooding is also calculated using information held by MS&AD InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting. This supports corporate information disclosures in line with TCFD recommendations.
utilize technology.
(World Resource Institute 2020 Report)
 Climate Change Impact Assessment Service for TCFD
 Customer Data
• Latitude and longitude of the site to be assessed
• Asset value and number of floors in assessing the financial impact of flooding
 River floods and coastal floods
Assesses flood depth and financial impact
 Assesses maximum wind Storm speeds or probability of
exceeding a certain wind speed
 Heat wave
Assesses the average number of days per year when the maximum temperature exceeds 35 degrees Celsius
 Assessment • Risk trends, overall and by site report • Financial impact of flood disasters, etc.
 1,400 1,200 1,000
800 600 400 200
0
Operating companies
Financial institutions
Global Assessment of the Impact of Climate Change
on Natural Disaster Risk
Our climate risk forecasting tool, Global Climate Score, is the most comprehensive and scientifically accurate service. It incorporates all of the world’s best scientific climate models to forecast impacts for the requirements of customers around the world.
Most companies in the world continue to operate without an accurate picture of the climate change risks that affect them. Using this service is a huge step forward in terms of changing the management process. We have already heard from our customers that they are now able to predict risks more accurately.
 89 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 90
Richard Sorkin, CEO
Jupiter Intelligence
6/2017
12/2017 6/2018
12/2018 6/2019
12/2019 5/2020

 Strategy and Performance
FOCUS
A System for Implementing CSV Initiatives
  Under the banner of “a resilient and sustainable society” as our vision for society in 2030, the Group is promoting various efforts toward creating shared value (CSV) with society using the SDGs as leading marks. In order to solve social issues through our
40,000 Group Employees Engaged in CSV
The Sustainability Contest 2020
business, it is essential for each Group employee to deepen their understanding of CSV and the SDGs. As such, the MS&AD Insurance Group is implementing various initiatives with the aim of raising awareness among each and every employee.
The Sustainability Contest, held for the third time, commends examples of efforts that lead to the sustainability of society and the Group, as well as to CSV, through the tasks and business activities employees engage in every day. A total of 354 applications were submitted, an increase in number from 2019. Examples included initiatives and proposals for social issues that have emerged since the pandemic, such as the increasing need for a contactless customer environment and a rise in remote work.
Solving Long-Standing Issues in the Livestock Industry with IoT and Insurance
 Winners
In cooperation with Japan’s public agricultural insurance scheme, we have developed an insurance product that compensates farmers for livestock veterinary fees not otherwise covered by insurance. By incorporating insurance into a behavior monitoring system for cattle that incorporates IoT sensors, cattle mortality rates have been reduced,
Creating New Business by Utilizing Data and Digital Technologies
helping to stabilize the management of livestock farming and at the same time preventing losses for public agricultural insurance. In addition, by improving the working environment for veterinarians, such as by dramatically reducing unnecessary visits, it is contributing to the resolution of issues that have concerned the livestock industry for many years.
 The world of agriculture, especially that of livestock, is far removed from the non-life insurance industry, and although it is recognized as a huge market, there is by no means enough expertise. This initiative did not work with the resources of the Group alone. It was not until we formed an alliance with a livestock IoT venture company that we were able to build a system to solve long-standing problems for our customers. With the spread of COVID-19 we are in the
 Takaya Murao
Section 1
Commercial Production Dept. 2nd, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
Hirokazu Miyagishi
Financial & Governmental Institutions Business Promotion Division
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
midst of a different dimension for environmental change, but we feel that the most important measure to make this change a growth opportunity for the Group is discovering and resolving social issues.
The Digital Innovation Challenge Program
We have been holding the Digital Innovation Challenge Program since fiscal 2019 in order to promote digitalization. This is an initiative in which employees of 14 Group companies come up with ideas and use those ideas to solve social issues through open innovation.
In fiscal 2020, we called for business ideas that utilize third-party data and data owned by each Group company, receiving more than 2,700 applications. After rigorous screening by data scientists and outside experts, 28 were taken up as innovation projects.
 The idea of the dashcam data-sharing proposal is to enable accurate on-scene verification by utilizing dashcam data so that more appropriate insurance claims can be settled. This idea came about from the desire to improve quality and operational efficiency in claims services and to create a better society with fewer disputes. What you feel through your work and the ideas that come from it are different. I think this Challenge Program has great significance in that it gives all Group employees the opportunity to participate, regardless of their position.
Tatsuya Ogawa
Akashi Service Center
Hyogo Claims Department
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Demonstration Experiments Underway based on Dashcam Data Sharing
We are considering selling data, detected and collated by artificial intelligence from actual dashcam footage, to local governments to help inspect vital infrastructure. In collaboration with UrbanX Technologies, 10 local
governments are conducting demonstration experiments to support the maintenance of social infrastructure using dedicated dashcams.
91 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Selection criteria • Social impact
• Communication
• Group synergy
• Approach
• Potential for expansion
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
  93 94
102 105
Chairman’s Message
Corporate Governance System and Initiatives
94 Corporate Governance Evolution, Director/Audit & Supervisory Board Member Composition
95 Corporate Governance System
96 Task-specific Committee Approach to Value Creation
97 Skills Matrix of Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers
98 Evaluation of Board of Directors Effectiveness and the Analysis Process
99 Efforts Aimed at Improving the Operation of the Board of Directors, Remuneration Plan Targeting Strengthened Governance
101 CEO Succession Plan
Our Management Team
Message from an Outside Director
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 92
Corporate Governance
 
 Corporate Governance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Chairman’s Message
Corporate Governance System and Initiatives
  Yasuyoshi Karasawa Chairman of the Board
       Medium- Term Management Plan
          The last year has seen great changes in our society. COVID-19 has altered not only people’s values and behavior patterns but has also had wide-ranging impacts in areas from economic activity and the structure of industry to international society and the natural environment. Business enterprises now need to demonstrate flexibility and speed in responding to the demands of this new society. The response of the MS&AD Insurance Group has been a drive to transform our business activities, adapting our way of doing business through the application of digital technology and offering products and services adapted to the new environment.
The first is the sustainability of our society. To take an example, the slowdown in economic activity brought about by the pandemic has actually had a positive effect on the natural environment. This has underlined the extent of the burden human activity has been placing on the planet and on society. In the post-COVID society, we will need to explore ways to make sustainable growth possible for the planet, for society and for business enterprises. With the SDGs as our leading marks, the MS&AD Insurance Group has put the concept of creating shared value at the core of the business strategy. In particular, climate change is our top priority issue. In addition to our own activities, we aim to join together with customers and business partners in a Group-wide approach to realizing a carbon-free society.
society as our image of future society can only be realized through cooperation and collaboration with a wide range of stakeholders. By reflecting diverse stakeholder perspectives in our business activities and working together to resolve social issues, we will eventually enhance our corporate value.
Corporate Governance Evolution
2010–2013
New Frontier 2013
Establishing a
Group governance system
•Institution design: Became a company with a board of auditors
• Introduced an executive officer system
•Assigned multiple Outside Directors •Established Nomination Committee and
Remuneration Committee
2014–2017
Next Challenge 2017
Strengthening Group governance
•Implemented analysis and evaluation of the Board of Directors effectiveness and published the evaluation results
•Introduced performance-based compensation
• Introduced stock option as stock-based compensation system for Directors (Inside Directors only) and Executive Officers
•Published selection criteria for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members (including criteria for independence)
•Newly established Governance Committee mainly composed of Outside Directors
•Newly installed titles such as CFO and CRO
•Enacted and released Basic Policy for Corporate Governance
2018–2021
Vision 2021
Improving the corporate governance system
•Introduced CEO Succession Plan
•Revised executive remuneration system (Company business performance linkage and medium- to long-term performance (non- financial indicators) evaluation)
•Promoted diversity among Board members •Reorganized task-specific committees
(launched Sustainability Committee and ERM Committee)
•Newly established the titles CDO and Executive Officer in charge of promotion of D&I
Looking to the society of the future, I believe that there are three important issues that we need to address.
The third issue is the promotion of diversity. The COVID-19 vaccines were developed at unprecedented speed through diverse partnerships across the boundaries of nationality and gender, involving for instance the mRNA research of a Hungarian female scientist and a venture business established by German doctors of Turkish heritage. Amid the rapid changes in society, diversity is the key driver for innovation and sustainable growth. We turn the diversity of the Group into strength and create an organizational culture and a workplace in which each and every employee from around the world can demonstrate their potential to the fullest.
The Board of Directors of the MS&AD Insurance Group is made up of a diverse range of individuals from differing backgrounds. By making full use of the experience and expertise of each individual and discussing matters from a completely different perspective, the accuracy of important management decisions will be improved and the quality of management will be improved. In that respect I think we have a very well-balanced Board of Directors. The Board of Directors recognizes that the role of the insurance company will become still more important in the age of great uncertainty that we are now entering. Based on this understanding, we will strive to pursue for the Group's sustainable growth and enhancement of corporate value by meeting the expectations of valued stakeholders through our story of value creation.
Director/Audit & Supervisory Board Member Composition (as of July 1, 2021)
Governance Evolution
 Ratio of Outside Directors
Ratio of Women
Women Women
20% 50% Directors
Men
80%
Ratio of Women in the Board
(compared with July 1, 2010)
2010
0%
Outside
40%
Outside
50%
    The second issue is partnership with stakeholders. With the social changes that have come about, the forms of value that diverse stakeholders seek in a business enterprise are also becoming more diverse and complex. A resilient and sustainable
Directors
Internal
60%
Audit & Supervisory Board
Members
Audit & Supervisory Board
Members
Ratio of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members in the Board (compared with July 1, 2010)
2010
39%
(Seven out of 18)
2021
2021
Internal
50%
(Six out of 14)
Increased ratio of Outside Executives
Men
50%
  93 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 94
43%
29%
(Four out of 14)
(Zero out of 18)
Increased ratio of Women

Corporate Governance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Corporate Governance System and Initiatives
Corporate Governance System
As a company with a board of auditors, the Company’s Board of Directors has a proper grasp of auditing functions, and in tandem with this, independently appointed Audit & Supervisory Board members appropriately attend to their supervisory duties. In strengthening this dual functionality, we actively practice information disclosure in our efforts to heighten governance.
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
(3) Remuneration Committee
Chairperson: Junichi Tobimatsu (Outside Director) Internal: Three members Outside: Four members / FY2020 meetings held four times
Attendance rate 100%
(5) Group Management Committee
 The Company has established the Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee (more than half the members, as well as the committee chairperson, are Outside Directors) within the Board of Directors and the Governance Committee (comprising all Outside Directors, together with the Chairman, Vice Chairman of the Board and Representative Director). We are fortifying our stance on corporate governance that is highly effective and transparent.
(As of June 28, 2021)
Upon the delegation of the Board of Directors, the committee offers advice to the Board of Directors concerning policy for determining remuneration for Directors and Executive Officers, remuneration amount, limits on total remuneration for Directors, and policy for determining Executive remuneration etc., for the Group's domestic insurance companies. Chairperson: Mariko Bando (Outside Director)
The Group Management Committee discusses important matters pertaining to management policy and strategy, and management of the Company and the Group.
It also deliberates on important matters of the Group’s domestic insurance companies.
Internal: Three members Outside: Four members / FY2020 meetings held four times
Attendance rate 100%
Chairperson: Noriyuki Hara
15 Executive Officers, President of Mitsui Direct General, President of Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance, and President of Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance
Two Audit & Supervisory Board Members / FY 2020 meetings held 12 times
Attendance rate 100%
(4) Governance Committee
In the Governance Committee, Outside Directors consult with the Chairman, Vice Chairman and President on matters pertaining to the status of corporate governance, as well as policies and positions, and make comments to the Board of Directors on an as-needed basis.
Task-Specific Committee Approach to Value Creation
  Appoint
Report
Decision- making/ supervision
Audits Report
Task execution
Internal audit
Shareholders’ Meeting
Appoint
 Appoint
Board members
Collaboration
Accounting audit
 (1) Board of Directors
 Audit & Supervisory Board
Audit & Supervisory
   (2) Nomination Committee
Comments
Report Qualify/supervise
Report
(4) Governance Committee
     Report
(3) Remuneration Committee
 Task-Specific Committees
•Sustainability Committee
•Quality Improvement and Compliance
Committee
•Digitalization Promotion Committee •Group System Committee
•Group International Business Committee •ERM Committee
    Internal audit
*Directly under the Board of Directors
  Internal audit monitoring
Report
(5) Group Management Committee
 Executive Officers
 Each department
 Management administration
  Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Directly invested affiliated companies*
 (1) Board of Directors
As the ultimate decision-making authority for Group management, the Board of Directors deliberates and decides upon matters of importance for Group management and supervises the execution of duties performed by directors, executive officers and others.
Chairman: Yasuyoshi Karasawa
Internal: Eight members Outside: Six members / FY2020 meetings held 12 times
Director attendance rate 98.6%, Audit & Supervisory Board Member attendance rate 97.9%
(2) Nomination Committee
95 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 96
Upon the delegation of the Board of Directors, the committee offers advice to the Board of Directors concerning the nomination policy for candidates for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members, the nomination, promotions, dismissals, and disciplinary actions pertaining to Executive Officers, as well as the nomination, dismissals, etc., of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members of the Group's domestic insurance companies.
Chairperson: Akira Arima (Outside Director)
Internal: Three members Outside: Four members / FY2020 meetings held four times
Attendance rate 100%
Task-specific committees have been established with the objective of holding discussions about important matters of Company management associated with the execution of tasks, and they work to bring the opinions of relevant
Task-Specific Committee Overview
departments into mutual alignment. The results of the committees’ discussions are on an as-needed basis summarized by the officer in charge and reported to the Group Management Committee, the Board of Directors and others.
Committee
 Administrator
Participation of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Number of Times Held (FY2020)
  Main Agenda Items (FY2020)
 Chairman
 Vice Chairman
President
Vice President
Holdings' Executive Officers
Outside Directors
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
  Sustainability Committee
Vice President Higuchi
   3 times
•Release of policies for approaching sustainability issues
•Development of products and services driven by CSV initiatives and their revision progress
•Issues in promoting women empowerment in D&I initiatives, and future actions
    Quality Improvement and Compliance Committee
CRO Ohkawabata
            5 times
•Speak-up system operation status and improvements for the future
 •Cybersecurity readiness assessment and enhancement
•"Customer-focused" business operation status
•Assessment of compliance system
 Digitalization Promotion Committee
CDO, CIO, and CISO Ippongi
   4 times
 •Adjusting to environmental changes brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic
•Trends in data business and actions oriented toward future deployment
 Group System Committee
CDO, CIO, and CISO Ippongi
18 times
•Large- scale system development project status
•Next-generation IT development and system expense reduction actions
•System failure occurrence status and quality assurance status
Group International Business Committee
 Vice President Higuchi
  3 times
 • Foreign business positioning and me- dium- to long- term strategy direction
 • Monitoring on Group governance related monitoring
• Overseas business investments
  Group Management and Monitoring Committee*1
Vice President Higuchi
   Preliminary meetings: 12 times Follow-up meetings: 6 times
•Receives reports regarding agenda items for the Board of Directors and Management Committees of Group domestic insurance companies and assesses financial soundness, risk management, business appropriateness, etc.
 ERM Committee*2
Vice President Higuchi CRO Ohkawabata
   9 times
•Handled issues regarding natural disaster risk management
 •Stress test results and follow-up scenario selection
•Group company asset management and asset management risk status
   * Affiliated companies consist of the following nine companies: MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, MS&AD Business Support, MS&AD Staff Service, MS&AD Systems, MS&AD Business Service, MS&AD Loan Service, MS&AD Grand Assistance, MS&AD ABILITYWORKS, and MS&AD Ventures
*1 Discontinued in FY2020
*2 Became Risk Management Committee in FY2020
Accounting Auditor

Corporate Governance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Corporate Governance System and Initiatives
Skills Matrix of Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers
Evaluation of Board of Directors Effectiveness and the Analysis Process
Analysis and evaluation process
  In order to promote debate from diverse viewpoints in our efforts to reach the goal of achieving growth strategy for the MS&AD Group, the Group deliberated regarding skills necessary to assure the effectiveness of the Board of Directors (knowledge, experience, and capability), and from the standpoint of supervising the decisions made and execution of duties on matters required for management strategy, we set forth the following.
(1) Base skills that are generally required
“Corporate management,” “human resources and human asset development,” “legal affairs and compliance,” “risk management,” and “finance and accounting”
(2) Skills complementing the fact that the core business of the MS&AD Group is insurance, and that we engage in business globally
“Insurance business” and “internationality”
(3) Skills that take into account our current business environment and that are necessary to address business reform and issues considered important by the market “IT and digital” and “sustainability”
Furthermore, regarding Audit & Supervisory Board Members, we also consider “finance and accounting” to be important skills.
 Implementing and tabulating self-evaluation questionnaires from each Director
 • A questionnaire consisting of 11 items (questions on the roles, responsibilities, and operation of the Board of Directors) was distributed in advance and the secretariat conducted interviews.
• Answers were given, focusing mainly on whether action to improve the Board of Directors effectiveness was being taken, following the improvement measures decided at the FY2019 Board evaluation, which will follow in FY2020 to improve functionality.
 Opinion exchange in Outside Board of Directors’ meeting
 • In an Outside Board of Directors’ meeting (composed of all Outside Directors), opinion exchange for analysis and evaluation was conducted based on the questionnaire results.
  Corporate Officer
Management
Director Karasawa
Director Kanasugi
Director Hara
Director Higuchi
Director Fukuda
Director Endo
Human Legal Internationality IT and Sustainability Resources and Affairs and
Finance and Accounting
Corporate
Digital
Human Asset Compliance Development
Risk Management
Insurance Business
Skill
  Summary of analysis and evaluation, incorporating suggestions for improving Board functionality from the Governance Committee
 • Analysis and evaluation were conducted in the Governance Committee (composed of all Outside Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman of the Board, and the President & CEO), and issues to be further enhanced in FY2021 were outlined as function improvement measures.
        Outside Director
Bando
Outside Director Arima
  Outside Director
Tobimatsu
 Outside Director Kopp
Auditor Jinno
Auditor Suto
Analysis and assessment of the Board of Directors’ effectiveness
• Concerning management strategy, opportunities and time for discussion are sufficiently secured, and constructive discussions are being held to improve corporate value over the medium to long term.
• Employee awareness survey results are periodically reported to the Board of Directors, and the status of the permeation of the Group's Mission, Vision, and Values is being appropriately supervised.
• In contests that award superior initiatives undertaken by employees aimed at resolving sustainability issues, the range of employee applications is broadening and the number of applicants is also increasing, showing that we are effectively increasing sustainability awareness among employees.
• The Board of Directors’ meetings are operated in such a way as to ensure that discussions at the meetings are conducted efficiently and effectively by distributing materials prior to the meetings, going paperless, and providing explanations in advance.
• Opportunities for training among Outside Directors are fully provided, and understanding among them is deepening.
• In preparation for drafting the next medium-term management plan, strategic discussions will be held using opportunities other than Board of Directors’ meetings.
• We will communicate the specific details and results of initiatives to address sustainability issues in an easy-to-understand manner, both internally and externally, with a focus on the top priority issue of climate change risk.
• We will continue to work on improving the sophistication of agenda management, with efforts such as simplifying and compacting materials to clarify the issues on the agenda.
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 98
  Evaluation results
 Points requiring further reinforcement
     Outside Auditor
Chiyoda
 Outside Auditor
Uemura
 Additionally, we have installed an executive officer system. The skills for Executive Officers who are not Directors are as follows. Executive Officer
Ohkawabata
  Executive Officer
Funabiki
 Executive Officer
Motojima
Executive Officer Goto
   Executive Officer
Ippongi
Executive Officer Niiro
  Executive Officer
Hitotsuyanagi
 Executive Officer
Kawate
  Executive Officer
Shimazu
97 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Based on the results, function improvement measures are implemented.
 
Corporate Governance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Corporate Governance System and Initiatives
Efforts Aimed at Improving the Operation of the Board of Directors
Composition of remuneration
• Fixed remuneration is set separately for each role, and performance-linked remuneration is determined considering company business performance.
Other roles:
• Thanks to the introduction of the package deliberation system simplifying the explanation for some of the items up for discussion, the number of agenda items, excluding package agenda items, continues to follow a declining trend.
No. of resolutions
Directors (excluding Outside Directors)
Outside Directors
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
No. of agenda items
a. No. of agenda items with concerns expressed
b. No. of agenda items with preliminary questions and discussions taking place at Group companies c. No. of agenda items that fall into either categories a or b
Ratios of fixed remuneration and performance-linked remuneration are set to be different for different roles.
Fixed remuneration
Performance-linked remuneration
Monetary remuneration
Performance-linked remuneration
Stock-based remuneration
(Standard ratio)
   Number of agenda items
–20% • Stock-based remuneration is paid through restricted stocks
200 (Items)
150
0
60 80
100
Fixed remuneration
Performance-linked remuneration
Monetary Stock-based remuneration remuneration
- -
- -
Approx. 60% –70% 20 40
Approx. 20% Approx.10%
 153
59 69 55 44 39
151
134
Stock-based remuneration details
  • Furthermore, the revision of item selection standards for the Board of Directors enables us to ensure sufficient time for important matters.
100 94 82 79
111 67
112
73
and, as a general rule, the restriction is released upon
 Assessing the presence of preliminary questions
President and CEO:
during an Officer’s tenure, either the restricted stocks will be made available for free acquisition during the period of restriction or they will be returned after the period of restriction has been concluded.
50
0 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY)
•
The standard structure ratio for executive remuneration is as follows, based on role.
retirement of the Officer.
• In the case that inappropriate behavior becomes evident
 • We are implementing initiatives to present at the Board of Directors’ meetings the opinions and questions raised in advance by Outside Directors and the discussion content from the Group Management Committee and management meetings at operating companies.
The ratio of performance-linked remuneration is set to be
(Malus and clawback clauses)
• In FY2020, to prevent the spread of COVID-19, all Board of Directors’ meetings were held in an online meeting format. Efforts were made to operate the meetings more effectively by collecting questions in advance whenever possible, which was reflected in the increase of agenda items regarding preliminary questions.
60 (%) 50
40
30
20
50%
Performance index, etc. related to performance-linked remuneration
higher than other roles.
(Standard ratio)
Performance-linked remuneration
Stock-based remuneration
Fixed remuneration
Performance-linked remuneration
Monetary remuneration
 47 54 54 54 40 394644
25%
25%
 Average amount of time per agenda item
• The average amount of time spent per each agenda item is in an increase trend. However, we believe this is due to the high quality of debates, achieved by narrowing down
the agenda.
The indicators and reasons for selection are as follows.
31 35
22 30 37 32
38
2020
• Performance-linked remuneration is linked to business performance, and is determined based on both financial and non-financial indicators. • Financial and non-financial indicators are selected corresponding to the Group's medium-term management plan, “Vision 2021.”
 2016
2017 2018 2019
(FY)
Evaluation items
•Group Adjusted Profit •Consolidated net income •Group Adjusted ROE
Selection reasons
These indicators were selected considering that the Group`s medium- term management plan, “Vision 2021,” sets numerical targets for Group Adjusted Profit and Group Adjusted ROE, and that consolidated net income is an important performance index for the Group.
In “Vision 2021,” we identified the key sustainability issues and selected non-financial indicators as evaluation items for CSV (creating shared value), in addition to “quality that earns the trust of society” and “management platforms that enable employees to play active roles.”
  • In FY2020, it decreased slightly compared to the previous
year, but we believe that this reflects our efforts to operate more
efficiently, such as by increasing the number of questions 6.83 asked in advance through the online meeting format.
Amount of time spent per agenda item
Percentage rate of increase with
fiscal 2015 as a base of 100 (right axis)
Financial indicators (single fiscal year performance)
(left axis)
8.11 7.79 143.5 153.9
8 (Minutes)
6 5.67
7.56
180 160 140 120 100
                0 2016 2017 2018
Remuneration Plan Targeting Strengthened Governance
Basic Policy
2019 2020
(FY)
Sustainability
Key strategy
4 129.6 2 107.6
147.8
Non- financial indicators (medium to long term)
• •
•
• •
Financial Indicators (Fiscal 2020)
• Contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation • Strive to improve the sustainability of natural capital
• Work toward the realization of “leaving no one behind”
• Quality that earns the trust of society
• Management platforms that enable employees to play
  active roles
• Pursue the Group’s comprehensive strengths       Since the three items on the left are designated as key strategies
  •Promote digitalization •Reform the portfolio
in Vision 2021, they were selected as evaluation items for non- financial indicators.
  • Our aim is to enhance Group governance and medium- to long-term corporate value
• The remuneration plan for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members is now linked to the business performance of the
In the calculation of performance-linked remuneration, the standard ratio of financial indicators to non-financial indicators is 50:50. Regarding the application coefficient, financial indicators vary in a range of 0–3.0 and non-financial indicators vary in a range of 0.5–1.5 for a standard of 1.0.
For performance-linked remuneration, monetary remuneration and stock-based remuneration are each calculated as specified below, based on the base amount for each role.
Company to serve as an appropriate incentive for sustainable growth.
• The remuneration standard set allows us to be competitive as a global company.
The Process for Determining Remuneration
• Upon deliberation by the Remuneration Committee, which comprises a majority of Outside Directors so as to achieve transparency, a resolution is made at the Board of Directors and an amount that does not exceed that determined by the Shareholders’ Meeting is decided upon.
Monetary remuneration: Base amount for each role x company business performance coefficient (financial indicators x 80% + non-financial indicators x 20%)
Remuneration for Directors
Monetary remuneration is set to more accurately reflect the performance of a single fiscal year by placing a higher percentage of financial indicators than non-financial indicators.
By increasing the ratio of non-financial indicators to financial indicators, stock-based compensation is set to more accurately reflect the evaluation of initiatives that contribute to the enhancement of corporate value over the medium to long term.
• The Remuneration Committee advises the Board of Directors regarding policies and other matters pertaining to determining the amount of Directors’ remuneration and Executives’ remuneration.
Non-Financial Indicators (Fiscal 2020)
• The Board of Directors will to the maximum extent possible adhere to the advice provided by the Remuneration Committee. Furthermore, the amount of remuneration will be determined after assessing whether it is in line with the remuneration system decided through a Board of Directors resolution.
Results
¥214.6 billion
¥144.3 billion
6.7%
Plan
¥204.4 billion
¥136.1 billion
6.8%
Difference
104.9%
106.0%
–0.1 points
Evaluation items
Sustainability Key strategies
Evaluation results
Stock-based remuneration: Base amount for each role x company business performance coefficient (financial indicators x 20% + non-financial indicators x 80%)
     Remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Group Adjusted Profit
Consolidated net income
Group Adjusted ROE
As a result of the evaluation based on the following perspectives and other factors, the evaluation was on par with the standard. •Development and supply of products and services tailored to new
• Without exceeding the amount determined by resolution at Shareholders’ Meetings, remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board Members is determined with consideration to the differences of being either full time or part time, their burden with regard to auditing tasks, and reference to details and levels of compensation made to Directors, as well as consultations provided by Audit & Supervisory Board Members.
risks and business
• Development and supply of products and services that contribute
to accident prevention and safe driving
•Customer satisfaction etc.
     99 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 100
•Key sustainability issues
•Deal with new risks
•Create a safer mobility society
•Strive for resilient community development •Support “good health and longevity”
 As a result of the evaluation based on the following perspectives and other factors, the evaluation was on par with the standard.
• Promotion of synergistic actions utilizing the know-how companies
within the Group (products, claim services, etc.)
•Progress in digitalization efforts
•Portfolio reform etc.
  
Corporate Governance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Corporate Governance System and Initiatives
Total amount of remuneration (FY2020)
Total remuneration by category, total amount by type of remuneration and number of applicable corporate officers
Our Management Team
(As of June 28, 2021, except for the number of Company shares owned, which is as of the end of March 2021)
 (¥ million)
Directors
Yasuyoshi Karasawa Chairman & Director, Chairman Executive Officer
Noriyuki Hara
Representative Director President & CEO
Masahito Fukuda Director Executive Officer
Mariko Bando
Outside Director Chairperson of Remuneration Committee
Number of Company shares owned
Number of Company shares owned
      No. of
Total amount of remuneration by category
35,940
43,504
 Corporate officer category
Directors (Excluding Outside Directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members (Excluding Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
Outside Directors/Audit & Supervisory Board Members
corporate Total officers remuneration
10 237 2 56 8 94
Performance-linked remuneration
Important concurrent positions
Important concurrent positions
Fixed Monetary remuneration remuneration
148 50 56 – 94 –
Stock-based remuneration
Advisor, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd. (MSI)
Director and President, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. (ADI)
 38 – –
Biography
Biography
  April 1975 Entered Sumitomo Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in corporate planning, sales, corporate communications, financial planning, etc.
Number of Company shares owned
April 1979 Entered Dai-Tokyo Fire and Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in human resources, sales, corporate planning, merger preparation, etc.
Number of Company shares owned
Important concurrent positions
-
April 1984 Sumitomo Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in sales, product operations, human resources, corporate planning, etc.
Number of Company shares owned
      Total amount of consolidated remuneration, etc., of those whose total amount of consolidated remuneration, etc., is ¥100 million or more
(¥ million)
Name
Yasuyoshi Karasawa
Yasuzo Kanasugi
Noriyuki Hara
Corporate officer category
Director Director Director Director Director Director
Company category
Submitting company
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd. Submitting company
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. Submitting company
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
Total
Performance-linked remuneration
Monetary Stock-based remuneration remuneration
13 13 18 19 88 22 22 10 10 21 22
remuneration Fixed remuneration
132 27 39
33,740
15,663
Total amount of remuneration by category
Present position since June 2020
Yasuzo Kanasugi Representative Director Vice Chairman & Director, Vice Chairman Executive Officer
Tetsuji Higuchi
Representative Director Executive Vice President
Newly Appointed
Takaoki Endo
Director Executive Officer
Akira Arima
Outside Director Chairperson of Nomination Committee
Entered Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Public Corporation
Director and General Manager of Planning Dept., Nippon Telegraph and Telephone East Corporation
Director and General Manager of Corporate Planning Dept., Nippon Telegraph and Telephone East Corporation
Director, Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation
Executive Vice President and Head of the Internet Business Division, NTT Communications Corporation
President, Chief Executive Officer, Representative Director, NTT Communications Corporation
Director and Advisor, NTT Communications Corporation Advisor, NTT Communications Corporation (present) Director, the Company (present)
Present position since June 2020
       Important concurrent positions
Director, Chairman of the Board, MSI
 Biography
Biography
    126 132
21 42 24 42
April 1978 Entered Taisho Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in market development, sales, product operations, corporate planning, etc.
Number of Company shares owned
    Present position since June 2020
Present position since April 2021
   CEO Succession Plan
     • A succession plan was formulated upon having defined one of the key management issues as the selection and dismissal of the CEO, as well as the fostering of successors, with the aim of achieving sustainable growth and enhancing the corporate value of the Group.
18,463
8,007
Criteria for CEO selection
Development plan for CEO candidates
April 1981 Taisho Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in sales, human resources planning, compliance, corporate quality control, etc.
April 1983 Entered Chiyoda Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Has business experience in corporate planning, sales, etc.
• The CEO plays an important role and is able to mentor numerous candidates. The candidates (from within the Group) should have the following experience:
Present position since June 2021
 • Ability to embody the Group’s Mission, Vision and Values and having the concept of CSV (Creating Shared Value) in his/her own system of values
• Ability to plan and build future visions
• Fairness and impartiality
• Ability to develop human assets
• Ability to demonstrate leadership
• Global response capability
• Acting in the Group’s best interest
•Experience across departments (administration, operations, international, sales, claims services, systems and others)
Present position since June 2020
•Management at a domestic company and/or an overseas subsidiary
Important concurrent positions
Important concurrent positions
Director, and Executive Vice President, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
Director, Senior Executive Officer, ADI
Biography
Biography
Attendance record
Attendance record
    CEO selection process
CEO dismissal process
She previously served in such positions as Director General of the Gender Equality Bureau of the Cabinet Office and President of Showa Women's University. We nominated her for her broad knowledge and experience in public administration, education, and diversity, and to provide advice and supervise the execution of duties by Directors in the area of the promotion of diversity.
Important concurrent positions
Chancellor and Chairperson of the board, Showa Women’s University
Outside Director, Mitsubishi Research Institute, Inc.
He previously served in such positions as Director of Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation and President, Chief Executive Officer, Representative Director, of NTT Communications Corporation. We nominated him for his broad knowledge and administrative experience in the information and communication business, and to provide advice and supervise the execution of duties by Directors in the areas of promoting digitalization and global management.
Important concurrent positions
-
12/12 (100%)
12/12 (100%)
Number of Company shares owned
Number of Company shares owned
4,700
900
 Recommendation by the current CEO
 Deliberation by the Nomination Committee
Resolution by the Board of Directors
•The current CEO prioritizes the candidates and recommends them to the Nomination Committee.
•Candidates can be from within the Group as well as outside the Group.
• Deliberation of the nomination with CEO’s recommendation
•Outside Directors can recommend other candidates.
•The Nomination Committee advises the Board of Directors, which makes the final decision.
• When an Outside Director deems it necessary to discuss dismissal, such as when the CEO is subject to the prohibitions stipulated in the Executive Officers Rules (violating obligations set forth in the Companies Act and other laws and regulations or company regulations, etc.) or when it is determined that it is difficult for the CEO to properly continue his/her duties due to health reasons or other reasons, the Outside Director shall deliberate on his/her own initiative with members of the Nomination Committee excluding the CEO.
Entered the Prime Minister’s Office
Counsellor of Cabinet Secretariat, Councillor of Cabinet Secretariat
Director of Consumer Statistics Division, Statistics Bureau, Management and Coordination Agency
Director of Gender Equality Bureau, Cabinet Secretariat
Vice-Governor of Saitama Prefecture
Consul General of Japan in Brisbane, Australia
Director General of Gender Equality Bureau, Cabinet Office
Director, Incorporated Educational Institution, Showa Women’s University President, Showa Women’s University
Chancellor, Incorporated Educational Institution, Showa Women’s University (present)
Chairperson of the board, Showa Women’s University (present)
Director, the Company (present)
Reasons for appointment and expected role
Reasons for appointment and expected role
Jul. 1969
Oct. 1985
Jul. 1989
Jul. 1994
Apr. 1995
Jun. 1998
Jan. 2001
Oct. 2003
Apr. 2007
Apr. 2014
Jul. 2016
Jun. 2017
 Apr. 1973
Jun. 2002
Apr. 2003
Jun. 2005
Jun. 2007
Jun. 2010
Jun. 2015
Jun. 2017
Jun. 2018
 Based on the results of the deliberation, necessary procedures are carried out in accordance with the Companies Act and internal regulations.
  • Directors who are not Outside Directors may request a meeting of the Board of Directors to be convened in accordance with the Rules of the Board of Directors and submit proposals for dismissal of Directors at the Shareholders Meeting.
 101 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 102

Corporate Governance
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix Data Section
 Our Management Team
Junichi Tobimatsu Outside Director Chairperson of Governance Committee
Registered as Attorney-at-Law, Mori Sogo (currently, Mori Hamada & Matsumoto)
Registered as Attorney-at-law in New York.
Associate Professor, Graduate School of Law and Political Science, the University of Tokyo
Attorney-at-law, Tobimatsu Law (currently, GAIEN PARTNERS) (present) Director, the Company (present)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Attendance record
Attendance record
Attendance record
Attendance record
        12/12 (100%)
10/10 Board of Directors’ meetings (100%)
Board of Directors’ meetings 11/12 (91.7%) Audit & Supervisory Board meetings 10/11 (90.9%)
Board of Directors’ meetings 12/12 (100%) Audit & Supervisory Board meetings 11/11 (100%)
Number of Company shares owned
Number of Company shares owned
0
He has a wealth of knowledge and experience concerning overall corporate legal affairs including those of overseas companies as an attorney-at-law. We nominated him to provide advice and supervise the execution of duties by Directors in relation to ensuring the soundness of the Group’s management.
Number of Company shares owned
0
Ms. Rochelle Kopp has a wealth of knowledge and experience as a management consultant in the field of cross-cultural communication. We propose to appoint her Outside Director to provide advice and supervise the execution of duties by Directors in relation to the global expansion of the Group.
Number of Company shares owned
Reasons for appointment and expected role
Reasons for appointment and expected role
4,200
500
Important concurrent positions
Rochelle Kopp
Outside Director
Business analyst, ZS Associates International, Inc. Senior business analyst, ZS Associates International, Inc.
International Public Relations Specialist, The Yasuda Trust & Banking Co., Ltd. (currently, Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.)
Consultant, IPC Group, Inc.
Managing Principal, Japan Intercultural Consulting (present)
Professor of Global Leadership Course, Business BreakThrough University
Professor of Faculty of Foreign Studies, The University of Kitakyushu Director, the Company (present)
Number of Company shares owned
Kunio Chiyoda
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
As an accounting and auditing professional, he has served as a university professor and public- institution committee member, etc., and we expect him to draw mainly on his background as an accountant to express his views and provide advice on accounting and auditing on the Board of Directors and elsewhere.
Director, Terasaki Electric Co., Ltd. (Outside Director, Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
Director, Seiwa Electric MFG Co., Ltd. (Outside Director, Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
Kyoko Uemura
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
As a legal expert, she previously served as a judge and practices law as an attorney-at-law, etc., and we expect her to utilize that wealth of knowledge and experience to express her views on the Board of Directors and elsewhere.
Attorney-at-Law, Miyama, Koganemaru & Associates
Outside Director of SoftBank Corp. Director, Mabuchi Motor Co., Ltd. (Outside Director, Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
Partner, Gaien Partners
Outside Director of amana inc.
Outside Director of AI, Inc. (Audit Committee) Outside Auditor of CANDEAL Co., Ltd
Important concurrent positions
Important concurrent positions
Important concurrent positions
Managing Principal, Japan Intercultural Consulting
Reasons for appointment
Reasons for appointment
Jun. 1986
Jun. 1987
Aug. 1988
Oct. 1992
Jul. 1994
Jan. 2015
Apr. 2019
Jun. 2020
  Apr. 1998
Jun. 2004
Apr. 2010
Jul. 2016
Jun. 2018
May. 1971
Apr. 1976
Apr. 1984
Apr. 1999
Apr. 2009
Apr. 2012
Apr. 2013
Jun. 2016
 Apr. 1994
Apr. 2004
Apr. 2005
Apr. 2008
Jun. 2017
Oct. 2018
  Number of Company shares owned
Important concurrent positions
-
Hidema Jinno
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Full time)
Registered as Certified Public Accountant
Assistant Professor, College of Business Administration, Ritsumeikan University
Professor, College of Business Administration, Ritsumeikan University
Dean of College of Business Administration, Member of the Board, Ritsumeikan University
Professor, Graduate School of Accountancy, Kumamoto Gakuen University
Professor of Graduate School of Accountancy, Waseda University Chairperson, Certified Public Accountants and Auditing Oversight Board Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (present)
Executive Officers
Chairman of the Board
Yasuyoshi Karasawa
Vice Chairman of the Board
Yasuzo Kanasugi
President & CEO
Noriyuki Hara
Executive Vice President, CFO
Tetsuji Higuchi
Senior Executive Officer, CRO
Fumiaki Ohkawabata
Assistant Judge, Osaka District Court
Judge, Numazu Branch, Shizuoka Family Court
Judge, Yokohama District Court
Admitted as Attorney-at-Law, LM Law Offices
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (present) Attorney-at-Law, Miyama, Koganemaru & Associates (present)
Executive Officers
Shinichiro Funabiki Assist Management
Naomi Motojima Diversity & Inclusion
Masahito Fukuda Sales
Hitoshi Goto Asset Management, Financial Services Business Takaoki Endo Assist Management
Masashi Ippongi Administration and Information Systems, CDO, CIO, and CISO
Keisuke Niiro Underwriting & Reinsurance Wakana Hitotsuyanagi Claims Services Tamaki Kawate International Business Tomoyuki Shimazu Assist Management
     13,332
179
  Newly Appointed
Atsuko Suto
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Full time)
In addition to possessing certification for actuaries, she has a wealth of business experience in areas involved in risk management and accounting, and we would like her to reflect this background in auditing of the Company.
Important concurrent positions
-
Reasons for appointment
  April 1985 Apr. 2015
Apr. 2019 Jun. 2019
Entered Sumitomo Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer, General Manager of Corporate Risk Management Dept., the Company
Executive Officer, the Company
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (present)
April 1990 April 2020 April 2021 Jun. 2021
Entered Dai-Tokyo Fire and Marine Insurance Co., Ltd. Administrative Director, General Manager of Accounting Dept., ADI Advisor, ADI
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Company (present)
           Corporate Planning Dept., Information Technology Planning Dept., Business Development Dept., Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Dept., International Supervisory Dept., International Life Insurance Business Dept., Data Management Dept., Internal Audit Dept.,* Capital Policy, Sustainability
 Human Resources and General Administration Dept., Accounting Dept., Compliance Dept., Corporate Risk Management Dept., Internal Audit Dept.,
* Executive Vice President Tetsuji Higuchi heads internal audits for the departments under Senior Executive Officer Fumiaki Ohkawabata.
For more information related to corporate governance, see the Group’s official website.
 103 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 104
• Corporate Governance (https: //www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/group/value/corporate.html)
• Basic Policies on Corporate Governance • Corporate Governance Stance • Supervision System (Board of Directors)
• Support Systems for Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
• Auditing • Nomination and Remuneration • Remuneration Committee
• Criteria for the Selection of Board Members and for the Independence of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory
Board Members
• Appointment of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Related Matters

Corporate Governance
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Message from an Outside Director
   Junichi Tobimatsu
Outside Director (Independent Director)
How would you evaluate the Company’s Board of Directors?
Since MS&AD is a holding company with two non-life insurance companies at its core, before my appointment I expected that the Board of Directors would probably operate with the emphasis on striking a good balance between the two companies. However, I was pleasantly surprised to find that, in actual fact, discussions focused on strategy for the Group as a whole with no particular distinction being drawn between the individual companies. When I listen to the discussion at Board of Directors meetings, I never get a sense of the internal director’s particular background in terms of which of the two non-life insurance companies they came from, so my impression is that integration within the Group is well advanced. Partly thanks to the Chairman’s presiding style, discussions at the Board meetings progress in an informal atmosphere that allows everyone to speak their mind openly. Among the Outside Directors, I think Ms. Kopp’s presence on the Board has brought us contributions from a more global perspective, while Mr. Arima is able to give accurate advice on promoting digitalization, and Ms. Bando provides insights into how to promote initiatives of CSV and D&I. In this way, the Board meetings have had discussions from a variety of perspectives by the richly diverse membership. The revision of the Corporate Governance Code means that a skills matrix of the directors is now required, and I think that the composition of the Board of Directors of MS&AD Holdings represents a good balance. Thanks to the careful advance briefings we receive from the secretariat, everyone can join in the lively exchange of opinions based on an understanding of the agenda items. There are really no taboos when it comes to important management issues such as
improving the profitability of MS Amlin or the delay in core systems development, which we have been discussing. I also sense that at the Board meetings, there are multifaceted discussions on the mid-term management plan “Vision 2021” such as the specific targets and the framework for the Directors’ remuneration plan after sharing the Group's aspirations.
Q4
What is your opinion of the MS&AD growth strategy?
Society is changing very rapidly. As a consequence, I think that the business portfolio needs to be reformed at a faster pace than was envisaged at the time when “Vision 2021” was formulated. Having a stable basis in the domestic market, I believe that we need to shift the focus of growth to the overseas market and introduce bold changes to create an earnings structure no longer reliant on automobile and fire insurance alone. To do that, we need to consider what strategy MS&AD should take while taking into account trends in global peers. By increasing its presence in the global market, MS&AD will increase its value as an investment. In addition to restoring the profitability of MS Amlin and benefitting from a growth bonus in the Asian market, where MS&AD is strong, going forward I want to see the Group looking to the U.S. market and developing initiatives to raise its international business to the next level. Looking at the insurance business going forward, we will see classic products such as automobile and fire insurance being marketed through digital platforms that offer greater convenience. At the same time, new types of business risk will present the opportunity to respond to more specific customer needs with an insurance business of high added value integrated with consultancy services. MS&AD needs to map out its Group growth strategy based on identifying the specific characteristics and needs of different regions and customers and keeping a close watch on trends in the global insurance business.
In the future, I look forward to seeing MS&AD establish a firm position as a truly global business enterprise.
Q1
105 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 106
Q2
How do you evaluate the Group’s response to the spread of COVID-19?
When MS&AD is compared with other non-life insurance groups in Japan, the focus is always on how business integration should be. We have had countless discussions on the Board of Directors about the reorganization by function. My personal opinion is that there is still at present great benefit to having two companies with different characters and different markets coexisting as a non-life insurance business. On the other hand, the low level of ROE is an issue to be dealt with, and there is also the view that if we continue to pursue further growth and efficiency while retaining the structure based on the two core non-life insurance companies, there will still be room for further cost reduction and sustained growth. Whatever about the future, I think that retaining the two-company structure is not a negative at the present time. On another point, instead of just comparing with other
We have had countless discussions at Board meetings on how the MS&AD Group should confront COVID-19 given its aim of realizing a resilient and sustainable society. In the end, the impact on business performance was successfully minimized in fiscal 2020, but I think a true evaluation of the response to COVID-19 may only just be beginning. On the Board of Directors, we ,of course, discussed the risk of negative impacts on business performance, for instance from a rise in insurance claims payments or a decline in the number of new policies. However, we also frequently took a positive approach, for instance when we discussed initiatives to anticipate social change, such as offering insurance products in response to the new risks arising from the spread of teleworking.
Japanese non-life insurance groups, it is important to make rapid progress toward an organization that will place us in the same league as major overseas insurance groups. There is a wide range of possible paths for expansion into overseas markets, and M&A is one of them. My impression as an attorney speaking from a general viewpoint is that when a Japanese business enterprise acquires an overseas company, rather than pushing for integration, it tends to show enormous respect for the autonomy of the local operation. Although this approach offers many advantages, there are a growing number of cases where giving too much free rein to the acquired company has led to unforeseen risks emerging later on. Assessing the value of the company prior to acquisition is a key process, but it is also very important to focus on integration after the acquisition so that the group unity is maintained at the same time as strategic business
It is said that risks have become more diverse over the last ten years. As we have seen with COVID-19, but also with the advances made in autonomous driving and the development of information technology, risks other than those previously envisaged can emerge suddenly. I think that insurance companies must be able to adapt to such eventualities.
This is the final year of the medium- Q3 term management plan, “Vision 2021.”
How do you evaluate its progress?
Looking at the progress of “Vision 2021,” although we have had to deal with the unforeseen impact of COVID-19, I would say overall that we are now in a position to meet many of its targets. However, I am aware that improvement of ROE remains an issue, and it is important that we make solid progress toward meeting the fiscal 2021 target of ¥300 billion for Group Adjusted Profit.
development is implemented. With that in mind, headquarters and the acquired company should raise the quantity and quality of communication and engage in mutual contacts between staff and at other levels. That way, they will foster a corporate culture that emphasizes working together as a unified group, whether the member company is in Japan or overseas. Promoting female career development is naturally important, but I think that we should also promote diversity from a global perspective. I think that achieving worldwide recognition not as a Japanese business enterprise but as a global business enterprise will make MS&AD more attractive as an investment target.
On the other hand, I think that placing the concept of creating shared value at the core of business activities has enabled us to intensify initiatives for transformation of the insurance business. Essentially, insurance is a business that creates social value by identifying a potential market demand in the risks people face and then offering solutions. In that sense, there is a strong affinity between the CSV concept and the insurance business. The CSV x DX strategy seeks to resolve social issues through the power of digital technology. I think that the timing of rolling out this strategy is great, but it is more important how to make it concrete.
Q5
What are your expectations for MS&AD going forward?

Appendix Supplementary Information
  Basic Knowledge about the Insurance Industry
We have prepared this section as reference material to help readers gain a better understanding
of the insurance industry and the Company’s business operations and business strategies.
Life Insurance Industry
Market Scale
Approximately ¥37 Trillion
The scale of the Japanese life insurance industry’s market in terms of life insurance premiums and others in total is approximately ¥37 trillion, making it the world’s second largest market, after that of the United States.
 As of July 2020, there were 53 companies engaged in the non-life
insurance business in the Japanese domestic market (including 21
overseas non-life insurance companies). In terms of net premiums
written, the MS&AD Insurance Group held a market share of approximately 33%.
Types of Insurance and Related Trends
Covering Diverse Risks
Changing with the Times
Until the 1960s, the non-life insurance market was centered on fire and marine insurance products. With the subsequent rise in the number of automobiles in use, such automobile-related products as Voluntary Automobile Insurance and Compulsory Automobile Liability Insurance have become the main products in the market. In recent years, “others” insurance, such as Liability Insurance, has been growing strongly.
Trend of Increase in Earthquake Insurance
Residential earthquake insurance was developed in 1966, in response to the major earthquake that struck Niigata in Japan
in 1964. The number of people obtaining residential earthquake insurance has been trending upward, and the penetration ratio of earthquake insurance in residential fire insurance policies has risen to 66.7% (at the end of FY2019).
Residential Earthquake Insurance Operated in Collaboration with Government
It is difficult to forecast the damage that will occur in the
event of an earthquake, so fire insurance by itself does not cover building fires and damage caused by earthquakes.
To provide coverage for earthquake damage, the government and insurance companies collaborate to operate residential earthquake insurance, and there are no variations among insurance companies with respect to coverage of compensation and insurance premiums.
Whole life insurance Endowment Children’s
0
100 (%)
Voluntary Automobile
47.7
(¥4,108.9 billion)
Source: General Insurance Association of Japan, FACT BOOK 2020
11.4 14.9
15.1
The amount of policies in force for individual insurance has been trending downward since peaking in fiscal 1996. Behind this trend is a decline in big-ticket death benefit needs and a shift to third-sector products (medical and cancer insurance) needs.
Trends in Policies in Force (Individual Insurance)
(¥979.1billion) (¥1,280.7billion) 50
(¥1,303.5billion)
Composition of Net Direct Premiums Written by Class of Insurance
with term insurance
insurance insurance
Personal Accident 0.4 Compulsory Automobile Liability
Medical and
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix
Data Section
 Scale of Japan’s Life Insurance Market (Trends in Life Insurance Premiums)
Private-sector companies1
2017 2018
Mutual aid organizations2
2019(FY)
(¥ trillion)
50 45
35 30 25 20 15 10
5 0
 We are striving to provide accurate and fair information, but we cannot guarantee the content 40
5.6 6.4
2011 2012
4.5 4.6
2014 2015
5.3
35.2
 5.5
35.5
 5.9
35.1
  37.0
 38.0
5.3
35.7
  38.6
 38.9
4.4
 35.1
3.8
 33.7
4.4
 35.2
3.9
 33.0
of this section.
Non-Life Insurance Industry Market Overview
About ¥8.6 Trillion
The Japanese non-life insurance industry’s market scale in terms of net premiums written was ¥8,609.4 billion in fiscal 2019 (based on member companies of the General Insurance Association of Japan).
Automobile-Related Insurance Accounts for 60%
Together, voluntary automobile insurance (47.7%) and compulsory automobile liability (11.4%) account for about 60% of the market.
Market share of MS&AD Insurance Group
2008
2009
2010
2013
2016
 Net Premiums Written by Class of Insurance (FY2019)
Sources: Prepared by MS&AD Holdings based on materials from the Life Insurance Association of Japan “Life Insurance Trends (2020edition)” and Japan Cooperative Insurance Association Incorporated “COOPERATIVE INSURANCE IN JAPAN FACT BOOK 2020.”
¥8,609.4 billion
Compulsory Automobile Liability
1. Private-sector companies: Each corporate member of the Life Insurance Association of Japan. Figures represent premiums and others.
2. Mutual aid organizations: Each organization member of the Japan Cooperative Insurance Association Incorporated. Figures represent premiums
Trends in Types of Insurance
Decline in Big-Ticket Death Benefit Needs
Personal Accident
Marine
and other insurance income received (total for life insurance and annuity insurance).
 7.8
3.1
 (¥675.0 billion) Fire and Allied
(¥262.2 billion) Others
(¥ trillion) 1,600
1,200 800 400
0 1980 1985
1,495
1990 1995 2000 2005
829
  We face diverse risks in our daily lives. Non-life insurance products can compensate for economic damages and human losses e.g., (the cost of treating injuries, etc.) caused by natural disasters and accidents.
Third-Sector Products Become the Major Products
The share of medical and cancer insurance policies (third-sector policies) among the total number of new policies written for individuals has risen–from 23.0% in FY2000 to 38.9% in FY2019–and become the major life insurance product. In particular, the advent of a full-blown aging society in Japan will be accompanied by a rise in needs for nursing care insurance. In recent years, each life insurance company has been launching new nursing care insurance products that supplement public nursing care insurance system, which is
not able to completely cover the expenses entailed by nursing care. Sales of individual annuity insurance began in earnest following
the October 2002 lifting of the ban on marketing such products via banks. Growth in individual annuity insurance policies in force is now robust. Most recently, the number of policies written for “Tontine-type annuity” as insurance for longevity risk is also increasing.
*See the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” (p. 115) for details.
Trends in Policies in Force for Individual Annuity Insurance by Type
Source: The Life Insurance Association of Japan, “Life Insurance Trends (2020 edition)”
Note: Figures for 2007 and previous years exclude Japan Post Insurance and the former postal life insurance.
2010 2015 2019 (FY)
Trends in Personal Life Insurance
Whole life (FY) insurance
2000 15.0 2019 14.1
Term life
insurance cancer insurance Other
 (FY) 1960
1980
2000
2019
0
Voluntary Automobile Marine
New Policies
Policies
in Force 2019
3.1 15.7 25.1
4.7 16.6 3.9 16.2
1.93 (9.1)
Fire and Allied
50.1
Others 7.1 1.8
30.6 17.8
10.9 20.2 8.4
16.0 4.4 2000 10.1 24.5 10.0
18.5 15.7
9.0 23.0 38.9 1.5
    Source: General Insurance Association of Japan, FACT BOOK 2020 Note: “Net direct premiums written” represents revenues from insurance
policies directly provided by each customer.
40.3 43.3
20.1 3.9 14.2 6.5
Trends in the Penetration Rate of Residential Earthquake Insurance
(%) 70.0 65.0 60.0 55.0 50.0 45.0 40.0 35.0 30.0
66.7
Variable Annuity Insurance
Fixed Annuity Insurance
27.6
13.0
 26.1 17.5 2.7 17.6 3.0
8.7
10.7 6.1
13.9 20.2 35.1
 10.0 10.2 16.0
0
50
100 (%)
 50
100 (%)
Source: The Life Insurance Association of Japan, “Life Insurance Trends (2020 edition)”
 (Millions of policies) 25
2.20
(86.1)
2006
3.11 (17.9)
(82.1)
2008
3.46 3.33 (18.2) (16.3)
(81.8)
2010 2012
2.64 (12.9)
2014
2.23 (10.3)
2016
1.98 (9.3)
2018
 0.31 (2.5)
(6.9)
(13.9)
      41.7
20 15 10
5 0
0.96
(93.1)
2004
12.60 13.05 13.60 14.31 15.52
17.09 (83.7)
17.85 (87.1)
19.52 (89.7)
19.43 (90.7)
19.30 (90.9)
  107 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 108
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
(Fiscal year-end)
(97.5)
2002
2019 (FY)
Source: General Insurance Association of Japan, FACT BOOK 2020 Note: The penetration rate of residential earthquake insurance represents
Source: The Life Insurance Association of Japan, “Life Insurance Trends (2020 edition)” Note: Figures in parentheses represent percent shares.
the share of fire and allied policies with earthquake coverage.

 Appendix
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 The Insurance Industry Trends and Changes in Japan
Environment of the Insurance Industry in Japan
Increasing Diversity of Insurance Companies and Sales Channels
There are increasingly diverse sales channels–such as direct sales channels, OTC sales by banks and customer-visit-based insurance shops–and some insurance companies are now specializing in sales via the Internet. Even in conventional sales channels, there is an increasing incidence of cross-selling (see the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” [p. 111] for details and other new approaches.
Expanding the Breadth of Products and Services
 Changes in the Macro Environment
As is the case with respect to other industries in Japan, the biggest change in the insurance industry’s operating environment is the advent of aging and the population decline in Japanese society.
Natural Disasters
While natural disasters are a major risk factor in the insurance business, the existence of such disasters is also a factor that increases demand for insurance.
  The Insurance Industry Following Financial Regulatory Liberalization
“Longevity Risk”
Economic risks related to longevity, such as securing living expenses and spending on medical expenses, are increasing.
New Products and Services Related to Medical and Long-Term Nursing Care
The importance of people’s self-help efforts is expected to continue increasing, and the associated role of private-sector insurance companies is becoming large.
Regulatory Liberalization of the Non-Life Insurance Industry
The 1996 revision of the Insurance Business Act brought a shift away from the “convoy system” within the industry and toward liberalization offering a scope for new initiatives. In addition, in response to changes taking place in the insurance industry’s operating environment (insurance product diversification, solicitation channel diversification and increasing agent size), the Insurance Business Act revision,
which went into full effect in May 2016, included as its main points “the establishment of basic rules for insurance soliciting” and “the introduction of an obligation to put in place a system with respect to insurance solicitors (agents).”
Birth of the Three Mega Insurance Groups
Following the regulatory liberalization of 1996, a progression of mergers and business integrations among non-life insurance companies led to the emergence of the so-called three mega insurance groups – the MS&AD Insurance Group, the Tokio Marine Group and the Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Group (currently the Sompo Group).
The Insurance Industry Going Forward
Major Events Following Regulatory Liberalization
  1996
1997 1998
2001 2007
2010 2014 2016
April
October
September July
April September
December April May May
Revision of the Insurance Business Act
Mutual entry into life and non-life insurance business Reform of the rating organization system Introduction of products and premium rates notification system, etc.
Mutual entry into life and non-life insurance business by subsidiaries
Approval of risk-subdivision-type automobile insurance
Abolition of the obligation for members to use the premium rates calculated by the rating organization
Ban on insurance sales by banks partially lifted
Implementation of Financial Instruments and Exchange Act
Insurance sales by banks fully liberalized Implementation of the Insurance Act
Passing of law revising the Insurance Business Act
Full implementation of Insurance Business Act revision (implementation of a comparison-recommendation rule and an obligation to grasp customer intentions)
Japan’s Insurance Market Viewed from a Global Perspective
  Non-Life Insurance
Japan has the World’s Fourth Largest Market Scale
According to the “sigma” newsletter of Swiss Re, the scale of the non-life insurance market in 147 countries and regions around the world was approximately ¥371 trillion in 2019. The largest market is that of the United States (approximately ¥201 trillion), and Japan’s market is the fourth largest (approximately ¥12 trillion).
Non-life Insurance Premiums Top 20 Countries (2019)
1 2 3
456
7 8 9
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20
-
Japanese Market Smaller in a Share of GDP
Japan’s insurance premiums as a share of GDP are only 2.3% compared to the global average of 3.9%.
                        Initiatives Regarding Overseas Insurance Markets
   Accelerating Overseas Expansion
In light of the maturation of Japan’s insurance market, major Japanese insurance companies have been working to expand their business base overseas.
Potential of Emerging Markets
Emerging regions such as Asia, Latin America, the Middle East and Africa have the potential for significant growth as overseas insurance markets. Among developed countries, the insurance penetration rate (total insurance premiums as a percentage of GDP) averages 9.6%. On the other hand, the insurance penetration rates of emerging markets are relatively low, at 3.3% on average, so those markets can be considered to have growth potential.
         Development of Principal Insurance Markets (2019 Total Life And Non-Life Insurance Premiums by Region)
       Americas
United States/Canada
Latin America / the Caribbean Europe/Middle East/Africa (EMEA) Developed countries in EMEA
Central and Eastern Europe/Turkey/Central Asia Middle East / Africa
Asia Pacific
Developed countries in Asia Pacific China
Emerging Asia Pacific except China
(Developed countries) (Emerging markets)
302,684.4 285,390.5 17,293.9 197,734.6 176,442.3 8,859.6 12,432.8 192,081.6 102,825.5 67,944.8 21,311.3
564,658.2 127,842.3
299,666 780,255 26,852 64,819 357,332 17,938 6,933 45,891 397,611 47,322 8,584
513,273 19,259
Source: Prepared based on data in “sigma No. 4/2020” of Swiss Re.
Note: 1. The “Total/Average” figures are totals of figures for 147 countries and regions within the scope of the survey in 2019. 2. Exchange rates are the same as those used in the “Development of Principal Insurance Markets” table above.
     Life Insurance
Life Insurance Premiums Top 10 Countries (2019)
  90,021
Ranking
Country/Region
Premium Income (¥ billion)
Per Capita Premiums (¥)
As a Share of GDP
United States 201,567.7
China 31,690.8
Japan has the World’s Second Largest Market Scale 1 According to the No. 4/2020 edition of Swiss Re Institute's “sigma,” 2 global life insurance premium income amounted to approximately ¥320 3 trillion in 2019. The figure for Japan was approximately ¥37 trillion, 4 corresponding to 11.7% of the global figure. 5
21.6% 11.7% 11.3%
9.1% 5.7% 4.3% 3.5% 3.3% 3.2% 2.7%
23.6% 100.0%
YoY change
4.1%
10.1%
-2.5%
Market Share
Ranking Country/Region
Premium Income Market (¥ billion) YoY change Share
54.2%
8.5%
 United States 69,168.8
    Japan 37,563.1
  China 36,254.0
United Kingdom 29,077.5
France 18,443.1
Italy 13,660.8
Germany 11,175.6
Taiwan 10,721.4
South Korea 10,397.9
India 8,767.8
Other countries/regions 75,705.2
Total/Average 320,935.2
614,079
22,120
3.2%
4.2%
5.1%
  -3.8%
  -1.9%
 -1.0%
   2.7%
  -4.5%
  -5.1%
  Source: Prepared based on data in “sigma No. 4/2020” of Swiss Re.
Note: Figures are real figures adjusted for inflation Insurance penetration rate = insurance premiums
as a share of GDP Figures were converted into Japanese yen at the average exchange rate for 2019 (US$1=¥110.05).
6 7 8 9
10 - Markets” table above. -
Source: Prepared based on data in “sigma No. 4/2020” of Swiss Re.
Note: 1. The “Total/Average” figures are totals of figures for 147 countries and regions within the
9.6%
 scope of the survey in 2019.
2. Exchange rates are the same as those used in the “Development of Principal Insurance
-0.1%
 1.2%
8.5%
2.0%
  109 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 110
Germany 15,660.2
Japan 12,988.0
United Kingdom 11,227.5
France 10,421.1
South Korea 8,808.1
Canada 8,786.4
Netherlands 7,617.7
Australia 5,245.8
Italy 4,809.7
Spain 4,423.2
Brazil 3,610.0
Switzerland 3,163.2
India 2,931.4
Taiwan 2,245.1
Belgium 1,985.2
Russia 1,819.5
Mexico 1,794.0
Luxembourg 1,530.2
6.5%
-3.9%
-0.8%
-1.0%
6.2%
-3.0%
-2.0%
-2.7%
-2.0%
-3.1%
0.1%
8.0%
2.7%
-1.9%
1.0%
7.0%
178.7%
4.2%
3.5%
3.0%
2.8%
2.4%
2.4%
2.1%
1.4%
1.3%
1.2%
1.0%
0.9%
0.8%
0.6%
0.5%
0.5%
0.5%
0.4%
188,406
102,347
107,629
143,725
169,917
234,186
439,100
206,344
79,786
93,983
17,058
366,687
2,091
95,193
127,438
12,436
14,086
212,397
3.7%
2.3%
2.3%
3.2%
5.0%
4.6%
7.6%
3.4%
2.2%
2.9%
1.8%
4.1%
0.9%
3.5%
2.5%
1.0%
1.3%
1.7%
 Total Insurance Premiums
Name of Market or Region (¥ billion) Market Share
Insurance Per Capita Penetration Rate Premiums (¥)
Other countries (regions) 29,240.7
0.8%
 YoY change
2.2%
2.1%
43.7%
41.2%
9.7%
11.2%
3.0%
Total/Average 371,565.4 3.4% 100.0% 48,312 3.9%
7.9%
-
-
 World 692,500.6
4.4%
2.4%
2.4%
1.6%
3.0%
4.4%
1.3%
9.0%
5.1%
2.9%
2.1%
6.6%
2.5%
28.6%
25.5%
1.3%
1.8%
27.7%
14.9%
9.8%
3.1%
100%
81.5%
18.5%
5.7%
7.7%
1.7%
2.2%
5.7%
9.6%
4.3%
3.0%
7.2%
9.6%
3.3%

 Appendix
Glossary of Insurance Terminology
A
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section Full-Time Agents
 Alternative Risk Transfer (ART) Business
and this type of EV is referred to as EEV. In addition, the
A general term referring to the use of techniques other than traditional insurance policies to transfer risks, meaning to provide risk-bearing entities with coverage or protection. ART entails the use of financial technologies and capital markets to provide risk solutions. ART products include derivatives and securitized products, and the typical products include “weather derivatives” and “earthquake derivatives.”
The insurance premium payment method differs depending on the insurance contract. An annualized premium is calculated by adjusting for these differences in payment methods and computing the yearly average paid in premiums. It indicates how much income an insurance company makes from insurance premiums in one year.
A general term for the comprehensive management of risks related to assets and liabilities. The value of most of the assets held by insurance companies and other financial institutions is affected by market prices (or market interest rates), in other words, they are at risk. A proper evaluation of risks and returns cannot focus on assets or liabilities alone–the ALM business management methodology seeks to maximize profit, while managing in a way that pays comprehensive attention to the risk and return of both assets and liabilities.
Insurance companies anticipate a certain level of profits from asset management and offer discounts on insurance premiums based on this. This discount rate is called the assumed
interest rate.
C
An initialism for “capital asset pricing model,” which is used to calculate the rate of return expected by shareholders in the capital market. The correlation of the target company’s stock with the market is determined by the β value (more precisely, the slope estimated by the linear regression equation that explains the fluctuations in the stock prices of the target companies in terms of market price fluctuations). The estimated cost of capital is calculated by adding the risk-free interest rate to the individual equity risk premium, which is the β value multiplied by the equity market risk premium (market return - risk-free interest rate).
Catastrophe Reserves
Most non-life insurance premium rates are set using the “law of large numbers,” but, in a given fiscal year, it is always possible that there will be a major typhoon or other large disaster causing damages on a scale that cannot be absorbed using premium income for that year alone. The catastrophe reserve is provided to prepare to respond to the temporary surge in claims associated with such disasters.
For more details, see p. 116.
Securities sold by non-life insurance companies to investors to enable the insurance companies to avoid major losses owing to claims paid in connection with major disasters. If there is no occurrence of a disaster on a scale surpassing previously stipulated criterion, then the CAT bonds’ interest and principal will be paid to the investors, but, in the case of such a disaster, the principal will be partially or entirely reduced.
Company’s calculations of EEV employ a market-consistent
Annualized Premiums
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
Asset Liability Management (ALM)
Assumed Interest Rate
Cross-Selling
Group Adjusted Profit, which is a numerical management target within the Vision 2021 medium-term management plan, is calculated as follows.
Group Adjusted Profit = Consolidated net income + provision for
CAPM (Capital Asset Pricing Model)
Direct Insurance
Expected Operating Expense Ratio
Group Adjusted ROE
CAT Bond (Catastrophe Bond)
premiums + net premiums written
for the period – period-end unearned premiums
See “Embedded Value” below.
Embedded Value (EV)
The current value of net assets plus the current value of future profit expected from policies in force (policies in force value). Under current statutory accounting practices, the recognition of costs is concentrated at the time of sales, while the related profits are recognized in subsequent years; so, using those accounting practices to accurately evaluate corporate performance is difficult in some ways. As EV encompasses an evaluation of the current value of future profit expected from policies inforce, it is
Group Return on Equity (Group ROE)
111 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 112
Combined Ratio
An indicator that is the sum of the net loss ratio and the net expense ratio, and subtracting this ratio from 1 gives the underwriting balance ratio. Although the indicator is not adjusted to reflect outstanding claims and underwriting reserve, it reflects profitability for the fiscal period. Used only in the insurance industry, its concept is similar to that of the ratio of operating profit on sales of ordinary companies.
The total of agent commissions, insurance broker commissions, sales expense, collection expense, reinsurance commissions and ceded premium commissions. (Note that ceded premium commissions, which are commission incomes pertaining to ceded reinsurance and retrocession premiums, are deductions.)
In order to provide relief to victims of automobile accidents, this is compulsory insurance that all motor vehicles must be enrolled in under law. Motorized bicycles are also subject to this requirement. Compulsory automobile liability insurance provides compensation in cases where other persons are killed or injured in traffic accidents, etc. Insurance claims are paid for loss compensation of the other persons.
Ordinary profit after adjustments for capital profits/(losses) and extraordinary income and losses, which represent profits and losses not stemming from the principal business of life insurance companies; so, Core Profit is an indicator of the profitability of the Company’s principal business operations during a fiscal year. The concept of Core Profit is close to those of ordinary companies’ “operating income” and banks’ “business income.”
Concurrent selling of life insurance and non-life insurance products, such as in the case of a non-life insurance agent that sells life insurance products.
D
A term used in contrast with reinsurance. When an insurance contract is reinsured, the original insurance that has been reinsured is called direct insurance.
It can also be used to refer to all the insurance contracts directly entered into with policyholders by the insurance
a useful indicator that can be used to supplement statutory accounting practices for the purpose of evaluating companies’ performance and enterprise values.
Agents specializing in the sale of insurance. In the field of non-life insurance, in addition to specialized agents (professional agents), there are automobile sales dealers, automobile repair shops, real estate agents, travel agents and other sideline agents that sell insurance alongside their main line of business.
   Commissions and Collection Expense
is consistent with the financial products traded in markets.
G
An insurance rating organization formed by the merger in July 2002 of the Property and Casualty Insurance Rating Organization of Japan (established 1948) and the Automobile Insurance Rating Organization of Japan (established 1964), which were established in accordance with the Act of Non-Life Insurance Rating Organizations. It collects data from member insurance companies and calculates the Reference Loss Cost Rates for automobile insurance, fire insurance, personal accident insurance and nursing care expense insurance, as well as Standard Rates for compulsory automobile liability insurance and earthquake insurance. It also handles loss adjustment work for compulsory automobile liability, collects insurance data, and conducts research and analysis.
Premiums written that were received from direct insurance contracts and reinsurance contracts during one fiscal year; they are the premiums written prior to the deduction of reinsurance premiums ceded via reinsurance contracts.
Compulsory Automobile Liability Insurance (CALI)
Core Profit (Fundamental Profit)
company.
E
Reinsurance
Group Adjusted ROE, which is a numerical management target within the Vision 2021 medium-term management plan, is calculated as follows.
Group Adjusted ROE = Group Adjusted Profit ÷ average of
Earned-Incurred Loss Ratio (EI Loss Ratio)
Group Core Profit
After adjusting for provisions and reversals of loss reserves and ordinary policy liability reserves, the EI loss ratio is an indicator of the loss ratio on a current-period-occurrence basis.
It is calculated as follows. Net Loss Ratio
Group Core Profit, which is a numerical management target within the Next Challenge 2017 medium-term management plan, is calculated as follows.
Group Core Profit = Consolidated net income − net capital
• EI loss ratio = claims incurred ÷ premiums earned
• Claims incurred = period-end net claims paid + (periodend
loss reserve – previous period-end
loss reserve)
• Premiums earned = previous period-end unearned
EEV
While the Company has disclosed its EV for some time,
since fiscal 2011, it has disclosed its EV calculated on the basis
of the European Embedded Value principles (EEV principles*),
approach to evaluating liability- and asset-related cash flows that
* The EEV principles were instituted by a CFO Forum (composed of the chief financial officers (CFOs) of major European insurance companies) in May 2004 with the goal of promoting a consistent EV calculation and disclosure method and thereby promoting an increase in transparency.
A process for determining and evaluating the risks associated with the execution of business operations by an enterprise in an integrated, comprehensive and strategic manner. It is an integrated risk management method used for maximizing enterprise value. For more details, see p. 59.
Equity Ratio
The proportion of equity divided by total assets. Owing to the application of accounting standards concerning financial products and the inclusion of unrealized gains on securities within the balance sheet figures, the equity ratio is also stated based on market value.
ESG
Three concepts of environmental, social and governance (ESG). In ESG investing, the investor does not focus exclusively on the profit that can be earned from an investment but goes on to consider the impact of the investment on the environment as well as on shareholders, customers, employees, local communities and other stakeholders. ESG investing essentially entails carrying out CSR when making investment decisions.
Based on past statistics, gender-wise and age-wise mortality (or the number of those alive) is predicted, and this information is used for calculating the required amount of insurance premium for future insurance payments. The mortality rate used in these calculations is called the expected mortality.
Life insurance companies anticipate all the expenses required for business operation such as concluding contracts, receiving premiums, maintaining and managing policies, and so on in advance. The sum of these expenses is divided by expected premium income to calculate the expected operating
expense ratio.
F
Foreign Currency–Denominated Life Insurance
Foreign currency–denominated life insurance calls for the use of a foreign currency (e.g., U.S. dollars, Euros, Australian dollars) to pay insurance premiums and the use of a foreign currency to pay insurance benefits and reimbursements upon policy cancellations. A portion of such life insurance products as whole life insurance, endowment insurance and fixed/variable individual annuities are sold as foreign currency–denominated products. When the foreign-currency benefits from such products are converted into yen, they will be affected by foreign exchange rate fluctuations; so, there is a possibility that the yen-denominated benefits could end up being lower than the yen-denominated value of the premiums paid. The impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations is referred to as “foreign exchange risk (foreign exchange rate fluctuation risk),” and policyholders and beneficiaries of foreign currency– denominated policies are exposed to those risks.
General Insurance Rating Organization of Japan
Expected Mortality
catastrophe loss reserve and others − other incidental factors (amortization of goodwill and other intangible fixed assets, etc.) + equity in earnings of the non-consolidated group companies
beginning and ending amounts on B/S of adjusted net assets (consolidated net assets + catastrophe loss reserve and others − goodwill and other intangible fixed assets)
gains/losses on stock portfolio (gains/losses on sales, etc.) − net evaluation gains/losses on credit derivatives − other incidental factors + equity in earnings of the non consolidated Group companies
Group ROE, which is a numerical management target within the Next Challenge 2017 medium-term management plan, is calculated as follows.
Group ROE = Group Core Profit ÷ consolidated total net assets
Gross Written Premiums
Group Adjusted Profit
excluding non-controlling interests (average of beginning and ending amounts of B/S)

 Appendix
I
A type of insurance under which a pension can be claimed after the policyholder’s death for the full term of the insurance as decided at the time of entering the contract. The number of times a pension can be claimed depends on the time of death of the policyholder. The minimum number of times a pension can be claimed is guaranteed. If the number of times the pension has been claimed before maturity is less than the guaranteed minimum, the remaining number of times can be claimed.
The portion of underwriting reserves corresponding to claims that have been incurred but had not been reported to the company
at the end of the period. The IBNR is estimated using
statistical methods.
Individual Annuity Insurance
Annuity insurance is a financial product used to save premiums and thereby fund the payment of future annuities, and individual annuity insurance is an annuity insurance product provided by private-sector life insurance companies. The annuities are received after the beneficiary reaches an age specified in the policy contract. There are several kinds of individual annuity insurance products defined based on the annuity receipt period, such as whole life annuity with a guarantee period, annuity certain, fixed-term annuity with a guarantee period, and a husband-and-wife annuity.
Insurance Business Act
A law that was enacted to promote the protection of policyholders through ensuring sound and appropriate business operations of insurance companies and fair solicitation of insurance policies. The act lays down organizational and operational rules for insurance businesses, as well as defining the criteria for the administration and supervision of insurance companies, and determining the supervision standards and authorities of government units overseeing insurance business operations.
In the case of non-life insurance, the sum of money paid by an insurance company to the insured based on the amount of damage incurred as a result of an insured event. (In the case of life insurance) the sum of money decided beforehand in the insurance contract paid by the insurance company upon the maturity of the contract to the designated beneficiary, in the event of illness or death of the insured person.
L
Law of Large Numbers
If you roll a die (1 dice), a “one” might appear by chance, but if you continue to increase the number of times the die is rolled, the ratio of times that “one” appears will approach one time out of six. As in this case, when the number of trials is increased, the law of large numbers indicates that the results will approach a fixed value. When calculating the probability of accident occurrence, the probability can be forecast by analyzing large volumes of accident data rather than just looking at the accident percentages of a few cases.
As of the end of December 2020, it was underwritten by 90 Lloyd’s syndicates, and the gross written premium in fiscal 2020 for the whole of the Lloyd’s market amounted to approximately £35.5 billion.
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Net Expense Ratio
The net expense ratio is obtained by adding the commissions and collection expense to operating expenses and general administra- tive expenses incurred in the insurance underwriting business, and dividing this by net premiums written. It is an indicator of the operational efficiency of an insurance company. The net expense ratio can also be called simply “expense ratio.”
The net loss ratio is obtained by adding net claims paid and loss adjustment expenses, and dividing this by net premiums written, and it indicates the company’s insurance underwriting business performance. It can also be called “published loss ratio” or
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section Policy Clauses
   Income Guarantee Insurance
The policy clauses define the details of the insurance contract, including the policyholder’s obligation to pay the insurance premium and duty of disclosure, as well as the payment amount and terms and conditions of payment by the insurance company. There are two kinds of policy clauses–common policy clauses, which are common to all insurance contracts of the same type, and special policy clauses (clauses containing special policy conditions), which are customized for individual contracts by adding to or changing/limiting some of the provisions in the common policy clauses.
   Incurred but Not Reported Loss (IBNR)
“loss ratio.”
The net loss ratio is what is called a “written paid basis”
The party applying to an insurance company for an insurance contract is called the policyholder. The policyholder is obliged to pay the insurance premium once the contract is concluded.
Policy Reserve
The reserve set aside by the insurance company at the period-end closing of accounts so that it can fulfill its obligation to pay insurance claims based on insurance contracts. It includes outstanding claims and underwriting reserves, and policyholder dividend reserves.
R
Reinsurance is a form of insurance, that a insurance company purchase to share the risks of its insurance policies to another insurance company.
Ordinary Outstanding Claims Reserve
Earned-Incurred Loss Ratio (EI Loss Ratio)
Insurance Claim (Benefit)
Life Insurance Professional
subtracting as indicated) items and plainly shows the
amount of insurance
claims paid. The
to listed to the right,
Direct claims paid Reinsurance claims ceded Reinsurance claims paid Retrocession claims ceded
Net claims paid
( Income statement item)
When an accident has occurred prior to the balance sheet date and the related claim has not been paid, provisions are made to the outstanding claims to fund the claim payment.
P
The outstanding amount of valid insurance policies owned by an insurance company at the end of the fiscal year. It is an indication of the grand total amount (of insurance,etc.) guaranteed
to policyholders.
Retrocession Premium
An agent specializing in life insurance or selling life insurance as its main business.
payment of insurance claims is the main expenditure involved in the non-life insurance business.
−) +) −)
Lloyd’s (Insurance Market)
The generic name for an insurance market established in London in the 17th century, having more than a 300-year history. On a day-to-day basis, huge and complex risks are brought to Lloyd’s, where that risk is assessed, premiums decided and insurance underwritten by underwriters who have a high level of specialized expertise and who belong to individual syndicates (the risk underwriting bodies at Lloyd’s). authorities, as well as the rigorous management and supervisory system of Lloyd’s itself, and it is not easy to become a Lloyd’s member (syndicate fund contributor) or establish a syndicate as many strict requirements must be satisfied.
Policies in Force
Policyholder
Risk assessment, underwriting approval / disapproval and decisions of terms and conditions
Long-Term Care Insurance (Nursing Care Insurance)
the income earned from the non-life insurance business (excluding deposit premiums from policyholders).
−) +) −)
A kind of insurance that can provide benefits for the purpose of providing long-term nursing care. In Japan, there exists both public long-term care insurance and private long-term care insurance products. Among the latter type of products, there are products that will provide a lump-sum benefit and/or annuities in cases where the beneficiary requires nursing due to being bedridden or suffering dementia for a specified period of time. There are also products that will provide a lump-sum benefit and/ or annuities based on the public long-term care insurance system’s primary nursing care requirement authorization.
Personnel expenses and non-personnel expenses (including depreciation costs) as well as various taxes related to the loss adjustment and insurance claim payment operations.
M
Medical insurance provides benefits to policyholders when they are hospitalized due to illness or injury or undergo specified types of surgical operations. Some medical insurance policies also provide death benefits on the decease of the beneficiary, but the amount of such benefits is generally small.
Sideline agents that sell insurance as a side business but are mainly automobile repair shops, used car sales dealers or automobile-related service providers or motorbike shops. Automobile dealerships that also sell insurance are excluded from this category.
N
Net Claims Paid
Reinsurance
Medical Insurance
Motor Channel Agent
Incurred but Not Reported Loss (IBNR)
Net claims paid is obtained by totaling (adding or
Outstanding Claims
Underwriter
Net Loss Ratio
   Syndicate
Policyholder
indicator, as it can be calculated based simply on written premium and paid claims during the accounting period in question.
  Managing agent
 (Management, operation for syndicate)
Net Premiums Written
Net premiums written is obtained by totaling (adding or
subtracting as indicated) items and plainly shows
to listed to the right,
Direct premiums written Reinsurance premiums ceded Reinsurance premiums written Retrocession premiums ceded
Net premiums written (Income statement item)
 Loss Adjustment Expense
An insurance premium received from another insurance company via a reinsurance contract in return for underwriting a part of the risk.
An insurance premium paid to another insurance company via a reinsurance contract in return for covering a part of the risk of the original insurance contract, for purposes such as risk diversification.
Reorganization by Function
An unprecedented business model made possible by the 2013 revision of Japan’s Insurance Business Act, Reorganization by Function calls for making the most of the strengths of each group insurance company while undertaking business reorganization. While enabling the bypassing of the negative aspects of simple corporate mergers–including temporary costs and the business impediments, time losses and various other problematic factors that often arise at the time of mergers– Reorganization by Function is designed to realize smooth business integration without slowing the speed of business growth, and it concurrently enables the leveraging of individual companies’ strengths and the realization of efficiency in the pursuit of business scale
and profitability.
In accordance with the Insurance Business Act revised in 1996, this reserve is provided to cover losses incurred from future decreases in prices of assets such as stocks and bonds for which the value is likely to fluctuate.
When a reinsurance company reinsures a certain portion of the accepted reinsurance risks to other reinsurers, a reinsurance company pays a retrocession premium to other reinsurers based on the retrocession contracts.
Non-Fleet Grade System (Automobile Insurance)
A system of insurance premium discounts and surcharges based on the accident history applied to non-fleet contracts. The term non-fleet contracts refers to contracts where the total number of contract automobiles owned and used by the policyholder (the number of contracts with other insurance companies included) is nine or less. (Cases where the number of automobiles is 10 or more are referred to as “fleet contracts.”) The grades are divided into 20 levels (Grade 1 to Grade 20), and the grade is maintained even if the insurance company changes. For more details,
see p. 116.
O
Direct Insurance
Ordinary Outstanding Claims Reserve
A type of outstanding claims reserve set aside based on an estimation of future liability of individual claims that have occurred and been reported but not yet settled.
Ordinary Underwriting Reserves
The amount of unearned premiums (premium reserve) or the initial year balance, whichever is greater, is set aside as a liability reserve and called “ordinary underwriting reserve.”
• Unearned premiums (premium reserve): Insurance premiums
corresponding to the time period remaining on an insurance
policy, collected beforehand.
• Initial year balance: Premiums received during the fiscal year
less claims paid, reserves for outstanding claims and other expenses incurred under those contracts.
Reserve for Price Fluctuation
Reinsurance Premium
Reinsurance Premium Ceded
 113 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 114
Lloyd’s broker

 Appendix
SU
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
    Solvency Margin Ratio
Underwriting Profit (Loss)
Catastrophe Reserves
• These are reserves that insurance companies set aside to prepare for major disasters (e.g., typhoons, earthquakes) for which the “law of large numbers” does not function.
• The funds are accumulated as reserves (expense posted) at a certain percentage of each fiscal year’s net premiums written.
• If a fiscal year’s loss ratio (ratio of net losses paid to net premiums written) exceeds a certain threshold, reserves are reversed and posted as income.
• This is one of the mechanisms used to mitigate the impact on an insurance company’s fiscal year profit and to guarantee it has a suitable capacity to pay insurance claims.
Non-Fleet Grade System (Automobile Insurance)
• This system applies discount percentages to grades defined from Grade 1 to Grade 20.
The solvency margin of an insurance company, including its capital and reserves, seen as a percentage of a risk amount greater than what can be ordinarily expected, which might include catastrophic disasters or a massive drop in the price of owned assets. It is an indicator of the soundness of the company’s management.
can be ordinarily expected
Investments in stocks with the intention of holding the stock over a long period to maintain and strengthen general business relationships with the issuer, while also securing a stable stream of investment income and improving asset value over the long run.
T
Telematics
A combination of “telecommunication” and “informatics,” telematics refers to information services provided by equipping automobiles and other mobile objects with communications systems. Telematics automobile insurance refers to automobile insurance with the premium rates calculated based on the collected data that relate to the driver’s driving tendency such as miles driven and drivers’ use of accelerator and brake functions.
Term Insurance
A type of insurance where the term of the insurance is fixed and the insurance benefits can be claimed only if the policyholder dies during the term. There are no maturity proceeds. This is ordinarily a fixed-amount insurance, where the insurance amount is fixed and remains unchanged throughout the term of insurance, but it could also be a decreasing term insurance, where the insurance premium is fixed and the insurance amount progressively decreases over the insurance term, and increasing term insurance, where the insurance amount increases over the duration of the insurance term.
Whole Life Insurance
Third Sector
The third “sector” of insurance, positioned somewhere between the first sector (life insurance) and second sector (non-life insurance), includes many different types of insurance, such as medical insurance, cancer insurance, nursing care insurance and accident insurance.
Three Surplus Factors (Life Insurance)
The "three surplus factors" refer to three margins: the "administrative expense margin," which is the difference between the planned administrative expense based on the planned expense ratio and the actual administrative expenses; the "risk margin (mortality margin)," which is the difference between the planned payment amounts from insurance, benefits, etc., based on the planned mortality rate and the actual payment amounts from insurance, benefits, etc.; and the "investment yield margin," which is the difference between the planned investment income based on the planned interest rate and the actual investment income. (If the investment yield margin is negative, it will be in a "negative spread" state.) The three surplus factors are a breakdown of "core profit," which is an indicator of the periodical profit and loss situation of a life insurance company.
A tontine-type annuity is a pension arrangement whereby payments to deceased members are terminated and their portion redistributed to surviving members, thus paying more to those who live longer. It originates in a pension system devised by the Italian Lorenzo Tonti.
Claims payment and loss adjustment expenses, maturity
refunds and other underwriting expenses, and operating expenses and other general administrative expenses required for insurance underwriting are subtracted from net premiums written and other underwriting profit, and this is then adjusted to reflect other income and expenditure (such as expenses associated with compulsory automobile liability insurance, etc., corresponding to corporate taxes) to calculate underwriting profit (loss).
Solvency margin ratio = solvency margin ÷ half of total risk amount greater than what
As for non-life insurance companies, the principal revenue sources are underwriting income and investment income, and underwriting profit indicates the profitability level of underwriting operations.
High
Insurance premiums
Low High
    Strategic Equity
Underwriting Reserves
Grade Grade Grade 18 19 20
Discounts High
The general term for reserve funds set aside by insurance companies based on the legal requirement, for use toward insurance claims payments and other insurance-related obligations that could arise in the future. Underwriting reserves are broadly classified into five types:
V
Variable Insurance
An insurance product where the premium is invested in stocks, bonds and other assets, and the insurance payment or payout upon cancellation varies depending on the performance of the investment. The investment risk (the risk fluctuation in pension or cancellation payout) is borne by the individual policyholder. When the policyholder dies, the beneficiary can claim the basic insurance + variable insurance. The basic insurance is a minimum amount guaranteed to the policyholder irrespective of the investment fund’s performance. Even when the variable insurance is negative, the basic insurance can be claimed.
W
Of the types of insurance providing for the receipt of death benefits on death, this is a type that is not for a fixed period but continues for a lifetime and does not have benefits on maturity.
Amount of reversal of catastrophe reserve (income)
If the net loss ratio exceeds the reversal threshold determined for each insurance line (group), the amount exceeding the threshold is reversed out of the reserve.
Surcharges
Low Low
Grade 1
Grade 2
Grade 3
Grade 4
 (1) ordinary underwriting reserves, (2) catastrophe reserves, (3) contingency reserves, (4) refund reserves and
(5) policyholder dividend reserves.
No reversal of catastrophe reserve
Net Losses Paid
Example: FY a
Reversal of catastrophe reserve
50%
In case of fire/ cargo group
• When the contract is first concluded, the customer starts at Grade 6 (or Grade 7) and then rises by a one-grade increment if there are no accidents.
• If there is an accident, the grade drops by three-grade increments and, at renewal time, the grade, in principle, drops by three-grade increments per accident.*
* Depending on the accident type and the type of claim received, there are cases where the grade drops by only a one-grade increment and cases where the matter is not counted as an accident.
   100%
Net Premiums Written
Net Losses Paid
FY b
        Tontine-Type Annuity
Accounting Line Item Terminology
Please refer to the Guide Book for the Understanding of Disclosure Materials of Non-Life Insurance Companies 1 (prepared by the General Insurance Association of Japan) and the Life Insurance Company Disclosure Notes Glossary 2 (prepared by the Life Insurance Association of Japan) for details of accounting line items and other pertinent information.
33.3
33.3
17
Discount %
13.4
Discount %
Low
Discounts
Principle
3 grades down for 1 accident
  Whole Life Insurance
About Residential Earthquake Insurance
Based on Japan’s Law Concerning Earthquake Insurance (the Earthquake Insurance Act), residential earthquake insurance is operated jointly by the government and non-life insurance companies. Reflecting the significant impact that earthquakes can have on society, residential earthquake insurance is a prerequisite for and incidental to fire insurance. Recognizing the substantial damage that is likely to occur in the event of a large-scale earthquake, residential earthquake insurance involves a government reinsurance underwriting mechanism in preparation for the payment of massive insurance amounts. For their part, non-life insurance companies forego the accumulation of profits in similar fashion to compulsory automobile liability insurance. Premiums are set aside as a reserve to cover insurance payments in the event of an earthquake in the future.
Government and Private-Sector Burdens
High
Insurance premiums
Low
13 Grade
14 Grade
15 Grade
16 Grade
Accident
17 Grade
 18 Grade
  Term Insurance
If no accidents: 1 grade up
  As of April 2019
(¥ billion) 11,700
153.7 87.1
Private sector: ¥133.8 billion
• Even at the same grade, discount percentages differ, depending on whether there have been accidents in the past. When “accidents exist,” insurance premiums are set higher than when “no accidents exist.”
Japanese
government: Not
 11,532.9
 ¥11,566.2 billion
High
Insurance premiums
Low
accident free
 1. http://www.sonpo.or.jp/archive/publish/sonpo/ pdf/0004/book_kantanguide.pdf (Japanese only)
2. http://www.seiho.or.jp/data/publication/tora/pdf/tora_yougo.pdf (Japanese only)
Grade 15
 Grade 16
Grade
 Grade 17
   Grade 15
Grade 16
  115 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 116
Accident free
High

Data Section
   Corporate Profile
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings is an insurance holding company. The Company controls the entire MS&AD Insurance Group, planning strategies and allocating management resources across the Group, as well as monitoring and overseeing Group companies. The Company has thus established a system for Group corporate governance.
The Company will be the force to maximize the total potential of the Group, forming the center of efforts to raise the level of management control, pursue Group synergies, accelerate decision making and develop human assets through various business frameworks and personnel systems.
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
April 1, 2008 (Name changed on April 1, 2010)
27-2, Shinkawa 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Noriyuki Hara, Representative Director, President & CEO
¥100,276 million (As of March 31, 2021)
423 (41,501 on a consolidated basis) (As of March 31, 2021)
Stock and Shareholders (As of March 31, 2021) 1 Summary of Issued Shares
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix
Data Section
Class of Stock
Total Number of Issued Shares
2 Shareholding Profile Breakdown by Sector
213.69
36.0%
Breakdown by Number of Shares Held
Number of Shareholders
72,003
69,314
92.95
15.7%
348
0.5%
2.28 0.4%
Percentage of All Shareholders
Common stock 593,473,207
Total Number of Authorized Shares 900,000,000
           Corporate Name
  Date Established
  Headquarters
  Representative
  Paid-in Capital
  Number of Employees
  Business Description
 Stock Listings
 Independent Auditor
              117 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 118
Item
Number of Shareholders
Item
Number of Shares (Millions)
Japanese Financial Institutions
Hokkaido
175
55
30.82
5.2%
38,586
53.6%
337.68 56.9%
1,556 903
94.56 161.44
15.9% 27.2%
12,334 1,034
17.1% 1.4%
16.95 2.17 2.9% 0.4%
72,003
593.47
100%
72,003
100%
161.42 593.47 27.2% 100%
9.42 8.87
6.51
5.01 2.66
1.57
1.53
1.34 1.33 1.32
39.55
Tohoku
Japanese Securities Companies
Kanto
Chubu
Other Japanese Companies
Kinki
Foreign Companies and Individuals
Chugoku
Shikoku
Japanese Individuals and Others
Kyushu
Overseas
Total
  Number of Shares Held (Millions)
  Percentage of Shares Issued
          Item
 Our activities as an insurance holding company are as follows:
1. Management of non-life and life insurance companies and companies qualified to become
19,701
27.4%
1.08 0.2%
Number of Shareholders
1–99
100–999
1,000–9,999
10,000–99,999
100,000 and Above
Total
  subsidiaries under the Insurance Business Act. 2. Any business associated with the above.
 Tokyo Stock Exchange (First Section) Nagoya Stock Exchange (First Section)
KPMG AZSA LLC
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. Organizational Chart (As of April 1, 2021)
Breakdown by Region
 Total
 2.89 0.5%
66.80 11.3%
2.16 0.4%
 Percentage of Shares Issued
     Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Audit & Supervisory Board
Shareholders’ Meeting
3 Major Shareholders Toyota Motor Corporation
1, Toyota-cho, Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture 2-11-3, Hamamatsu-cho, Minato-ku, Tokyo
   Board of Directors
Nomination Committee Remuneration Committee
 The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account) Nippon Life Insurance Company
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account 7)
STATE STREET BANK WEST CLIENT - TREATY5052344 (Standing agent: Settlement & Clearing
Services Dept. Mizuho Bank, Ltd.)
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 380055
(Standing agent: Settlement & Clearing Services Dept. Mizuho Bank, Ltd.)
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account 4) SMBC Nikko Securities Inc.
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
1-6-6, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
c/o Nippon Life Securities Operations Department
1-8-12, Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 1-8-12, Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
1776 HERITAGE DRIVE, NORTH QUINCY, MA 02171, U. S. A.
(2-15-1 Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo)
270 PARK AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10017, U. S. A.
(2-15-1, Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo)
1-8-12, Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 3-3-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 1-8-12, Harumi, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
 Governance Committee
 Task-Specific Committee Meetings
 Internal Audit Dept.
Shareholder Name
Address
Number of Shares Held (Thousands)
 Office of Audit & Supervisory Board
52,610
49,540
36,325
27,942
14,847
8,742
 Note: Number of shares held is rounded down; percentage of shares issued is shown as rounded to the nearest basis point. The Company owns 35,263 thousand treasury shares, but these are omitted from the table above.
8,525
             Total
7,455
7,438
7,344
Percentage of Shares Issued (%)
 Group Management Committee
 Officers in Charge
  220,772
Corporate Planning Dept.
Sustainability Section Investment Planning Section Innovations Section
Data Management Dept.
Information Technology Planning Dept.
Business Development Dept.
Human Resources and General Administration Dept.
Healthcare Administration Center Speakup Section Shareholder Relations and Legal Section Real Estate Section
Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Dept.
Corporate Risk Management Dept. Investment Risk Management Section
International Supervisory Dept. International Life Insurance Business Dept.
Accounting Dept.
Compliance Dept.

 Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 4 Changes in Total Number of Issued Shares, Paid-in Capital and Capital Reserves
Group Business Schematic (As of March 31, 2021) The primary businesses undertaken by MS&AD Holdings and its Group companies
(subsidiaries and affiliates), and the main Group companies undertaking each business, are listed below.
Business Overview
MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE COMPANY, LTD. (Mainly the Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business)
International Businesses
MSIG Holdings (U.S.A.), Inc. <U.S.A.>
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA Inc. <U.S.A.>
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America <U.S.A.>
MSIG Specialty Insurance USA Inc. <U.S.A.>
Mitsui Sumitomo Seguros S/A. <BRAZIL>
MS Amlin Corporate Member Limited <U.K.>
MS Amlin Underwriting Limited <U.K.>
MSI Corporate Capital Limited <U.K.>
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company (Europe), Limited <U.K.>
MS Amlin AG <SWITZERLAND>
MSIG Insurance Europe AG <GERMANY>
MS Amlin Insurance SE <BELGIUM>
MSIG Holdings (Asia) Pte. Ltd. <SINGAPORE>
MSIG Insurance (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. <SINGAPORE>
MS First Capital Insurance Limited <SINGAPORE>
MSIG Mingtai Insurance Co., Ltd. <TAIWAN>
MSIG Insurance (Hong Kong) Limited <HONG KONG>
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance (China) Company Limited <CHINA> MSIG Insurance (Vietnam) Company Limited <VIETNAM> Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited <INDIA> Max Financial Services Limited <INDIA>
Max Life Insurance Company Limited <INDIA>
PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk <INDONESIA>
PT. Asuransi MSIG Indonesia <INDONESIA>
Ceylinco Insurance PLC <SRI LANKA>
MSIG Insurance (Thailand) Public Company Limited <THAILAND> BPI/MS Insurance Corporation <PHILIPPINES>
MSIG Insurance (Malaysia) Bhd. <MALAYSIA>
Hong Leong Assurance Berhad <MALAYSIA>
MSIG Insurance (Lao) Co., Ltd. <LAOS>
Financial Services Business and Risk-Related Services Business
MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital Co., Ltd. <JAPAN> Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company, Limited <JAPAN> Leadenhall Capital Partners LLP <U.K.>
MS Financial Reinsurance Limited <BERMUDA>
AIOI NISSAY DOWA INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Mainly the Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business)
International Businesses
DTRIC Insurance Company, Limited <U.S.A.>
DTRIC Insurance Underwriters, Limited <U.S.A.>
Aioi Nissay Dowa Europe Limited <U.K.>
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance UK Limited <U.K.>
Aioi Nissay Dowa Life Insurance of Europe AG <GERMANY>
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE <LUXEMBOURG> Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company Australia Pty Ltd <AUSTRALIA> Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance (China) Company Limited <CHINA>
MITSUI DIRECT GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business)
MITSUI SUMITOMO AIOI LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Domestic Life Insurance Business)
MITSUI SUMITOMO PRIMARY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (Domestic Life Insurance Business)
International Businesses
Challenger Limited <AUSTRALIA>
BoCommLife Insurance Company Limited <CHINA>
Financial Services Business and Risk-Related Services Business
  Date
 Issued Shares
 Paid-in Capital
 Capital Reserves
 Increase/Decrease
 Balance
 Increase/Decrease
 Balance
 Increase/Decrease
 Balance
  June 30, 2017 (Note 1) (40,000) thousand 593,291 thousand -
July 22, 2020 (Note 2) 181 thousand 593,473 thousand ¥276 million
Note 1: The decrease in the total number of issued shares was due to the retirement of treasury shares. Note 2: The increase is due to new share issue to provide restricted stock as stock-based remuneration
¥100,000 million
¥100,276 million
-
¥276 million
¥729,255 million
¥729,532 million
      5 Basic Information Fiscal Year
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Record Date
Method of Public Notification
Stock Exchange Listings
Administrator of Shareholders’ Registry
Place of Business of Administrator of Shareholders’ Registry:
Special Account Management Institution: (Postal Address)
Telephone Inquiry
April 1 to March 31 of the following year
Within three months from the end of each fiscal year
Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders: March 31, every year Year-end dividends: March 31, every year
Interim dividends: September 30, every year
Electronic reporting can be found online at https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/ja/ir/notification.html (Japanese only) In the event of an incident or other event that prevents electronic reporting, the Company will publish its notifications in the Nikkei newspaper.
Tokyo Stock Exchange and Nagoya Stock Exchange (First Section) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited, Stock Transfer Agency Dept. (1-4-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan)
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited*
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited, Stock Transfer Agency Dept. (2-8-4, Izumi, Suginami-ku, Tokyo 168-0063, Japan)
0120-782-031
 * Following a share exchange effective April 1, 2010, the Company inherited the responsibility for a special account that was established on the same day for the shareholders of Aioi and NDI. As a result, the special account management institution for prior shareholders of these two companies will continue to be Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation (1-4-5, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo).
   119 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 120
MS&AD InterRisk Research & Consulting, Inc. Note: The above shows the primary consolidated subsidiaries and other entities in each business.
The and symbols indicate the following: : Consolidated subsidiary
: Equity-method affiliate
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.

 Data Section
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 Main Subsidiaries
1. CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
Hamilton, Bermuda
Brussels, Belgium
Senningerberg, Luxembourg
Singapore, Singapore
Singapore, Singapore
Singapore, Singapore
Melbourne, Australia
Taipei, Taiwan
Hong Kong, P.R.C.
Tianjin, P.R.C.
Shanghai, P.R.C.
Hanoi, Vietnam
Jakarta, Indonesia
Jakarta, Indonesia
Bangkok, Thailand
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Vientiane, Laos
Minato-ku,Tokyo
Minato-ku,Tokyo
Sydney, Australia
Shanghai, P.R.C.
Chennai, India
Nawanshahr, India
Chandigarh, India
Colombo, Sri Lanka
Makati, Philippines
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Name of Company
Location
Date of Incorporation
Principal Business
Paid-in Capital
Voting Rights of MS&AD Holdings (%)
Voting Rights of Subsidiaries (%)
    MS Financial Reinsurance Limited
 MS Amlin Insurance SE
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE
 MSIG Holdings (Asia) Pte. Ltd.
 MSIG Insurance (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
 MS First Capital Insurance Limited
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company Australia Pty Ltd
 MSIG Mingtai Insurance Co., Ltd.
 MSIG Insurance (Hong Kong) Limited
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance (China) Company Limited
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance (China) Company Limited
 MSIG Insurance (Vietnam) Company Limited
 PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk
 PT. Asuransi MSIG Indonesia
 MSIG Insurance (Thailand) Public Company Limited
 MSIG Insurance (Malaysia) Bhd.
 MSIG Insurance (Lao) Co., Ltd.
 43 other companies
   Name of Company
Location
Date of Incorporation
Principal Business
Paid-in Capital
Voting Rights of MS&AD Holdings (%)
Voting Rights of Subsidiaries (%)
    Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
 MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital Co., Ltd.
 MS&AD InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting, Inc.
 MSIG Holdings (U.S.A.), lnc.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA Inc.
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America
 MSIG Specialty Insurance USA Inc.
 DTRIC Insurance Company, Limited
 DTRIC Insurance Underwriters, Limited
 Mitsui Sumitomo Seguros S/A.
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Europe Limited
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance UK Limited
 MS Amlin Corporate Member Limited
 MS Amlin Underwriting Limited
 MSI Corporate Capital Limited
 Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company (Europe), Limited
 Leadenhall Capital Partners LLP
 MS Amlin AG
 MSIG Insurance Europe AG
 Aioi Nissay Dowa Life Insurance of Europe AG
    Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Shibuya-ku,Tokyo
Bunkyo-ku,Tokyo
Chuo-ku,Tokyo
Chuo-ku,Tokyo
Chuo-ku,Tokyo
Chiyoda-ku,Tokyo
New York, U.S.A.
New York, U.S.A.
New York, U.S.A.
New York, U.S.A.
Honolulu, U.S.A.
Honolulu, U.S.A.
São Paulo, Brazil
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
London, U.K.
Zurich, Switzerland
Cologne, Germany
Ismaning, Germany
Oct. 21, 1918
June 30, 1918
June 3, 1999 Aug. 8, 1996 Sept. 7, 2001 Dec. 6, 1990 Jan. 4, 1993
Oct. 21, 1988
Jan. 28, 1988
Mar. 29, 2001
Jan. 11, 1994
Dec. 12, 1978
Feb. 2, 2007
Dec. 15, 1965
Nov. 8, 2017
Dec. 11, 2017
Sept. 19, 1994
Nov. 29, 1988
Jan. 7, 2000
July 28, 1972
Apr. 30, 2008
Aug. 19, 2010
Apr. 20, 2012
Dec. 8, 2005
Domestic Non- Life Insurance
Domestic Non- Life Insurance
Domestic Non- Life Insurance
Domestic Life Insurance
Domestic Life Insurance
Financial Services
Risk-Related Services
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
Financial Services
International
International
International
¥139,595 million
¥100,005 million
¥39,106 million ¥85,500 million ¥41,060 million ¥1,000 million ¥330 million
US$920,440 thousand
US$5,000 thousand
US$5,000 thousand
US$5,000 thousand
US$4,500 thousand
US$2,500 thousand
BRL619,756 thousand
UK£350,010 thousand
UK£75,100 thousand
UK£1,700 thousand
UK£400 thousand
UK£5,200 thousand
UK£80,700 thousand
US$2,848 thousand
CHF10,000 thousand
€84,000 thousand
€5,000 thousand
100.0% - 100.0 - 89.7 - 100.0 - 100.0 -
- 100.0% 100.0 -
- 100.0 - 100.0 - 100.0 - 100.0 - 100.0 - 100.0 - 100.0 - 100.0 - 100.0 - 100.0 - 100.0 - 100.0 - 100.0 - 80.0 - 100.0 - 100.0 - 100.0
2. EQUITY-METHOD AFFILIATES
au Insurance Company, Limited
Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company, Limited
Challenger Limited
BoCommLife Insurance Company Limited
Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited
Max Financial Services Limited
Max Life Insurance Company Limited
Ceylinco Insurance PLC BPI/MS Insurance Corporation Hong Leong Assurance Berhad Four other companies
Nov. 21, 2011
Jan. 4, 2016
Nov. 12, 2004
Sept. 23, 2004
Sept. 23, 2004
Dec. 9, 1950
Aug. 1, 2008
Sept. 22, 1961
Sept. 8, 2004
Jan. 23, 2009
Sept. 6, 2007
Feb. 2, 2009
July 17, 1984
Dec. 17, 1975
Apr. 14, 1983
Apr. 28, 1979
Sept. 18, 2009
Feb. 23, 2010
July 15, 1985
Sep. 13, 1985 July 4, 2000
Nov. 2, 2001 February 24, 1988 July 11, 2000 Feb. 11, 1987
Oct. 1, 1965
Dec. 20, 1982
Financial Services
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
International
Domestic Non-Life Insurance
Financial Services
International International International International International International
International
International
¥46 million
€30,000 thousand
€41,875 thousand
S$63,195 thousand
S$333,442 thousand
S$26,500 thousand
A$87,800 thousand
NT$2,535 million
HK$1,625 million
RMB625,000 thousand
RMB500,000 thousand
VND300,000 million
IDR210,000 million
IDR100,000 million
THB142,666 thousand
MYR1,511 million
US$2,000 thousand
¥3,150 million
¥2,000 million
- 100.0% - 100.0
- 100.0
- 100.0
- 100.0
- 97.7
- 100.0
- 100.0
- 100.0
- 100.0
- 100.0
- 100.0
- 80.0
- 80.0
- 86.4
- 65.4 [1.4]
- 51.0
- 49.0% - 15.0
                                          Name of Company
 Location
Date of Incorporation
 Principal Business
 Paid-in Capital
 Voting Rights of MS&AD Holdings (%)
Voting Rights of Subsidiaries (%)
         A$2,425 15.0 - million
RMB5,100 37.5 - million
          INR2,988 million
INR690,065 thousand
INR19,188 million
LKR1,324 million
PHP350,000 thousand
MYR200,000 thousand
- 40.0
- 21.9
- 5.2 [90.8]
- 15.0 - 48.5 - 30.0
                      121 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 122
Notes: Figures in square brackets [ ] represent the percentage of voting rights belonging to closely allied entities or entities that are in agreement with MS&AD on voting issues.

 Major events in the insurance industry
Start of Japan’s Big Bang (financial system reform)
Development of original products
Deregulation of premium rate
Diversification of insurance products
End of Japan’s Financial Big Bang First industry realignment
1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2006
2009 2010 2012 2013 2016 2021
Second industry realignment, strengthening of policyholder protection/deregulation
1996 • Revision of the Insurance Business Act
• Mutual entry into non-life and life insurance business by subsidiaries
1997 • Approval of risk-subdivision-type automobile insurance
• Reform of Insurance Rating Organization system
• Introduction of products and premium rates notification system
• Implementation of Financial Instruments and Exchange Act • OTC bank sales of insurance fully liberalized
regulations relating to insurance solicitors
1998 • Abolition of obligation for members to
2001
• Ban on OTC
2006
• Review of the policyholder protection system • Introduction of a small-amount, short-term
2010
• Implementation
2012
• Review, etc. of
2013
• Introduction of an
2016
• Establishment of basic
use the premium rates calculated by the Rating
bank sales
of insurance partially lifted
of the Insurance Act
regulations relating to the transfer of insurance contracts
insurance soliciting subcontracting system
rules for insurance
Organization (Transitional Measures: 2 years)
• Introduction of an insurance holding company system
insurance system 2007
soliciting
• Development, etc. of
  Mitsui Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
In 1918, this company was established as Taisho Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd., with the support of a wide range of companies from many industries centered on Mitsui & Co., Ltd. Besides beginning direct underwriting operations in Thailand in 1934 and undertaking other moves to expand its overseas sales systems from an early stage, the company initiated fund procurement through the issuance of depositary receipts in London from 1964 and otherwise responded to the era of internationalization. It merged with Shin Nippon Fire in 1941 and with Mitsui Fire in 1944. In 1991, it changed its name to Mitsui Marine & Fire.
    Sumitomo Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
This company was established as Osaka-based Osaka Insurance in 1893 by interests related to the copper and trading industries. Another predecessor company, Tokyo-based Fuso Marine, was established in 1917. Its management was later transferred to Sumitomo, and it was renamed Sumitomo Marine. Osaka Insurance and Sumitomo Marine merged in 1944, creating Osaka Sumitomo Marine. In 1954, the company’s head office was moved to Tokyo, and the company’s name was changed to Sumitomo Marine. In response to Japanese companies’ moves to establish overseas operations, it progressively built up an overseas sales system.
Established in 1918 as Tokyo Dosan Fire, which was engaged in the basic fire insurance business, this company merged with Toshin Fire, which was engaged in the general fire insurance business, in 1944 to create Dai Tokyo Fire. From the early 1960s, Dai Tokyo Fire proactively worked to expand its automobile insurance business. It built one of the industry’s top claims handling systems in automobile insurance and organized a network of car repair and maintenance shops, thereby earning the epithet “Dai Tokyo of car repair and maintenance agencies.”
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
   Dai-Tokyo
Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Aioi Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
      Chiyoda
Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Established in 1897 as Otaru Cargo Fire, this company merged with Okura Fire of the Okura zaibatsu in 1944. In 1945, it merged with the former Chiyoda Fire, which was established as a sister company of Chiyoda Life, and it changed its name to Chiyoda Fire in 1946. After the war, Chiyoda Fire cooperated with Tokai Bank and built strong ties with the financial industry in the greater Nagoya region. After building ties with Toyota Motor Sales Co., Ltd., it developed as a company with particularly strong operations in automobile insurance
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
   Dowa
Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd.
Established in 1897 as Yokohama Fire, it merged with three companies based in the Kansai region – Kobe Marine, Kyodo Fire, and Asahi Marine – in 1944 to create Dowa Fire. After the war, it redeveloped aviation insurance and developed satellite insurance products, earning a reputation as being particularly strong in the aerospace field, and it maintained one of the industry’s top levels of financial soundness.
Nissay Dowa General Insurance Co., Ltd.
 Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
   Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group Holdings (MSIGHD)
 Nissay General Insurance Co., Ltd.
  Established in 1996
Established in 1996
Established in 1996
Established in 1996
Mitsui Mirai Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Sumitomo Marine Yu-Yu Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Dai-Tokyo Shiawase Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Chiyoda Kasai Ebisu Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
    Note: Because the 1996 Revision of the Insurance Business Act removed the prohibition of life and non-life insurance companies moves to enter each other’s insurance sector through subsidiaries, Mitsui Marine & Fire, Sumitomo Marine & Fire, Dai-Tokyo Fire & Marine and Chiyoda Fire & Marine, each established a life insurance subsidiary and began engaging in the life insurance business.
 Data Section
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 History of the MS&AD Insurance Group in Japan
History of the MS&AD Insurance Group
Established in 2008
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd., Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd., Mitsui Sumitomo MetLife Insurance Co., Ltd., and Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd., became subsidiaries of MSIGHD.
2010 Establishment of the MS&AD Insurance Group
Company name changed in 2010
 Founded in 1918
Founded in 1893
Founded in 1918
Founded in 1897
Founded in 1897
Merged in 2001
Merged in 2001
Merged in 2001
Merged in 2001
Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Merged in 2001
Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Business started in 2002
Mitsui Sumitomo CitiInsurance Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Merged in 2010
      Established in 1996
Business started in 2000
           Company name changed in 2005
Mitsui Sumitomo MetLife Insurance Co., Ltd.
Inaugurated in 2011
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Company name changed in 2011
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
  123 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 124

 Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix
Data Section
Group Network and History of International Business(As of July 1, 2021)
Net Premiums Written and Geographical Dispersion
Overseas branches and offices Overseas subsidiaries and affiliates
Branches and offices of
overseas subsidiaries and affiliates
Underwriting agents for the Head Office and others
Amstelveen Saint Petersburg
Expansion of Non-Life Insurance Business
Business expansion through M&A
2004 Acquired the Asian non-life insurance business of U.K.-based AVIVA
2005 Acquired Taiwan-based Mingtai
2015 Acquired U.K.-based Box Innovation Group
2016 Acquired U.K.-based Amlin
2017 Acquired First Capital (Singapore) Sandton
Johannesburg
Business initiations through capital investments in local markets
2000 Became the first Japanese non-life insurance company to establish a Lloyd’s syndicate
2000 Began Toyota Retail Business in Germany and France 2012 Established a company in Germany
2015 Invested in Ceylinco Insurance (Sri Lanka)
2019 Invested in IKBZ Insurance (Myanmar)
Mumbai Bangalore
Colombo
Saipan Guam
Beijing
Hangzhou Guangzhou Taipei
Panama City Bogota
Lima
Branches
Offices
Brussels London
Derby Dublin
Paris
Zurich Madrid
Gibraltar
Almaty
New Delhi
Moscow
Rome
Dubai Abu Dhabi
Atlanta
Developing Business in Major Countries/Regions
1924 1934 1956 1957 1958 1962 1966 1969 1970
U.K. Thailand U.K. U.S./ Singapore/ Malaysia Australia Indonesia New (Office)* Hong Kong Germany Zealand
Items not marked with * indicate the year in which a direct insurance license was acquired.
1974 1977 1978 1997 1999 2001 2003 2005 2010 2015
125 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 126
Gurugram Uttar Pradesh Chennai
Honolulu
Queretaro Miami
Expansion of Life Insurance Business
Expansion and diversification of international life insurance business
Sydney Melbourne
Hanoi Vientiane
São Paulo Buenos Aires
Oslo Cologne
Americas 23%
¥831.1 billion
Europe 36%
Milan
FY2015 (Results)
2010 Invested in Hong Leong Assurance Berhad (Malaysia) 2011 Invested in Hong Leong MSIG Takaful Berhad (Malaysia) 2011 Invested in PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG (Indonesia) 2012 Invested in Max Life Insurance Company Limited (India) 2017 Invested in Challenger Limited (Australia)
2018 Invested in ReAssure (U.K.) 2020 Invested in BoCommLife (China)
Yangon
Bangkok
Kuala Lumpur
Petaling Jaya Jakarta
Auckland
Labuan Singapore
Bandar Seri Begawan
Amsterdam
Americas 17%
Asia 41%
FY2020 (Results)
Copenhagen
Warsaw
Ismaning
Bratislava Vienna
Senningerberg
Europe 27%
¥461.6 billion
Asia 56%
Macau
Los Angeles
Irapuato
Mexico City
Shenzhen
Hong Kong
Phnom Penh Manila Ho Chi Minh
Trenton Cincinnati
Tianjin
Seoul Wuxi Suzhou
Shanghai
Brazil Philippines France Vietnam Taiwan China India Cambodia Laos (Shanghai)
Myanmar/ South Africa (Office)*
Detroit
Plano
Dallas
Warren
Toronto
Chicago New York
Hamilton

 Data Section
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
Global Network (As of July 1, 2021)
: Overseas Branches : Overseas Offices : Major Overseas Subsidiaries and Affiliates
TAIWAN VIETNAM
INDIA
MYANMAR
CAMBODIA
LAO PEOPLE’S DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
AUSTRALIA
NEW ZEALAND SRI LANKA
MSI ADI
MSI
MSI
MSI
MSI
MSI MS&AD Holdings
MSI
ADI
MSI ADI MSI
MSIG Mingtai Insurance Co., Ltd. Taipei Representative Office
MSIG Insurance (Vietnam) Company Limited
MSIG Insurance (Vietnam) Company Limited, Ho Chi Minh City Branch
Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited Cholamandalam MS Risk Services Limited
New Delhi Representative Office
Max Financial Services Limited
Max Life Insurance Company Limited
Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited Regional Office, Bangalore Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited J & K Office, Gurugram
Yangon Representative Office Asia Insurance (Cambodia) Plc. MSIG Insurance (Lao) Co., Ltd. Challenger Limited
Oceania Branch
Oceania Branch Melbourne Office
Australian Branch
Sydney Representative Office
Melbourne Representative Office
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company Australia Pty Ltd
Oceania Branch New Zealand Office
New Zealand Branch
Aioi Nissay Dowa Management New Zealand Limited
Ceylinco Insurance PLC
New York Representative Office
MSIG Holdings (U.S.A.), Inc.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA Inc.
Mitsui Sumitomo Marine Management (U.S.A.), Inc. New York Office
Warren Office
Los Angeles Office
Cincinnati Office
Atlanta Office
Chicago Office
Detroit Office
Dallas Office
Seven Hills Insurance Agency, LLC
MSIG Specialty Insurance USA Inc.
MSI GuaranteedWeather, LLC
Vortex Insurance Agency, LLC
New York Representative Office
Honolulu Representative Office
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Services USA Corporation MOTER Technologies, Inc.
Toyota Insurance Management Solutions USA, LLC Advanced Connectivity, LLC
Connected Analytic Services, LLC
DTRIC Insurance Company, Limited
DTRIC Insurance Underwriters, Limited
DTRIC Management Company, Limited
: Major Branches or Offices of Overseas Subsidiaries and Affiliates
: Underwriting Agents for the Head Office
ASIA AND OCEANIA
MS&AD Holdings MSI
ADI MS&AD Holdings
MSI
ADI
Interisk Asia Pte Ltd
MSIG Holdings (Asia) Pte. Ltd.
MSIG Insurance (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. MS First Capital Insurance Limited
SINGAPORE
THAILAND
Aioi Nissay Dowa Services Asia Pte. Ltd. InterRisk Asia (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
Thailand Branch
MSIG Insurance (Thailand) Public Company Limited
MSI Holding (Thailand) Company Limited
MSIG Service and Adjusting (Thailand) Company Limited Calm Sea Service Company Limited
MBTS Broking Services Company Limited
Ueang Mai Co., Ltd.
Yardhimar Company Limited
Bangkok Representative Office
Aioi Bangkok Insurance Public Company Limited Bangkok Chayoratn Company, Limited
Bangkok Chayolife Company, Limited
MSIG Insurance (Malaysia) Bhd. MSIG Berhad
Hong Leong Assurance Berhad Hong Leong MSIG Takaful Berhad
BPI/MS Insurance Corporation
PT. Asuransi MSIG Indonesia
PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk.
Korea Branch
InterRisk Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. BOCOM MSIG Life Insurance Company Limited
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance (China) Company Limited Guangdong Branch Shenzhen Marketing Service Department Beijing Branch
Jiangsu Branch Suzhou Marketing Service Department Shanghai Marketing Division
Beijing Representative Office
MSIG Management (Shanghai) Co. Ltd
China General Representative Office
Guangzhou Representative Office
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance (China) Company Limited
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance (China) Company Limited Zhejiang Branch Guang Ai Insurance Brokers Ltd.
MSIG Insurance (Hong Kong) Limited
Hong Kong Representative Office
MSIG Insurance (Hong Kong) Limited Macau Branch
MALAYSIA MSI
PHILIPPINES
INDONESIA
REPUBLIC OF KOREA
PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
HONG KONG MACAU
MSI
MSI
MSI MS&AD Holdings
MSI
ADI
MSI ADI MSI
THE AMERICAS
127 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 128
U.S.A.
MSI
ADI

 Data Section
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
  AUSTRIA
 NETHERLANDS
 FRANCE
 BELGIUM
 LUXEMBOURG
 SWITZERLAND
 SPAIN
 ITALY
 SLOVAKIA
 RUSSIA
 NORWAY
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
 REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA
 KAZAKHSTAN
 DENMARK
 POLAND
 GUAM (U.S.A.)
 SAIPAN (U.S.A.)
 CANADA
 BERMUDA
 MEXICO
 PANAMA
 BRAZIL
 COLOMBIA
 PERU
 ARGENTINA
 ADI Takagi & Associates, Inc. ADI Takagi & Associates, Inc.
ADI MSI MSI
ADI MSI
ADI
ADI MSI MSI
ADI MSI ADI MSI MSI
ADI
ADI MSI
MSI ADI ADI ADI ADI
Toyota Insurance Management SE Austrian Branch MSIG Insurance Europe AG The Netherlands Branch MSIG Insurance Europe AG France Branch
Paris Representative Office
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE French Branch Toyota Insurance Management SE French Branch
MS Amlin Insurance SE
MSIG Insurance Europe AG Belgium Branch
MSIG Corporate Services (Europe) Limited Belgium Branch
Brussels Representative Office
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE Belgian Branch Toyota Insurance Management SE Belgian Branch
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE
MS Amlin AG
MSIG Insurance Europe AG Spain Branch
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE Spanish Branch Toyota Insurance Management SE Spanish Branch
MSIG Insurance Europe AG Italy Branch
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE Italian Branch Toyota Insurance Management SE Italian Branch
MSIG Insurance Europe AG Slovakia Branch
Moscow Representative Office
St. Petersburg Representative Office
Moscow Representative Office
LLC Toyota Insurance Management Limited (Insurance Brokers) LLC Toyota Insurance Management Limited (Insurance Agency)
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE Norwegian Branch
Dubai Representative Office
Abu Dhabi Representative Office
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company (Europe), Limited Johannesburg Representative Office Toyota Insurance Management South Africa Proprietary Limited
Toyota Insurance Management (Insurance Broker) LLP
Toyota Insurance Management SE Nordic Branch
Toyota Insurance Management SE Polish Branch
    MSI
Toronto Representative Office c/o Chubb Insurance Company of Canada Chubb Insurance Company of Canada
  SPAC Insurance (Bermuda) Limited
MSI MSI GuaranteedWeather Trading Limited
MS Financial Reinsurance Limited
MSI MSIG Holdings (U.S.A.), Inc. Mexican Representative Office c/o Mapfre Tepeyac, S.A. MSI Panama Representative Office
Mitsui Sumitomo Seguros S/A.
MSI Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company Limited-Escritório de Representação no Brasil Ltda.
São Paulo Representative Office MSI Bogotá Representative Office
MSI Lima Representative Office
MSI Buenos Aires Representative Office
EUROPE, THE MIDDLE EAST AND AFRICA
                UNITED KINGDOM
 GERMANY
  MSI
ADI
MSI ADI
London Representative Office
MS Amlin Corporate Services Limited
MS Amlin Underwriting Limited
MS Amlin Corporate Member Limited
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company (Europe), Limited
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company (Europe), Limited Derby Office MSIG Corporate Services (Europe) Limited
Leadenhall Capital Partners LLP
London Representative Office
Aioi Nissay Dowa Europe Limited
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance UK Limited
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Management Limited Box Innovation Group Limited
Insure The Box Limited
Insure The Box Limited UK Branch
ITB Services Limited
ITB Web Limited
ITB Telematics Solutions LLP
ITB Premium Finance Limited
MSIG Insurance Europe AG
MSIG Insurance Europe AG Region Germany
Toyota Insurance Management SE
Aioi Nissay Dowa Life Insurance of Europe AG
AD Information and Data Services (Europe) GmbH
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE German Branch
             129 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 130

 Data Section
Credit Ratings
Credit Ratings for Domestic Insurance Companies
This section contains information about credit ratings assigned to the following companies in the Group.
(As of August 1, 2021)
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
Responsible for the non-life insurance business, which is a core business of the MS&AD Insurance Group. Drawing on its wide range of partnerships centering mainly on the Mitsui and Sumitomo groups, MSI is leveraging the full range of its capabilities to develop and rollout global insurance and financial services that meet every conceivable need of customers around the world.
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
Net premiums written
Growth rate of net premiums written
Net loss ratio
Net expense ratio
Combined ratio
Underwriting income
Investment income
Ordinary profit
Net income
Net assets
Total assets
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects)
Solvency margin ratio (non-consolidated)
Number of employees
 (MSI)
         Rating Agency
Rating Assigned
Financial Strength Rating
Long-Term Issuer Credit Rating
Short-Term Issuer Credit Rating
Insurance Financial Strength Rating
Long-Term Issuer Rating
Issuer Rating
Insurance Claims Paying Ability
Ability to Pay Insurance Claims
Long-Term Issuer Rating
Short-Term Rating (Commercial Paper)
Financial Strength Rating
Issuer Credit Rating
MS&AD Holdings
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
AA (Stable)
-
-
-
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
A+ (Stable)
A+ (Stable)
A-1
A1 (Stable)
A1 (Stable)
AA (Stable)
-
-
AA+ (Stable)
J-1+
A+ (Stable)
aa (Stable)
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
A+ (Stable)
A+ (Stable)
A-1
A1 (Stable)
-
AA (Stable)
-
AA+ (Stable)
AA+ (Stable)
J-1+
A+ (Stable)
aa (Stable)
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
-
-
-
-
-
-
AA (Stable)
-
-
-
-
-
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
         Standard & Poor’s
Moody's
Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I)
Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. (JCR)
A.M. Best
Credit Ratings for Overseas Insurance Companies
The table below indicates information about credit ratings of overseas subsidiaries.
A+ (Stable)
A+ (Stable)
- - - -
AA (Stable)
- - - - -
(As of August 1, 2021)
(¥ billion)
1,566.0 0.4% 62.0% 33.2% 95.2% 62.0 125.0 175.0 131.0 - - - - -
         Item
FY2016
1,469.6
(2.5%)
61.2%
31.2%
92.4%
81.7
139.4
215.5
164.5
1,645.0
6,777.0
1,294.0
657.9%
14,650
FY2017
1,500.3
2.1%
61.6%
31.3%
92.9%
84.4
182.5
262.5
198.2
1,877.0
7,098.2
1,419.7
701.1%
14,572
FY2018
1,512.4
0.8%
66.2%
31.5%
97.7%
47.3
185.9
226.4
171.1
1,832.6
6,977.1
1,226.7
723.2%
14,577
FY2019
1,547.9
2.3%
63.3%
32.0%
95.3%
7.3
93.9
89.1
94.0
1,640.0
6,686.0
947.8
701.3%
14,371
FY2020
1,559.5
0.8%
59.8%
32.7%
92.5%
23.9
117.8
131.6
92.2
1,925.2
7,098.1
1,455.0
746.5%
14,168
FY2021 (Forecast)
                         Notes: 1. Net premiums written, net loss ratio, net expense ratio and combined ratio figures are presented exclusive of Good Result Return premiums of propriety automobile insurance product “ModoRich,” which contains a special clause related to premium adjustment and refund at maturity.
2. Net loss ratio = (net claims paid + loss adjustment expenses) ÷ net premiums written × 100
3. Net expense ratio = (commissions and collection expenses + operating expenses and general and administrative expenses for underwriting) ÷ net premiums written × 100
4. Combined ratio = net loss ratio + net expense ratio
5. Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) represents the difference before tax effects between the fair value and the acquisition cost (including the amortized
 cost) of available for-sale securities with practically determinable fair value. It includes monetary claims bought, money trusts and others that are accounted for as investment in securities.
Rating Agency
 Overseas Subsidiaries
 Credit Rating
  Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co. (Europe), Ltd. MSIG Insurance (Hong Kong) Ltd.
MSIG Insurance (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
MSIG Insurance Europe AG
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company of Europe SE Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance UK Ltd.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA, Inc.
MSIG Specialty Insurance USA Inc.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance (China) Co., Ltd. MSIG Mingtai Insurance Co., Ltd.
MS Amlin AG
MS Amlin Insurance SE
Syndicate 2001 MS Amlin AG
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company of America Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance USA, Inc.
MSIG Specialty Insurance USA Inc.
Syndicate 2001 MS Amlin AG
DTRIC Insurance Company Ltd.
DTRIC Insurance Underwriters, Ltd.
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance (China) Co., Ltd.
MS First Capital Insurance Limited
Financial
Financial Financial
Financial
Strength Rating
Strength Rating Strength Rating
Strength Rating
A+ (Stable)*1 Principal Management Indicators Net Premiums Written
Composition by Class of Insurance (FY2020)
   Standard & Poor's
Moody’s
A.M. Best
A+ (Stable)*2 (¥ billion) 1,600
A+ (Stable) 1,550 1,500
A (Stable) 1,450 1,400
1,547.9
2019
95.3
2019
1,559.5
2020
92.5 2020
1,566.0
2021 (Forecast)
95.2
Other ¥286.6 billion
Fire and Allied ¥233.3 billion
   1,512.4
2018
18.4%
15.0%
   1,350 1,300
10.1%
3.4%
Total
¥ 1,559.5 billion
Ordinary Profit / Net Income
Compulsory Automobile Liability ¥157.3 billion
Marine ¥53.0 billion
  Insurance Financial Strength Rating
Financial Strength Rating Issuer Credit Rating
Financial Strength Rating Issuer Credit Rating
Financial Strength Rating Issuer Credit Rating
Financial Strength Rating Issuer Credit Rating
A1 (Stable)
A+ (Stable) aa (Stable)
(FY)
Automobile ¥683.4 billion
Personal Accident ¥145.7 billion
 43.8%
9.3%
  A (Stable)
a+ (Stable) (%)
A- (Stable) a- (Stable)
(¥ billion)
300 250 200 150 100
50 0
Ordinary Profit
226.4 171.1
2018
Net Income
110.0
Combined Ratio
   A (Stable) 100.0 a+ (Stable)
97.7
2018
89.194.0
2019
131.6 92.2
2020
175.0131.0 2021 (FY)
   *1. Applicable to the same ratings of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance with the guarantee on insurance/reinsurance policies, issued by Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance (the issuer of the guarantee, the “Guarantor”). 90.0 The obligations of the Guarantor under the guarantee rank pari passu with all other unsecured indebtedness of the Guarantor. The guarantee is unconditional and covers the subsidiaries' obligations
of payment and not collection.
*2. Applicable to the same rating of Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance with the guarantee on insurance/reinsurance policies, issued by Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance (the issuer of the guarantee, the "Guarantor"). The obligations of the Guarantor under the guarantee rank pari passu with all other unsecured indebtedness of the Guarantor. The guarantee is unconditional and covers the subsidiaries' obligations of payment and not collection.
131 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 132
80.0
2021 (FY) (Forecast)
  (Forecast)
Corporate Profile
President: Shinichiro Funabiki (concurrently serving as Executive Officer of MS&AD Holdings)
Date Established: October 1918 Number of Employees: 14,168 (As of March 31, 2021)
Head Office: 9, Kanda-Surugadai 3-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
URL https://www.ms-ins.com/english/

 Data Section
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
Responsible for the non-life insurance business, which is a core business of the MS&AD Insurance Group. Harnessing the networks of the Toyota and Nippon Life groups as well as the strength of its community-based retail market development capabilities, ADI is working diligently to further develop its business.
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
Net premiums written
Growth rate of net premiums written
Net loss ratio
Net expense ratio
Combined ratio
Underwriting income
Investment income
Ordinary profit
Net income
Net assets
Total assets
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects)
Solvency margin ratio (non-consolidated)
Number of employees
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
  (ADI)
(Mitsui Direct General)
Corporate Profile
President: Yasuzo Kanasugi (concurrently serving as
Vice Chairman Executive Officer of MS&AD Holdings)
Date Established: June 1918
Number of Employees: 13,933 (As of March 31, 2021)
Head Office: 28-1, Ebisu 1-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
URL https://www.aioinissaydowa.co.jp /english/
(¥ billion)
1,287.0 0.4% 63.5% 35.0% 98.5% 30.0 40.0 65.0 43.0 ‐ ‐ ‐ ‐ ‐
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
  Mitsui Direct General is a non-life insurance company that engages in the direct sale of individual voluntary automobile insurance via the Internet and smartphones.
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
Net premiums written
Growth rate of net premiums written
Net loss ratio
Net expense ratio
Combined ratio
Underwriting income
Ordinary profit
Net income
Net assets
Total assets
Solvency margin ratio (non-consolidated)
Number of employees
Notes:1. Net loss ratio = (net claims paid + loss adjustment expenses) ÷ net premiums written × 100
2. Net expense ratio = (commissions and collection expenses + operating expenses and general and administrative expenses for underwriting) ÷ net premiums written × 100 3. Combined ratio = net loss ratio + net expense ratio
(¥ billion)
36.4 0.0% 69.2% 30.4% 99.6% 0.15 0.19 0.10 ‐ ‐ ‐ ‐
               Item
FY2016
1,200.5
0.7%
59.1%
33.5%
92.6%
39.5
32.2
75.1
50.3
793.0
3,498.2
505.3
851.6%
13,052
FY2017
1,222.0
1.8%
59.2%
33.4%
92.6%
4.8
(1.9)
3,486.6
5.6
15.6
781.0
578.7
784.0%
13,287
FY2018
1,233.5
0.9%
67.8%
33.8%
101.6%
15.5
43.0
61.3
37.3
735.5
3,410.9
506.3
688.2%
13,657
FY2019
1,276.7
3.5%
62.0%
34.5%
96.5%
1.1
55.3
58.6
44.7
638.0
3,420.7
375.3
702.3%
13,775
FY2020
1,281.4
0.4%
58.6%
34.9%
93.5%
(12.4)
48.3
32.4
21.6
838.6
3,745.2
664.8
790.9%
13,933
FY2021 (Forecast)
 Item
FY2016
37.6
3.0%
75.9%
22.0%
97.9%
(1.00)
(0.95)
(1.00)
13.3
59.9
431.4%
572
FY2017
37.8
0.6%
73.0%
23.3%
96.3%
0.38
0.45
0.32
13.6
61.4
457.5%
571
FY2018
36.6
(3.2%)
76.2%
25.3%
101.5%
0.33
0.38
0.24
13.9
60.9
497.6%
545
FY2019
36.3
(0.8%)
74.9%
28.3%
103.2%
0.13
0.17
0.15
14.0
59.7
526.9%
552
FY2020
36.4
0.3%
64.2%
31.3%
95.5%
1.37
1.41
0.97
14.9
61.8
595.8%
559
FY2021 (Forecast)
                         Notes:1. Net loss ratio = (net claims paid + loss adjustment expenses) ÷ net premiums written × 100
2. Net expense ratio = (commissions and collection expenses + operating expenses and general and administrative expenses for underwriting) ÷ net premiums written × 100
3. Combined ratio = net loss ratio + net expense ratio
4. Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) represents the difference before tax effects between the fair value and the acquisition cost (including the amortized
 cost) of available-for-sale securities with practically determinable fair value. It includes monetary claims bought, money trusts and others that are accounted for as investment in securities.
Principal Management Indicators
Principal Management Indicators
  Net Premiums Written
Composition by Class of Insurance (FY2020)
Total ¥1,281.4 billion
Ordinary Profit / Net Income
Net Premiums Written
Composition by Class of Insurance (FY2020)
(¥ billion)
1,300 1,250 1,200 1,150 1,100
1,276.7
2019
96.5
1,281.4 1,287.0
Other ¥135.9 billion
Fire and Allied ¥207.7 billion
(¥ billion) 40.0
39.0 38.0 37.0 360 35.0 34.0
Personal
       1,233.5
2018
10.6%
16.2%
Accident ¥0.08 billion
Combined Ratio
(%) 110.0
Combined Ratio
Compulsory Automobile Liability ¥143.2 billion
Marine ¥6.9 billion
36.4 2020
0.2%
Total ¥36.47billion
    2021 (Forecast) (FY)
98.5
Automobile ¥729.5 billion
Personal Accident ¥57.9 billion
1.1%
Ordinary Profit / Net Income
98.7%
11.2%
0.5%
36.6
2018
36.3
2019
103.2
36.4 2021
Compulsory Automobile Liability ¥0.39 billion
Automobile ¥35.99 billion
 101.6
80 70 60 50 40 30 20 10
61.3 37.3
58.6 44.7
65.0 43.0
101.5
99.6
1.41 0.97
2020
56.9%
4.5%
(Forecast) (FY)
  (¥ billion)
Ordinary Profit
Net Income
(%) 110.0
100.0 90.0
(¥ billion) 1.5
Ordinary Profit
Net Income
   100.0 90.0
95.5
1.0
0.5 0.38
0.24
 93.5
80.0 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FY) 0
32.4 21.6
  0.17 0.15
80.0 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FY) 0 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FY)
0.19
0.10
    133
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
(Forecast)
2018 2019 2020 2021 (FY) (Forecast)
(Forecast) (Forecast)
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 134
Corporate Profile
President: Akio Miyamoto Date Established: June 1999
Number of Employees: 559
(As of March 31, 2021)
Head Office: 5-1, Kouraku 2-chome, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo
URL https://www.mitsui-direct.co.jp (Japanese language only)

 Data Section
Domestic Life Insurance Business
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
  Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
Corporate Profile
President: Shiro Kaji
Date Established: August 1996
Number of Employees: 2,529 (As of March 31, 2020)
Head Office: 27-2, Shinkawa 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
URL https://www.msa-life.co.jp (Japanese language only)
(¥ billion)
1,897.7 24,332.2 446.2 35.2 - - - - 18.0 - - - 1,010.0 - -
Domestic Life Insurance Business
(MSI Aioi Life)
Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
  MSI Aioi Life is a life insurance company that offers protection-type life insurance products, while leveraging the Group’s marketing network and customer base. The company is realizing a growth model that involves a combination of strategies to utilize unique marketing channels.
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
Amount of new policies
Amount of policies in force Annualized premiums of policies in force Ordinary profit
Core profit
Risk differential gains/(losses) Expenses differential gains/(losses) Investment income differential gains/(losses)
Net income
Net assets
Total assets
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects)
Embedded value (EEV)
Solvency margin ratio
Number of employees
(MSI Primary Life)
Specializing in over-the-counter sales via financial institutions, MSI Primary Life is a life insurance company that offers asset-building-type and asset- inheritance-type products centered on individual annuity insurance and whole life insurance.
Principal Indicators (Non-Consolidated)
Premiums income
Amount of new policies
Amount of policies in force
Ordinary profit
Core profit/(loss)
Core profit + Capital gains
Net income
Net assets
Total assets
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects)
Embedded value (EEV)
Solvency margin ratio
Number of employees
(¥ billion)
700.0
703.4 6,399.0 35.4 - - 23.0 - - - - - -
               Item
FY2016
2,377.1
23,214.2
401.0
16.1
18.6
55.8
(14.6)
(0.2)
4.5
276.2
3,619.1
126.3
794.2
1,893.2%
2,595
FY2017
2,639.5
23,806.8
412.3
16.9
12.8
59.9
(15.3)
(2.2)
5.2
264.5
3,869.7
107.5
835.5
1,726.7%
2,609
FY2018
3,114.5
24,533.1
431.5
19.5
15.5
62.7
(13.0)
(4.3)
4,229.6
7.9
275.9
114.0
819.4
1,681.8%
2,602
FY2019
2,068.4
24,458.0
448.1
1,549.3%
18.6
13.6
62.6
(10.8)
(7.9)
7.5
260.7
4,510.4
86.9
890.2
2,588
FY2020
1,769.0
24,266.9
447.9
1,439.5%
25.6
24.8
69.4
(5.6)
(6.7)
11.9
257.4
4,534.3
73.7
958.3
2,529
FY2021 (Forecast)
 Item
FY2016
1,071.1
1,032.2
5,680.7
1,030.5%
57.6
52.7
58.9
20.7
137.7
5,838.0
10.4
375.3
384
FY2017
1,015.6
1,015.6
6,061.8
28.9
8.8
30.0
29.2
164.0
6,201.7
11.3
416.2
992.9%
394
FY2018
1,095.6
1,118.2
6,678.5
35.5
(12.3)
44.2
23.3
195.3
6,885.3
27.3
436.1
825.4%
400
FY2019
872.1
882.7
6,514.0
31.4
(27.9)
27.6
20.3
194.8
6,814.9
(7.4)
348.4
746.0%
396
FY2020
785.4
788.2
6,595.8
160.0
40.8
160.8
1,054.8%
43.1
260.5
7,024.7
51.3
557.4
390
FY2021 (Forecast)
                          Notes:1. The amount of new policies and amount of policies in force are the totals of individual insurance and individual annuity insurance.
2. Core profit is an insurance business profitability indicator that is calculated by deducting capital gains/(losses) and non-recurring income and losses from ordinary profit. In this business, the
  Notes:1. Amount of new policies, amount of policies in force and annualized premiums of policies in force are the total of individual insurance and individual annuity insurance.
2. Core profit is an insurance business profitability indicator that is calculated by deducting capital gains/(losses) and non-recurring income and losses from ordinary profit.
3. Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) represents the difference before tax effects between the fair value and the acquisition cost (including the amortized
sum of core profit and capital gains (losses) provides a more appropriate indicator of actual profit for the period. As for MSI Primary Life, the sum of core profit and capital gains(losses) provides a more appropriate indicator of actual profit for the period instead of core profit(loss). Meanwhile, the method for disclosing the breakdown of ordinary profit was revised effective from FY2017. As a result of retroactive adjustments to FY2016 data, core profit (fundamental profit) for FY2016 has been revised.
cost) of available-for-sale securities with practically determinable fair value. It includes monetary claims bought, money trusts and others that are accounted for as investment in securities.
3. Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) represent the difference before tax effects between the fair value and the acquisition cost (including the amortized cost) of available-for-sale securities with practically determinable fair value. It includes monetary claims bought, money trusts and others that are accounted for as investment in securities.
Principal Management Indicators
Annualized Premiums of Policies in Force
Weight by Type of Product (FY2020)
Savings-Type Products (whole life insurance, endowment insurance, individual annuity insurance, lump sum whole life insurance, other)
Protection-Type Products (medical insurance, income guarantee insurance, term life insurance, increasing term life insurance, other)
Principal Management Indicators
Premiums Income
Weight by Type of Sales Channel (FY2020)
Japan Post Bank, Securities Firms, etc.
36%
Ordinary Profit / Net Income
  (¥ billion)
450 431.5
412.3 400
350 300
1,200 1,000 800 600 400 200 0
448.1 447.9
446.2
2021 (Forecast)
(¥ billion) Medical Insurance 1,200
Fixed
1,015.6
2017
Variable 1,095.6
2018
2%
        25%
22% 1,000
800
872.1
2019
785.4 700.0
Mega Banks,
  Income Guarantee
Insurance 600
   (¥ billion)
(¥ 40
30 20 10
billion)
Ordinary Profit
Net Income
160.0
2017 2018
(including income
guarantee special 400
Regional Banks, Shinkin Banks
Other
2020
6,595.8
2021 (Forecast)
6,399.0
(FY)
62%
clause) 200 9% 0
Trust Banks, etc.
  2019 2020 Embedded Value (EEV)
(FY)
75%
Ordinary Profit / Net Income
44%
  (Refer to the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” on p. 111)
Amount of Policies in Force
Ordinary Profit
Net Income
(¥ billion)
Fixed
6,061.8
Variable
6,678.5
(¥ billion)
160
60 40 20
(Forecast) (Forecast)
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 136
  890.2
958.3
1,010.0
35.2 8,000 7,000
6,000
18.0 5,000 4,000
3,000 2,000 1,000
0
6,514.0
  835.5
819.4
25.6 11.9
        16.9 5.2
28.9 29.2
35.5 23.3
31.4 20.3
35.4 23.0
19.5 7.9
18.6 7.5
43.1
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FY) 0 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FY)
        2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FY) 0 (Forecast)
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (FY) (Forecast)
    135
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
Corporate Profile
President: Yasuhiro Nagai
Date Established: September 2001
Number of Employees: 390 (As of March 31, 2021)
Head Office: Yaesu First Financial Building, 3-7, Yaesu 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
URL https://www.ms-primary.com (Japanese language only)
 
 Data Section
International Business MS Amlin
Centered on three operating companies―Lloyd’s, Reinsurance and Continental Europe Primary Insurance―MS Amlin is a leading insurer that provides both insurance and reinsurance services around the world.
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section International Business
Asian Region
As the sole insurance group with underwriting operations in all 10 ASEAN countries in the Asian region, we are leveraging our solid business base to create further growth and expand locally rooted businesses.
   Principal Indicators
(£ million)
Principal Indicators*1
Net Premiums Written and Net income
          Item
Net premiums written
Growth rate of net premiums written
EI claims ratio
EI expense ratio
Combined ratio
FY2017 FY2018
2,955 3,050 3,220
Principal Indicators
FY2019
Net Premiums Written and Combined Ratio
Net Written Premiums by Product Line (FY2020)
2,923 9.0% -
- -
(¥ billion)
Net Premiums Written (left axis)
Net Income (right axis)
(¥ billion)
Net Premiums Written (left axis) Combined Ratio(%) (right axis)
NPW of former MSI Lloyd's & Reinsurance business 200
168.9 26.1 166.9 11.2
170.4 24.9
30
20
10
Others
  (£ million) (%)
3,500 3,220 150 150
157.7 23.1
23%
   146.7
2017
Singapore 30.8 Malaysia 28.6 Hong Kong 11.1 Thailand 10.3 Indonesia 3.9
Trends in Premium Growth Rates (FY2016–FY2020)*4*5
Motor Insurance
   3,093 2,955 3,000 439 133
3,050 2,923
2,681 140 100
138.9 9.5
2016
16.6
Marine Insurance
58%
(¥ billion)
        2,500 2,654 income/(loss) 2,000 Investment income   - 1,500
Net income   79 1,000
130
120 50 109 110
100 0 90
7%
  Underwriting -
Property Insurance
 106 102
2018 2019
*After consolidation of MSIʼs Lloydʼs and Reinsurance businesses into MS Amlin
Net Premiums Written by Geography
FY2020 Net Premiums Written £2,681 million
Overview of the Insurance Business of the Three MS Amlin Companies (As of March 31, 2021)
0 12%
Notes: 1. On a local reporting basis. The accounting method where securities market fluctuations are 96* reflected in the profit-loss statement has been adopted for investment profit. 500
The EI expense ratio and combined ratio are calculated by taking into account foreign
exchange gains/losses included in underwriting profit.
2018*2
2019
2021 (Forecast)
(FY)
  2. Figures for FY2016 include results of MSI’s Lloyd’s and Reinsurance subsidiaries that were consolidated into MS Amlin at the end of FY2016.
80 2021 (FY)
2020
Conditions by Major Country and Region (FY2020)
0
3. Figures for FY2020 onward are the sum of MS Amlin Underwriting Limited, MS Amlin AG, 2016 2017
2020
 MSAmlin Insurance SE, and other services companies.
4: Net income (forecast) for fiscal 2021 reflects the loss associated with the North American
Net Premiums Written by Product Line
FY2020 Net Premiums Written £2,681 million
(Forecast)
Country / Region
  Net premiums written
Net income
 Country / Region
  Net premiums written
Net income
   cold wave of February 2021 on a local reporting basis.
        Casualty and Other
Marine & Aviation Insurance
Others
UK
9.6 4.7 1.2 0.5 0.5
Indonesia Vietnam
Vietnam 1.6 China 37.4 Taiwan 33.6 India*3 48.3 Philippines*3 6.1
0.6 1.4 2.1 1.6 0.5
    32%
20%
16%
21%
  Motor Insurance
Property Insurance
North America
Europe
Singapore Malaysia
Hong Kong Thailand
China Taiwan
(%) 120
110 100 90 80 70
60 2016
India Philippines
14%
33%
28%
34%
(%) 50
40 30 20 10
0
-10
-20
(4.5%)
3.2%
FY2020
2,681
FY2021 (Forecast)
  133%
 (964)
181
(759)
106%
(174)
54
(94)
102%
(55)
263
55
109%
(277)
144
(222)
*1. Figures are calculated and presented using data for subsidiaries and equity-method affiliates in Asia (excluding countries in Oceania). Figures for overseas offices are not included. *2. Data reflects consolidated figures for MS Fist Capital Limited of Singapore from FY2018.
*3. Equity-method affiliates. Net premiums written are shown on a 100% basis, regardless of equity ownership. Net income is presented on an equity ownership basis.
*4. The premium growth rate is the percentage increase in net premiums written (on a local currency basis) from the previous fiscal year.
*5. Singapore’s FY2018 premium growth rate has been calculated after taking into account a comparison with MS First capital Limited’s net premiums written in FY2017 following that company’s inclusion in the scope of consolidation in FY2018.
Trends in Combined Ratios (FY2016–FY2020)
         Company Name
MS Amlin Underwriting Limited
London, UK
Johan Slabbert
Approx. 540
976
Lloyd’s business
MS Amlin AG
Zurich, Switzerland
Chris Beazley
Approx. 160
1,092
Reinsurance business in Switzerland, Bermuda, the United States, etc.
MS Amlin Insurance SE
     Headquarters CEO
Number of Employees*
FY2020 Net Premiums Written (£ million)
Business Description
* In addition to the aforementioned, the company has approximately 400 employees in service and other companies.
Brussels, Belgium Ludovic Senecaut
Approx. 570
607
Continental Europe Primary Insurance business with
a focus on Belgium, the Netherlands and France, etc.
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
(FY)
2017 2018 2019
2020 (FY)
                    137 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 138
97%
36%
71%
35%
5.6%
67%
34%
(16.7%)
75%
35%

Data Section
Short Commentary: Group Financial Statements
Commentary 1: Balance Sheet (B/S)
On its consolidated balance sheet, the Group has total assets of ¥24.1 trillion, and the majority liabilities, ¥18.1 trillion, are policy liabilities —that is, reserves for paying future insurance claims. On the other hand, the largest asset item is investments in securities, which have a total market value of ¥16.7 trillion. Unrealized gains (after tax-effect deduction) in excess of the market value of investments in securities at acquisition costs are recorded in unrealized gains/losses on investments in securities (¥1.6 trillion). This means that policy liabilities, which account for the majority of the Group’s balance sheet liabilities, are invested in securities. In addition, unrealized gains on investments in securities (after tax-effect accounting) accounted for approximately 50% of net assets (¥3.1 trillion) as of the end of FY2020.
    (Main) assets
 Cash, deposits and savings Money trusts
Investments in securities
(of which: stocks)
Loans
Tangible fixed assets Intangible fixed assets Other assets
Commentary 2: Statements of Income (P/L)
(1) Main components of the statements of income
A summary of the Group’s consolidated statements of income (p. 155) is provided below. It consists primarily of underwriting income and expenses and investment income and expenses.
Total assets
Underwriting profit/(loss)
Impact on underwriting profit -(A+B)
Incurred losses due to natural catastrophes (A)
Great East Japan Earthquake
2011 Thailand floods
2014 massive snowfalls
Large-scale natural catastrophes incl. 2017 hurricanes in North America
July heavy rain, Typhoon No. 21, No. 24 in 2018
Typhoon No.15, No.19 in 2019
Other natural catastrophes
Net provision for catastrophe reserves (B)
FY2010
(83.7)
(65.9)
65.9
62.7
3.2
-
-
-
-
-
0
FY2011
(1,90.0)
(172.0)
311.5
(7.7)
264.3
54.9
(139.5)
-
-
-
-
FY2012
2,057.7
1,717.8
2,892.7
1.3
0.6
53.2
(41.9)
-
-
-
-
960.1
494.8
431.9
24,142.5
(3.0)
(13.2)
55.1
FY2013
(36.1)
(93.3)
96.3
(23.0)
82.1
37.1
(3.0)
-
-
-
-
(Main) liabilities
Policy liabilities
Bonds issued
Deferred tax liabilities
Total liabilities
Net unrealized gains/losses on investments in securities
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
FY2014
28.7
(58.5)
27.2
(5.1)
2.2
30.1
31.3
-
-
-
-
FY2015
43.9
(149.7)
68.1
0.3
67.7
81.6
-
-
-
-
-
FY2016
121.3
(132.9)
51.0
51.0
81.8
-
-
-
-
-
-
FY2017
89.3
(159.0)
114.3
41.3
73.0
44.6
-
-
-
-
-
FY2018
62.8
(160.8)
240.7
183.7
56.9
(79.8)
-
-
-
-
-
FY2019
(172.3)
8.4
139.0
93.0
46.0
33.3
(¥ billion)
809.0 1,602.3 34.6 21,015.9
1,613.2 3,126.6
 18,107.0
 16,793.5
Other liabilities
 1,436.4
(Main) Net assets
Shareholders’ equity
 -
-
-
-
-
1,630.3
24,142.5
  Income (+): underwriting income, ¥3,425.3 billion; investment income, ¥1,450.7 billion; other ordinary income, ¥16.0 billion
Expenses (-): underwriting expenses, ¥3,800.4 billion (of which ¥208.9 billion is provision for underwriting reserves) FY2020 Investment expenses, ¥69.6 billion; operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, ¥688.5 billion; other
ordinary expenses, ¥27.0 billion Ordinary profit: ¥306.5 billion
Income (+): underwriting income, ¥4,640.5 billion; investment income, ¥511.5 billion; other ordinary income, ¥16.2 billion
Expenses (-): underwriting expenses, ¥3,749.8 billion (of which ¥196.1 billion is provision for underwriting reserves) FY2019 Investment expenses, ¥512.9 billion; operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, ¥694.6 billion; other
ordinary expenses, ¥53.2 billion Ordinary profit: ¥157.7 billion
(2) Underwriting profit for domestic non-life insurance companies and catastrophe reserves
Underwriting profit can be dramatically affected by events such as natural catastrophes. Non-life insurance companies are legally required to build up catastrophe reserves to mitigate that impact. When companies have to pay extremely large insurance claims, they can reverse the catastrophe reserves, which mitigates the impact to a certain degree. The following table indicates past underwriting profit, incurred losses related to natural catastrophes and changes in catastrophe reserves (net provision). (See p. 111 of the “Glossary of Insurance Terminology” for details on catastrophe reserves and p. 115 for underwriting profit.)
    Impact of natural catastrophes on underwriting profit
(¥ billion)
11.4 (155.1) 89.7 - - -
- - -
89.7 65.3
    * Simple sum of MSI and ADI
Example: The impact of loss of ¥311.5 billion from natural catastrophes for FY2011 was mitigated by the reversal of catastrophe reserves of ¥139.5 billion and resulted in an underwriting loss of ¥190.0 billion.
139 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
FY2020
  Performance Record
Five-Year Summary (Unaudited)   141 Management’s Discussion and Analysis 142
 Premiums Written and Net Claims Paid— Non-Life Insurance (Unaudited)
Policies in Force and New Policies— Domestic Life Insurance (Unaudited)
Investment Assets and Investments in Securities (Unaudited)
149 151 152
Consolidated Balance Sheets 153 Consolidated Statements of Income 155 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 156 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 157 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 160 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 161 Independent Auditor’s Report 185
Summary of Business Results of Main Consolidated Subsidiaries
189
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 140
 
Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Five-Year Summary (Unaudited)
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
  Yen in millions FY2018 ¥ 5,500,438 3,497,572 290,847
192,705 (79,701)
2,778,047 23,132,539
Yen
¥ 328.72
328.60 4,712.11
11.89% 6.77% 10.25
Yen in millions ¥ 776,724
(252,417) (33,337)
1,798,526
US$ in millions
1. OVERVIEW
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) provides information on the nature of the businesses conducted by MS&AD Holdings and its affiliates (154 subsidiaries and 34 associates as of March 31, 2021), and the positioning of the principal affiliates within these businesses.
MS&AD is a specified listed company pursuant to the provisions stipulated in the Japanese Cabinet Order 49-2 and is regulated under this Order with respect to securities transactions and other matters. As a result, investors should make decisions based on the Group’s consolidated financial statements as provided for under the minimal standards criteria of material facts set forth in restrictions on insider trading.
Description of Businesses
1) Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
MS&AD’s domestic non-life insurance business is operated by the following three subsidiaries and others in Japan:
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI”)
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company, Limited (“ADI”)
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Company, Limited (“Mitsui Direct General”)
2) Domestic Life Insurance Business
MS&AD’s domestic life insurance business is operated by the following two subsidiaries and others in Japan:
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI Aioi Life”) Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI Primary Life”)
3) International Business
MS&AD’s international business is operated by international divisions of domestic non-life insurance subsidiaries in Japan, and overseas subsidiaries, and overseas branches of domestic non-life insurance subsidiaries in overseas countries.
4) Financial Services Business / Risk-Related Services Business
a) Financial Services Business
MS&AD’s financial services business, including asset management, financial guarantees, 401k, ART (alternative risk transfer), personal finance, and venture capital finance, is operated by domestic non-life insurance subsidiaries, Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company, Limited, MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE Venture Capital Co., Ltd, Leadenhall Capital Partners LLP and others.
b) Risk-Related Services Business
MS&AD’s risk-related services business, including risk management and the nursing care business, is operated by MS&AD InterRisk Research Institute & Consulting, Inc., Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Care Network Company, Limited, and others.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
MS&AD Holdings’ consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan (Japan GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires MS&AD Holdings’ management to select and apply accounting policies as well as to make a number of estimates regarding the impact on disclosure of assets and liabilities as well as revenues and expenses. The management bases their estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that they consider reasonable. Nevertheless, these estimates contain inherent uncertainties and thus could differ from actual results.
Significant accounting policies used in the preparation of MS&AD Holdings’ consolidated financial statements are presented in “SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES” of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.”
The following items are considered important accounting estimates.
1) Method for Determination of Fair Value
Certain assets and liabilities are recorded on the Company’s balance sheet at their fair values. These fair values are determined based on market prices. For certain derivatives for which market prices are not available, reasonable estimates of fair value are made based on the present value of future cash flows, the price of the underlying assets, the contract period, and other factors.
2) Impairment of Securities
Since securities held by the Group companies are subject to the risk of price fluctuations in securities markets, MS&AD applies impairment accounting for securities based on reasonable criteria. If securities markets decline, an impairment loss could be incurred.
3) Impairment of Fixed Assets
When the profitability of fixed assets declines and investments in these assets are unlikely to be recovered, MS&AD recognizes impairment losses to reflect recoverable amounts under certain circumstances.
The recoverable amount for an asset or asset group is the higher of the net sales value (the value computed by deducting expected disposal expenses from the fair value of an asset or asset group) and the value in use (the present value of expected future cash flows resulting from the continual usage and subsequent disposal of an asset or asset group).
Accordingly, the amount of the impairment loss for fixed assets depends on estimated future cash flows based on the assumption and forecasts that MS&AD considers reasonable. Consequently, an additional impairment loss could be incurred in the event of changes in the related business environment, in the event of a change in the usage of fixed assets or in the event of changes in real estate or leasing market prices.
4) Deferred Tax Assets
In determining recoverable deferred tax assets, future taxable income is estimated based on the assumptions and forecasts that MS&AD considers reasonable. Since the recoverable amount of deferred tax assets depends on estimates of future taxable income, the amount of deferred tax assets could fluctuate in the event of a subsequent change in estimates of future taxable income.
5) Allowance for Credit Losses
In preparation for losses on bad debts, MS&AD records estimated amounts deemed to be unrecoverable as an allowance for credit losses. Unrecoverable amounts and recorded allowances for credit losses could change from their initial estimates due to changes in the financial condition of debtors.
6) Outstanding Claims
MS&AD estimates and sets aside reserves as outstanding claims for any unpaid amounts of its payment obligations as determined or recognized by insurance contracts. Claim payments and recorded outstanding claims could change from their initial estimates due to such factors as the progress of loss adjustment, the results of legal judgments and exchange rate fluctuations.
 FY2020
¥ 4,892,244
3,500,996
306,524
144,398
753,938
3,126,657
24,142,562
FY2020
$ 44,074
31,541
2,761
1,301
6,792
28,168
217,501
 Ordinary income:
Net premiums written
Ordinary profit/(loss)
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Comprehensive income/(loss) Net assets
Total assets
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share - Basic
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share - Diluted
Net assets per share
Equity ratio
Return on equity Price earnings ratio
Cash flows
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year
FY2016 ¥ 5,335,239 3,407,389 352,612
210,447
114,294 2,734,432 21,234,300
FY2017 ¥ 5,217,835 3,440,976 211,548
154,057
311,096 2,968,387 22,472,927
¥ 260.04
259.98 4,964.64
13.09% 5.45% 12.90
¥ 822,640 (963,105)
42,329 1,323,506
FY2019 ¥ 5,168,361 3,573,732 157,701
143,030 (157,288)
2,494,038 23,196,455
¥ 248.36
248.22 4,308.37
10.57% 5.50% 12.18
¥ 667,896 (330,363)
65,321 2,198,680
 US$
¥ 255.79
255.65
5,525.42
12.78%
5.22%
12.70
$ 2.30
2.30
49.78
–
–
–
¥
350.94
350.90 4,572.82
12.76% 7.78% 10.09
 US$ in millions
¥ (323,912)
43,925
79,278
1,994,434
41,501
$ (2,918)
396
714
17,968
–
Number of employees
¥ 1,086,948 (614,899) (100,198)
1,415,903
40,641
Note: U.S. dollar amounts in this report have been translated from yen, for convenience only, at the rate of ¥111=US$1. For details, see Note 1 of Significant Accounting Policies (p. 161).
41,295
41,467
41,582
 141 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 142

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 7) Underwriting Reserves
To meet future obligations in accordance with insurance contracts, MS&AD sets aside underwriting reserves. It could, therefore, become necessary to increase underwriting reserves in the event of unforeseen losses due to significant changes in the business environment, operating conditions and other factors.
8) Retirement Benefit Expenses and Retirement Benefit Obligations
Retirement benefit expenses and retirement benefit obligations are calculated based on certain assumptions that include discount rates, future retirement rates, and mortality rates. However, future retirement benefit expenses and obligations could change in the event that actual results differ from the assumptions used, or in the event that it becomes necessary to change the assumptions.
3. SUMMARY OF BUSINESS RESULTS
During the fiscal year under review, the global and Japanese economies continued to be in a difficult situation due to the impact of COVID-19 that has been spreading globally. However, we have seen a trend of recovery since the middle of the year as economic activities have gradually returned.
The MS&AD Insurance Group (“the Group”) also faced the impact of the pandemic such as increasing insurance payment in overseas countries and decreasing life insurance premiums in Japan. However, while carrying out initiatives to construct business styles in response to customers’ growing preference for contactless services, the Group took measures to increase productivity further by using teleworking, promoting paperless operations and utilizing office space effectively.
In the fiscal year under review, the Group has been making efforts for the three key strategies of “Pursue Group’s comprehensive strengths,” “Promote digitalization,” and “Reform portfolio,” in order to achieve sustainable growth and enhance corporate value by maximizing the utilization of the Group’s resources, based on the Group’s Medium-Term Management Plan “Vision 2021” (from FY2018 to FY2021).
Ordinary income was ¥4,892.2 billion, due to underwriting income of ¥3,425.3 billion, investment income of ¥1,450.7 billion and other ordinary income of ¥16.0 billion. At the same time, ordinary expenses amounted to ¥4,585.7 billion, including ¥3,800.4 billion in underwriting expenses, ¥69.6 billion in investment expenses, ¥688.5 billion in operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, and other ordinary expenses amounting to ¥27.0 billion.
As a result, ordinary profit for the current fiscal year was ¥306.5 billion, reflecting a year-on-year increase of ¥148.8 billion. After adjustments to ordinary profit mainly for extraordinary income and losses and income taxes, net income attributable to owners of the parent for the current fiscal year was ¥144.3 billion, reflecting a year-on-year increase of ¥1.3 billion.
Direct Premiums Written (including Deposit Premiums from Policyholders) (Yen in millions)
Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd., respectively. Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. joined forces in aggressive sales of dashcam-based automobile insurance (Mimamoru), an automobile insurance product to support safe driving with the use of the latest telematics technologies (Note) and a dashboard camera. They also sold products that contributed to solving social issues, including products for compensating for temporary disability with coverage expanded to COVID-19, and health and productivity management support insurance to help companies with their health and productivity management and employees with improving their health. To offer new value to customers, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited enabled its MS1 Brain AI-powered agency sales support system to provide the optimal products and services at the optimal time, while Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. added the function of using AI-analyzed images to its telematics claims service. Those changes enabled the two companies to offer accident response services more speedily and appropriately.
Note: Telematics technologies
"Telematics" is a word coined by combining telecommunication with informatics. Telematics means providing information services by combining mobile units such as automobiles with telecommunication systems.
1) Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (MSI)
Net premiums written increased ¥11.6 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥1,559.5 billion, mainly attributable to growth in premiums written for fire insurance, although premiums written for compulsory automobile liability insurance decreased under the effects of reductions in premium rates. Meanwhile, net claims paid decreased ¥53.2 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥835.3 billion, mainly reflecting declines in claims paid for automobile and fire insurance. As a result, the net loss ratio dropped 3.5 percentage points from the previous fiscal year, to 59.8%. The net expense ratio rose 0.7 percentage points from the previous fiscal year, to 32.7%, as a result of an increase in commissions and collection expenses.
After taking into account movements in other items, including deposit premiums from policyholders, maturity refunds to policyholders, the provision for outstanding claims, and the reversal of underwriting reserves, underwriting profit rose ¥16.5 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥23.9 billion.
Investment income, after deducting income allocated to maturity refunds to saving-type policyholders, etc., decreased ¥3.1 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥132.6 billion, as gains on sales of securities fell ¥7.1 billion, to ¥51.1 billion. Meanwhile, investment expenses declined ¥26.6 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥6.4 billion, mainly due to a decrease in impairment losses on securities of ¥19.9 billion.
As a result, ordinary profit grew ¥42.4 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥131.6 billion. Net income decreased ¥1.8 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥92.2 billion, mainly reflecting a fall in losses on the valuation of shares of subsidiaries and associates in reaction to the effects of the international business reorganization in the previous fiscal year, which more than offset the provision for reserve for price fluctuations and a rise in income taxes.
2) Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (ADI)
Net premiums written rose ¥4.6 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥1,281.4 billion, mainly due to increases in premiums written for automobile and fire insurance, even though premiums written for compulsory automobile liability insurance decreased with the effects of reductions in premium rates. Meanwhile, net claims paid decreased ¥44.6 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥679.9 billion, chiefly reflecting declines in claims paid for automobile and fire insurance. As a result, the net loss ratio declined 3.4 percentage points from the previous fiscal year, to 58.6%. The net expense ratio climbed 0.4 percentage points from the previous fiscal year, to 34.9%, due to an increase in commissions and collection expenses.
  Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
FY2019
Share Amount (%)
Change (%)
8.4
0.3
(3.0) (6.0)
 [Key Consolidated Financial Indicators] FY2019
347,736 9.1 Other 677,583 17.7 Total ¥3,827,289 100.0
Marine 185,068 4.8
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile
1,570,344 41.0 1.3 1.4
Compulsory Automobile Liability
¥
734,573 19.2 311,984 8.2
0.4 (14.6) (0.6) (2.0) 1.7 (0.8)
(5.8) (3.9) The figures represent amounts after the elimination of internal transactions between
segments.
Direct premiums written (including deposit premiums from policyholders) are the premiums from policyholders minus the surrender benefits and other refunds to policyholders. (Includes deposit premiums from policyholders for savings-type insurance.)
¥ 757,785
190,705
293,409
1,592,952
296,911
664,078
 (Yen in millions) Change Change (%)
¥ (72,735) (2.0) (202,321) (1,146,042) (121.4)
148,823 94.4 1,368 1.0
Deposit premiums from policyholders
75,553 2.0
¥ 3,795,842
72,635
  FY2020
¥3,500,996
  Net premiums written
Life insurance premiums
Ordinary profit
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
¥3,573,732 943,721 157,701
143,030
Notes: 1.
 2.
 306,524
144,398
  Net premiums written for the domestic non-life insurance business increased, but net premiums written for the international business decreased mainly due to withdrawals from unprofitable lines of business to improve earnings in Europe and the impact of the higher yen. As a result, net premiums written declined ¥72.7 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥3,500.9 billion.
Life insurance premiums decreased ¥1,146.0 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥(202.3) billion, reflecting an increase in foreign currency insurance returns with the achievement of investment targets, influenced by developments such the Australian dollar’s appreciation and the weakening of the yen, in addition to a decrease in income from insurance premiums that primarily resulted from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Ordinary profit increased ¥148.8 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥306.5 billion, mainly attributable to a fall in impairment losses on securities posted for the domestic non-life insurance business and a rise in gains on sales of securities posted for the domestic life insurance business, which more than offset lower revenues in Europe and the life insurance business posted for the international business.
After adjustments to ordinary profit mainly for extraordinary income and losses and income taxes, net income attributable to owners of the parent rose ¥1.3 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥144.3 billion, mainly reflecting provision for reserve for price fluctuations and an increase in income taxes, which more than offset a fall in impairment losses as a reaction to the effects produced by the international business reorganization at Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited in the previous fiscal year.
In addition to the profits and losses stated the above, incurred losses (the sum of net claims paid and provision for outstanding claims), including profit insurance for compensating for losses from the shutdowns of stores and factories, emerged for the international business in the fiscal year under review under the effects of COVID-19. Meanwhile, incurred losses for automobile insurance decreased in the domestic non-life insurance business as a result of a fall in the number of traffic accidents.
Net Premiums Written
Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
(Yen in millions)
  Amount
 Marine 147,814 4.1
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile
(5.5) (8.3) 2.4 0.4
2.8 (13.3) 2.6 (3.1) 2.2 (2.0)
246,806 6.9 1,632,423 45.7
347,214 9.7 Other 609,575 17.1 Total ¥3,573,732 100.0
Compulsory Automobile Liability
¥
FY2019
Share Amount (%)
589,897 16.5
Change (%)
5.6 (3.0)
¥ 592,798
150,662
226,349
1,639,651
300,996
590,537
 ¥3,500,996
 Pursue Group’s comprehensive strengths
Promote digitalization
Reform portfolio
We strengthened competitiveness by promoting measures to improve quality and productivity, including joint initiatives of the marketing & sales divisions such as sales promotion of jointly developed products, standardization and sharing of products, services, administration, systems, etc. and an increase in efficiency of printing and logistics.
We promoted measures to build up the foundation across the entire Group, such as three initiatives contributing to enhancing the value of customers’ actual experiences (digital transformation, digital innovation and digital globalization) and development of human resources for digitalization.
We promoted reform of our risk portfolio by continuing a reduction in strategic equity holdings and natural disaster risk management utilizing reinsurance and made efforts to reform our business portfolio by dispersing and diversifying our revenue source including new investment in international businesses.
Note: The figures represent amounts after the elimination of internal transactions between segments.
 As a result of these efforts, earnings for the current consolidated fiscal year to date are as follows.
Note: The figures represent amounts after the elimination of internal transactions between
segments.
Recognition, analysis, and reviewed contents for financial performance and operating results by segment are as follows.
Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business
Efforts to expand product sales focused on the GK series at Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited and the TOUGH series at Aioi
143 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 144
Net Claims Paid
Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile
Compulsory Automobile Liability
Other
Total
¥
FY2019
Share Change Amount (%) (%)
405,830 20.0 (22.9) 81,804 4.1 (2.0)
114,146 5.6 2.9 880,237 43.4 0.9
233,215 11.5 (5.9)
(Yen in millions)
(7.2) (7.8) (1.0) (8.3)
(7.8) 1.1 (6.2)
Amount
Amount
¥ 376,673
75,439
113,025
806,808
215,043
315,258
¥1,902,248
FY2020
Share (%)
20.0
5.0
7.7
42.0
7.8
17.5
100.0
FY2020
1.9
Share (%)
16.9
4.3
6.5
46.8
8.6
16.9
100.0
FY2020
Share (%)
19.8
4.0
5.9
42.4
11.3
16.6
100.0
Change (%)
Change (%)
Change (%)
3.2
3.0
0.5
1.9
   311,978 15.4 7.1 ¥2,027,212 100.0 (4.9)
  
Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 After taking into account other items, including deposit premiums from policyholders, maturity refunds to policyholders, the provision for outstanding claims, and the provision for underwriting reserves, underwriting profit fell ¥13.6 billion from the previous fiscal year, resulting in a loss of ¥12.4 billion, mainly reflecting growth in the provision for underwriting reserves.
Investment income, after deducting income allocated to maturity refunds to saving-type policyholders, etc., decreased ¥19.1 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥62.1 billion, as interest and dividends income declined ¥4.4 billion, to ¥54.9 billion and gains on sales of securities fell ¥15.2 billion, to ¥19.8 billion. Meanwhile, investment expenses declined ¥12.8 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥7.9 billion, mainly due to a fall of ¥10.0 billion in impairment losses on securities.
As a result, ordinary profit decreased ¥26.1 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥32.4 billion. Net income dropped ¥23.1 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥21.6 billion, reflecting a rise in income taxes, even though extraordinary losses shrank with a fall in the provision for reserve for price fluctuations.
3) Domestic Non-Life Insurance Business (Mitsui Direct General)
Mitsui Direct General took initiatives to mark the 20th anniversary of its business launch, such as promoting the use of its smartphone app, in addition to renewing its TV commercials with clarity as a basic concept for expressing its commitment to staying closer to customers.
Net premiums written increased ¥0.1 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥36.4 billion. Meanwhile, net claims paid decreased ¥3.9 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥20.5 billion. The net loss ratio fell 10.7 percentage points from the previous fiscal year, to 64.2%. Commissions and collection expenses, and underwriting-related operating expenses and general and administrative expenses grew ¥1.1 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥11.4 billion. The net expense ratio increased 3.0 percentage points from the previous fiscal year, to 31.3%.
Underwriting profit rose ¥1.2 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥1.3 billion, mainly due to a decrease in incurred losses (the sum of net claims paid and provision for outstanding claims). Net income expanded ¥0.8 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥0.9 billion.
As a result, net income after taking ownership interest into account (net income by segment) increased ¥0.7 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥0.8 billion.
4) Domestic Life Insurance Business (MSI Aioi Life)
MSI Aioi Life took special measures, including allowing a grace period for premiums payments and deemed hospitalization (note), in addition to offering web interviews and building a recruitment scheme using a mail- order sales kit ahead of its competitors, as the spread of COVID-19 required a switch to new lifestyles. In addition, MSI Aioi Life won the 2020 Nikkei MJ Award in the superior products and services category, with the sales of cancer insurance by way of multi-purpose copying machines installed at convenience stores, which the company launched in June 2020. Moreover, MSI Aioi Life introduced the first AI system in the industry to offer automated voice responses to claims for hospitalization and surgical operation benefits made over the telephone in March 2021.
Note: Deemed hospitalization
Deemed hospitalization is the act of deeming medical care in places like private residences and hotels to be hospitalization under the scope of hospitalization benefits payment, in cases where such places are used for medical treatment that essentially requires hospitalization for reasons such as full bed occupancy at medical institutions.
Insurance premiums and others decreased ¥22.7 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥513.1 billion, primarily reflecting a fall in individual insurance premiums.
Ordinary profit increased ¥6.9 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥25.6 billion, chiefly attributable to a decrease in provision for underwriting reserves. Net income grew ¥4.4 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥11.9 billion.
5) Domestic Life Insurance Business (MSI Primary Life)
MSI Primary Life sold products that help customers realize their post-
retirement lifestyles with a sense of security and abundance, such as
Yasashisa, Tsunagu, whole life insurance usable for living gifts, and Ashita
No, Yorokobi 2, tontine annuity insurance (note) to prepare for longevity
risks. Further, MSI Primary Life advanced initiatives in accordance with
diversifying customer values regarding asset inheritance, including the
provision of a Social Contribution Clause that permits policyholders to
designate public interest organizations as beneficiaries.
Note: Tontine annuity insurance
Annuity insurance, in which the longer a person lives, the greater the pension he or she can receive in his or her lifetime due to the “Mechanism to reduce compensation for a deceased person and to transfer the compensation to a living person’s pension.”
Insurance premiums and others declined ¥58.7 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥892.1 billion, mainly due to the effects produced by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Ordinary profit expanded ¥128.6 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥160.0 billion, mainly reflecting a rise in gains on sales of securities from the sale of foreign currency bonds owned to prepare for returns which MSI Primary Life executed in response to an increase in foreign currency insurance contract returns with the achievement of investment targets.
Extraordinary losses of ¥100.5 billion emerged as a result of a decrease of ¥97.0 billion in extraordinary income from the previous fiscal year, attributable to the provision for reserve for price fluctuations.
Net income grew ¥22.8 billion from the previous fiscal year, to ¥43.1 billion.
6) International Business (Overseas Insurance Subsidiaries)
The Group worked to strengthen risk management in insurance underwriting, asset management, and the execution of business operations of the international business, while closely monitoring the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. It also continued to reinforce business investment and corporate governance with an eye on the sustained growth of the business, a growth driver of the Group, and the diversification of risks.
To secure a solid business foundation in the life insurance market in China where future growth is expected, the Company carried out procedures for the acquisition of equity interest (37.5%) in BoCommLife Insurance, a subsidiary of Bank of Communications Limited, one of the top five banking groups in China.
Under the new structure following the international business reorganization, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited moved ahead with the building new sales channels to capture market growth through the promotion of partnerships with companies in the digital sector in Asia. It also took steps to bolster profitability through initiatives to improve the loss ratio of automobile insurance, etc. Operational frameworks to ensure stable income earning were developed at MS Amlin entities. In particular, improvements in the profitability of general insurance risk, which had been a field of concern, were pursued through a withdrawal from unprofitable lines of business and a reduction of business expenses, while efforts were made to reinforce management structures by unearthing human assets who can drive growth in the future.
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. promoted the telematics and mobility services business, mainly in nine countries in the five geographical zones comprising Japan, the United States, Europe, China and Southeast Asia, with the addition of Thailand, France and Spain in its sales networks for driving behavior-based telematics auto insurance.
Net premiums written decreased by ¥88.3 billion over the previous fiscal year, to ¥623.5 billion, mainly due to the withdrawal from unprofitable lines of business with the aim of improving earnings in Europe, with the impact of the stronger yen also a factor.
Ordinary profit fell by ¥37.9 billion over the previous fiscal year to ¥12.8 billion, mainly due to incurred losses (the sum of net claims paid and provision for outstanding claims) from profit insurance, etc. caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the fall in profits in the international life insurance business.
Net profit/loss (segment profit/loss), after taking into account equity ownership, decreased by ¥39.3 billion over the previous fiscal year, to a loss of ¥3.1 billion.
4. CASH FLOW ANALYSIS
With regard to cash flows in the fiscal year under review, net cash flows provided by operating activities decreased by ¥991.8 billion over the previous fiscal year to ¥(323.9) billion, due in part to an increase in foreign currency insurance contracts returns of Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co. Net cash flows from investing activities increased by ¥374.2 billion over the previous fiscal year to ¥43.9 billion, due in part to an increase in income due to a decrease in money trusts and proceeds from sales and redemption of securities. In addition, cash flows provided by financial activities increased by ¥13.9 billion over the previous fiscal year to ¥79.2 billion, due in part to an increase in income from sales under repurchase agreements, despite an increase in expenditure from redemption of corporate bonds. As a result, cash and cash equivalents at the end of the fiscal year under review have decreased by ¥204.2 billion from the end of the previous fiscal year to ¥1,994.4 billion.
5. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND ISSUES TO BE ADDRESSED FROM THE BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL PERSPECTIVES
The global economy including Japan is expected to head toward a recovery, supported by the broad use of COVID-19 vaccines and government policies around the world. On the other hand, there are concerns about downside risks on the economy with the resurgence of COVID-19.
In the insurance industry, the business outlook remains uncertain with expanding COVID-19 infections and the occurrence of major natural disasters caused by the changing climate. Under these circumstances, we are expected to continuously play our role as part of the social infrastructure that supports the lives of our customers while contributing to the stability of society.
The Group will work to prevent infections among its officers and employees while promoting remote working, continue to carry out the payment of claims, insurance contracting procedures and other insurance activities, and offer products and services that meet new needs by expanding non-face-to-face business domains using digital technologies.
Fiscal 2021 will be the final year of “Vision 2021,” the Group’s medium- term management plan that started in fiscal 2018. We will continue to press forward on three key strategies, namely to “pursue the Group's comprehensive strengths,” “promote digitalization” and “reform the portfolio.” We will strive to achieve numerical targets in the medium-term management plan and establish a solid presence in business scale and quality to “become a world-leading insurance and financial services group.” Moreover, we will “create resilient systems that can swiftly respond to changes in the environment” toward the next stage of growth.
The domestic non-life insurance business is the Group’s core business and boasts the largest scale in Japan. The Group’s three unique non-life insurance companies leverage a variety of sales channels, address
the new risks arising from changes in the social structure/environment and progress in technological innovation, and provide safety and peace of mind to our customers. We will also demonstrate the Group’s comprehensive strengths to pursue further synergies, quality enhancement and productivity improvement, work to maintain and strengthen our market share in automotive insurance and profitability, improve the profitability of fire insurance, and reform our portfolio by expanding casualty insurance product lines.
Domestic life insurance is a growth business within the Group. Comprising two companies with different business models, it has the goal of achieving the highest level of growth and profitability in the industry by offering not only medical/nursing care products, as well as death benefit and other protection-type life insurance products, but also asset-building products designed to support retirement lifestyles and asset inheritance products that can be used for inheritances and living gifts.
The international business is positioned as a growth business within the Group. Capital, human resources and other management resources will be proactively invested to reinforce the existing business and develop new ones with an eye on achieving a diversification of the portfolio both geographically and by business line.
At the same time, we will strive to realize a “resilient and sustainable society,” our vision of society for 2030, through the creation of shared value (CSV). Specifically, we will collaborate with diverse stakeholders and seek to make a contribution to addressing social issues of recent worldwide concern, such as global environmental problems, as well as to overcoming new challenges to life caused by the coronavirus.
6. RISK ANALYSIS
The MS&AD Insurance Group specifies material risks that have the potential to significantly affect its financial position, operating results, and cash flows as follows.
(1) Group material risks
Viewing material risk events to be controlled by management based on the list of major risk events identified by Group companies as “Group material risks,” the Group develops a Management Action Plan and regularly monitors the status with respect to individual risk.
After a careful evaluation of the current situation, the following risk events were added to Group material risks in fiscal 2021 to strengthen control by management and the initiatives of the relevant divisions. ・Rapid development of digitalization*7
・Climate change*7
・Advance of the aging society with low birthrate*7
・Prolonged impact of COVID-19
As the impact of each of these risk events extends over many Group material risks, they are incorporated as specific risk events in “major assumed scenarios” for each Group material risk, as shown in the table below.
*7 In the integrated report for the previous business year, they were described as “Group emerging risks”.
145 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 146

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix
Data Section
  Group material risks
Major assumed scenarios
1 Occurrence of a large-scale natural catastrophe
・Occurrence of storm or flood damage and earthquakes in Japan, and storm or
flood damage in the United States
・Changes in the probability rate, scale and other aspects of the occurrence of
large-scale natural disasters that reflect the impact of climate change
・Situations in which the Group cannot properly conduct its businesses and services
due to the occurrence of large-scale natural disasters
2 Sharp fluctuations in financial markets in Japan or overseas ・Sharp declines in share prices due to the prolonged impact of COVID-19 and
concerns about a stagnation in economic activity
・Diminished asset value that had increased as a result of large-scale monetary
easing around the world
3 Substantial increase in credit risk
・Sharp declines in asset value due to confusion in credit markets
・Multiple events of default due to the prolonged impact of COVID-19 and the
deterioration of the real economy
・Declines in the value of assets held by the Group due to the materialization of
transition risks associated with businesses’ response to climate change (tightening of environmental policies and regulations, advance of post-carbon technologies, changes in demand for goods and services, increase in lawsuits, lower evaluation by society and consumers, etc.)
4 Occurrence of behavior that is detrimental to the corporate value of the Group, loss of social credibility
Note: Acts leading to significant damage to corporate value or loss of public trust include illegal activities in relation to the Group’s businesses, material labor issues (long working hours, harassment, etc.), inadequate data governance, etc. as well as acts caused by the lack of, or insufficient, customer-oriented perspective (conduct risk).
・Occurrence of any of the acts described in above (Note)
・Delay in responding to climate change within the Group, reputational damage due
to discrepancies between announced content and actual activities, etc. ・Increases in misconduct associated with the expansion of remote working
5 Occurrence of cyberattacks that cause large-scale and serious impediments to operations, information leaks, and the payment of insurance
・Stagnation in business operations or occurrence of information leaks due to
cyberattacks on the Group
・Increases in claims payment caused by cyberattacks
・Expansion of damage associated with sophisticated cyberattacks, telework,
advanced digitalization, etc.
6 Frequent occurrence of IT system failures, the occurrence of critical IT system failures and large-scale IT system development plan-related progress delays, shortfalls, budget overruns, and expected effects being unrealized
・Occurrence of a major system failure exacerbated by the effects of expansion in telework and advanced digitalization
・Delay in system development and overruns of development cost ・Stagnation in business operations due to damage to system-related facilities
caused by large-scale natural disasters, etc.
7 Pandemic of such diseases as a new strain of influenza (including the novel coronavirus)
・Contraction of economic activity associated with the spread of the pandemic ・Increases in payout of claims and benefit money
・Expansion in districts affected by infections caused by global warming and changing climate, occurrence or outbreak of new infectious diseases
・Situations in which the Group cannot properly conduct its businesses and services due to the outbreak of infectious diseases
8 Changes in the insurance market
・Significant changes in business models due to the rise of digital platform operators,
changes in the automobile insurance market due to declines in the number of traffic accidents, which is supported by progress in driving assist functions and automatic driving systems
・Significant change in market size for certain industries due to technological innovations in response to climate change and prolonged impact of COVID-19
・Changes in the insurance market associated with advance of the aging society with a low birthrate and depopulation
(2) Group emerging risks
Group emerging risks are defined as events that could affect the Group’s business from a medium- to longer-term perspective and events that management should be aware of but are difficult to measure in terms of scale and timing. We regularly monitor Group emerging risks, certain examples of which are presented as follows.
Group emerging risks
1 Emergence and rise of new frameworks and innovative technologies
that bring significant changes and innovations in the economy, consumer behavior and business models
2 Resource depletion
3 Environmental disasters (artificial pollution and accidents that cause
material damage to the environment)
4 Introduction or amendment in Japan or overseas of laws and regulations and systems that may significantly affect the Group
5 Major changes to domestic labor supply-demand
6 National governance/political turmoil, dysfunction, collapse, interstate
conflict, and Japanese security crisis
7. SOLVENCY MARGIN RATIO
Insurance companies build reserves to cover payments of insurance claims. Moreover, they must secure adequate ability to cover payments even in the event of a crisis beyond the scale of what is ordinarily forecast, such
as a major disaster or a significant decline in asset prices. An insurance company’s payment capability, including capital and reserves, is known as the solvency margin total amount, “(A)” in the tables below, and its risk amount, “(B)” in the tables below, reflects such a risk exceeding ordinary forecasts. The ratio of (A) to (B) is an index called the solvency margin ratio, “(C)” in the tables below, which is calculated based on the Insurance Business Act.
The solvency margin ratio is an objective decision-making index used by government agencies for monitoring insurance companies and insurance holding companies. A solvency margin ratio of 200% or higher is taken to indicate that an insurance company has sufficient capability to pay insurance claims and other obligations.
The status of MS&AD and its domestic insurance subsidiaries as of the end of the fiscal year under review is as follows.
MS&AD
Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions) FY2019
¥4,727,430 1,210,003 781.3%
Mitsui Direct General
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions) FY2019
¥15,305 5,809 526.9%
    FY2020
¥5,827,727
1,272,348
916.0%
 FY2020
¥16,291
5,468
595.8%
         Note: The consolidated solvency margin ratio is calculated based on the provisions in Article 210–11, 3 and Article 210–11, 4 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and in the Financial Services Agency (FSA) Public Ministerial Announcement No. 23 of 2011.
The solvency margin ratio rose 134.7 percentage points from the end of the previous consolidated fiscal year, to 916.0%, mainly due to an increase of ¥1,100.2 billion in the total solvency margin from the end of said fiscal year. The increase in the total solvency margin primarily reflected an increase in the net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) associated with the rise in the fair value of shares held.
Note: See the note for MSI “a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the
non-consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio rose 68.9 percentage points from the end of the previous fiscal year, to 595.8%, mainly due to an increase of ¥0.9 billion in the total solvency margin from the end of that fiscal year. The increase in the total solvency margin primarily reflected an increase in shareholders’ equity attributable to accumulation of net income.
       MSI
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions)
MSA Life
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions) FY2019
¥492,307 63,551 1,549.3%
    FY2020
¥490,784
68,186
1,439.5%
 FY2019
FY2020
¥3,076,392
¥3,490,583
877,260
935,111
701.3%
746.5%
           Note: The non-consolidated solvency margin ratio is calculated based on the provisions in Articles 86 and 87 of the Ordinance for Enforcement of the Insurance Business Act and Article 50 of the Notification of the Ministry of Finance 1996.
The solvency margin ratio rose 45.2 percentage points from the end of the previous fiscal year, to 746.5%, mainly due to an increase of ¥414.1 billion in the total solvency margin from the end of that fiscal year. The increase in the total solvency margin primarily reflected an increase in the net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) associated with the rise in the fair value of shares held.
Note: See the note for MSI “a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the
non-consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio declined 109.8 percentage points from the end of the previous fiscal year, to 1,439.5%, mainly due to an increase of ¥4.6 billion in the total amount of risk from the end of that fiscal year. The increase in the total amount of risk primarily reflected an increase in the amount corresponding to investment risk.
  ADI
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions) FY2019
¥1,148,081 326,916 702.3%
MSP Life
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Solvency margin total amount
(B) Risk amount
(C) Solvency margin ratio (A/(B × 1/2)) × 100
(Yen in millions) FY2019
¥546,005 146,376 746.0%
  FY2020
¥1,438,465
363,749
790.9%
  FY2020
¥711,185
134,845
1,054.8%
         Note: See the note for MSI “a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the
non-consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio rose 88.6 percentage points from the end of the previous fiscal year, to 790.9%, mainly due to an increase of ¥290.3 billion in the total solvency margin from the end of that fiscal year. The increase in the total solvency margin primarily reflected an increase in the net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) associated with the rise in the fair value of shares held and an increase in catastrophe reserves.
Note: See the note for MSI “a. Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio” regarding the
non-consolidated solvency margin ratio calculation method.
The solvency margin ratio rose 308.8 percentage points from the end of the previous fiscal year, to 1,054.8%, mainly due to an increase of ¥165.1 billion in the total solvency margin from the end of that fiscal year. The increase in the total solvency margin primarily reflected an increase in shareholders’ equity attributable to an accumulation of net income and an increase in the net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities (before tax effects) as a result of the tightening of credit spreads.
  147 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 148

Data Section
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Premiums Written and Net Claims Paid—Non-Life Insurance (Unaudited) (a) Direct Premiums Written (including deposit premiums from policyholders)
DIRECT PREMIUMS WRITTEN (FY2020)
  (Yen in millions) FY2018
(US$ in millions)
 FY2020
Amount
Change (%)
Share (%)
¥ 757,785
3.2
20.0
190,705
3.0
5.0
293,409
(6.0)
7.7
1,592,952
1.4
42.0
296,911
(14.6)
7.8
664,078
(2.0)
17.5
¥3,795,842
(0.8)
100.0
¥ 72,635
(3.9)
1.9
FY2020
Amount
$ 6,827
1,718
2,643
14,351
2,675
5,983
$34,197
$ 654
Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile Compulsory Automobile Liability Other
Total
Deposit premiums from policyholders
(b) Net Premiums Written
Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile Compulsory Automobile Liability Other
Total
(c) Net Claims Paid
Lines of Insurance
Fire and Allied
Marine
Personal Accident
Voluntary Automobile Compulsory Automobile Liability Other
Total
Amount ¥ 602,521 168,715 321,055 1,524,096 366,523 632,874 ¥3,615,785 ¥ 98,546
Amount ¥ 540,715 145,697 237,918 1,559,958 356,088 567,010 ¥3,407,389
Amount 297,850 96,981 107,937 798,736 258,465 271,905 ¥1,831,876
FY2016
Change Share (%) (%)
(8.3) 16.7
Amount ¥ 627,029 168,602 320,764 1,546,108 343,370 643,233 ¥3,649,108 ¥ 86,371
Amount ¥ 553,183 142,339 240,450 1,587,008 352,063 565,931 ¥3,440,976
Amount 378,241 82,302 106,233 841,807 252,990 273,589 ¥1,935,165
FY2017
Change Share (%) (%)
Amount ¥ 677,543 184,578 321,651 1,550,037 346,258 681,779 ¥3,761,848 ¥ 80,235
Change (%)
Share (%)
Amount
FY2019
Change (%)
Share (%)
Total ¥3,795.8 Billion
Other, 17.5%
Compulsory Automobile Liability, 7.8%
Fire and Allied, 20.0%
Marine, 5.0%
Personal Accident, 7.7%
   ¥ 734,573
8.4
19.2
185,068
0.3
4.8
311,984
(3.0)
8.2
1,570,344
1.3
41.0
347,736
0.4
9.1
677,583
(0.6)
17.7
¥3,827,289
1.7
100.0
¥ 75,553
(5.8)
2.0
27.5 0.3 3.3 2.8 20.0 4.2
4.7
4.1 (0.1) (0.1) 1.4 (6.3) 1.6 0.9
(12.4)
FY2017
Change (%)
2.3 (2.3) 1.1 1.7 (1.1) (0.2) 1.0
FY2017
Change (%)
17.2 4.6 8.8 42.4 9.4 17.6 100.0 2.4
Share (%)
16.1 4.1 7.0 46.1 10.2 16.5 100.0
Share (%)
8.1 18.0 9.5 4.9 0.3 8.6 0.3 41.2 0.8 9.2 6.0 18.1 3.1 100.0
(7.1) 2.1
8.9 42.1 10.1 17.5 100.0 (15.2) 2.7
Voluntary Automobile, 42.0%
   (Yen in millions) FY2018
(US$ in millions)
NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN (FY2020)
Total ¥3,500.9 Billion
Other, 16.9%
Compulsory Automobile Liability, 8.6%
 FY2020
Amount
Change (%)
Share (%)
¥ 592,798
0.5
16.9
150,662
1.9
4.3
226,349
(8.3)
6.5
1,639,651
0.4
46.8
300,996
(13.3)
8.6
590,537
(3.1)
16.9
¥3,500,996
(2.0)
100.0
FY2020
Amount
$ 5,341
1,357
2,039
14,772
2,712
5,320
$31,541
FY2016
Change Share (%) (%)
14.7 15.9 37.3 4.3 8.9 7.0 4.3 45.8 (0.4) 10.4 32.0 16.6 10.7 100.0
FY2016
Change Share (%) (%)
26.6 16.3 102.0 5.3 (1.3) 5.9
2.8 43.6 (0.2) 14.1 36.6 14.8 12.6 100.0
FY2019
Amount ¥ 558,427 152,333 261,273 1,593,578 337,844 594,114 ¥3,497,572
Change Share (%) (%)
0.9 16.0 7.0 4.3 8.7 7.5 0.4 45.6
Amount ¥ 589,897 147,814 246,806 1,632,423 347,214 609,575 ¥3,573,732
Amount 405,830 81,804 114,146 880,237 233,215 311,978 ¥2,027,212
Change Share (%) (%)
5.6 16.5 (3.0) 4.1
Fire and Allied, 16.9%
Marine, 4.3%
Personal Accident, 6.5%
Fire and Allied, 19.8%
Marine, 4.0%
Personal Accident, 5.9%
  (4.0) 5.0 1.6
6.9 45.7 2.8 9.7 2.6 17.1 2.2 100.0
9.6 17.0 100.0
Share (%)
39.1
1.4 3.9 4.4 5.2 3.6 40.9
(2.1) 11.6 6.4 13.7
Voluntary Automobile, 46.8%
(5.5) 2.4
  (Yen in millions) FY2018
(US$ in millions)
NET CLAIMS PAID (FY2020)
  FY2020
Amount
Change (%)
Share (%)
¥ 376,673
(7.2)
19.8
75,439
(7.8)
4.0
113,025
(1.0)
5.9
806,808
(8.3)
42.4
215,043
(7.8)
11.3
315,258
1.1
16.6
¥1,902,248
(6.2)
100.0
FY2020
Amount
$ 3,393
680
1,018
7,269
1,937
2,840
$17,137
27.0 (15.1)
24.7
¥
(1.6) 5.4 (2.1) 0.6
7.1
(4.9) 100.0
Amount 526,294 83,445 110,904 872,529 247,757 291,224 ¥2,132,155
(%) (22.9) 20.0
(2.0) 4.1 2.9 5.6 0.9 43.4
(5.9) 11.5
Change (%)
FY2019
Change Share
Total ¥1,902.2 Billion
Other, 16.6%
Compulsory Automobile Liability, 11.3%
(%)
  ¥
¥
19.5 4.3 5.5 43.5 13.1 14.1 5.6 100.0
¥
15.4
Voluntary Automobile, 42.4%
 10.2
100.0
 149
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 150

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Policies in Force and New Policies—Domestic Life Insurance (Unaudited) (a) Policies in Force
Investment Assets and Investments in Securities (Unaudited)
      (Yen in millions) FY2018
Change Change (%) Amount (%)
4.1 ¥28,117,507 (3.1) 3,094,163 11.1 8,554,605 (7.1) 305
(US$ in millions)
(a) Investment Assets
Deposits and savings
Receivables under resale agreements Monetary claims bought
Money trusts
Investments in securities
Loans
Land and buildings
Total investment assets
Total assets
(b) Investments in Securities
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Stock
Foreign securities Other securities
Total
(Yen in millions) Amount Share
¥ 1,837,978 7.9% 407,722 1.8 160,091 0.7
1,666,494 7.2 15,494,580 66.8 892,335 3.8 416,301 1.8
¥20,875,505 90.0%
¥23,196,455 100.0%
(US$ in millions)
  FY2020
 Amount
 Share
¥ 2,055,710
8.5
%
1,999
0.0
175,740
0.7
1,717,804
7.1
16,793,584
69.6
960,174
4.0
424,056
 1.8
¥22,129,071
 91.7
%
¥24,142,562
 100.0
%
 FY2020
 Amount
 $ 18,520
18
1,583
15,476
151,294
8,650
3,820
 $199,361
 $217,501
  FY2020
Amount
Change (%)
¥27,851,835
(0.7)
3,010,961
3.3
9,356,277
5.3
297
0.7
FY2020
Amount
$250,917
27,126
84,291
3
 FY2016
Change Amount (%)
¥25,813,254 6.3 3,081,777 (4.0) 7,074,353 8.5
325 (7.4)
FY2017
Amount ¥26,882,564 2,986,168 7,859,834 302
FY2019
FY2019
   Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
Amount 4.6 ¥28,056,161 3.6 2,915,890 8.8 8,888,416 1.0 294
Change (%)
(0.2) (5.8) 3.9 (3.4)
 Notes:1. The amounts of individual annuities represent the total sum of (a) the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence for the policies for which annuity payments have not yet commenced and (b) the underwriting reserves for the policies for which annuity payments have commenced.
2. The amounts of group annuities represent the underwriting reserves.
   (b) New Policies
Individual insurance
Individual annuities
Group insurance
Group annuities
Note: The amounts of individual annuities represent the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence.
 (Yen in millions) FY2018
(US$ in millions)
 FY2020
Amount
¥2,434,298
123,035
114,945
–
FY2020
Amount
$21,931
1,108
1,036
–
FY2016 Amount
FY2017 Amount
Amount ¥3,847,186 385,662 92,813 –
FY2019 Amount
¥2,773,532 177,730 96,406 –
(Yen in millions) Amount Share
¥ 3,922,433 25.3% 312,237 2.0 1,599,490 10.3 2,180,458 14.1 5,268,252 34.0 2,211,707 14.3
¥15,494,580 100.0%
(US$ in millions)
     FY2020
 Amount
 Share
¥ 4,425,106
26.3
%
281,155
1.7
1,540,300
9.2
2,892,746
17.2
5,354,450
31.9
2,299,824
 13.7
¥16,793,584
 100.0
%
 FY2020
 Amount
 $ 39,866
2,533
13,877
26,061
48,238
20,719
 $151,294
   ¥3,249,483 159,925 61,074 –
¥3,438,585 216,635 144,570 –
FY2019
     151 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 152
Note: "Other securities" consists mainly of investment trusts managed in separate accounts.

Data Section
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 Consolidated Balance Sheets
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries As of March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021
Yen Assets 2020
in millions
US$ in millions
Yen in millions 2020
US$ in millions
  2021
¥ 2,057,789
1,999
175,740
1,717,804
16,793,584
960,174
494,818
228,230
195,825
27,531
6,598
36,631
431,929
127,921
122,617
217
181,172
1,436,401
26,768
30,549
28,500
(13,498)
¥24,142,562
2021
$ 18,539
18
1,583
15,476
151,294
8,650
4,458
2,056
1,764
248
59
330
3,891
1,152
1,105
2
1,632
12,941
241
275
257
(122)
$217,501
 2021
¥18,107,028
2,256,900
15,850,128
809,093
1,602,349
160,828
241
28,256
–
244,975
244,975
34,630
28,500
21,015,905
100,276
553,428
1,078,850
2021
$163,126
20,332
142,794
7,289
14,436
1,449
2
255
–
2,207
2,207
312
257
189,332
903
4,986
9,719
(1,074)
14,534
14,688
135
(1,604)
34
13,253
9
372
28,168
$217,501
  Cash, deposits and savings
Receivables under resale agreements
Monetary claims bought
Money trusts
Securities 15,494,580 Loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Liabilities and Net Assets
Liabilities Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Bonds issued
Other liabilities
Liabilities for pension and retirement benefits Reserve for retirement benefits for officers Accrued bonuses for employees
Reserve for losses on sales of shares of associates Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation Deferred tax liabilities Acceptances and guarantees
Total liabilities
Net Assets Shareholders’ equity:
Common stock Capital surplus Retained earnings Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss):
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Accumulated actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Total accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
Stock acquisition rights Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
Land
Buildings
Lease assets Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets: Software
Goodwill
Lease assets
Other intangible fixed assets
Other assets
Assets for retirement benefits
Deferred tax assets
Customers' liabilities under acceptances and guarantees Bad debt reserve
Total assets
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
892,335 488,331 231,122 185,178
24,722 12,463 34,843
442,695 108,892 138,584
346 194,873
1,535,400 24,113 219,385 31,500
(119,267)
(178,080) 3,819
¥ 1,846,225 407,722 160,091 1,666,494
¥17,809,540 2,149,921 15,659,619 809,093 1,672,264 179,686 325 28,392 16,957 137,400 137,400 17,254 31,500 20,702,416
100,000
553,163 1,019,468
(84,432) 1,588,199
982,042 30,916
(140,106) (9,381) 863,470
1,206 41,161 2,494,038 ¥23,196,455
  1,613,287
1,630,325
14,997
(12,421) ¥23,196,455
   1,471,062
1,019
41,288
3,126,657
¥24,142,562
   153 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 154

Data Section
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 Consolidated Statements of Income
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021
Ordinary income and expenses Ordinary income:
Underwriting income:
Net premiums written
Deposit premiums from policyholders
Investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders Life insurance premiums
Other underwriting income
Investment income:
Interest and dividends income Investment gains on money trusts Investment gains on trading securities Gains on sales of securities
Gains on redemption of securities
Investment gains on separate accounts
Other investment income
Transfer of investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders
Other ordinary income:
Other ordinary income
Ordinary expenses: Underwriting expenses:
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Commissions and collection expenses Maturity refunds to policyholders Dividends to policyholders
Life insurance claims
Provision for outstanding claims Provision for underwriting reserves Other underwriting expenses
Investment expenses:
Investment losses on money trusts Losses on sales of securities Impairment losses on securities
Losses on redemption of securities Losses on derivative transactions Investment losses on separate accounts Other investment expenses
Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Interest expense
Provision for bad debt reserve
Losses on bad debts
Losses on equity method investments Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit/(loss) Extraordinary income and losses
Extraordinary income:
Gains on sales of fixed assets
Reversal of reserves under the special laws:
Reversal of reserve for price fluctuation
Gains on step acquisitions
Gains on change in equity interests
Reversal of reserve for losses on sales of shares of associates Other extraordinary income
Yen in millions US$ in millions
Yen in millions 2020
¥ 196,622 2,973 173,611
– – – –
16,957 3,080 12,505 34,420
(167,482) (133,061) 145,567
US$ in millions
       2021
¥ 120,717
6,071
1,949
107,575
107,575
3
1,685
–
3,432
201,727
93,223
(39,167)
54,056
147,670
3,272
¥ 144,398
2021
$ 1,088
55
18
969
969
0
15
–
31
1,817
840
(353)
487
1,330
29
$ 1,301
2020
¥5,168,361 4,640,584 3,573,732
75,553
39,177 943,721 8,400 511,529 304,514 64,627 55,652 118,845 4,387
– 2,679
(39,177) 16,247 16,247
5,010,660 3,749,818 2,027,212
177,354 727,409 220,697
103 376,620 19,962 196,179 4,278 512,978 47,310 18,021 39,685 310 18,547 57,457 331,646 694,618 53,244 13,363 4,456 163 30,878 4,383 157,701
51,426 4,809 35,848 35,848 6,587 2,804
– 1,377
2021 2021
¥4,892,244 $ 44,074 3,425,364 30,859 3,500,996 31,541
72,635 654
36,384 328 (202,321) (1,823)
17,669 159 1,450,793 13,070 293,587 2,645 212,824 1,917 35,605 321 233,371 2,102 2,567 23 311,765 2,809 397,456 3,581
(36,384) (328) 16,085 145 16,085 145
4,585,719 41,313 3,800,437 34,238 1,902,248 17,137
188,784 1,701 735,307 6,624 221,162 1,992
73 1 405,474 3,653 133,130 1,199 208,901 1,882
5,353 48 69,695 628 9 0 8,096 73 7,100 64 738 7 46,838 422 – – 6,911 62 688,576 6,203 27,010 243 14,599 132 1,474 13 137 1 6,601 59 4,197 38 306,524 2,761
15,920 143 7,717 70 – –
– –
– – 89 1 8,113 73
– –
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Losses on accelerated depreciation of tangible fixed assets Losses on change in equity interests
Provision for reserve for losses on sales of shares of associates Other extraordinary losses
Income/(loss) before income taxes Income taxes - current
Income taxes - deferred
Total income taxes
Net income/(loss)
Net income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interests Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
¥
2,536 143,030
      Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
 MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021
Net income/(loss)
Other comprehensive income/(loss):
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of equity method investments
Total other comprehensive income/(loss) Total comprehensive income/(loss)
Allocation:
Comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent Comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interests
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
Yen in millions 2020
¥ 145,567
(298,942) 6,101
3,001 (13,737)
721 (302,855) ¥(157,288)
¥(161,004) 3,716
US$ in millions
 2021
¥147,670
641,845
(16,184)
(47,613)
13,220
14,998
606,267
¥753,938
¥751,990
1,947
2021
$ 1,330
5,782
(146)
(429)
119
135
5,462
$ 6,792
$ 6,775
18
        155
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 156

Data Section
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
 MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2021
2020
Beginning balance
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Beginning balance (Restated)
Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Other
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year
Ending balance
(Yen in millions)
Total shareholders’ equity
2021
Beginning balance
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Beginning balance (Restated) Changes for the year:
Issuance of new stock Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Other
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year Ending balance
(Yen in millions)
   Shareholders’ equity
 Common stock
 Capital surplus
 Retained earnings
 Treasury stock
 Total shareholders’ equity
 ¥100,000
  ¥553,163
  ¥1,019,468
  ¥(84,432)
  ¥1,588,199
 –
 100,000
  553,163
  1,019,468
  (84,432)
  1,588,199
  276
 276
   552
     (85,017)
    (85,017)
 144,398
144,398
    (35,036)
 (35,036)
  (11)
  201
 189
         –
  276
 264
 59,381
 (34,835)
 25,087
 ¥100,276
  ¥553,428
  ¥1,078,850
  ¥(119,267)
  ¥1,613,287
   Common stock
¥100,000
100,000
–
¥100,000
Capital surplus
¥553,168
553,168
(5)
(5)
¥553,163
Shareholders’ equity
Retained earnings
¥ 962,385
(942)
961,442
(83,951)
143,030
(1,052)
58,026
¥1,019,468
Treasury stock
¥(32,539)
(32,539)
(52,019)
127
(51,892)
¥(84,432)
¥1,583,013
(942)
1,582,070
(83,951)
143,030
(52,019)
121
(1,052)
6,128
¥1,588,199
Total net assets
¥2,778,047 (942)
2,777,104
(83,951) 143,030
(52,019) 121
(1,052)
(289,194)
(283,065) ¥2,494,038
                              Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
                    Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
¥1,273,881 1,273,881
(291,838) (291,838)
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
¥25,168 25,168
5,747
5,747 ¥30,916
Foreign currency translation adjustments
¥(135,992) (135,992)
(4,113) (4,113)
¥(140,106)
Accumulated actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Total accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
Stock acquisition rights
¥ 785 785
421
421 ¥1,206
Non- controlling interests
¥26,743 26,743
14,418
14,418 ¥41,161
  Beginning balance
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Beginning balance (Restated) Changes for the year:
Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Other
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year
¥ 982,042 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
¥ 4,448 ¥1,167,505 –
Beginning balance
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Beginning balance (Restated) Changes for the year:
Issuance of new stock Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Other
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year
Ending balance
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
¥ 982,042
    4,448
1,167,505
982,042
      (85,017) 144,398
(35,036)
        157 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 158
(13,829) (304,034) (13,829) (304,034)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
648,283
648,283
¥1,630,325
Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
¥ 30,916
30,916
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Accumulated actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
¥(140,106) ¥(9,381) ¥ 863,470
(140,106) (9,381) 863,470
(15,918) (37,974) 13,201
(15,918) (37,974) 13,201
¥ 14,997
¥(178,080) ¥ 3,819
Total accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
607,591
607,591
¥1,471,062
–
Stock acquisition rights
¥1,206
1,206
(187) 126
(187) 126
¥1,019
Non- controlling interests
¥41,161
41,161
¥41,288
Total net assets
¥2,494,038
2,494,038
 607,530
   Ending balance
¥(9,381) ¥
863,470
632,618
  ¥3,126,657
552
189
–
–
 
Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
  2021
Beginning balance
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Beginning balance (Restated) Changes for the year:
Issuance of new stock Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Other
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year Ending balance
(US$ in millions)
(766) (316)
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and Its Consolidated Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021
I. Cash flows from operating activities:
Income/(loss) before income taxes Adjustments for:
¥
Yen in millions
2020 2021
12,505 ¥ 201,727 65,613 72,348
US$ in millions
2021 $ 1,817 652
18 106 1,111 1,811 11
(1) 1
(118) –
(31) 969
(2,645) (1,917) (2,303)
422 (2,809)
132 (3,543) (36)
59 – 14 476
(58) (202) (6,064)
3,553 (131) (276)
(2,918)
(38) (179) 19
(3,429) 4,986 (39,851)
42,878 (1,922) 1,782 (3,720)
689 (80)
1,136 (1,783) (304)
99 (517)
–
– (18) 396
–
– 895
(901) 994 933 (316) (765)
(16) (109) 714
(32) (1,840)
19,808 $17,968
   Shareholders’equity
     Common stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
Totalshareholders’ equity
            $901
$4,983
$9,184
    Depreciation
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Amortization of goodwill
Increase/(decrease) in outstanding claims
Increase/(decrease) in underwriting reserves
Increase/(decrease) in bad debt reserve
Increase/(decrease) in reserve for retirement benefits for officers
Increase/(decrease) in accrued bonuses for employees
Increase/(decrease) in reserve for losses on sales of shares of associates
Increase/(decrease) in reserve for reorganization by function
Increase/(decrease) in liabilities for pension and retirement benefits
Increase/(decrease) in reserve for price fluctuation
Interest and dividends income (304,514) Losses/(gains) on money trusts (17,299) Losses/(gains) on securities (120,868) Losses/(gains) on derivative transactions 18,547 Investment losses/(gains) on separate accounts 57,457 Interest expense 13,363 Foreign exchange losses/(gains) 319,557 Losses/(gains) on disposal of tangible fixed assets (2,319) Losses /(gains) on equity method investments 30,878 Losses /(gains) on step acquisitions (6,587) Losses/(gains) on change in equity interests (2,804) Decrease/(increase) in other assets (30,875) Increase/(decrease) in other liabilities 76,050 Other, net (22,530) Subtotal 355,302
Interest and dividends received 401,686 Interest paid (13,259) Income taxes refunded/(paid) (75,833)
Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities (a) 667,896
II. Cash flows from investing activities:
Net decrease/(increase) in deposits and savings 20,391 Purchase of monetary claims bought (18,809) Proceeds from sales and redemption of monetary claims bought 15,982 Purchase of money trusts (232,980) Proceeds from sales of money trusts 116,399 Purchase of securities (4,537,656) Proceeds from sales and redemption of securities 4,434,208 Investment in loans (226,329) Collection of loans 200,104 Net increase/(decrease) in payables under repurchase agreements (55,816) Net increase/(decrease) in payables under securities lending transactions 62,989 Other, net 11,452
Subtotal (b) (210,064)
(a + b) 457,831 Acquisition of tangible fixed assets (32,021) Proceeds from sales of tangible fixed assets 7,439 Acquisition of intangible fixed assets (78,519) Acquisition of shares of subsidiaries resulting in changes in scope of consolidation (9,715) Payments for sales of shares of subsidiaries resulting in changes in scope of consolidation (6,327) Other, net (1,152)
Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities (330,363)
III. Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from borrowings 149,381 Repayments of borrowings (167,648) Issuance of bonds 149,427 Redemption of bonds – Net increase/(decrease) in payables under repurchase agreements – Net increase/(decrease) in payables under securities lending transactions 79,080 Repurchase of treasury stock (52,019) Dividends paid to shareholders (83,861) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (1,233) Other, net (7,805)
Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 65,321
IV. Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (2,701)
V. Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 400,153
VI. Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 1,798,526
VII. Cash and cash equivalents at end of year ¥2,198,680
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
1,949 11,712 123,275 201,047 1,202
(84) 115
(13,143) –
(3,475)
107,575 (293,587) (212,815) (255,609)
46,838 (311,765) 14,599 (393,298)
(3,949) 6,601
– 1,595 52,791
(6,415) (22,378) (673,140)
394,404 (14,566) (30,609)
(323,912) (4,198)
(19,828) 2,127
(380,662) 553,405
(4,423,413) 4,759,491
(213,370) 197,834 (412,965)
76,465 (8,842) 126,042
(197,869) (33,696) 10,954 (57,407)
–
– (1,967)
43,925
–
– 99,321
(100,000) 110,343 103,510
(35,036) (84,928) (1,829) (12,102) 79,278
(3,537) (204,245)
2,198,680 ¥1,994,434
                      (316)
173,611 12,737 (67,233)
186,053 3,145
(88) 461
13,143 (6,498) (10,352) (35,848)
                        Beginning balance
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Beginning balance (Restated) Changes for the year:
Issuance of new stock Dividends paid
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Other
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes for the year
Ending balance
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
(766) 1,301
(316)
                    159 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 160
$ (761) $14,308
  (761) 14,308
–
    901
4,983
9,184
      2
2
5
 (766)
  1,301
1,301
   (0)
2
2
  –
    2
   $903
$4,986
2
535
$9,719
(314) 226
    8,847
5,840
5,840
$14,688
279
(1,262) (85) 7,779
(143) (342) 119
(143) (342) 119
$ 135
$(1,604) $ 34
5,474
5,474
$13,253
$(1,074) $14,534
 Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
         Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
$ 8,847
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
$ 279
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Accumulated actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
$(1,262) $(85) $ 7,779
Total accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)
–
Stock acquisition rights
$11
11
Non- controlling interests
(2) 1
(2) 1
$9
$371
371
$372
Total net assets
$22,469
22,469
5,473
5,699
$28,168
–
5
2
–

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and its Consolidated Subsidiaries As of and for the years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
1. Basis of presentation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been translated from the consolidated financial statements of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. (“the Company”) prepared in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Rules of Corporate Accounting, the Enforcement Regulations of the Japanese Insurance Business Act and related rules, and regulations applicable to the non-life insurance industry in general, and in conformity with accounting principles and practices generally accepted in Japan, which may differ in certain respects from accounting principles and practices generally accepted in countries and jurisdictions other than Japan. In preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements, certain additional information has been provided for the consolidated financial statements issued domestically in order to present them in a form that is more familiar to readers outside Japan.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements are expressed in Japanese yen. As permitted by the regulations under the Rules of Corporate Accounting, amounts are rounded down to the nearest million of Japanese yen, except for those stated otherwise. As a result, the total amounts in Japanese yen shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements do not necessarily agree with the sums of the individual amounts.
Solely for the convenience of readers, the accompanying consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2021 have been translated into US dollar at the rate of ¥111=US$1, the approximate exchange rate on the Tokyo foreign exchange market on the last business day of March 2021. Such translation should not be construed as presentations that the Japanese yen amounts have been, should have been, or could in the future be, converted into US dollar at that or any other rate.
“Subsidiary” and “Associate” appearing in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto refer to those defined in Article 2 of the Rules of Corporate Accounting.
2. Scope of consolidation
(2) Unconsolidated subsidiaries
Major unconsolidated subsidiaries are as follows:
MS&AD Grand Assistance Co., Ltd. MS&AD Systems Company, Limited
Certain subsidiaries including the above subsidiaries are not consolidated, as they are not considered to have any impact on, in all material aspects, the consolidated financial conditions and business performance, in view of the size of their total assets, ordinary income, net income and retained earnings attributable to the Company.
3. Application of equity method
(1) Number of associates accounted for under the equity method 14 companies
Major associates accounted for under the equity method are as follows:
Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company, Limited Challenger Limited
Changes in scope of application of equity method
As Max Financial Services Limited, BoCommLife Insurance Company Limited and one other company became associates due to the acquisition of shares and other reasons, these companies have been included in the scope of application of the equity method during the year ended March 31, 2021.
As ReAssure Group Plc and one other company ceased to be associates due to the sale of shares and other reasons, these companies have been excluded from the scope of application of the equity method during the year ended March 31, 2021.
(2) Other affiliates, including unconsolidated subsidiaries and associates (e.g. MS&AD Grand Assistance Co., Ltd. and Zenkankyo Small Amount and Short Term Insurance Holdings, Ltd.), are stated at cost as their effects on the consolidated net income and retained earnings are not considered material, individually and in aggregate.
(3) The Company holds 29.9% voting rights of Japan Earthquake Reinsurance Company, Limited (“Japan Earthquake Re”) through MSI and ADI. However, Japan Earthquake Re is not included as an affiliate since the Company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial decisions of Japan Earthquake Re in view of its public nature.
4. Fiscal year of consolidated subsidiaries
The fiscal year end of 77 overseas consolidated subsidiaries is December 31, which is different from that of the Company. The Company uses the financial statements as of their latest fiscal year end for consolidation purposes since the intervening period does not exceed three months from its fiscal year end.
The Company makes adjustments to incorporate significant transactions occurred during the intervening period that materially affect the consolidated financial statements.
                   (1)
Number of consolidated subsidiaries 84 companies
Major consolidated subsidiaries are as follows:
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI”)
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company, Limited (“ADI”)
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSAL”) Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSPL”) MSIG Holdings (U.S.A.), Inc.
MS Amlin Corporate Member Limited
MS Amlin Underwriting Limited
MS Amlin AG
MS Amlin Insurance SE
MSIG Insurance (Malaysia) Bhd.
Changes in scope of consolidation
Leadenhall Capital Partners GP Limited has been included in the scope of consolidation since the year ended March 31, 2021 as they have become the Company’s subsidiaries due to the acquisition of shares.
AUA Insolvency Risk Services Limited and three other companies ceased to be subsidiaries due to the sale of shares and other reasons. As a result, these companies have been excluded from the scope of consolidation during the year ended March 31, 2021.
      161
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 162

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
    5. Accounting policies
(1) Valuation policies and methods of securities (including those included in Cash, deposits and savings, and Monetary claims bought as set forth in the Enforcement Regulations of the Japanese Insurance Business Act)
(i) Trading securities are valued at their year-end market prices. Cost of sales is calculated using the moving average method. For certain overseas consolidated subsidiaries, cost of sales is calculated using the first-in, first-out method.
(ii) Held-to-maturity securities are valued at amortized cost.
(iii) Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associates that are not accounted for under the equity method are valued at cost determined by the moving average method.
(iv) Debt securities and money trusts earmarked for underwriting reserves are valued at amortized cost determined by the moving average method in accordance with Industry Audit Committee Report No. 21 “Temporary Treatment of Accounting and Auditing Concerning Debt Securities Earmarked for Underwriting Reserve in the Insurance Industry” (issued by the Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants on November 16, 2000).
A summary of the risk management policy for debt securities and money trusts earmarked for underwriting reserves is as follows:
To effectively manage risks of variability in interest rates related to assets and liabilities, MSAL establishes subgroups of “individual insurance” that meet certain criteria for each type of insurance and investment policy, as well as applies the investment policy and cash allocation policy reflecting their characteristics. In addition, MSAL periodically assesses whether the durations of the debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves fall within a certain range from those of the underwriting reserves in each subgroup.
To effectively manage risks of variability in interest rates related to assets and liabilities, MSPL establishes subgroups of “individual insurance and individual annuities” that meet certain criteria for each currency, as well as applies the investment policy and cash allocation policy reflecting their characteristics. In addition, MSPL periodically assesses whether the durations of the debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves fall within a certain range from those of the underwriting reserves in each subgroup.
(v) Available-for-sale securities (except for those without practically determinable fair value) are valued at their year-end market prices.
Net unrealized gains and losses are reported as a separate line item of net assets. For foreign currency bonds held by certain consolidated subsidiaries, changes in fair values due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates are reported in net unrealized gains and losses in net assets, while the remaining changes are reported as foreign exchange gains and losses in the consolidated financial statements of income. Cost of sales is calculated by the moving average method.
(vi) Available-for-sale securities without practically determinable fair value are valued at cost using the moving average method.
(vii) Money trusts specifically managed for the Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries for trading purposes are valued at fair value.
Money trusts specifically managed for the Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries, other than those held for trading purposes, held to maturity or earmarked for underwriting reserves, are valued on the same basis as available-for-sale securities.
(2) Valuation policies and methods of derivative financial instruments Derivative financial instruments are valued at fair value.
(3) Depreciation methods of significant depreciable assets
(4) Accounting policies for significant reserves
(i) Bad debt reserve
For domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, bad debt reserve is established under the internal standards for self-assessment of assets and the policy for write-off and provision.
Bad debt reserve for loans to debtors who are legally deemed to be insolvent due to bankruptcy or special liquidation, or whose notes are under suspension at clearing houses, and loans to debtors who are deemed to be substantially insolvent is provided based on the outstanding balance remaining after deducting the resale value of collateral and the amount collectible through guarantees.
Bad debt reserve for loans to debtors who are likely to become insolvent in the future is provided based on the outstanding balance remaining after deducting the resale value of collateral, the amount collectible through guarantees and the amount expected to be repaid by the debtors considering their overall ability to pay.
For loans other than those described above, bad debt reserve is calculated by multiplying the outstanding balances by the historical bad debt ratios.
Bad debt reserve for all loans and receivables is provided based on the assessment under the internal standards for self-assessment of assets. The assessment is performed by the departments responsible for the respective assets and the results are reviewed by independent internal audit departments.
For other domestic consolidated subsidiaries, bad debt reserve is established under their internal standards for self-assessment of assets and policies for provision similar to those of the domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries.
For overseas consolidated subsidiaries, bad debt reserve is established based on the assessment of collectability of individual receivables.
(ii) Reserve for retirement benefits for officers
Reserve for retirement benefits that covers the cost of services rendered by officers and operating officers of MSI and MSAL up to the year ended March 31, 2005, the date on which the retirement benefit plans for officers were terminated, is established to provide for their future retirement benefits (including pension).
(iii) Accrued bonuses for employees
Accrued bonuses for employees are determined based on the estimated amounts to be paid at the year-end to provide for future bonuses for employees and operating officers.
(iv) Reserve for losses on sales of shares of associates
Reserve for losses on sales of shares of associates is established to provide for possible losses to be incurred due to the changes in the market value of listed shares which will be received as a consideration for the sale of shares of associates based on the sales contract. The amount of reserve is determined as a difference between expected amount of consideration and the carrying amount at the current year end.
(v) Reserve for price fluctuation
For the domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, the reserve for price fluctuation is recognized under Article 115 of the Japanese Insurance Business Act to provide for possible losses arising from price fluctuation of investment assets such as equity securities.
(5) Accounting for retirement benefits
(i) Attribution method of retirement benefits over the service period
In computing retirement benefit obligations, the estimated retirement benefits are attributed to the periods up to the current year using the plan’s benefit formula.
(ii) Accounting for actuarial gains and losses
Actuarial gains and losses are amortized, commencing from the following year, using the straight-line method over a certain number of years (primarily 10 - 11 years) that do not exceed the expected average remaining service period of employees at the time of occurrence.
   163
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 164
(i) (ii)
Depreciation of tangible fixed assets is computed using the straight-line method.
Intangible fixed assets are amortized by the straight-line method. Capitalized software for internal use is amortized by the straight-line method over its estimated useful life.

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 (6) Translation of foreign currency assets and liabilities
Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities of the Company are translated into Japanese yen using the spot exchange rate prevailing at the year end. The foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the translation are recognized in earnings. Foreign currency assets and liabilities of overseas consolidated subsidiaries are translated into Japanese yen using the spot exchange rate prevailing at their respective year ends, while shareholders’ equity is translated at the historical rates. Income and expenses of overseas consolidated subsidiaries are translated into Japanese yen using the average exchange rate for the year. Differences arising from such translations are included in Foreign currency translation adjustments and Non-controlling interests in Net Assets.
(7) Accounting for consumption taxes
Consumption taxes received or paid by the Company and its major domestic consolidated subsidiaries are not included in income or expenses, except for those related to Loss adjustment expenses and Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses incurred by the domestic consolidated non-life insurance subsidiaries. Consumption taxes excluded from income and expenses are recorded at the net amount on the balance sheet.
Non-deductible consumption taxes are recognized as expenses for the period, except for those related to the purchase of depreciable fixed assets that are not charged to expenses but deferred as Other assets and amortized over a period of 5 years on a straight-line basis.
(8) Hedge accounting
Under Japanese GAAP, several methodologies are allowed for hedge accounting. Two fundamental approaches are the deferred hedge method and the fair value hedge method. Under the deferred hedge method, gains and losses on changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments are deferred and accounted for as a separate line item of net assets. Under the fair value hedge method, which is allowed only with respect to available-for-sale securities being the hedged items, gains and losses on changes in fair value of the hedging instruments are recognized in earnings together with the corresponding gains and losses of the hedged items attributable to the risks being hedged.
In addition, for certain derivative financial instruments, alternative treatments are permitted under Japanese GAAP. Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and hedged by foreign exchange forward contracts or currency swaps can be accounted for by the allocation method. Under this method, the foreign exchange forward contracts and currency swaps used as hedging instruments are not measured at fair value since gains and losses on the derivatives are assumed to be offset with changes in fair value of the corresponding hedged items, and hedged items are translated at the foreign exchange rates that are stipulated in the foreign exchange forward contracts or currency swaps (hedging instruments). Interest rate swaps that qualify for hedge accounting and meet specific matching criteria are not remeasured at fair value, but the differentials paid or received under the swap agreements are recognized and included in interest expense or income of the hedged items (the exceptional method).
For certain domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, gains and losses on equity forward contracts used for hedging risks of variability in the fair value of investments in equity securities are accounted for under the fair value hedge method. Gains and losses on currency swap contracts and certain foreign exchange forward contracts used for hedging risks of variability in foreign exchange rates on foreign currency assets are accounted for under the deferred hedge method, the fair value hedge method or the allocation method. Gains and losses on currency swap contracts used for hedging risks of variability in foreign exchange rates on foreign currency bonds issued by MSI are accounted for under the allocation method.
Gains and losses on interest rate swap contracts used for hedging risks of variability in interest rates of loans, bonds and borrowings are accounted for under the deferred hedge method or the exceptional method when they meet certain criteria.
Gains and losses on interest rate and currency swap contracts used for hedging risks of variability in foreign exchange rates and interest rates on foreign currency borrowings are accounted for under the integrated method when they meet certain criteria. The integrated method is to hedge foreign currency risks and interest rate risks using the allocation method and the exceptional method, respectively.
Hedge effectiveness is assessed quarterly by comparing cumulative fluctuations in fair value or cash flows of the hedged items and hedging instruments for the periods from the respective start dates of the hedges to the assessment dates. When the hedged items and the hedging instruments are highly and clearly interrelated, when the interest rate swap transactions meet the criteria for the application of the exceptional method, or when the interest rate and currency swap contracts meet the criteria for the application of the integrated method, hedge effectiveness is not assessed.
(9) Accounting for insurance contracts
Domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries account for insurance contracts related items including insurance premiums, outstanding claims and underwriting reserves in accordance with the Japanese Insurance Business Act and related rules. Overseas consolidated insurance subsidiaries apply either International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) or US generally accepted accounting principles for the items in accordance with Practical Solution on Unification of Accounting Policies Applied to Foreign Subsidiaries, etc. for the Consolidated Financial Statements (ASBJ Practical Issues Task Force (“PITF”) No. 18 revised on June 28, 2019).
6. Goodwill
Goodwill is amortized using the straight-line method over a period of 15 to 20 years. Insignificant amounts of goodwill are charged to expenses as incurred.
7. Accounting estimates
(1) Impairment losses on goodwill
(i) Amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2021
In the consolidated balance sheet of the Company for the current year, goodwill of ¥122,617 million was recognized. In addition, goodwill related to equity-method affiliates of ¥43,303 million was included in securities therein.
(ii) Details of accounting estimates (a) Measurement approach
For goodwill whose invested amount is not recoverable due to decline of profitability, an impairment loss should be recognized by reflecting its recoverability under certain conditions. In accordance with “Accounting Standard for Impairment of Fixed Assets” (ASBJ Statement, August 9, 2002), if there is any indication of impairment such as consecutive net losses and/or deterioration of business environment, the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries (Collectively “the Group”) determine whether an impairment loss should be recognized by comparing total undiscounted future cash flows with the carrying amount for the business concerned. When it is determined that an impairment loss should be recognized, the carrying amount of goodwill is reduced to its recoverable amount and an impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which goodwill is reduced.
The recoverable amount represents present value of future cash flows expected to be derived from continuing use of the asset and from its disposal thereafter and the amount of an impairment loss relies on estimated future cash flows based on reasonable assumptions and projections.
(b) Effects on the consolidated financial statements for the next year
An impairment loss may be incurred if the profitability of a business declines and estimated future cash flows are significantly decreased as a result of changes in business environment of the business concerned.
(2) Outstanding claims
(i) Amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2021
In the consolidated balance sheet of the Company for the current year, outstanding claims of ¥2,256,900 million were recognized. Of this amount, outstanding claims of non-life insurance business accounted for a substantial portion.
(ii) Details of accounting estimates
In accordance with the provisions set forth in Article 117 of the Japanese Insurance Business Act as well as Articles 72 and 73 of the Enforcement Regulations of the Japanese Insurance Business Act, domestic consolidated subsidiaries recognize outstanding claims which represent the estimated amount of unpaid claims for the losses that have incurred or deemed to have incurred under insurance contracts. Overseas consolidated subsidiaries apply similar methods for recording outstanding claims.
(a) Measurement approach
The Group individually recognized expected claims payments for reported claims based on the details of reported loss events, insurance contract terms and claim investigations. For incurred but not reported claims, the Group recognized expected claims payments based on the estimated ultimate losses determined in consideration of the past experience of claims payments in the previous years.
(b) Effects on the consolidated financial statements for the next year
The amounts of insurance claim payments and outstanding claims may differ from their current estimates due to the development of claim investigations, outcome of litigations and changes in foreign exchange rates.
            165 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 166

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Specifically, uncertainty over the estimate of outstanding claims has been increasing, as natural disasters has become more severe and frequent both within and outside Japan in the recent years, and payment obligations have been growing overseas for certain business interruption claims due to the spread of COVID-19.
8. Change in accounting policy
From the year ended March 31, 2020, International Financial Reporting Standard (“IFRS”) 16 “Leases” has been adopted by overseas consolidated subsidiaries that apply IFRS. As a result, lessees generally recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for all leases at the lease commencement date.
In accordance with the transitional measures of IFRS 16, the Company has adjusted retained earnings for cumulative effects of the adoption at the beginning of the year ended March 31, 2020.
The effects of this adjustment on ordinary income and income before income taxes for the year ended March 31, 2020 were immaterial. The effects of the changes on the beginning balance of the year ended March 31, 2020 were an increase in lease assets of ¥23,875 million and a decrease in other tangible fixed assets of ¥653 million among tangible fixed assets, increases in lease assets of ¥7 million among intangible fixed assets, other liabilities of ¥24,172 million and a decrease in retained earnings of ¥942 million. As for the items of Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended March 31, 2020, net cash used in operating activities decreased by ¥4,334 million and net cash used in financing activities increased by ¥4,334 million.
9. Change in presentation
(Application of “Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates”)
The Group has applied “Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates” (ASBJ Statement No. 31, March 31, 2020) from the year ended March 31, 2021 and notes related to significant accounting estimates are included in the consolidated financial statements.
The note does not include information for the prior consolidated fiscal year in accordance with the transitional provision set out in paragraph 11 of the Accounting Standard.
10. Cash and cash equivalents on the consolidated statements of cash flows
In preparing the consolidated statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents constitute cash on hand, readily available deposits and short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities not exceeding three months.
11. Additional information
(Accounting treatments related to the adoption of the consolidated tax return filing system)
The Company and certain domestic consolidated subsidiaries have decided to adopt the consolidated tax return filing system from the year ending March 31, 2022. Accordingly, from the year ended March 31, 2021, the Company and certain domestic consolidated subsidiaries applied an accounting treatment based on the adoption of a consolidated tax filing system in accordance with “Practical Solution on Tentative Treatment of Tax Effect Accounting under the Consolidated Taxation System (Part 1)” (ASBJ PITF No. 5, January 16, 2015) and “Practical Solution on Tentative Treatment of Tax Effect Accounting under the Consolidated Taxation System (Part 2)” (ASBJ PITF No. 7, January 16, 2015).
As a result, Income taxes - deferred for the year ended March 31, 2021 decreased by ¥20,282 million.
(Application of tax effect accounting for the transition from the consolidated tax return filing system to the group tax sharing system)
With regard to the items subject to the transition to the group tax sharing system established under the “Act on Partial Revision of the Income Tax Act, etc.” (Act No. 8 of 2020) and a review of the non-consolidated tax return filing system in line with the transition to the group tax sharing system, the Company and certain domestic consolidated subsidiaries have not applied the provisions of Paragraph 44 of the “Implementation Guidance on Tax Effect Accounting” (ASBJ Guidance No. 28, February 16, 2018) and have recorded the amounts of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities based on the provisions of the tax laws before the revision, as allowed by the treatment in Paragraph 3 of the “Treatment of Tax Effect Accounting for the Transition from the Consolidated Taxation System to the Group Tax Sharing System” (ASBJ PITF No. 39, March 31, 2020).
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
1. The amounts of accumulated depreciation and accelerated depreciation of tangible fixed assets are as follows:
  March 31, 2021
 399,742
13,431
  Accumulated depreciation Accelerated depreciation
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
399,393 13,610
    Note: As permitted under Japanese tax legislation for the purpose of deferral in recognizing taxable income, the acquisition cost of certain qualifying properties is reduced to offset the taxable income that resulted from the sales of assets to be replaced by the acquired assets or receipts of governmental subsidies provided for the acquisition of the new assets. The total amounts deducted from the original acquisition cost of the qualifying properties as of March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021 were ¥13,610 million and ¥13,431 million, respectively.
Accelerated depreciation deducted from the original acquisition cost due to receipts of governmental subsidies during the years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021 were nil and ¥3 million, respectively.
2. The carrying amounts of equity investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associates are as follows:
    March 31, 2021
 27,995
237,290
19,426
 284,712
  Securities (Domestic stocks) Securities (Foreign securities) Securities (Other securities)
Total
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
30,138 293,110 17,212
340,461
       3. The amounts of loans to borrowers in bankruptcy, overdue loans, loans overdue for three months or more, and restructured loans are as follows:
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
Loans to borrowers in bankruptcy 43 Overdue loans 177 Loans overdue for three months or more 299 Restructured loans 1,165
Total 1,685
Note: Loans to borrowers in bankruptcy represent those, excluding any part of bad debts that have been written off, on which accrued interest receivables are not recognized because repayments of the principal or interest have been overdue for considerable periods and regarded uncollectible (hereinafter, this category is referred to as “Loans not accruing interest”) and which meet the conditions prescribed in Article 96, Section 1-3 or 1-4 of the Corporation Tax Act Enforcement Ordinance (Cabinet Order No. 97, 1965).
Overdue loans represent loans not accruing interest excluding (a) loans to borrowers  in bankruptcy and (b) loans that have been granted a grace period for interest payments in order to assist the debtors’ operational restructuring or financial recovery.
Loans overdue for three months or more represent those of which the principal or interest has been past due for three months or more after the contractual due date for repayments of the principal or interest. The loans to borrowers in bankruptcy and overdue loans are excluded from this category.
Restructured loans represent those that have been granted favorable terms for the benefit of the debtors, such as interest exemption or reduction, a grace period for interest payments, a grace period for principal repayments or forgiveness of debts for the purpose of the restructuring of, or support to the debtors in financial difficulty. The loans to borrowers in bankruptcy, overdue loans and loans overdue for three months or more are excluded from this category.
  March 31, 2021
  –
201
277
1,088
 1,567
                 4. The amounts of pledged assets are as follows:
Pledged assets:
Cash, deposits and savings Money trusts
Securities
Total
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
3,638
2,241 846,152
852,032
  March 31, 2021
 4,361
2,280
562,337
 568,979
    Note: The amounts in the above table primarily consist of collateral assets required for payables under repurchase agreements included in Other liabilities, for international operations and for Real Time Gross Settlement of the current account with the Bank of Japan.
The amounts of those repurchase agreements included in Other liabilities are as follows:
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
412,965
  March 31, 2021
 110,343
    167 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 168

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 5. The amounts of securities loaned under securities lending agreements are as follows:
For details of derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied, please refer to “Significant Accounting Policies, 5. Accounting policies, (8) Hedge accounting”.
Derivative transactions involve risks associated with fluctuations in fair value of derivative financial instruments, risks of non-performance resulting from insolvency of counterparties and market liquidity risks. Derivative transactions utilized by the Group are also exposed to these risks. However, market risks associated with derivative transactions utilized for the purpose of hedging are mitigated, as changes in the fair value of hedged items and hedging instruments offset each other. To mitigate credit risks arising from the non-performance of counterparties, most of the Group’s derivative transactions are executed only with select counterparties of high credit quality and diversified among various counterparties. Furthermore, under Credit Support Annex (“CSA”), the Group obtains collateral from counterparties.
(iii) Risk management structure related to financial instruments
The Group manages risks in accordance with the basic policy for risk management and internal policies for asset management risks, which stipulate the definition of risks and management method established by the Board of Directors. At major domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, the trading department is segregated from the backoffice and risk management departments, and maintains a structure that enables to exercise organizational checks and balances on a daily basis. The risk management department assesses, analyzes and manages risks related to financial instruments by quantifying market and credit risks using the Value-at-Risk (“VaR”) method and risk limit management based on asset and liability position, and regularly reports the results to the Board of Directors.
(a) Market risk management
The Group maintains and operates a risk management structure taking into account the characteristics of each financial instrument in accordance with its internal policies for market risk management. In addition to monitoring of risk amount by quantifying risks using the VaR method as described above, major domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries manage market risks through the assessment of potential risks that cannot be identified using the VaR method, analysis of sensitivity of existing assets to changes in interest rates, stock prices and foreign exchange rates and analysis of concentration and weakness of portfolio.
(b) Credit risk management
The Group maintains and operates a risk management structure in accordance with its internal policies for credit risk management. For securities and derivative transactions at major domestic consolidated insurance subsidiaries, the trading and risk management departments manage credit risks of security issuers and derivative counterparties by regularly monitoring the credit information and fair values associated with the investment assets. For loans at MSI, ADI and MSPL, the trading and risk management departments maintain a credit risk management structure through credit screening, setting internal credit ratings and credit limits, managing credit information, requiring collaterals and guarantees where necessary, and resolving delinquent loans on an individual loan basis.
(c) Liquidity risk management
The Group maintains and operates a funding and market liquidity risk management structure in accordance with internal policies for liquidity risk management. The Group’s treasury management classifies funding needs into “ordinary” and “emergency” depending on the urgency level and oversees operation and management for the liquidity in each level, which gives the foremost consideration to the liquidity risk. The treasury management also ensures the diversification of fundraising activities to secure and maintain liquidity in various environments. The Group manages funding liquidity risks by holding a sufficient amount of cash, savings and deposits, and highly liquid securities such as government bonds, and regularly monitoring their aggregate amounts in case of unexpected events like catastrophes and the deterioration of funding liquidity arising from turmoil in the financial markets.
(iv) Supplementary explanation of matters related to the fair value of financial instruments and other information
The fair value of financial instruments is determined based on market prices and, when market prices are not available, based on reasonable estimates. In determining fair value, certain assumptions and methods are used, thus the fair value may differ if alternative assumptions are applied.
(2) Supplementary information on fair value of financial instruments
The following tables summarize the carrying amounts on the consolidated balance sheets and the fair values of financial instruments as of March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021 together with their differences. The following tables exclude financial instruments in which the fair values are not practically determinable (see Note 2).
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
573,550
  March 31, 2021
 737,523
     6. The amounts of assets received as collateral under loan agreements, etc. which the Company has the right to sell or repledge are as follows:
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
Securities 144,617 Commercial papers – Note: All securities and commercial papers in the above table have not been resold or repledged, and are held by the Company and its subsidiaries.
7. The amounts of assets and liabilities in separate accounts under Article 118 of the Japanese Insurance Business Act are as follows:
  March 31, 2021
 41,934
 1,999
       Yen in millions March 31, 2020
2,024,281
  March 31, 2021
 2,060,062
     8. Guarantees on transactions conducted by a limited partnership entity are as follows:
MSI provides guarantees on transactions conducted by a limited partnership entity. Aggregate net present value of these transactions was ¥112,259 million and ¥65,565 million, respectively in a negative liability position as of March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021. These amounts were not included in Customers’ liabilities under acceptances and guarantees or Acceptances and guarantees since there was no substantial exposure.
9. The unutilized balances of commitment lines to third parties are as follows:
10. Information on financial instruments
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
12,655
  March 31, 2021
 16,362
     (1)
Qualitative information on financial instruments
169
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 170
(i)
(ii)
Policy on financial instruments
The Group applies Asset and Liability Management policies to maintain stability of investment returns, safety of assets and sufficient liquidity under an appropriate risk management framework to attain sustainable growth of the net asset value. In addition, the Group is exposed to investment risks such as market risks and credit risks and manages those risks in accordance with the risk management policies of the Group and each group company.
The Group’s cash inflows which mainly arise from insurance operations and investment activities are affected by changes in external environment such as occurrences of natural disasters and changes in financial market conditions. To enhance efficiency of funds operations and strengthen financial capacity under such changing conditions, the Group undertakes to raise funds through the issuance of long-term or short-term corporate bonds or other financing methods as the needs arise.
Details of financial instruments and associated risks
The Group’s financial assets mainly consist of securities including domestic bonds, domestic stocks and foreign securities, loans and other financial instruments. Risks pertaining to investments include market risks, credit risks, market liquidity risks and other risks. Market risks arise from fluctuations in interest rates, stock prices, foreign exchange rates and other market indicators. Credit risks arise from the deterioration in the financial condition of security issuers and counterparties of loans. Market liquidity risks represent the risks that investment assets are forced to be sold at extremely unfavorable prices under turmoil in the financial markets.
The Group utilizes derivative transactions represented by interest rate swaps, interest rate options, bond future contracts, equity index options, equity index future contracts, equity forward contracts, foreign exchange forward contracts, currency swaps, currency options, and interest rate and currency swaps for the purpose of hedging risks such as fluctuations in interest rates, stock prices and foreign exchange rates. In addition, the Group utilizes credit derivatives, weather derivatives and catastrophe derivatives to generate investment returns with consideration given to the associated risks.

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 March 31, 2020
(i) Cash, deposits and savings
(ii) Receivables under resale agreements
(iii) Monetary claims bought
(iv) Money trusts
(v) Securities:
Trading securities
Held-to-maturity securities
Debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves Investments in associates
Available-for-sale securities
Carrying amount
1,846,225 407,722 160,091
1,666,494
2,889,688 1,099,432 2,402,920
With regard to deposits and savings, the fair value is measured at the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at interest rates applicable to the same type of new deposits and savings based on duration. With regard to deposits and savings without fixed maturities and short-term deposits and savings, the book value is deemed as the fair value due to their demand feature or short term duration.
(ii) Receivables under resale agreements
With regard to Receivables under resale agreements, the book value approximates the fair value since they are scheduled to be settled within a short period.
(iii) Monetary claims bought
With regard to commercial papers (“CP”), the price quoted by counterparty financial institutions is deemed as the fair value. With regard to certain CP, the book value approximates the fair value since they are scheduled to be settled within a short period. With regard to Monetary claims bought other than CP, the price quoted by counterparty financial institutions is deemed as the fair value.
(iv) Money trusts
With regard to Money trusts, the price quoted by trustees is deemed as the fair value.
(v) Securities
The fair value of equity securities is determined based on the quoted market price, while the fair value of bonds is determined based on the price quoted by exchanges, independent price venders or counterparty financial institutions.
(vi) Loans
With regard to floating rate loans, the book value approximates the fair value contingent on no significant changes in the credit conditions of the debtor, because the floating rates on the loans reflect market interest rates. With regard to fixed rate loans, for loans sorted by type, term and credit rating, the fair value is based on the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at market interest rates, such as yields on government bonds, plus a credit spread. The fair value of certain personal loans is determined at the net present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at interest rates applicable to the same type of new loans.
With regard to policy loans that do not have contractual maturities, as the loan amount is limited to the surrender value, the carrying amount approximates the fair value, considering their estimated repayment periods and interest rates.
With regard to loans to debtors that are legally or substantially bankrupt and loans to doubtful debtors, the carrying amount less bad debt reserve is deemed as the fair value, because the bad debt reserve is determined based on the present value of the estimated future cash flows or the value of the collateral and the amount collectible through guarantees.
Liabilities
Bonds issued
With regard to Bonds issued, the fair value is determined based on “Reference Statistical Prices for OTC Bond Transactions” published by the Japan Securities Dealers Association or prices quoted by counterparty financial institutions.
Derivative transactions
With regard to derivative transactions, the fair value is determined based on published forward exchange rates, closing prices at major exchanges, prices quoted by counterparty financial institutions, etc.
51,732 8,560,362 (vi) Loans 892,335
Bad debt reserve (*1) (104)
892,231
Total assets 19,976,903
Bonds issued 809,093
Total liabilities 809,093
Derivative transactions (*2):
Hedge accounting not applied 26,945 Hedge accounting applied 4,592
Total derivative transactions 31,538
(*1) Bad debt reserve for loans is deducted from the carrying amount.
(*2) Derivative assets and liabilities included in Other assets and Other liabilities, are presented on a net basis. Debits and credits
Yen in millions
Fair value Difference
1,846,892 666 407,722 – 160,091 –
1,666,494 –
2,889,688 – 1,315,739 216,307 2,613,059 210,138
29,796 (21,935) 8,560,362 –
923,010 30,778
20,412,858 435,954
802,081 (7,011)
802,081 (7,011)
26,945 – 4,592 –
31,538 –
arising from derivative transactions are netted.
Yen in millions
Fair value Difference
Determination of fair value of financial instruments
(Note 1)
Assets
(i) Cash, deposits and savings
          March 31, 2021
(i) Cash, deposits and savings
(ii) Receivables under resale agreements
(iii) Monetary claims bought
(iv) Money trusts
(v) Securities:
Trading securities
Held-to-maturity securities
Debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves Investments in associates
Available-for-sale securities
(vi) Loans
Bad debt reserve (*1)
Total assets
Bonds issued
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions (*2):
Hedge accounting not applied
Hedge accounting applied Total derivative transactions
Carrying amount
  2,057,789
 2,058,555
 765
1,999
1,999
–
175,740
175,740
–
1,717,804
1,717,804
–
2,900,644
2,900,644
–
1,218,781
1,400,491
181,710
2,295,541
2,367,903
72,362
78,742
156,628
77,886
9,828,797
9,828,797
–
960,174
(73)
   960,101
 987,893
 27,792
 21,235,942
21,596,460
360,517
 809,093
 818,950
 9,857
 809,093
 818,950
 9,857
   12,705
12,705
–
(25,330)
 (25,330)
 –
 (12,624)
 (12,624)
 –
          (*1) (*2)
Bad debt reserve for loans is deducted from the carrying amount.
Derivative assets and liabilities included in Other assets and Other liabilities, are presented on a net basis. Debits and credits total is presented in parentheses.
arising from derivative transactions are netted, and a net debt in
171
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 172

Data Section
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix
Data Section
 (Note 2) The carrying amounts of financial instruments in which the fair values are not practically determinable, which are not included in “(v) Securities” above, are as follows:
Yen in millions
 March 31, 2021
Cash, deposits and savings Receivables under resale agreements Monetary claims bought
Securities:
Held-to-maturity securities: Government bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities
Debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves: Government bonds
Municipal bonds
Corporate bonds
Foreign securities
Available-for-sale securities with fixed maturities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities
Loans (*)
Total
Within 1 year
Over 1 to 5 years
Over 5 to 10 years
Over 10 years
  2,026,524
 28,335
-
  850
1,999
-
-
-
159,509
-
1,287
14,121
-
59,400
109,600
900,200
-
23,502
9,600
81,300
-
1,073
703
1,961
-
-
-
1,308,000
400
-
-
6,200
3,900
4,200
5,250
102,900
10,026
398,953
363,368
62,280
56,750
463,220
283,750
940,584
7,388
50,945
106,907
84,648
138,328
659,319
340,765
137,973
145,823
869,584
848,274
298,601
101,379
 509,835
 185,220
 97,674
 2,652,030
 3,068,368
 2,254,726
 4,037,294
    March 31, 2021
 205,970
91,576
88,791
39,608
45,130
 471,077
  Unlisted stocks and other assets invested in unconsolidated subsidiaries and associates Other unlisted stocks
Unlisted investment trusts
Unlisted convertible bonds
Partnership investments comprising unlisted stocks
Total
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
288,728 90,625 72,750
- 38,338
490,442
  The fair value of the financial instruments in the above table is not disclosed because their fair value is not practically determinable due to lack of marketability and difficulties in reasonably estimating future cash flows.
(Note 3) Maturity analysis of monetary assets and securities with fixed maturities
Yen in millions
 March 31, 2020
Cash, deposits and savings Receivables under resale agreements Monetary claims bought
Securities:
Held-to-maturity securities: Government bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities
Debt securities earmarked for underwriting reserves: Government bonds
Municipal bonds
Corporate bonds
Foreign securities
Available-for-sale securities with fixed maturities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities
Loans (*)
Within 1 year
1,814,338 407,722 142,299
- 2,300
-
-
- 400 6,182
91,590
12,443 168,308 134,510 102,182
Over 1 to 5 years
22,942 -
-
28,100 23,502 1,145
- 400 9,421 493,344
480,290 45,878 719,422 738,015 353,035
2,915,498
Over 5 to 10 years
- 700
--
1,350
121,400 9,600 750
-
- 1,750 792,960
316,490 117,962 328,660 663,334 264,950
2,619,209
15,958
805,300 81,300 2,093
862,500 6,600 110,100 74,099
891,214 101,541 107,144 242,649 100,410
3,401,612
(*) The amounts in the above table do not include ¥202 million of loans in which repayments cannot be expected since the debtors are legally bankrupt, substantially bankrupt or likely to go bankrupt, and ¥66,054 million of loans without fixed maturities.
Over 10 years
   (Note 4) Maturity analysis of bonds issued
March 31, 2020
Bonds issued (*) Total
March 31, 2021
Yen in millions
 Within 1 year –
–
Within 1 year
Over 1 to 2 years
– 22,000
– 22,000
Over 3 to 4 years –
–
Over 4 to 5 years
100,000
100,000
Over 4 to 5 years
Over 5 years
586,191 586,191
Over 5 years
Over 2 to 3 years
       Yen in millions
 Over 1 to 2 years
Over 2 to 3 years
Over 3 to 4 years
 –
   22,000
 –
   100,000
 –
   586,191
 –
 22,000
 –
 100,000
 –
 586,191
    Total 2,882,278
Bonds issued (*)
Total
(*) The amounts in the above table do not include ¥100,902 million of bond issued without fixed maturities.
  (*) The amounts in the above table do not include ¥297 million of loans in which repayments cannot be expected since the debtors are legally bankrupt, substantially bankrupt or likely to go bankrupt, and ¥71,721 million of loans without fixed maturities.
11. Certain consolidated subsidiaries own investment properties in Tokyo and other areas. The carrying amounts and fair value of the investment properties are as follows:
  March 31, 2021
 77,113
 141,853
  Carrying amount
Fair value
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
74,981
138,674
  173 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 174
Notes:
1. Carrying amount represents the acquisition cost less accumulated depreciation.
2. Fair value is primarily determined based on the appraisal values provided by qualified external appraisers. With respect to the properties with no substantial changes in their appraisal values or
indices that were considered to appropriately reflect market prices since most recent appraisal dates, the fair value is determined based on these appraisal values or the values adjusted by the relevant indices.

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 12. Business combination
For the year ended March 31, 2020
(d) Legal form of business combination Acquisition of shares
(e) Company name after the business combination PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk
(f) Ratio of acquired voting rights
Ratio of voting rights owned by MSI immediately before the acquisition: 50%
Ratio of voting rights acquired additionally by MSI on the date of business combination: 30% Ratio of voting rights after the acquisition: 80%
(g) Grounds for deciding on the acquiring company
As a result of the acquisition of additional shares, MSI has gained substantial control of the acquired company.
Period of the acquired company’s financial result included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company
The fiscal year end of the acquired company is December 31, which is different from that of the Company. The Company uses the financial statements as of the acquired company’s latest fiscal year end for consolidation purposes since the intervening period does not exceed three months from its fiscal year end. Financial results from January 1, 2019 to June 30, 2019 were recorded as gains on equity method investments.
(1)
Transaction under common control (Transfer of third sector long-term contracts)
Based on the Agreement on Reorganization by Function concluded on September 27, 2013 between the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI”), Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company, Limited (“ADI”) and Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Company, Limited (“MSAL”), MSI and MSAL as well as ADI and MSAL concluded the Absorption-type Company Split Agreement on June 28, 2018 and completed the Simple Absorption-type Company Split on April 1, 2019. The purpose of the agreement is to transfer the long-term contracts of the third sector insurance market held by MSI and ADI to MSAL.
(i) Overview of the transaction
(a) Name and description of the subject business
Business related to the long-term contracts of the third sector insurance market held by MSI and ADI
(b) Date of business combination
April 1, 2019
(c) Legal form of business combination
Simple absorption-type company split where MSI and ADI are designated as the splitting companies and MSAL as the successor company
(d) Acquiring company name after the business combination
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Company, Limited
(e) Other items regarding overview of the transaction
By centralizing the product supply function in MSAL, the Group aims to realize efficient operations through further improvement of level of customer support and concentration of management resources, demonstrate the Group’s comprehensive strength, and enhance customer satisfaction, its ability to grow and generate profits.
(ii) Overview of the accounting treatment applied
The Company applied “Accounting Standard for Business Combination” (ASBJ Statement No. 21, January 16, 2019) and “Revised Guidance on Accounting Standard for Business Combinations and Accounting Standard for Business Divestitures” (ASBJ Guidance No.10, January 16, 2019) for the treatment of transaction under common control.
Business combination through acquisition
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, acquired additional shares of PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk (“Sinarmas”), an equity method affiliate of the Company. As a result of this transaction, Sinarmas became a consolidated subsidiary.
(ii)
(iii)
(iv)
(v)
Acquisition cost and consideration of the acquired company
Fair value on the date of business combination of shares held by MSI immediately before the business combination
Consideration (Cash) for shares additionally acquired by MSI
Acquisition cost
Difference between acquisition cost and aggregate acquisition cost of transactions Gains on step acquisitions ¥6,587 million
Amount of goodwill, reason for recognizing goodwill, amortization method and the period
(a) Amount of goodwill
3.2 trillion rupiah
(b) Reason for recognizing goodwill
6.3 trillion rupiah 3.8 trillion rupiah
10.1 trillion rupiah
  (2)
(i)
Overview of the transaction
(a) Name and description of business of the acquired company
Name: PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk Description of business: Life insurance business
(b) Main reasons for business combination
Indonesia’s life insurance market is expected to grow further in the future therefore the Company acknowledges Sinarmas as a strategic business base and intends to expand its business in cooperation with the Sinarmas Group, a strategic partner as well as a shareholder of Sinarmas.
(c) Date of business combination
July 8, 2019 (deemed acquisition date: July 1, 2019)
The amount of investments under the Share Acquisition Agreement exceeded the net amount of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. (c) Amortization method and the period
Amortized on a straight-line basis over 15 years
Amount of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, together with major components, on the date of the business combination unit:trillion rupiah
Total assets 17.3 (Securities 11.8) (Intangible fixed assets 2.1)
Total liabilities 8.7 (Policy liabilities 7.2)
(vi)
      175
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 176

(vii)
Approximate impact on the consolidated statements of income and its calculation method, assuming that the business combination had been completed on the commencement date of the year
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 1. The presentation of Life insurance premiums
Life insurance premiums are presented at an amount of insurance premiums revenue less cash surrender value or withdrawals (hereinafter referred to as “surrender benefits”) and ceding reinsurance premiums paid.
For the year ended March 31, 2021, the total of surrender benefits and ceding reinsurance premiums paid exceeded insurance premiums revenue and this account was presented in a negative amount.
2. The amounts of gains/(losses) on derivative transactions to reduce the currency risks of foreign currency reinsurance transactions, included in other underwriting income/(expenses), are as follows:
Yen in millions
For the year ended March 31, 2020
(56)
3. The amounts of foreign exchange gains/(losses) included in other investment income/(expenses) are as follows:
Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 Life insurance premiums
Ordinary profit
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
(Yen in millions) 2,922 210 (104)
(Calculation method for approximate impact)
These amounts of approximate impact on the Company’s consolidated statements of income represent the difference between the life insurance premiums, ordinary profit and net income attributable to owners of the parent calculated assuming that the business combination had been completed on the commencement date of the year, and their corresponding amounts in the consolidated statements of income of the acquired company. The amortization of intangible fixed assets including goodwill is calculated assuming that intangible fixed assets were recognized at the time on the commencement date of the year. These notes have not been audited.
  For the year ended March 31, 2021
 800
   (3)
Transaction under common control (Reorganization of international business)
On January 1, 2020, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited (“MSI”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, reorganized its international business (“international business reorganization”) and transformed to a structure whereby international subsidiaries are placed under MSI’s direct management, along with the termination of the regional holding company framework.
(i) Overview of international business reorganization
MSI designates 15 overseas subsidiaries as directly owned subsidiaries by acquiring subsidiaries’ shares held by the regional holding companies through in-kind dividends. MSI completed the acquisition of shares of 9 companies for the year ended March 31, 2020 and plans to acquire shares of remaining 6 companies in the following years, subject to approval by relevant authorities.
  For the year ended March 31, 2021
 395,788
     For the year ended March 31, 2021
 697,860
 302,091
  Major subsidiaries for which MSI completed the acquisition are as follows:
Name of company acquired
MS Amlin Corporate Member Limited
MS Amlin AG
MS Amlin Insurance SE
MSIG Insurance (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
(ii) Purpose of international business reorganization
4. Major components of business expenses are as follows:
Commission expenses
Salaries
Yen in millions
For the year ended March 31, 2020
(320,697)
Yen in millions
For the year ended March 31, 2020
699,841
306,163
 Description of business
Non-life insurance business
Non-life insurance business
Non-life insurance business
Non-life insurance business
Date of acquisition
January 1, 2020
January 1, 2020
January 1, 2020
February 28, 2020
Note: Business expenses represent the aggregate amount of Loss adjustment expenses, Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, and Commissions and collection expenses presented in the consolidated statements of income.
5. Losses on equity method investments
For the year ended March 31, 2020
Losses on equity method investments includes ¥36,629 million of accelerated amortization of goodwill associated with Challenger Limited which was recorded in accordance with the provisions set forth in Paragraph 9 of “Practical Guidelines on Accounting Standards for Equity Method” (JICPA Accounting Practice Committee Statement No. 9) and Paragraph 32 of “Practical Guidelines on Accounting Standards for Capital Consolidation Procedures in Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements” (JICPA Accounting Practice Committee Statement No. 7).
      The purpose of the reorganization is to establish a system to further utilize skills and networks each group company has across regions and to accelerate decision-making speed for speedy business operations so that the Company can build future growth base and robust governance system as called for in the Medium-term Business Plan “Vision 2021” in light of environmental changes and challenges surrounding the international business.
(iii) Overview of the accounting treatment applied
The Company applied “Accounting Standard for Business Combination” (ASBJ Statement No. 21, January 16, 2019) and “Revised Guidance on Accounting Standard for Business Combinations and Accounting Standard for Business Divestitures” (ASBJ Guidance No.10, January 16, 2019) for the treatment of transaction under common control.
13. The amounts of net assets per share are as follows:
Net assets per share (in ¥)
Stock acquisition rights deducted from net assets (in ¥ million) Non-controlling interests deducted from net assets (in ¥ million) Outstanding common shares (in thousands)
March 31, 2020
4,308.37 1,206 41,161 569,047
 March 31, 2021
 5,525.42
1,019
41,288
558,210
    177 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 178

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 6. Impairment losses recognized on fixed assets are as follows:
Fixed assets used for the insurance business operations are grouped as a single asset group by each insurance company. Other assets such as investment properties, idle real estate and assets for sale are grouped on an individual basis.
Due to the disposal in the near future and other reasons, the carrying amounts of the assets in the above table were reduced to recoverable amounts, and the aggregate difference between them was recognized as impairment losses on fixed assets under Extraordinary losses.
The recoverable amounts of assets to be disposed represent their net sales value, which are determined based on the appraisal value provided by qualified appraisers.
7. Details of Other extraordinary income are as follows:
For the year ended March 31, 2020
Other extraordinary income represents reversal of reserve for reorganization by function.
8. Details of Other extraordinary losses are as follows:
For the year ended March 31, 2020
For the year ended March 31, 2020
Use
Investment properties
Idle real estate and real estate for sale and others
Others
–
–
Category
Buildings
Land and buildings
Software
Goodwill,
other intangible fixed assets, etc.
Goodwill,
other intangible fixed assets, etc.
Description
2 properties, including a building for rent in Ibaraki
16 properties, including an office building in Kagawa
Software related to the insurance business held by overseas consolidated subsidiaries
Lloyd’s business conducted by MS Amlin plc through the affiliated company
European direct insurance business conducted by MS Amlin plc through the affiliated company
Yen in millions Impairment losses on fixed assets
Breakdown
0 Buildings 0
598 Land 66 Buildings 531
     1,059 Software
Buildings Lease assets Other tangible
159,233 fixed assets Software
Goodwill Other intangible fixed assets
Other tangible fixed assets
12,720 Software Goodwill
Other intangible fixed assets
1,059
1,249 2,273
2,593
8,096 75,320
69,699
  136 Other extraordinary losses represent expenses related to reorganization of international business. 862
2,202 For the year ended March 31, 2021
  Fixed assets used for the insurance business operations are grouped as a single asset group by each insurance company. Other assets such as properties, idle real estate and assets for sale are grouped on an individual basis.
9,517 investment
Other extraordinary losses represent expenses related to additional retirement benefits due to the personnel reduction at overseas consolidated subsidiaries.
9. Total Income taxes
For the year ended March 31, 2020
MSI has decided to dispose of shares in MS Amlin plc after acquiring subsidiaries’ shares held by MS Amlin plc and MSIG Holdings(Asia) Pte. Ltd. through in-kind dividends, and a part of the acquisitions has been completed.
As a result, income taxes decreased by ¥166,737 million due to the decrease in taxable income and recognition of deferred tax assets for deductible temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries.
10. The amounts of net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share are as follows:
As the investment properties, idle real estate and assets for sale in the above table were to be disposed in the near future or their demolition has determined, the carrying amounts of the assets were reduced to recoverable amounts, and the aggregate difference between them was recognized as impairment losses on fixed assets under Extraordinary losses.
The recoverable amounts of assets to be disposed represent their net sales value or value in use. The net sales value is determined based on the appraisal value provided by qualified appraisers or the assessment of inheritance tax using roadside land prices while value in use is determined as zero.
For software related to the insurance business held by overseas consolidated subsidiaries, impairment loss is recognized for the portion where the effects of decrease in expense in future are no longer assured due to the revision of software development plans and other reasons.
Non-life insurance business conducted by MS Amlin plc through affiliated companies had been treated as one asset group, however along with the elimination of regional holding company and the transformation to a structure under MSI’s direct management, the Lloyd’s business, the European direct insurance business, and the reinsurance business were treated as individual asset groups.
As the Lloyd’s business and the European direct insurance business were less profitable than expected when acquired, carrying amounts of goodwill and other intangible fixed assets were reduced to their recoverable amounts and the reduced amounts were recognized as impairment losses on fixed assets under Extraordinary losses. The recoverable amounts were measured at net sales value for buildings and lease assets, and measured at value in use of zero for other assets. The net asset value was determined based on the appraisal value provided by qualified appraisers.
been
 For the year ended March 31, 2021
 255.79
 255.65
   For the year ended March 31, 2021
 144,398
 564,504
 313
 MS Amlin plc changed its trade name to MS Amlin Limited as at December 3, 2019.
Basic net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share (in ¥) Diluted net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share (in ¥)
Note: The basis of calculation is as follows:
Net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent (in ¥ million)
Average outstanding common stock during the year (in thousands of shares)
Increase in number of common stock used for calculation of diluted net income/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent (in thousands of shares)
For the year ended March 31, 2020
248.36 248.22
For the year ended March 31, 2020
143,030 575,887
313
For the year ended March 31, 2021
Use
Investment properties
Idle real estate and real estate for sale and others
Category
Buildings
Land and buildings
Description
3 properties, including a building for rent in Ibaraki
Yen in millions Impairment losses on fixed assets
   Breakdown
   121
Buildings
121
1,828
Land Buildings
1,263 565
 14 properties, including a training center in Kanagawa
 179 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 180

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 1. Reclassification adjustments and income tax effects of other comprehensive income/(loss)
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS
  2021
 986,229
(97,555)
 888,674
(246,828)
 641,845
 (12,354)
(10,238)
 (22,593)
6,408
 (16,184)
 (47,613)
 17,684
910
 18,594
(5,374)
 13,220
 17,118
(2,119)
 14,998
 606,267
  Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities: Gains/(losses) arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before income tax effect adjustments Income tax effects
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on securities
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges: Gains/(losses) arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before income tax effect adjustments Income tax effects
Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments: Gains/(losses) arising during the period
Actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits: Gains/(losses) arising during the period Reclassification adjustments
Before income tax effect adjustments Income tax effects
Actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of equity method investments: Gains/(losses) arising during the period
Reclassification adjustments
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of equity method investments
Total other comprehensive income/(loss)
Yen in millions 2020
(358,657) (63,100)
(421,757) 122,815
(298,942)
18,271 (9,688)
8,582 (2,481)
6,101
3,001
(17,792) (1,389)
(19,182) 5,444
(13,737)
(3,530) 4,252
721
(302,855)
For the year ended March 31, 2020
1. Type and number of issued stock and treasury stock
Issued stock: Common stock
Total
Treasury stock: Common stock
Total
Beginning balance
593,291
593,291
9,580
9,580
in thousands of shares
Increase Decrease
- - - -
14,701 37
14,701 37
Ending balance
593,291 593,291
24,244 24,244
               Notes:
1. The increase in the number of treasury common stock during the year was 14,701 thousand shares, as a result of open market repurchases of 14,688 thousand shares and repurchases of 13
thousand fractional shares.
2. The decrease in the number of treasury common stock during the year was 37 thousand shares, which is due to exercise of stock acquisition rights of 36 thousand
shares and sales of 0
Yen in millions Ending balance 1,206 1,206
Effective date
June 25, 2019
December 4, 2019
Effective date
June 26, 2020
thousand fractional shares.
2. Stock acquisition rights
    Category
Filer
Total
Breakdown
Stock acquisition rights as stock options
       3. Dividends
(1) Dividends paid
Resolution
General shareholders’ meeting held on June 24, 2019
Board meeting held on November 19, 2019
Type of shares
Common stock
Common stock
Aggregate amount of dividends (Yen in millions)
40,859
43,092
Dividends per share (in Yen)
70
75
Date of record
March 31, 2019
September 30, 2019
      Note: Date of record is the date to determine shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends.
   (2) Dividends declared effective after March 31, 2020 for which the date of record is in the year ended March 31, 2020
Resolution
General shareholders’ meeting held on June 25, 2020
Type of shares
Common stock
Aggregate amount of dividends (Yen in millions)
42,678
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Dividends per share (in Yen)
75
Date of record
March 31, 2020
    181
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 182
Note: Date of record is the date to determine shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends.

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix
Data Section
 For the year ended March 31, 2021
1. Type and number of issued stock and treasury stock
Issued stock: Common stock
Total Treasury stock:
Common stock Total
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
1. Reconciliation of balance sheet items to cash and cash equivalents
Cash, deposits and savings
Receivables under resale agreements
Monetary claims bought
Securities
Time deposits exceeding three months and deposits pledged as collateral Monetary claims bought other than cash equivalents
Securities other than cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents
  2021
 2,057,789
1,999
175,740
16,793,584
(206,668)
(68,790)
(16,759,220)
 1,994,434
  in thousands of shares
Yen in millions 2020
1,846,225 407,722 160,091
15,494,580 (202,120) (52,132) (15,455,687)
2,198,680
   Beginning balance
Increase
Decrease
Ending balance
    593,291
 181
 -
593,473
 593,291
181
-
593,473
   24,244
 11,076
 58
35,263
 24,244
 11,076
 58
35,263
        Notes:
1. The increase in the total number of common stock issued and outstanding during the year was 181 thousand shares, as a result of the issuance of stocks with restrictions on transfer.
2. The increase in the number of treasury common stock during the year was 11,076 thousand shares, as a result of open market repurchases of 11,064 thousand shares and repurchases of 12
thousand fractional shares.
3. The decrease in the number of treasury common stock during the year was 58 thousand shares, which is due to exercise of stock acquisition rights of 57 thousand shares and sales of 0
 thousand fractional shares.
2. Stock acquisition rights
Category Filer
Total
3. Dividends
(1) Dividends paid
Resolution
General shareholders’ meeting held on June 25, 2020
Board meeting held on November 19, 2020
Breakdown
Aggregate amount of dividends (Yen in millions)
Yen in millions Ending balance
Effective date
Effective date
2. Major components of assets and liabilities of newly consolidated subsidiaries due to acquisition of shares
For the year ended March 31, 2020
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, acquired additional shares of PT. Asuransi Jiwa Sinarmas MSIG Tbk (“Sinarmas”), an equity method affiliate of the Company. As a result of this transaction, Sinarmas became a consolidated subsidiary of the Company. The following summarizes the recognized amount of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and the relationship between the acquisition cost of shares and the expenditure for the acquisition (net) at the acquisition date:
   Stock acquisition rights as stock options
 1,019
   1,019
        Type of shares
Dividends per share (in Yen)
Date of record
Securities
Intangible fixed assets Other assets
Goodwill
Policy liabilities
Other liabilities
Total liabilities
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Non-controlling interests
Investments accounted for using the equity method prior to the acquisition of shares Gains on step acquisitions
Acquisition cost of Sinarmas’ shares
Less: Cash and cash equivalents held at Sinarmas
Net consideration paid for acquisition of Sinarmas
3. Cash flows from investing activities include those from investments made as part of the insurance business.
Yen in millions 91,036 16,623 25,657
133,316 25,370
(55,916) (11,285) (67,201)
(962) (13,222) (41,725) (6,587)
28,987 19,272 9,715
  Common stock
 42,678
 75
 March 31, 2020
 June 26, 2020
 Common stock
  42,338
  75
  September 30, 2020
  December 7, 2020
    Note: Date of record is the date to determine shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends.
(2) Dividends declared effective after March 31, 2021 for which the date of record is in the year ended March 31, 2021
  Resolution
General shareholders’ meeting to be held on June 28, 2021
Type of shares
Aggregate amount of dividends (Yen in millions)
Source of dividends
Dividends per share (in Yen)
Date of record
    Common stock
 44,656
Retained earnings
 80
  March 31, 2021
  June 29, 2021
     Note: Date of record is the date to determine shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends.
183 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 184

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix Data Section
 Independent Auditor’s Report
   Independent Auditor’s Report To the Board of Directors of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.:
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “the Group”), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2020 and 2021, the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in net assets and cash flows for the years then ended, and notes, comprising a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Group as of March 31, 2020 and 2021, and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audits of the consolidated financial statements in Japan, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Reasonableness of the estimate of outstanding claims related to non-life insurance contracts
that are deemed to have incurred but not reported as of the end of each reporting period, based on its estimate of ultimate losses.
The result of the estimate is dependent upon the
selection of actuarial estimation methods and data used for estimate. In selecting the estimation methods, the
risk characteristics of insurance contracts, including the frequency of loss events and the length of time from the occurrence of an event to its settlement, are required to
be considered. In addition, the historical data used for
the estimate needs to be calibrated as appropriate in consideration of environmental changes that could affect future insurance claim payments and losses larger in scale than those normally expected, among others. Therefore, the selection of estimation methods, as well as the consideration of whether calibration of the historical data used were necessary, and the selection of methods to apply calibrations all required a high degree of professional judgement by management.
Furthermore, uncertainty over the estimate of outstanding claims has been increasing, as natural disasters have become more severe and frequent both within and outside Japan in recent years, and as payment obligations have been growing overseas for certain business interruption claims due to the spread of COVID-19.
We, therefore, determined that our assessment of the reasonableness of the estimate of outstanding claims related to non-life insurance contracts was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period, and accordingly, a key audit matter.
In the consolidated balance sheet of the Group as of March 31,2021, goodwill of ¥122,617 million was recognized.
In addition, the amount representing goodwill related to equity-method affiliates of ¥43,303 million was included in securities.
As described in Note 7, “Accounting estimates (1) Impairment losses on goodwill,” to the consolidated financial statements, a test needs to be performed
to determine whether an impairment loss should be recognized whenever there is an indication that goodwill may be impaired.
The Group determines whether there is any indication
included the following:
We assessed the reasonableness of the actuarial estimation methods selected by management by inspecting relevant materials documenting the basis for selecting those methods, examining consistency with the risk characteristics of insurance contracts, comparing the methods with established actuarial practice, comparing
the estimates in the prior years with actual results, and performing a trend analysis on the historical results.
We assessed the reasonableness of management’s judgment as to whether the data should be calibrated, as well as the selection of methods to apply calibrations, by inquiring of management about reasons for calibrating data used for the estimate, and examining the consistency with available information, including external information.
For MSI, ADI, AUL, and AAG, in particular, we assessed the reasonableness of the estimated ultimate losses from natural disasters, which they have underwritten, considering the nature and scale of disasters, the historical experiences up to the time of estimate, as well as a trend of actual claims from similar natural disasters occurred in the previous years.
For AUL and AAG, in particular, we assessed the reasonableness of the estimated ultimate losses due to COVID-19 considering the historical experiences up to the time of estimate, insurance contract terms and conditions, and legal judgments on their responsibility for claim payments.
The primary procedures we performed to assess the appropriateness of management’s judgment as to whether there was an indication that goodwill may be impaired included the following:
(1) Internal control assessment
We assessed the design and operating effectiveness of certain of the Group’s internal controls relevant to the process of determining whether there is an indication that goodwill may be impaired. In this assessment, we focused our testing on controls to prevent and/or detect determinations on whether there is any impairment indicator, which are not made on reasonable grounds.
(2) Assessment of the appropriateness of the judgment concerning the identification of an impairment indicator The primary procedures we performed to assess the appropriateness of management’s judgment concerning
  The key audit matter
In the consolidated balance sheet of the Group as of March 31, 2021, outstanding claims of ¥2,256,900 million were recognized. Of this amount, a substantial portion was attributable to the non-life insurance contracts under the domestic non-life insurance business operated by its consolidated subsidiaries, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited (hereinafter, “MSI”) and Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Company, Limited (hereinafter, “ADI”), under the Lloyd’s business operated by MS Amlin Underwriting Limited (hereinafter, “AUL”), and under
the reinsurance business operated by MS Amlin AG (hereinafter, “AAG”).
As described in Note 7, “Accounting estimates (2) Outstanding claims,” to the consolidated financial statements, outstanding claims represent the estimated amount of unpaid claims for losses that have incurred or are deemed to have incurred under insurance contracts. The Group recognizes outstanding claims for expected payments arising from reported losses as well as losses
How the matter was addressed in our audit
The primary procedures we performed to assess the reasonableness of the Group’s estimate of the outstanding claims related to non-life insurance contracts are set forth below. We requested the component auditors of AUL and AAG to perform audit procedures for the outstanding claims of AUL and AAG and we evaluated the results of those procedures reported.
(1) Internal control assessment
We assessed the design and operating effectiveness of certain of the Group’s internal controls relevant to recognizing the outstanding claims at MSI, ADI, AUL and AAG. In this assessment, we focused our testing on controls to assess the reasonableness of the selection of estimation methods and the calibration of data used for the estimate.
(2) Assessment of the reasonableness of the estimated ultimate losses
The primary procedures we performed with the assistance of actuarial specialists within our firm and network firms to assess the reasonableness of the estimated ultimate losses
  185 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 186

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix Data Section
  of impairment by comprehensively considering, among others, whether the businesses, to which goodwill
has been allocated, have reported a net loss for two consecutive years and/or their business environments have significantly deteriorated. Especially when a business incurred a loss or underperformed compared to the business plan used as the basis for its valuation at the time of acquisition, significant management judgment is involved in determining whether such a decline in performance
or failure to achieve that business plan is considered a significant deterioration of its business environment.
We, therefore, determined that our assessment of the appropriateness of management’s judgment as to whether there was an indication that goodwill may be impaired
was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period, and accordingly, a key audit matter.
the identification of an impairment indicator, particularly with respect to the judgment as to whether the business environment of the business, to which goodwill has been allocated, has deteriorated, included the following:
We inspected the materials of management meetings
and inquired of management to understand the business environment for each business, and assessed the appropriateness of management’s judgment as to whether there was any business whose results have deteriorated or failed to achieve its business plan; and
For businesses with a significant amount of goodwill, if they underperformed compared to the business plans used
as the basis for their valuation at the time of acquisition,
we analyzed the causes of variances, and assessed the appropriateness of management’s judgement as to whether the failure to achieve those business plans was considered a significant deterioration of their business environment.
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
Evaluate whether the presentation and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements are in accordance with accounting standards generally accepted in Japan, the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with corporate auditors and the board of corporate auditors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. We also provide corporate auditors and the board of corporate auditors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with corporate auditors and the board of corporate auditors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Convenience Translation
The U.S. dollar amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to the year ended March 31, 2021 are presented solely for convenience. Our audit also included the translation of yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts and, in our opinion, such translation has been made on the basis described in Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
Interest required to be disclosed by the Certified Public Accountants Act of Japan
We do not have any interest in the Group which is required to be disclosed pursuant to the provisions of the Certified Public Accountants Act of Japan.
Hiroyuki Yamada
Designated Engagement Partner Certified Public Accountant
Ikuo Hirakuri
Designated Engagement Partner Certified Public Accountant
Fumito Hirose
Designated Engagement Partner Certified Public Accountant
KPMG AZSA LLC Tokyo Office, Japan June 28, 2021
Responsibilities of Management and Corporate Auditors and the Board of Corporate Auditors for the Consolidated Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan.
Corporate auditors and the board of corporate auditors are responsible for overseeing the directors’ performance of their duties with regard to the design, implementation and maintenance of the Group’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, while the objective of the audit is not to express an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the audit
187 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 188

Data Section
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 Summary of Business Results of Main Consolidated Subsidiaries MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
 Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Items
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings:
Cash on hand
Deposits in banks
Receivables under resale agreements Monetary claims bought
Money trusts
Investments in securities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Other securities
Loans:
Policy loans
General loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Land
Buildings
Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets:
Software
Other intangible fixed assets
Other assets:
Premiums receivable
Due from agencies
Co-insurance accounts receivable
Reinsurance accounts receivable
Foreign reinsurance accounts receivable
Agency business accounts receivable
Other receivables
Accrued income
Guarantee deposits
Deposits with the Japan Earthquake Reinsurance Company Suspense payments
Initial margins for future transactions
Derivative financial instruments
Cash collateral pledged under derivative transactions
Other assets
Deferred tax assets
Customers' liabilities under acceptances and guarantees Bad debt reserve
Total assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
¥
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
¥3,715,273 629,241 3,086,032 587,093 566,927 12,977 62,131 35,347 630 61,603 Borrowings 198,381
  March 31, 2021
 ¥ 477,788
16
477,772
1,999
5,927
4,787
5,494,362
843,657
86,404
577,741
1,893,640
2,014,773
78,144
423,367
5,065
418,302
210,553
76,725
110,321
5,633
17,872
103,162
57,219
45,943
363,016
5,729
122,016
8,912
58,195
64,980
759
37,081
5,051
10,757
4,525
38,760
905
1,647
3,224
469
–
19,864
(6,714)
 ¥7,098,116
   March 31, 2021
 ¥3,732,644
668,752
3,063,891
587,093
618,743
11,689
55,713
35,598
571
139,551
198,381
3,873
58,320
21
34,981
21,617
9,850
43,319
1,213
3,946
95
113,202
234
10,359
23,138
23,138
67,609
19,864
 5,172,889
 139,595
93,107
93,107
618,376
46,487
571,889
15,126
556,762
851,080
1,052,131
22,014
1,074,146
 1,925,226
 ¥7,098,116
      489,791 31 489,760 – 8,217 2,961 4,925,543 874,430 92,416 567,429 1,433,930 1,894,855 62,481 400,609 6,000 394,609 209,951 77,417 112,617 2,208 17,707 98,478 49,756 48,722 419,666 7,604 125,333 9,435 63,139 92,577 805 56,711 4,917 10,597 4,365 39,716 711 2,241 941 565 111,516 25,987
Items
(Liabilities) Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Bonds issued Other liabilities:
Income taxes payable
Deposits received
Unearned income
Other payables
Suspense receipts
Derivative financial instruments
Cash collateral received under derivative transactions Lease obligations
Asset retirement obligations
Other liabilities
Reserve for pension and retirement benefits Reserve for retirement benefits for officers Accrued bonuses for employees
Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation
Deferred tax liabilities Acceptances and guarantees
Total liabilities
(Net assets) Common stock Capital surplus:
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings:
Legal earned reserve Other retained earnings:
Tax-exempted reserve for accelerated depreciation
Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders’ equity
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
  (6,635) ¥6,686,089
3,744 60,177 24 45,225 21,088 2,770 56,402 1,297 3,913 1,212 120,827 316 10,633 19,007 19,007 – 25,987
5,046,067
139,595 93,107 93,107
698,675 46,487 652,187 15,561 636,626 931,378 683,030 25,613 708,643 1,640,022 ¥6,686,089
Co-insurance accounts payable
Reinsurance accounts payable
Foreign reinsurance accounts payable
Agency business accounts payable
Payables under securities lending transactions
        189 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 190

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 MITSUI SUMITOMO INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Items
Ordinary income: Underwriting income:
Net premiums written
Deposit premiums from policyholders
Investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders Reversal of outstanding claims
Reversal of underwriting reserves
Foreign exchange gains
Other underwriting income
Investment income:
Interest and dividends income Investment gains on money trusts Gains on sales of securities
Gains on redemption of securities Gains on derivative transactions Foreign exchange gains
Other investment income
Transfer of investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders
Other ordinary income
Ordinary expenses: Underwriting expenses:
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Commissions and collection expenses Maturity refunds to policyholders Dividends to policyholders
Provision for outstanding claims Provision for underwriting reserves Foreign exchange losses
Other underwriting expenses
Investment expenses:
Investment losses on money trusts Losses on sales of securities Impairment losses on securities Losses on redemption of securities Foreign exchange losses
Other investment expenses
Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Interest expense Provision for bad debts Losses on bad debts Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit
Extraordinary income:
Gains on sales of fixed assets
Reversal of reserves under the special laws:  Reversal of reserve for price fluctuation
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
 Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Losses on valuation of shares of subsidiaries and associates Other extraordinary losses
Income/(loss) before income taxes Income taxes – current
Income taxes – deferred
Total income taxes
Net income
Yen
Year ended March 31, 2020
¥1,784,456 1,644,049 1,547,930
52,386 30,105 13,585
–
– 42 135,749 101,912 – 58,254 862 3,419 – 1,405
(30,105) 4,657
1,695,343 1,419,697 888,652 90,679 278,348 157,089 84 – 3,337 985 520 33,085 566 4,387 20,878 162 4,313 2,776 229,308 13,251 9,353 3,427 27 442
89,113
61,429 4,432 56,996 56,996 189,539 1,307 499 – – 186,325 1,407
(38,997) 485
(133,562)
(133,076) ¥ 94,079
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
Insurance companies running their business in Japan calculate the non-consolidated solvency margin ratio pursuant to the provisions of Articles 86 and 87 of the Insurance Business Act Enforcement Regulations and Public Notice No. 50 issued by the Ministry of Finance in 1996.
While insurance companies set aside reserves to provide for payments of insurance claims should an insured event occur, they are also required to maintain sufficient funds to pay out in an event outside the normal range of estimates such as a major catastrophe and a significant drop in the value of their assets.
in millions
    Year ended March 31, 2021
¥1,802,134 1,664,693 1,559,567
 52,851
28,033 The non-consolidated solvency margin ratio, or item (C) in each of the tables below, which is calculated in accordance with the Insurance Business Act, is the
– ratio of “solvency margin of insurance companies calculated based on their capital and other reserves”, or (A) the total amount of solvency margin, to “risks 23,260 exceeding the normal range of estimates”, or (B) the total amount of risks.
744
236 132,644 98,834 1,839 51,115 404 1,653 6,685 144
(28,033) 4,797
1,670,530 1,420,935 835,374 96,995 291,995
The non-consolidated solvency margin ratio is one of the objective indicators used by the insurance regulatory authorities to supervise insurance companies. A non-consolidated solvency margin ratio of 200% or over indicates adequate ability to satisfy insurance claims and other payment requirements.
  March 31, 2021
 ¥3,490,583
815,511
23,138
–
580,436
87
1,313,294
62,327
–
487,093
–
3,642
212,335
 935,111
140,053
–
12,408
789,158
20,843
100,557
 746.5 %
  (A) Total amount of solvency margin Total net assets
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve Catastrophe reserve
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
¥3,076,392 879,578 19,007 – 550,227 86
852,586
54,618 – 487,093 – 3,642 236,835
877,260 136,088 – 13,475 700,269 19,617 131,040
701.3%
 160,980 General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges (prior to tax effect deductions)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land
1,784 Excess of policyholders' contract deposits (a)
61 33,744 – –
6,463 – 1,355 904
Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Deductions
450 Others
– 3,753 232,278
 (B) Total amount of risks
√(R1+R2)2+(R3+R4)2+R5+R6 General insurance risk (R1)
10,852 Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R2)
Assumed interest rate risk (R3)
Asset management risk (R4) 816 Business administration risk (R5)
9,900 132 3
 131,604
6,572 6,572 – – 5,931 1,569 230 4,131 4,131 – – 132,245 2,339 37,690 40,029
Catastrophe risk (R6)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
    ¥
92,215
 191 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 192

Data Section
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 AIOI NISSAY DOWA INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Items
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings:
Cash on hand
Deposits in banks
Money trusts Investments in securities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Other securities
Loans:
Policy loans
General loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Land
Buildings
Lease assets Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets:
Software
Other intangible fixed assets
Other assets:
Premiums receivable
Due from agencies
Due from foreign agencies
Co-insurance accounts receivable
Reinsurance accounts receivable
Foreign reinsurance accounts receivable
Agency business accounts receivable
Other receivables
Accrued income
Guarantee deposits
Deposits with the Japan Earthquake Reinsurance Company Suspense payments
Derivative financial instruments
Prepaid pension expenses
Deferred tax assets
Customers' liabilities under acceptances and guarantees Bad debt reserve
Total assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
Items (Liabilities) Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Bonds issued Other liabilities:
Co-insurance accounts payable
Reinsurance accounts payable
Foreign reinsurance accounts payable
Agency business accounts payable
Payables under securities lending transactions Income taxes payable
Deposits received
Unearned income
Other payables
Suspense receipts
Derivative financial instruments Lease obligations
Asset retirement obligations
Other liabilities
Reserve for pension and retirement benefits Accrued bonuses for employees
Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation
Acceptances and guarantees Total liabilities
(Net assets)
Common stock
Capital surplus:
Additional paid-in capital
Other capital surplus
Retained earnings:
Legal earned reserve Other retained earnings:
Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
¥2,366,879 564,436 1,802,443 72,000 265,188 3,721 49,778 60,815 2,285 79,080 10,090 3,545 26 33,642 17,678 3,629 2 891 0 34,378 6,619 30,088 30,088 7,500 2,782,654
100,005 81,207 52,593 28,614
185,491 47,411 138,079 138,079 366,703 271,374 271,374 638,078 ¥3,420,733
  March 31, 2021
 ¥ 201,284
18
201,266
2,480
2,643,427
449,175
40,145
298,053
952,172
801,844
102,035
232,949
1,830
231,118
185,009
72,784
97,519
1
959
13,743
63,707
29,632
34,075
378,704
2,183
83,387
1,135
3,216
59,753
145,837
302
39,625
6,581
6,650
2,624
25,423
1,983
20,005
8,450
10,500
(1,240)
 ¥3,745,278
   March 31, 2021
 ¥2,443,083
587,631
1,855,451
72,000
304,742
3,082
45,199
69,346
2,174
80,079
25,770
3,681
12
38,555
18,882
17,120
1
835
0
36,879
7,479
31,896
31,896
10,500
 2,906,581
 100,005
81,207
52,593
28,614
176,474
47,411
129,062
129,062
357,687
481,009
481,009
 838,696
 ¥3,745,278
       ¥
174,108 18 174,090 2,441 2,317,658 487,098 36,695 305,287 696,983 715,866 75,728 218,147 2,258 215,889 182,184 74,281 85,562 2 10,048 12,288 55,884 24,166 31,718 381,021 2,222 83,351 834 5,635 49,147 143,958 325 43,965 6,353 6,612 2,591 28,023 7,998 19,427 63,162 7,500
      (804) ¥3,420,733
        193 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 194

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix Data Section
 AIOI NISSAY DOWA INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Yen Items Year ended March 31, 2020
Ordinary income: ¥1,414,439 Underwriting income: 1,324,161 Net premiums written 1,276,770 Deposit premiums from policyholders 23,167 Investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders 15,130 Reversal of outstanding claims 8,847 Foreign exchange gains – Other underwriting income 244 Investment income: 81,322 Interest and dividends income 59,396 Investment gains on money trusts 2 Gains on sales of securities 35,125 Gains on redemption of securities 1,868 Foreign exchange gains – Other investment income 60
Transfer of investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders (15,130) Other ordinary income 8,956 Ordinary expenses: 1,355,823 Underwriting expenses: 1,133,794
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Total amount of solvency margin Total net assets
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve Catastrophe reserve
General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges (prior to tax effect deductions)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land
Excess of policyholders' contract deposits (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Deductions
Others
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Commissions and collection expenses Maturity refunds to policyholders Dividends to policyholders
Provision for outstanding claims Provision for underwriting reserves Foreign exchange losses
Other underwriting expenses
Investment expenses:
Losses on sales of securities Impairment losses on securities Losses on redemption of securities Losses on derivative transactions Foreign exchange losses
Other investment expenses
Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Interest expense Provision for bad debts Losses on bad debts Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary income:
Gains on sales of fixed assets
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Impairment losses on fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation Losses on reduction of tangible fixed assets
Income before income taxes Income taxes – current Income taxes – deferred Total income taxes
Net income ¥
724,662 66,686 251,774 63,608 18 – 22,641 3,139 1,263 20,788 3,039 11,023 0 3,953 620 2,150 198,919 2,321 617 – 1 1,702 58,615 168 168 18,420 1,444 261 16,714 16,714 – 40,363 13,559
(17,980) (4,420)
44,784
¥
in millions
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
¥1,148,081 348,002 30,088 906 299,132 123
338,684
27,385 – 58,800 – 4,269 49,228
326,916 114,413 – 6,634 194,535 8,060 87,425
702.3%
    March 31, 2021
 ¥1,438,465
341,763
31,896
992
331,141
252
600,213
35,864
–
54,400
–
4,579
46,521
 363,749
117,505
–
6,083
251,845
8,936
71,379
 790.9%
    Year ended March 31, 2021
¥1,389,884 1,322,104 1,281,426
19,784 13,750 – 5,602 1,539 62,163 54,910 0 19,857 276 777 91
(13,750) 5,616
1,357,407 1,149,834 679,990 71,258 261,202 60,182 11 23,195 53,008 – 985 7,946 2,371 956 249 2,451 – 1,918 197,089 2,536 787 438 0 1,310 32,476 651 651 8,295 4,120 2,362 1,808 1,808 3 24,832 29,463
(26,240) 3,222
21,610
√(R1+R2)2+(R3+R4)2+R5+R6 General insurance risk (R1)
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R2) Assumed interest rate risk (R3)
Asset management risk (R4)
Business administration risk (R5)
Catastrophe risk (R6)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
        (B) Total amount of risks
                    195 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 196

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix Data Section
 MITSUI DIRECT GENERAL INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Items
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings:
Deposits in banks
Investments in securities:
Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Other securities
Tangible fixed assets:
Buildings
Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets:
Software
Other intangible fixed assets
Other assets:
Premiums receivable Reinsurance accounts receivable Other receivables
Accrued income
Income taxes receivable Guarantee deposits
Suspense payments
Other assets
Bad debt reserve Total assets
(Liabilities) Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Other liabilities:
Reinsurance accounts payable Income taxes payable Unearned income
Other payables
Suspense receipts
Asset retirement obligations
Reserve for pension and retirement benefits Accrued bonuses for employees
Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation
Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities
(Net assets) Common stock Capital surplus:
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings:
Other retained earnings:
Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
Yen March 31, 2020
in millions
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Items
Ordinary income:
Underwriting income:
Net premiums written
Investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders Reversal of outstanding claims
Investment income:
Interest and dividends income
Transfer of investment income on deposit premiums from policyholders
Other ordinary income Ordinary expenses:
Underwriting expenses:
Net claims paid
Loss adjustment expenses Commissions and collection expenses Provision for outstanding claims Provision for underwriting reserves
Investment expenses:
Operating expenses and general and administrative expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Provision for bad debts Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit
Extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses:
Losses on sales of fixed assets
Provision for reserves under the special laws:
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation Other extraordinary losses
Income before taxes Income taxes – current Income taxes – deferred Total income taxes
Net income
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Total amount of solvency margin Total net assets
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve Catastrophe reserve
General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
(prior to tax effect deductions)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land
Excess of policyholders' contract deposits (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Deductions
Others
Yen in millions Year ended March 31, 2020
¥37,933 37,883 36,374
21 1,486 28 50
(21) 21
37,755 27,793 24,469
2,789 337 – 196 – 9,957 4 1 2
178
–
31 24 7 7 –
146
(0) (12) (12)
¥ 159
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
¥15,305 14,028 79 0 1,205 2
(10)
– – – – – –
5,809 5,227 – 0 955 194 300 526.9%
  Year ended March 31, 2021
 ¥36,554
36,497
36,477
20
–
31
51
(20)
25
 35,135
24,030
20,547
2,870
338
122
152
–
11,096
7
–
7
 1,419
 –
 111
54
7
7
49
 1,307
294
34
328
 ¥ 978
            ¥
12,133 12,133 35,972 17,072 12,459
6,441 447 40 407 5,880 5,880 0 5,339 0 13 3,350 35 40 350 1,547 0
March 31, 2021
¥ 12,842 12,842 38,314 20,400 11,428 6,485 876 254 622 4,650 4,650 0 5,171 0 0 3,250 34 – 440 1,444 0
(4)
¥ 61,850
43,980 23,068 20,912
2,106 1 390 37 1,468 10 197 303 299 86 86 85
46,862
39,106 9,006 9,006
(33,104) (33,104) (33,104) 15,007
(18) (18)
14,988
¥ 61,850
       ¥
(4)
59,768
43,705 22,946 20,759
1,405 1 95 49 1,218 22 18 219 288 79 79 50
45,750
39,106 9,006 9,006
       March 31, 2021
 ¥16,291
15,007
86
0
1,214
1
(18)
–
–
–
–
–
–
 5,468
4,879
–
0
1,009
185
300
 595.8%
        (34,083) (34,083) (34,083) 14,028
(10) (10)
14,017
¥ 59,768
√(R1+R2)2+(R3+R4)2+R5+R6 General insurance risk (R1)
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R2) Assumed interest rate risk (R3)
Asset management risk (R4)
Business administration risk (R5)
Catastrophe risk (R6)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
  (B) Total amount of risks
         197 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 198

Data Section
Message from Management
MS&AD’s Value Creation
Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix Data Section
 MITSUI SUMITOMO AIOI LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Items
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings:
Cash on hand
Deposits in banks
Receivables under resale agreements Investments in securities:
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Domestic stocks Foreign securities Other securities
Loans:
Policy loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Buildings
Lease assets
Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets:
Software
Other intangible fixed assets
Due from agencies
Reinsurance accounts receivable Other assets:
Other receivables
Prepaid expenses
Accrued income
Guarantee deposits
Derivative financial instruments Suspense payments
Other assets
Deferred tax assets Bad debt reserve Total assets
Yen March 31, 2020
in millions
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
¥3,779,645 31,886 3,737,682 10,077 3,623 291 449,640 412,965 25,072 532 777 7,480 0 110 – 1,296 437 475 491 3,856 9 8,725 8,725 3,891 4,249,683
85,500 93,688 63,214 30,473 19,000
1,365 17,635 17,635
198,188 62,599 62,599
260,788 ¥4,510,472
  March 31, 2021
 ¥ 74,851
0
74,851
–
4,313,867
3,077,284
132,491
796,309
785
253,557
53,438
58,858
58,858
8,010
431
6,073
1,506
32,164
23,356
8,807
1,518
994
43,538
32,227
3,126
7,405
367
2
397
11
676
(89)
 ¥4,534,390
        March 31, 2021
   ¥4,007,521
33,569
3,964,029
9,923
3,063
251,978
110,343
126,101
302
3,538
345
6,828
115
2,253
333
429
521
1,168
4,234
9,853
9,853
0
7
–
 4,276,962
 85,500
93,688
63,214
30,473
25,115
2,524
22,590
22,590
204,303
53,124
53,124
 257,428
 ¥4,534,390
 ¥
196,400 0 196,400 407,722 3,757,612 2,529,779 163,827 857,138 682 166,282 39,900 63,130 63,130 4,345 476 2,472 1,396 32,841 22,321 10,519 1,996 868 45,651 33,184 2,551 7,103 391 151 494 1,774 –
Items (Liabilities) Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Reserve for dividends to policyholders
Due to agencies
Reinsurance accounts payable Other liabilities:
Payables under repurchase agreements Payables under securities lending transactions Income taxes payable
Other payables
Accrued expenses
Unearned income
Deposits received
Derivative financial instruments
Lease obligations
Asset retirement obligations
Suspense receipts
Other liabilities
Reserve for pension and retirement benefits Reserve for retirement benefits for officers Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation
Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities
(Net assets) Common stock Capital surplus:
Additional paid-in capital
Other capital surplus
Retained earnings:
Legal earned reserve Other retained earnings:
Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
    (97) ¥4,510,472
          199 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 200

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance Corporate Governance Appendix Data Section
 MITSUI SUMITOMO AIOI LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Business Results
Amount of Policies in Force and New Policies
(1) Policies in force
Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
Yen
in millions
    Items Year ended March 31, 2020
Ordinary income: ¥604,202 Insurance premiums and others: 535,885 Insurance premiums 521,297 Reinsurance income 14,588 Investment income: 65,682 Interest and dividends income: 48,920 Interest on deposits 0 Interest and dividends on securities 47,078 Interest on loans 1,728 Other interest and dividends 113 Gains on sales of securities 15,396 Gains on redemption of securities 1,346 Reversal of bad debts 19 Other ordinary income: 2,633 Receipts of annuities with special conditions 1,251 Receipts of deferred insurance claims 1,250 Other ordinary income 131
Ordinary expenses: 585,542 Insurance claims and others: 239,304 Insurance claims 44,867 Annuity payments 19,046 Benefits 30,996 Surrender benefits 122,671 Other refunds 4,237 Reinsurance premiums 17,484 Provision for underwriting reserves and others: 232,193 Provision for outstanding claims 483 Provision for underwriting reserves 231,709 Provision for interest portion of reserve for dividends to policyholders 0 Investment expenses: 13,999 Losses on sales of securities 7,790 Losses on derivative transactions 1,241 Foreign exchange losses 2 Other investment expenses 4,965 Operating expenses 82,423 Other ordinary expenses: 17,620 Payments of deferred insurance claims 1,280 Taxes 7,526 Depreciation 8,419 Provision for reserve for pension and retirement benefits 381 Other ordinary expenses 12
Ordinary profit 18,659
Extraordinary income: 0 Gains on sales of fixed assets 0
Extraordinary losses: 939 Losses on sales of fixed assets 13 Provision for reserves under the special laws: 926
Provision for reserve for price fluctuation 926
Provision for reserve for dividends to policyholders 8,638 Income before income taxes 9,081 Income taxes – current 2,962 Income taxes – deferred (1,381) Total income taxes 1,580
Net income ¥ 7,500
Year ended March 31, 2021
  ¥
568,421 513,183 511,986
1,196 51,023 48,701
0 46,985 1,598 118 2,258 56 7 4,214 2,672 1,411 130
542,796 218,116 48,323 19,302 31,943 113,104 3,845 1,596 228,029 1,682 226,346 0 708 389 176 1 140 77,298 18,643 1,330 7,798 9,109 377 28
25,624
0 0
1,438 309 1,128 1,128
8,151 16,036 5,007
(883) 4,124
Yen in 100 millions
  March 31, 2021
 Number of policies (in thousands)
 Amount
 3,815
 ¥236,240
166
6,428
-
93,562
-
 2
 March 31, 2020
Number of policies Amount (in thousands)
3,726 ¥237,974 171 6,605 - 88,884 - 2
  Notes: 1. The amounts of individual annuities represent the total sum of (a) the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence for the policies for which annuity payments have not yet commenced and (b) the underwriting reserves for the policies for which annuity payments have commenced.
2. The amounts of group annuities represent the underwriting reserves.
(2) New policies
 Annualized Premiums
(1) Policies in force
Year ended
Number of Amount policies
(in thousands)
March 31, 2020
New policies
Yen in 100 millions
Net increase by conversion
Number of policies (in thousands)
   Individual insurance
Individual annuities
Group insurance
Group annuities
Note: The amounts of individual annuities represent the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence.
- - - -
319 ¥20,623 ¥20,623 1 60 60 - 964 964
- - -
254
1
-
-
Amount
¥17,634
1,149
56
-
New policies
¥17,634
1,149
56
-
Net increase by conversion
-
-
-
-
 Yen in 100 millions March 31, 2020
  March 31, 2021
 ¥4,069
409
4,479
1,460
 Individual insurance ¥4,075 Individual annuities 406
Total:
Medical coverage, living benefits, etc. 1,381
(2) New policies
Yen in 100 millions Year ended March 31, 2020
Individual insurance ¥290 Individual annuities 2 Total: 293
4,481
   Year ended March 31, 2021
 ¥259
2
262
146
       Medical coverage, living benefits, etc.
192
 Notes:1. An annualized premium is the annual total of premiums that is obtained by multiplying the amount of a single payment with the number of payments per year in accordance with the premium payment method. An annualized premium for a lump-sum payment policy is the premium divided by the number of years of coverage.
2. “Medical coverage, living benefits, etc.” represents the portion of annualized premiums that corresponds to medical coverage benefits (for hospitalization, surgeries, etc.), living benefits (for specified diseases, nursing care, etc.) and premium waiver benefits (excluding those for disability, but including those for specified diseases, nursing care, etc.).
    ¥
11,911
 201 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 202
Year ended March 31, 2021

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix Data Section
 MITSUI SUMITOMO AIOI LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Business Performance
Fundamental revenues:
Insurance premiums and others
Fundamental expenses
Fundamental profit
Capital gains/(losses)
Non-recurring gains/(losses)
Ordinary profit
Extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
Provision for reserve for dividends to policyholders Income taxes
Net income
Yen in millions
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Total amount of solvency margin Total capital
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve
General bad debt reserve
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and
net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges (prior to tax effect deductions) × 90%
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land × 85%
Excess of continued Zillmerized reserve (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Brought in capital
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
¥492,307 193,323 8,725 38,888 3
78,249
– 168,067 – – – – 5,048 63,551 18,352 16,532 3,210 – 47,841 1,718 1,549.3%
  Year ended March 31, 2021
 Change
 ¥566,155
 ¥(22,649)
513,183
(22,702)
541,343
(33,854)
24,811
11,204
1,691
(4,674)
(878)
434
25,624
6,965
0
0
1,438
498
8,151
(487)
4,124
2,543
11,911
 4,410
   March 31, 2021
 ¥490,784
199,693
9,853
39,775
3
66,405
–
167,964
–
–
–
–
7,087
 68,186
18,468
17,227
3,242
–
52,692
1,832
 1,439.5%
   Year ended March 31, 2020 ¥588,805 535,885 575,198 13,607 6,366
(1,313) 18,659
0 939 8,638 1,580 7,500
    Deductions
Others
(B) Total amount of risks
√(R1+R8)2+(R2+R3+R7)2+R4
    Insurance risk (R1)
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R8) Assumed interest rate risk (R2)
Minimum guarantee risk (R7)
Asset management risk (R3)
Business administration risk (R4)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
   203 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 204

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix
Data Section
 MITSUI SUMITOMO PRIMARY LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Non-Consolidated Balance Sheets
Items
(Assets)
Cash, deposits and savings:
Deposits in banks
Non-Consolidated Statements of Income
Items
Ordinary income:
Insurance premiums and others:
Insurance premiums
Reinsurance income
Investment income:
Interest and dividends income: Interest on deposits
Interest and dividends on securities Interest on loans
Other interest and dividends Investment gains on money trusts Gains on sales of securities
Gains on redemption of securities Foreign exchange gains
Other investment income
Investment gains on separate accounts
Other ordinary income:
Receipts of annuities with special conditions Reversal of outstanding claims
Reversal of underwriting reserves
Other ordinary income
Ordinary expenses:
Insurance claims and others:
Insurance claims Annuity payments Benefits
Surrender benefits Other refunds Reinsurance premiums
Provision for underwriting reserves and others:
Provision for outstanding claims
Provision for underwriting reserves
Investment expenses:
Interest expense
Investment losses on trading securities Losses on sales of securities Impairment losses on securities
Losses on redemption of securities Foreign exchange losses
Other investment expenses
Investment losses on separate accounts
Operating expenses Other ordinary expenses:
Taxes
Depreciation
Other ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary income: Extraordinary losses:
Provision for reserves under the special laws: Provision for reserve for price fluctuation
Income before income taxes Income taxes – current Income taxes – deferred Total income taxes
Net income
Yen
March 31, 2020
¥ 399,783 399,783 100,995 1,660,997 4,342,621 14,566 2,225 64,909 2,235,824 2,025,095 Loans: 215,294
in millions
Yen
Year ended March 31, 2020
¥1,161,038 950,922 872,119 78,803 113,966 87,232 46 78,900 8,056 228 17,881 8,542 310 – – – 96,149 3,354 1,284 90,891 618
1,129,577 696,196 97,940 87,549 184,780 175,752 4,118 146,055 – – – 373,891 15 – 528 2,256 15 313,543 74 57,457 50,304 9,184 5,811 3,366 6
31,461
–
3,500 3,500 3,500
27,961 7,963
(312) 7,650
20,310
in millions
            Monetary claims bought Money trusts Investments in securities:
March 31, 2021
¥ 807,492 807,492 100,993 1,710,444 4,039,282 14,496 1,713 63,776 1,901,831 2,057,463 264,182 280 263,901 901 322 513 65 13,510 13,371 139 5,497 23,735 3,893 1,436 13,358 4,818 – 229 58,712 ¥7,024,753
6,482,031 24,209 6,457,822 4,808 4,238 93,090 30,405 5,182 4,940 49,651 920 725 179 1,084 180,000 180,000 6,764,169
41,060 24,735 24,735
154,113 7,104 147,009 147,009 219,908 36,961 3,713 40,675 260,584 ¥7,024,753
Year ended March 31, 2021
¥2,039,152 892,179 785,407 106,771 1,142,890 81,570 9 72,121 9,018 420 210,974 152,133 1,812 384,614 19 311,765 4,082 3,749 – – 333
1,879,055 1,805,686 110,180 84,870 214,550 1,209,445 3,844 182,794 18,614 4,814 13,800 784 11 1 738 – 0 – 32 – 44,258 9,711 6,016 3,690 4
160,097
–
100,500 100,500 100,500
59,597
43,543 (27,064) 16,479
¥ 43,117
Government bonds Municipal bonds Corporate bonds Foreign securities Other securities
Policy loans
311 214,983 1,046 Buildings 322
General loans
Tangible fixed assets:
Lease assets
Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets:
Software
Lease assets
Reinsurance accounts receivable Other assets:
Other receivables
Prepaid expenses
Accrued income
Guarantee deposits
Derivative financial instruments Suspense payments
Deferred tax assets Total assets
(Liabilities) Policy liabilities:
Outstanding claims
Underwriting reserves
Due to agencies
Reinsurance accounts payable Other liabilities:
Income taxes payable
Other payables
Accrued expenses
Deposits received
Derivative financial instruments Lease obligations
Asset retirement obligations
Suspense receipts
Reserves under the special laws:
Reserve for price fluctuation
Total liabilities (Net assets) Common stock Capital surplus:
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings:
Legal earned reserve Other retained earnings:
Retained earnings brought forward
Total shareholders' equity
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities Net deferred gains/(losses) on hedges
Total valuation and translation adjustments
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
632 90 12,565 12,398 167 8,971 29,497 9,691 1,310 17,618 579 6 290 43,132 ¥6,814,907
6,463,416 19,394 6,444,021 3,581 4,997 68,587 1,396 6,156 4,986 54,136 3 881 177 849 79,500 79,500 6,620,083
41,060 24,735 24,735
117,883 5,726 112,157 112,157 183,678
                 (5,340) 16,486 11,145
194,823 ¥6,814,907
¥
        205 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 206

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix Data Section
 MITSUI SUMITOMO PRIMARY LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (NON-CONSOLIDATED)
Business Results
Amount of Policies in Force and New Policies
(1) Policies in force
Individual insurance Individual annuities Group insurance Group annuities
Non-Consolidated Business Performance
Fundamental revenues:
Insurance premiums and others
Fundamental expenses
Fundamental profit/(loss)
Capital gains/(losses)
Non-recurring gains/(losses)
Ordinary profit
Extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
Provision for reserve for dividends to policyholders Income taxes
Net income
Non-Consolidated Solvency Margin Ratio
(A) Total amount of solvency margin Total capital
Reserve for price fluctuation Contingency reserve
General bad debt reserve
Yen in millions
  Year ended March 31, 2021
  Change
 ¥1,918,471
¥ 689,461
892,179
(58,742)
1,877,608
620,627
40,862
68,834
119,941
64,270
(707)
(4,469)
160,097
128,636
–
–
100,500
97,000
–
–
16,479
8,829
43,117
 22,806
     March 31, 2021
 Number of policies (in thousands)
 Amount
 663
 ¥42,277
377
23,680
-
-
-
 -
 March 31, 2020
Number of policies (in thousands)
Yen in 100 millions
Amount
Year ended March 31, 2020
¥1,229,009 950,922 1,256,981
(27,972) 55,671
3,762 31,461 – 3,500 – 7,650 20,310
 825 ¥42,587 386 22,553 - -
- -
  Note: The amounts of individual annuities represent the total sum of (a) the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence (the premium reserves in the case of individual variable annuities) for the policies for which annuity payments have not yet commenced and (b) the underwriting reserves for the policies for which annuity payments have commenced.
(2) New policies
Individual insurance
Individual annuities
Group insurance
Group annuities
Yen in 100 millions
   Number of policies (in thousands)
Year ended March 31, 2020 Amount
95 ¥7,111 26 1,716 - - - -
¥7,111 - 1,716 - - - - -
Yen in millions March 31, 2020
¥546,005 179,481 79,500 80,497 –
(7,417) –
172,286 – – – – 41,657 146,376 996 2 53,345 1,656 88,480 2,889
746.0%
Net increase New policies by conversion
84
18
  March 31, 2021
 ¥711,185
198,130
180,000
81,204
–
44,019
–
160,823
–
–
–
–
47,007
 134,845
1,140
2
36,904
1,328
93,941
2,666
 1,054.8%
  -
  -
¥6,708
1,174
-
-
New policies
¥6,708
1,174
-
-
-
-
-
-
 Note: The amounts of individual annuities represent the funds to be held at the time annuity payments are to commence (the premium reserves at the time of enrollment in the case of individual
variable annuities).
Annualized Premiums
(1) Policies in force
Individual insurance Individual annuities Total:
Medical coverage, living benefits, etc.
(2) New policies
Individual insurance Individual annuities Total:
Medical coverage, living benefits, etc.
Yen in 100 millions March 31, 2020
¥3,318 2,660 5,979
0
Yen in 100 millions Year ended March 31, 2020
¥ 668 310 979 –
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in securities and net deferred gains/
(losses) on hedges (prior to tax effect deductions) x 90% (100% in case of negative value)
Net unrealized gains/(losses) on land × 85%
Excess of continued Zillmerized reserve (a) Subordinated debts, etc. (b)
Amount excluded from the margin, out of (a) and (b) Brought in capital
  March 31, 2021
 ¥3,661
2,674
6,335
4
  Deductions
Others
(B) Total amount of risks
√(R1+R8)2+(R2+R3+R7)2+R4
     Year ended March 31, 2021
 ¥ 674
236
911
3
     Notes:1. An annualized premium is the annual total of premiums that is obtained by multiplying the amount of a single payment with the number of payments per year in accordance with the premium payment method. An annualized premium for a lump-sum payment policy is the premium divided by the number of years of coverage.
2. “Medical coverage, living benefits, etc.” represents the portion of annualized premiums that corresponds to medical coverage benefits (for hospitalization, surgeries, etc.), living benefits (for specified diseases, nursing care, etc.) and premium waiver benefits (excluding those for disability, but including those for specified diseases, nursing care, etc.).
Insurance risk (R1)
Insurance risk of third sector insurance contracts (R8) Assumed interest rate risk (R2)
Minimum guarantee risk (R7)
Asset management risk (R3)
Business administration risk (R4)
(C) Solvency margin ratio [(A) / {(B) × 1/2}] × 100
 207 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 208
Number of policies (in thousands)
Year ended March 31, 2021
Amount
Net increase by conversion

Data Section
Message from Management MS&AD’s Value Creation Strategy and Performance
Corporate Governance
Appendix Data Section
  In this report, the following abbreviations appear for company names.
MS&AD, The Group
MS&AD Holdings, The holding company, or the Company MSI, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance
ADI, Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance
Mitsui Direct General, Mitsui Direct General Insurance MSI Aioi Life
MSI Primary Life
MSIG
Aioi, Aioi Insurance
NDI, Nissay Dowa General Insurance
MSI Kirameki Life
Aioi Life
MS Amlin
MS First Capital
ReAssure
Challenger
BoCommLife
MS&AD Insurance Group
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Direct General Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Sumitomo Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd. Mitsui Sumitomo Primary Life Insurance Co., Ltd. Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group Holdings, Inc. Aioi Insurance Co., Ltd.
Nissay Dowa General Insurance Co., Ltd.
Mitsui Sumitomo Kirameki Life Insurance Co., Ltd. Aioi Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
MS Amlin plc
MS First Capital Insurance Limited
ReAssure Group Plc
Challenger Limited
BoCommLife Insurance Company Limited
               209 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 210

 ESG Evaluation
The MS&AD Insurance Group utilizes the assessments provided by global ESG evaluation organizations to improve its sustainability initiatives. As of July 1, 2021, the MS&AD Insurance Group was included in the following ESG-related indices.
Third-Party Assurance
To improve the objectiveness and accuracy of the MS&AD Integrated Report 2021, the MS&AD Insurance Group has engaged KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd., to perform third-party assurance on the following information included in this report.
  CDP’s Climate A List
FTSE4Good Index Series
S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index
Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (World / Asia Pacific)
MSCI Japan
ESG Select Leaders Index*
ISS ESG Corporate Rating Prime
FTSE Blossom Japan Index
MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN)*
The third-party assurance process
    STEP 1
Planning
• Examination of the calculation method for the data subject to assurance and the company’s outline of business
• Formulation of assurance engagement plan based on risk assessment
Items subject to the
STEP 2
STEP 3
Review of draft report
• Confirmation that required corrections have been completed
• Reviewing the draft report to determine whether the assured information is presented appropriately
STEP 4
Submitting the assurance report
• Review by a reviewer not directly involved in the assurance engagement
• Submission of the assurance report
Implementation of
   assurance procedures
• Implementation of a site visit and analysis of compiled data, etc.
      * The inclusion of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc., in any MSCI Index and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement or promotion of MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc., by MSCI or any of its affiliates. The MSCI Indexes are the exclusive property of MSCI. MSCI and the MSCI Index names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI or its affiliates.
Participation in Initiatives
We participate in global initiatives and are working to create shared value with society.
assurance engagement
• CO2 emissions (P. 63, p. 65)
• Total energy consumption (P. 49, p. 63)
• Number and ratio of female managers
(P. 34, p. 49, p. 64, p. 65)
• Number and ratio of global employees
(P. 34, p. 64, p. 65)
* Details regarding the method for calculating data can be found on our official website.
www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/csr/data.html
  The UN Global Compact
CDP
The Japan Business Initiative for Biodiversity (JBIB)
United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEPFI) Principles for Sustainable Insurance
Natural Capital Declaration
Principles for Responsible Investment
Climate Change Initiative
     211 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 212
• Paris Pledge for Action
• Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure
(TCFD)
• Financial Principles towards the Formation of a Sustainable Society (21st Century Financial Principles)

On the Issuance of the MS&AD Integrated Report 2021
 Group Slogan
  What do we mean by “Advancing with you?”
The MS&AD Insurance Group is determined to be the most vigorous company in
the insurance industry. Our new corporate slogan, “Advancing with you,” expresses that determination.
The phrase invokes the challenges of achieving corporate change, new insurance products, and global competitiveness; challenges which the MS&AD Insurance Group continues to pursue.
The challenge of corporate change
The Group companies and each staff member will continue to pursue rapid and dynamic change in response to shifts in social and business trends.
The challenge of providing new insurance products
Providing products and services in anticipation of new risks, the Group will consistently seek to provide maximum security to its customers.
The challenge of competing globally
To develop the strength to compete in the highly competitive international arena,
the Group will continue to grow, aspiring to become a world-leading insurance and financial services group.
Aspiring to become a world-leading insurance and financial services group, the MS&AD Insurance Group will continue to take on these challenges.
Since fiscal 2015, the MS&AD Insurance Group has published the Integrated Report to provide readers with a deeper understanding of the Group’s commitment to medium- to long-term value creation. We believe the issuance of the Integrated Report offers the opportunity for constructive dialogue with many stakeholders, including customers, shareholders, investors and employees, regarding the Group’s “story of value creation.”
In the medium-term management plan, “Vision 2021,” launched in fiscal 2018, the Group has developed management based on its CSV under its aspiration to be a corporate group that helps realize a resilient and sustainable society by 2030. In the next medium-term management plan due to begin in fiscal 2022, we intend to refine this initiative, draw up a growth vision that combines "CSV," "DX" and "GLOBAL," promote more specific strategies and build a solid management foundation. The MS&AD Integrated Report 2021 explains our aspirations for 2030, the status of our growth strategies combined with CSV, DX and GLOBAL, and the status of how we are building a management foundation that supports those strategies. We also clarify the system of value creation that makes use of the Group's strength of "diversity," and introduce a number of initiatives to solve social issues through collaboration with various stakeholders.
With the goal of improving the objectivity and accuracy of the Integrated Report, we have engaged the services of a
third-party assurance firm to independently verify the key non-financial data indicated since fiscal 2017. For the results of the third-party verification included in the MS&AD Integrated Report 2021, please see page 212. Moreover, as a representative of the management team, the CEO has included a signed message at the beginning of the Report. As CFO, I am responsible for the editing process and, accordingly, reiterate the importance of ensuring that the assembly process for the Integrated Report is carried out responsibly and that the content in the report is indeed accurate.
With this year’s Integrated Report, we hope to promote amicable feelings for the Group by creating an even greater understanding of it among stakeholders such as customers, shareholders, investors and employees. We continue to value dialogue with all our stakeholders, and with the aim of further improving disclosure and enhancing transparency we invite our stakeholders to share with us their frank opinions.
November 2021
Tetsuji Higuchi
Representative Director, Executive Vice President, CFO
  The MS&AD Integrated Report 2021 Editorial System
  Board of Directors
MS&AD Holdings Integrated Report Project Team
Editor-in-Chief: CFO
Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Dept. Sustainability Section, Corporate Planning Dept.
Related departments of MS&AD Holdings & Group companies
Director in charge
MS&AD Holdings: Corporate Planning Department, Corporate Risk Management Department, Compliance Department, Accounting Department, Human Resources & General Administration Department, Documentation & Legal Department and other departments
Group companies: corporate communications departments, corporate planning departments, business departments, overseas entities and others
Evaluation/Feedback
Plan proposal Whole structure Content creation
Cooperation on content creation
Contact Information
MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc.
< Forward-Looking Statements >
These materials contain future plans, strategies and earnings forecasts for MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc., and Group companies. They are based on information available to MS&AD Insurance Group Holdings, Inc., at the present time. Investors are advised that actual results might differ substantially from our forecasts, for various reasons. Actual performance could be adversely affected by 1) economic trends surrounding our business, 2) fierce competition within the insurance sector, 3) exchange rate fluctuations and 4) changes in tax and other regulatory systems.
This report was prepared pursuant to Article 271-25 of the Insurance Business Act and Article 210-10-2 of the Insurance Business
Act Enforcement Regulations.
          (Securities code: 8725) Tokyo Sumitomo Twin Building (West Tower), 27-2,
 Production: Under the direction of the CFO, who is editor-in-chief, two people, other than those in charge of writing, confirm editorial content on every page based on supporting materials and by checking with all relevant departments to the content. In addition, the accuracy and reliability of the report is assured by an independent third-party, KPMG AZSA Sustainability Co., Ltd.
Shinkawa 2-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 104-0033, Japan
Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Dept. Tel.: +81-3-5117-0311, Fax: +81-3-5117-0605 https://www.ms-ad-hd.com/en/ir/contact.html
 213 MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS
MS&AD INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS 214

  www.ms-ad-hd.com
