    
 
    Contents
Editorial policy:
J. Front Retailing Group (the “Group”) issued this integrated report in order to provide a deeper understanding of what actions it takes to change its business portfolio for sustainable growth of corporate value. The report explains at the beginning the values, vision, value creation process and business model of J. Front Retailing (the “Company”) and it contains non-financial information including the Group’s involvement in society and the environment through business activities and governance system that helps enhance corporate value in addition to financial information based on specific management strategy. We have referred to the “International Integrated Reporting Framework” established by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) and the “Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation” established by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry to create this report.
Timeframe:
This report mainly reviews the fiscal year 2017 (March 1, 2017 through February 28, 2018) but it also contains the latest information available at the time of issue to the extent possible.
Scope:
J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd. and consolidated subsidiaries
Cautionary statement regarding forward- looking statements:
Forward-looking statements in this integrated report represent our assumptions based on information currently available to us and inherently involve potential risks, uncertainties and other factors. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated herein due to changes in various factors.
Values and Vision
02 Corporate Credo / Group Mission Statement
04 Group Vision “Create and Bring to Life ‘New Happiness.’” 06 Top Message
08 History – Surviving the Waves of Changing Times
Business Model
10 J. Front Retailing “Value Creation Process” 12 Multi Service Retailer
14 Changing Department Store Business Model
Management Strategy
16 Top Interview
22【Special Report】Business Risk (Opportunity and Threat)
24 Whole Picture of Medium-term Business Plan
26 Urban Dominant Strategy
28 ICT Strategy
30 Innovation of Department Store Business (Rebuilding of Main Building of Daimaru Shinsaibashi Store)
32 Innovation of Parco Business (New Shibuya Parco) 34 Finance Strategy
36 Human Resources Strategy
Sustainability
38 Formulation of Sustainability Policy and Identification of Materiality
42 Activity Report – The Environment
44 Activity Report – Coexistence with Local Communities and Contribution to Society 46 Activity Report – Diversity and Work-Life Balance
Governance
48 Corporate Governance
56 Interview with Outside Director 58 Management
Financial/Non-financial Highlights
60 Financial/Non-financial Highlights Financial Section
64 Business Overview (At a Glance)
J. Front Retailing Group
66 Group Companies 68 Stores (Map)
70 Stores (Photos) 72 Share Information
                Environment S ociety
  Governance
 Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation
 
  Corporate Credo
Service before Profit
Service before Profit – This phrase is from a passage from “Of Honor and Disgrace”written by Xunzi, a Chinese thinker in the Zhanguo period,“Those who give priority to service over profit will prosper.”The most important thing is to approach things with sincerity and good faith.“Do not sell any products that are of no benefit to customers.”“Do not
rank customers.”“Honesty and loving-kindness come first.” “An unfaithful person is useless regardless of how gifted he/she may be.”Thus Daimaru has told its employees to keep a humble attitude to serve customers. At Matsuzakaya, the spirit of“Abjure all evil and practice all good”has been
valued. They can be modernized as“Customer-first principle” and “Contribution to society.” Thinking of stakeholders thoroughly and acting accordingly will lead to business growth. We believe“Creating Shared Value (CSV)”to solve social issues through business activities is nothing less than practicing the Group’s corporate credo simply and honestly.
 02

  Group Mission Statement
We aim at providing
high quality products and services that meet the changing times and satisfying customers beyond their expectations.
We aim at
developing the Group
by contributing to society at large
as a fair and reliable corporation.
 Integrated Report 2018 03

 Group Vision
Create and Bring to Life “New Happiness.”
Now is the time when lifestyles are changing speedily. To meet these changes quickly, and what is more, to find budding needs are J. Front Retailing’s important missions. More women’s social advancement. Changing lifestyles due to falling birthrate and aging population. Increasing globalization and digital consumption. Various factors bring you more new ways to enjoy your life as well as triggering concerns and stresses. Seeing both these“positive and negative”factors, we will evolve into a group that can serve you in all aspects of life. With regard to“enjoyment,”we will not only“sell goods”but create new events and experiences to excite you. With regard to“concerns,” wewillcove“r shortfall”suchas“busyness,”“uneasiness”and“hassle”andcreateservicestoclear
t h e f o g i n y o u r m i n d . O u r d o m a i n w i l l e x p a n d b e y o n d t h e f r a m e w o r k o “f r e t a i l . ” A n d t h e r e s h o u l d b e creativeideas,orthecreationo“f newhappiness.”NowisthetimeforJ.FrontRetailingtodrastically change. And we promise you to closely support your life in a“present progressive form”after 10 years and even 100 years by“changing all the time.”
 04

  Story behind the development of the Vision
J. Front Retailing Group was formed through the management integration of The Daimaru, Inc. and Matsuzakaya Holdings Co., Ltd. in September 2007, and with the vision of
“establishing ourselves as a leading Japanese retail company both in terms of quality and quantity with the Department Store Business as its core,”we implemented various initiatives to become a multifaceted retailer. In the core Department Store Business, we deepened the establishment of new department store model as well as expanding our customer base. Furthermore, we have steadily expanded our business areas other than the Department Store Business through aggressive M&A including the conversion of StylingLife Holdings Inc. (SLH) into an associate accounted for using equity method in 2011 and the conversion of Parco Co., Ltd. into a consolidated subsidiary in 2012.
In the meantime, the business environment is greatly changing. We expect “lifestyles” to be increasingly “diversified”due to falling birthrate and aging population and changing family dynamics and the “means of seeking
enjoyment”are also expected to grow increasingly“diverse” due to shift from product-based consumption to experience- based consumption and the evolution of ICT. That is to say, as it is difficult to grow just by continuing the current business model as it is, we see the present time as a turning point to drastically alter the course of the Group’s management.
In these circumstances, considering what makes people happy and strategically expanding business fields and transforming existing businesses to provide new forms of value with respect to“lifestyles”and“means of seeking enjoyment,”we developed the new Group Vision“Create and Bring to Life‘New Happiness.’”with the aim of becoming a business group which contributes to realizing spiritually affluent lifestyles.
By showing the future directions to aim for with this Group Vision, we aim to greatly change the Group and realize discontinuous growth.
New cause assumed by the Group
The main business of the Group was the offering of
products and services mainly for“festive occasions”by the core businesses including department store chains Daimaru and Matsuzakaya and Parco to meet customer needs. With increasingly diversified lifestyles, however, customer needs are seen not just on festive occasions but also widely in daily life. By relieving customers o“f concerns”and“frustrations”in daily life so that they can live more conveniently and more comfortably, we hope many customers will be able to spare more time for festive occasions. I think that is the social role we will have to fill, i.e., the cause.
In fact, as the means of seeking enjoyment are diversified, many customers cannot gain sufficient satisfaction from a stereotypical form of consumption as in the past. Consumers
“want new and different experiences”or“want to enjoy with like-minded people.”Thus the focus of consumption is shifting to experiences. Another recent big trend is heightened awareness of social contribution. People“want to care more about the environment and ethics”and“want to feel that their own existence is meaningful in society.”The Group has to be able to offer something more enjoyable and more exciting in response to such diversification of the means of seeking enjoyment.
Dissemination of the Vision to drive specific actions
The Vision shows where we and the Company want to be in the future and helps clarify the organization’s strategy, direction and decision-making process. It is each and every employee who will realize the Vision in a concrete manner and the sum of their performance will constitute our corporate value. That is, we think the key will be how we will drive the specific actions of individual employees while disseminating the Vision in each site and offering directions.
To this end, firstly, the top management explained their thoughts put into the Vision in person to employees and had interactive dialogues. In the next step, all employees including people in the Executive Officer and higher management positions made pledges for actions toward the realization of the Vision via the Company magazines and intranet website. As initiatives to drive specific actions based on these pledges, we have created the“Challenge Card”program in which all employees can participate via the personnel system. Thus we have introduced a company-wide system that assesses the ideas and inspirations of individual employees and teams and helps realize them. And with regard to“creation”ideas with potential to expand, the Company provides an opportunity called“Creation Award”in which creators present their ideas in person to share company-wide the ideas themselves and information on the process to address them. We allow all employees to try to increase their motivation.
We will have the“creative nature”take root as our true corporate culture. – The Group’s grand challenge has started.
 Basic Mission Statement, Group Vision and JFR Way
 Basic Mission Statement
Group Vision
JFR WAY Ideas we value
We aim at providing high quality products and services that meet the changing times and satisfying customers beyond their expectations. We aim at developing the Group by contributing to society at large as a fair and reliable corporation.
Create and Bring to Life “New Happiness.”
“Create the future!”
“Try without fear of failure!” “Introduce new ideas!” “Act for yourself!”
“Be sensible and honest!”
Integrated Report 2018 05

 06

  Values and Vision > Top Message
We Will Respond to Changes and Commit Ourselves to“Creating Shared Value”in a Timeless Way.
 YAMAMOTO Ryoichi
Director, President and Representative Executive Officer J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd.
Kimono dealers, which originated in the Edo period, dramatically transformed themselves into department stores more than 100 years ago in response to changing times. Thus founded Daimaru and Matsuzakaya in the Group have achieved sustainable development over 300 and 400 years, respectively, because they have always grasped changes of the times accurately, have thought through what are values for society and for customers, and have been engaged in business activities simply and honestly following their corporate credos.
I recognize the environment surrounding our business is currently facing a“greater turning point” than these times and changing at a breakneck speed. The evolution of AI and robots has automated tasks and operations. And I feel the digital society where IoT connects everything to the Internet has been rapidly becoming familiar to us over the past year. I realize it is radically changing lifestyles and industrial systems.
As it is said to be the“era of 100-year life expectancy,”longevity is expected to be further extended. In the meantime, according to a study, the population in Japan is projected to be below 90 million 50 years later and decrease by half 100 years later. Actually, a dramatic change in the social structure that we have never experienced before is drawing near.
In addition, consumption is shifting from goods to services and experiences and the focus is shifting from retail to services. Therefore, the Group whose main business is retail such as department stores
needs to change its business structure beyond the framework of retail in order to continue to create new value beyond customers’expectations and further develop.
Under the new Group Vision“Create and Bring to Life‘New Happiness’”and the current Medium- term Business Plan, the Company drastically altered the course of the management toward
“discontinuous growth,”which is not an extension of the present. In the process, while respecting the values that do not change over time, we will accurately capture changes in the times and the business environment and firmly capture both positive and negative risks to change into a new socially indispensable business group that combines tradition and innovation.
To this end, it is essential to change our mindset and working styles. Instead of being bound by our past successful experiences and familiar approaches, we will facilitate deeper communication inside and outside the Company and actively incorporate different cultures and thinking to
“combine different elements,”which will lead to new achievements using diversity.
With the aim of developing as a“Multi Service Retailer”beyond the retail framework, we will create both “social value” and “economic value” and drastically change our business portfolio to ensure sustainable growth and increase corporate value over the medium to long term.
June 2018
    Integrated Report 2018 07
Values and Vision

 Values and Vision > History – Surviving the Waves of Changing Times
 Blend of Tradition and Innovation – And Creation
          The Daimaru, Inc. and Matsuzakaya Holdings Co., Ltd. integrated management and established
J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd.
●Phase I relocation and expansion of Daimaru Tokyo store
●Restaurant Peacock Co., Ltd. absorbed Shoei Foods Co., Ltd. to form J. Front Foods Co., Ltd.
●Matsuzaka Service Co., Ltd. was renamed JFR Service Co., Ltd.
●The north wing of
Daimaru Shinsaibashi
store opened ●JFR Service absorbed
Daimaru Lease & Service Co., Ltd.
●The Daimaru Home Shopping, Inc. took over part of the direct marketing business split off from Daimaru Matsuzakaya and was renamed JFR Online Co. Ltd.
Acquired a 49% of stake in StylingLife Holdings Inc. and converted it into an equity method associate
●Daimaru Umeda store increased floor space
2011 2012
Sold all shares of Peacock Stores Ltd., which operated a supermarket business, to Aeon Co., Ltd.
Acquired a 70.52% stake in Forest Co., Ltd. and converted it into a consolidated subsidiary
2013
  2009
November 2009
North wing of Daimaru Shinsaibashi store opened
●Daimaru Credit Service, Inc. was renamed JFR Card Co., Ltd.
●Daimaru Design & Engineering Co., Ltd., Daimaru Mokko Co., Ltd., Matsuzakaya Seiko Co., Ltd. and Refix Japan, Inc. merged into J. Front Design & Construction Co., Ltd.
●Dimples’ Co., Ltd. absorbed Daimaru Sales Associates Co., Ltd.
●Integrated the information systems of The Daimaru, Inc. and Matsuzakaya Co., Ltd.
2010
  2007
2008
     September 2007 Established J. Front Retailing
1611
Ito Genzaemon Sukemichi, a son of Ito Ranmaru Sukehiro who served Oda Nobunaga, opened a kimono fabric and fancy goods wholesale store in Honmachi, Nagoya (Foundation of Matsuzakaya)
1717
Shimomura Hikoemon Shokei opened a kimono fabric store “Daimonjiya” in Fushimi, Kyoto (Foundation of Daimaru)
March 2011
Larger Daimaru Umeda store opened
●The Daimaru, Inc. and Matsuzakaya Co., Ltd. merged into Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores Co. Ltd. (“Daimaru Matsuzakaya”)
●J. Front Design & Construction Co., Ltd. absorbed DHJ Co., Ltd.
●The Daimaru Tomonokai, Inc. absorbed Matsuzakaya Tomonokai Co., Ltd. to form Daimaru Matsuzakaya Tomonokai Co., Ltd.
Acquired a 33.2% stake in Parco Co., Ltd. (“Parco”) and converted it into an equity method associate
●Reached a basic agreement with Shanghai Xin Nan Dong Project Management Co., Ltd. and Shanghai New World Co., Ltd. to provide technical support and cooperation in opening and operating a new department store in Huangpu District, Shanghai, China
●Jointly established JFR Plaza Inc. with StylingLife Holdings Inc.
Increased a stake in Parco to 65% through TOB and converted it into a consolidated subsidiary
●Dimples’ Co., Ltd. spun off Daimaru Matsuzakaya Sales Associates Co. Ltd. ●Phase II expansion of Daimaru Tokyo store
August 2012 Converted Parco into a consolidated subsidiary
 08
Phase of founding
Phase of business integration and reorganization

         ●Became affiliated with Rakuten R-Point Card service
●Nagoya Zero Gate opened
●The new building of Fukuoka Parco opened
Invested in Cool Japan Fund
●Sapporo Zero Gate opened
●Phase III renovation and grand opening of
Matsuzakaya Nagoya store ●Sendai Parco 2 opened ●Hiroshima Zero Gate opened
FY 2017
to 2021 new Medium- term Business Plan started
2017 2016
●The new main building of Daimaru Shinsaibashi store will open (fall)
●The complex under the Udagawa-cho 15 Development Project including Shibuya Parco will open (fall)
●The new main building of Daimaru Shinsaibashi store will be connected with the north wing (spring)
        2019 2018
2021 2020
   2014
FY 2014
to 2016 Medium-term Business Plan started
2015
●Accepted purchase of own shares by Senshukai Co., Ltd.
 ●Fukuoka Parco increased floor space ●Acquired a 22.6% stake in
Senshukai Co., Ltd. and converted
it into an equity method associate ●Shanghai New World Daimaru
Department Store opened ●Decided to rebuild the main building
of Daimaru Shinsaibashi store ●Decided to rebuild Shibuya Parco
Invested in Scrum Ventures
●Voluntarily applied the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
●Transferred the business of JFR Online Co. Ltd.
●“Ginza Six” opened ●Transitioned to a “Company with Three
Committees (Nomination, Audit and
Remuneration Committees)” ●Transferred shares of Forest Co., Ltd. ●Kyoto Zero Gate opened ●Ueno Frontier Tower opened ●JFR Plaza Inc. was dissolved
and liquidated
Create and
Bring to Life “New Happiness.”
    April 2017
Ginza Six opened
November 2017
Ueno Frontier Tower opened
Rendering of new main building of Daimaru Shinsaibashi store
Rendering of Shibuya Parco
  October 2012
Phase II expansion and opening of Daimaru Tokyo store
 Integrated Report 2018 09
  Values and Vision
Phase of building foundations Phase of dramatic growth / changing the Group structure

 Business Model > J. Front Retailing“Value Creation Process”
 J. Front Retailing
Value Creation Process
Under the Basic Mission Statement and the Group Vision, J. Front Retailing is committed to creating high quality, fresh, hospitable and affluent lifestyles with its stakeholders by promptly responding to the changing times.
The business activity of J. Front Retailing is to constantly seek to create rich markets that grow with local communities, which is led by department stores and Parco.
It is nothing less than to create, as a public entity of society, new values with which its various stakeholders empathize.
Circulating the Group’s business model and creating new values using the six capitals of J. Front Retailing effectively and efficiently are the process to create the brand value of J. Front Retailing, which will result in the creation of new values with which society empathizes.
Through this initiative, we will contribute to society at large as well as aiming at developing the Group.
 Financial capital
  Human capital
Total
FY 2017 ‒ 2021 Capital investment Growth investment
¥200 billion
Business model P.12
Strength (Core Competence)
Store assets in urban areas
    Manufactured capital
Number of
the Group employees
Approx.10,500
(As of February 28, 2018)
Structure (Core Businesses)
Retail
 Social issues recognized by the Company
P.22
Number of major stores operated by Daimaru/ Matsuzakaya/Parco
Credit Finance Service
        • Low birthrate / longevity
• Advanced technologies
• Progress of sharing economy • Return to urban areas and
Social relationship capital
Energy consumption by Daimaru/Matsuzakaya
74,410kl
(FY2017)
Natural capital
Human resources P.36 Governance P.48
Intellectual capital
35
Ginza Six
Ueno Frontier Tower Zero Gate
  •   •   •
Real estate
Good customer assets of more than 6 mn
Accumulated hospitality mind
    shrinkage of rural/suburban areas • Expansion of foreigners
• Increasing polarization
• Global warming
• • • • •
 10
   i
v
r
e
S
i
t
l
u
M
c
e
R
e
t
a
i
l
e
r

      Output
Outcome
New consumer experience
【Customers】
We will provide genuine satisfaction captivating customers by offering new values.
Safe and secure products/services
Bustle in the local community
Diversity
Work-life balance
【Communities】
We will contribute to community development and promote environment-friendly business activities as a good corporate citizen.
   Strategy
Urban Dominant
Strategy P.26 ICT
FY2021 ROE 8% or more
【Shareholders】
We will increase corporate value over the long term through highly profitable and highly efficient management.
【Business partners】
We will build the relations of trust by working hard together and aim to grow together.
【Employees】
We will realize workplaces in which employees’ performance and contribution are fairly evaluated and they can realize their exhibition of ability and growth and have job satisfaction.
   FY2021 Consolidated operating profit
Group Vision
P.04
Create and Bring to Life
“New Happiness.”
  ¥56 bn strategy
  P.28
Innovation of existing
businesses P.30 Finance
strategy
HR strategy
P.36
FY2021 CO2 emissions (Intensity)
Down 5.0%
(vs. FY2016)
Total
FY 2017 ‒ 2021 FCF
      P.34
¥60 bn or more
Customer traffic to Daimaru/Matsuzakaya/ Parco
Approx. 340 mn
     Low-carbon society
 Integrated Report 2018 11
Business Model

Business Model > Multi Service Retailer
 “Multi Service Retailer”
beyond the Framework of Retail
We are a business group with the retail business and the real estate business as its core, including department stores Daimaru and Matsuzakaya, commercial complexes Parco and a luxury commercial complex Ginza Six.
The histories of Daimaru and Matsuzakaya began respectively when Shimomura Hikoemon Shokei opened a kimono fabric store “Daimonjiya” in Fushimi, Kyoto in 1717 and Ito Genzaemon Sukemichi, a son of Ito Ranmaru Sukehiro who served Oda Nobunaga, opened a kimono fabric and fancy goods wholesale store in Honmachi, Nagoya in 1611. Both companies started as kimono dealers but have changed their business models for as long as 300 and 400 years, respectively, by responding appropriately to the changing times and grew as department stores.
After management integration in September 2007, the Company aggressively pursues M&A opportunities to expand its business wings for growth. We converted Parco Co., Ltd. into a consolidated subsidiary and StylingLife Holdings Inc. and other companies into equity method associates to broaden our business as a multi retailer with department stores as our core.
And under the new “FY 2017 to 2021 Medium-term Business Plan,” we strive to change the Group structure toward development as a “Multi Service Retailer” beyond the framework of retail to expand our business domain for discontinuous growth based on the new Group Vision “Create and Bring to Life ‘New Happiness.’” With respect to the business portfolio, while growing the core Department Store Business and Parco Business, we will expand into new areas such as the Real Estate Business and Credit and Finance Business to increase their shares.
Multi Service Retailer
Expanded needs to relieve concerns/frustrations in daily life
Rise of sharing economy
Consumption shift from products to services/experiences
Increasing urbanization
    Advent of IoT era
Expanded demand for staffing services
Diversified payment methods Advanced financial services
        Multiple retail business brands (Multi retailer)
     12

 Source of Value Creation
       Structure (Core Businesses)
Strength (Core Competence)
Store assets in urban areas
  Retail
Real estate
Credit Finance Service
Good customer assets of more than 6 mn
Accumulated hospitality mind
     The Group’s strengths
 123
  Store assets in urban areas nationwide
The Group has store assets including department stores, Parco and Ginza Six in major cities across Japan, from Sapporo to Tokyo, Nagoya, Osaka and Hakata. In key areas, we will promote the“Urban Dominant Strategy” for growing with local communities by putting together small- and medium-sized stores around these flagship stores as their core and attract new crowd to live in harmony with local communities.
Good customer assets of more than six million people
Daimaru, Matsuzakaya and Parco have good customer assets of more than six million cardholders. Department stores have an organization of affluent gaisho (out-of-store sales) customers whose sales share is more than 20%. As a new initiative, we will introduce an app with a payment function, which will further increase our customer assets under
Accumulated hospitality
Our hospitality mind has been accumulated in our history. Under the corporate credo of Service before Profit, the spirit born out of customer services provided by thoroughly putting the customer first and serving the community is alive in the Group value chain. It leads to the operation of a staffing service company Dimples’and Daimaru Matsuzakaya Sales Associates, which leverage this strength.
the concept Hub.”
of “Lifetime
Service
As a “Multi Service Retailer” beyond the framework of retail, we will capitalize on our business portfolio and core competence mentioned above and respond nimbly to changes in the times with the support of well-trained diverse human resources and effective governance that improves the transparency of management in an effort to create values demanded by society.
Integrated Report 2018 13
Business Model

Business Model > Changing Department Store Business Model
 Turning Point in
Department Store Business Model
Japanese department store sales decreased from ¥9,713 billion in 1991 to ¥5,953 billion in 2017, almost 60% level. Amid environmental changes such as intensifying competition beyond industry boundaries and rapidly growing e-commerce, we think the biggest problem of department stores is that the department store business model including sales floor composition overly dependent on women’s clothing in spite of the downward trend of spending on clothing and the product range and tenant composition based on shoka shiire (purchase recorded at the time of sale), which developed from the high-growth period to the stable-growth period, no longer adapt to changes in the times and in customers’ sense of values.
Therefore, from the standpoint of values department stores should create, we intend to change our business model in four main directions. Through these initiatives, we will strive to attract more customers and increase profitability by enhancing store appeal.
History of Retail Industry
           1940s
1950s
1960s
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s
   Increasing wealth and military power
1868
(War)
High economic growth period
Stable-growth period
DC brand boom
Low-growth period
Economic recovery
Three essential Income-doubling 3C
status symbols plan
1956 Economic White Paper 1962 Hayashi Shuji
“It is no longer postwar” “Distribution Revolution”
Oil Shock
Lehman Shock
Foreign fast fashion brands accelerated entry into Japan
Rapid growth of inbound tourism Expansion of sharing economy
 Meiji Restration
Jimmu Boom
Iwato Olympic Boom Boom
Collapse of the Bubble
Foreign luxury brands were popular
1985 Hakuhodo 1999 NTT DoCoMo “Emergence of segmented masses” “I-mode” was born
   Flourishing of small/family-run stores and department stores Flourishing of general merchandise stores (mass consumption society)
Diversification of business categories (post-mass consumption society)
 1904 Kabushiki Kaisha Mitsukoshi Gofukuten (Department Store Declaration)
1907 Kabushiki Goshi Kaisha Daimaru Gofukuten 1910 Kabushiki Kaisha Ito Gofukuten
New initiatives including: ●Western-style architecture,
 display of goods; ●Uniforms;
●Entry with shoes on; and ●Female elevator attendants
61~68 Daimaru achieved top sales in Japan
91
Department store sales peaked
1982 - 83 Seibu Department Store ad copy “Oishii Seikatsu (delicious life)”
00 Sogo filed for civil rehabilitation procedure 03 Renamed Millennium Retailing
07 J. Front Retailing 07 H2O Retailing
08 Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings 01 Mycal went under
Izanagi Boom
69 Tamagawa Takashimaya SC opened
57 Daiei opened 1st store 72 Daiei achieved top sales in Japan
58 Yokado was established
56 Seibu Store was established 69 Jusco was established 80 “Mujirushi Ryohin” was born
Bubble economy
85 Tsukashin opened
69 Ikebukuro Parco opened 87 “Loft” was born
74 7-Eleven opened 1st store 97 “Rakuten Ichiba” was launched
75 Lawson opened 1st store 04 “Zozotown” was launched
Izanami Boom
  1868
34 million
73 FamilyMart opened 1st test store
16 FamilyMart and Uny merged
16 Mitsubishi Corporation made Lawson its subsidiary
18 Mercali became listed
1973
Large-Scale Retail Store Law (covering large supermarkets)
1967
Exceeded 100 million
76 Tokyu Hands opened 1st store 76 Beams opened 1st store
90 United Arrows opened 1st store 93 Outlet Mall Rhythm
(Japan’s 1st outlet mall in Saitama)
84 Uniqlo opened 1st store 76 Shinjuku Lumine opened
 1937
Department Store Law
1985
121 million
2000
Large-Scale Retail Stores Location Law
1998 Productive-age (15-64 year old) population decreased
2004 Depopulating Population peaked society
127.87 million
     Department Store Value Chain and Competitive Advantage
In order to entice customers to visit our stores, we need to offer the products they want and the experiences that can be given only in the store space or environment or through sales staff there, namely, new values. By changing our business model, we will strive to enhance store value by adding a perspective of values for customers and values for stakeholders.
       Store design Store layer
Kaitori shiire (Purchase on a no return basis)
Shoka shiire Real estate rental
Marketing Attracting customers
After-sales service
Building customer loyalty
Know-how of building customer loyalty
Procurement/ logistics
Know-how of store planning
Store operation
Know-how of store operation
Sales
       14
Times Department store Supermarket Other Regulation Demographics

 Direction of Changing Business Model
       Point 1
Active introduction of real estate rental format
More than 80% of current typical department stores offer products and have tenants based on shoka shiire. In other words, such business practice limits the diversification of store planning.
Therefore, we will realize an optimal mix, for example, by expanding real estate leasing area to increase store appeal and transform the business model into a stable and highly profitable one.
Point 2
Drastic reduction of allocation to women’s clothing
While reducing women’s clothing area, which remains bloated since the middle of 1980s, by 30% under the current Medium-term Business Plan, we will create new sales areas and newly zone the sales floors in response to changes in customers to increase store appeal. We will renovate our stores in a way that meets the market in each area, for example, by expanding beauty products, food products and daily sundries, which are growth categories.
Women’s clothing area
Down
(Total FY 2017 to 2021 vs. FY2016)
Point 4
Strengthening of customer engagement using ICT
The“era of 100-year life expectancy”–“Lifetime Service Hub”is a challenge to establish a new customer information system in order to build stronger lifetime customer engagement. Using not only customer touch points through the Group’s cards but also the app that will be released this fall, we will accumulate fixed-form information and unfixed- form information in a multi-layered way through cross-group initiatives. We will provide new products and services to relieve customers’
“concerns” and “frustrations” by having more touch points with customers and building a long and deep relationship with them on various occasions and milestones for their entire life beginning with birth.
    Real estate rental
Shoka shiire
 <Conventional form>
Kaitori
<Hybrid form>
Kaitori e.g. Main building of
Daimaru Shinsaibashi store <Real estate rental form>
e.g. Ginza six,
Ueno Frontier Tower
      Shoka shiire
  Real estate rental
 Point 3
Area dominant formation that attracts customers with“areas”
Not as“points”of department stores but as“areas,”the Group will dominantly operate Parco and brand shops around department stores and also conduct activities in concert with local communities so that we can attract more customers. This is our own strategy that aims to grow with local communities by attracting new crowd.
Example of Urban Dominant Strategy in the Ueno Okachimachi area
Shiseido Beauty Salon
        Beauty Garden Matsuzakaya Pet Salon Libon
Birth
Infancy
School attendance
Employed
Marriage
Child raising
Second life
Parco
●Office Art ●Cinema Sports  complex
Montbell
Panda Hiroba
Integrating customer data of Department Store, Parco and other businesses and divisions
  Accumulation of fixed-form information
Use of ICT
Accumulation of unfixed information
   Integrated customer database
Integrated Report 2018 15
Business Model

  16
Management Strategy > Top Interview
Steadily Capturing the Two Sides of Risks and Accelerating the Transformation of Business Portfolio
     Q.
“Gross sales”were ¥1,138.9 billion, up 0.4% year on year, and“business profit”was ¥46.8 billion, up 4.3% year on year.“Gross sales”were ¥3 billion below forecast in October but“business profit”was ¥0.3 billion above the same forecast. Consolidated ROE on which we place the most importance was 7.5%.
We paid a year-end ordinary dividend of ¥18 per share, ¥3 more than originally planned, and an additional dividend of ¥1 per share commemorating the 10th anniversary of the establishment of J. Front Retailing, totaling ¥19. The annual dividend including the interim dividend of ¥16 was ¥35 per share, up ¥5 year on year, marking the seventh consecutive year of increase.
Q. How did you perform by business segment?
By segment, the Department Store Business saw further accelerated spending by inbound tourists to Japan in the second half. Spending by affluent people in Japan was also strong throughout the fiscal year. In the meantime, the severe sales slump in the suburban and rural stores continued.
We sold the real estate owned by Daimaru
The Company has applied the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) since fiscal year 2017. Therefore, results for fiscal year 2016 have been converted into IFRS-based figures and year-on-year comparison for fiscal year 2017 has been made with thus converted figures.
The Company’s consolidated sales revenue was ¥469.9 billion, up 3.8% year on year, in fiscal year 2017. Consolidated operating profit and profit attributable to owners of parent were ¥49.5 billion, up 18.7% year on year, and ¥28.4 billion, up 5.3% year on year, respectively. Consolidated operating profit exceeded forecast in October by ¥0.5 billion.
Considering comparability with our past performance and other companies, we also release“gross sales” close to net sales under Japanese generally accepted accounting principle“( JGAAP”), which we had applied until fiscal year 2016, and“business profit,”which has been calculated by excluding the impact of other operating income and other operating expense from operating profit under IFRS, as our own reference indicators.
Top Interview
YAMAMOTO Ryoichi Director, President and Representative Executive Officer
  Would you explain about your business results for fiscal year 2017?
 
 Matsuzakaya Department Stores from the perspective of improving asset efficiency. As a result, sales revenue increased by 2.3% from the previous year and operating profit significantly increased by 20.0%.
“Business profit”also grew by 9.1%
With respect to the Parco Business,“Parco_ya,”a
store in new Parco format, which opened as the anchor tenant of“Ueno Frontier Tower”on November 4, 2017, performed well attracting many“a little older”people than Parco’s existing target customers as expected. Meanwhile, partly due to the impact of Shibuya Parco, which closed temporarily in August 2016 for rebuilding, continuing until the first half, the impact of the closing of Chiba Parco and the sluggish performance of Neuve A, sales revenue and operating profit in total decreased by 2.3% and 9.7% year on year, respectively.
The“Real Estate Business”significantly increased sales revenue by 168.3% and operating profit by ¥3.7 billion compared to the previous year due to the great effecto“f GinzaSix,”whichopenedinApril2017,and
“Ueno Frontier Tower,”which opened in November 2017.
In addition, the effect of withdrawal from unprofitable businesses including JFR Online and JFR Plaza contributed to improving consolidated performance.
The Company transferred all shares of Forest, a consolidated subsidiary operating a direct marketing business, which was included in Other, as of August 31, 2017 to replace the business.
In conjunction with that, the Company has decided to accede to Senshukai Co., Ltd., an associate accounted for using equity method, purchasing its own shares in February 2018.
Q.
     The top line (sales) of the Department Store Business is growing.
 Ginza Six
In Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores, spending by inbound tourists dramatically increased due to the success of the measures taken by its flagship stores with strong sales to inbound tourists to cater to increasing foreign tourists to Japan including the expansion of timepiece area, the expansion of sales areas that accept mobile payments at the point of sale and the strengthening of promotion using SNS at stores.
Tax-free sales of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores grew by 62.8% year on year to ¥47.9 billion or 1.4 times from those amid shopping spree called
“bakugai”in fiscal year 2015 and have reached a level where they can be expected to exceed ¥50 billion a year. In particular, the number of customers jumped by 50.6% year on year. By merchandise category, sales of“consumables”mainly including cosmetics doubled from the previous fiscal year to almost the same level as“general products.”
Credit sales of their flagship stores, which represent the company’s gaisho sales, increased by 1.5% from the previous year because the strengthening of events
including a rare“selection of
products”and highly attractive “experience” value in response to brisker spending by affluent people in Japan against the backdrop of stable share price level and the expansion of customer base by acquiring new gaisho customers worked well. Thanks to the efforts to develop new gaisho cardholders, we could acquire
13,250 new accounts.
By store, sales of the
Shinsaibashi store, which has
 Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores tax-free sales and the number of paying customers from September 2014 onward
(¥1,000)
6,000,000 5,000,000 4,000,000 3,000,000 2,000,000 1,000,000
0
Sep Feb Feb 2014 2015 2016
(People)
100,000
80,000
60,000
40,000
20,000
Feb Feb 0 2017 2018
    Number of customers Sales
           Integrated Report 2018 17
Management Strategy

an overwhelming ability to attract inbound tourists, significantly increased for 14 consecutive months, up 14.0% year on year. The Tokyo store, which accurately brought in affluent people and increasing neighborhood office workers through strategic customer acquisition initiatives, increased sales for 18 consecutive months and the Sapporo store also increased sales for 15 consecutive months. Sales of six flagship stores were above the previous year’s level and total sales of existing stores increased for 12 consecutive months.
In the meantime, in terms of costs, though advertising expenses (up ¥0.6 billion) and operational costs (up ¥0.4 billion) associated with the opening of
“Ginza Six” and “Ueno Frontier Tower,” repair expenses for replacement of facilities (up ¥0.1 billion) and supplies expense (up ¥0.05 billion) including utility costs increased, the whole company strived to further reduce costs by decreasing actual personnel expenses (down ¥0.1 billion) including outsourcing expenses and rent (down ¥0.1 billion). The company also sold its real estate from the perspective of improving asset efficiency.
As a result, operating profit of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores soared by 41.0% year on year to ¥28.2 billion and business profit as a reference indicator significantly increased by 22.7% from the previous year to ¥27.1 billion. Operating profit and business profit exceeded forecast in October by ¥2.6 billion and ¥0.9 billion, respectively.
Free cash flow was positive at ¥3.8 billion, better than forecast in October.
Q.
Parco_ya
      18
In the meantime, why do you expect both business profit and operating profit of the Department Store Business to decrease in the current fiscal year 2018?
The Department Store Business is expected to increase sales revenue by 3.3% year on year because mainly the flagship stores of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores are projected to increase sales while the severe sales slump in rural and suburban stores is forecast to continue. However, factoring in system-related one-time costs including the replacement of POS systems with the ones that enable payment processing in the presence of customers in the second half and cost increase resulting from the improvement of facilities to make our stores safe and secure, we expect“business profit” to decrease by 2.2%. Since extraordinary income and extraordinary losses under JGAAP are included in operating profit under IFRS and there will
be an additional decline in reaction to gain on sales of real estate recorded at approximately ¥1.4 billion in the previous year, operating profit is expected to decrease by 6.6%.
Factoringinthefulloperationo“f Parco_ya,”astore in a new format, which opened in“Ueno Frontier Tower”in November 2017, the opening of Harajuku Zero Gate and Sannomiya Zero Gate and the performance of Neuve A business, which was sluggish last year but is expected to improve in the second half and beyond due to the rebuilding of strategy, the Parco Business expects to increase sales revenue and“business profit”by 4.8% and 4.5% year on year, respectively. However, operating profit is expected to remain at the same level as the previous year partly due to the absence of reversal of impairment loss recorded in the previous year.
The Real Estate Business expects sales revenue and “business profit” to significantly increase by 27.4% and 26.1% year on year, respectively, to which the full operation of Ginza Six, which opened in April 2017, and“Ueno Frontier Tower,”which opened in November 2017, will contribute. As is the case in the Department Store Business, however, operating profit is expected to decrease by 20.1% in reaction to gain on sales of real estate recorded in the previous year (¥1.6 billion).
The Credit and Finance Business expects sales revenue to increase by 7.1% year on year. While “business profit”is expected to decrease by 1.5%

 because system costs associated with security enhancements will increase, operating profit is expected to increase by 0.3%. Other expects the growth rate of sales revenue to be almost at the same level as the previous year at 0.1% partly due to the negative impact of the transfer of shares of Forest. However,“business profit”and operating profit are expected to increase by 29.8% and 22.2%, respectively, factoring in the improvement of the performance of J. Front Design & Construction, which struggled in the previous fiscal year.
Q.
    Collaboration with Parco seems to be progressing further in the wake of the opening of Ueno Frontier Tower.
 What are the achievements and challenges after fiscal year 2017 as the first year of the Medium-term Business Plan?
  Customer traffic to the main building of the Matsuzakaya Ueno store significantly increased after opening Ueno Frontier Tower on November 4, 2017. I think positive factors will certainly emerge by adding various events while implementing the Urban Dominant Strategy with new elements such as Parco, a cinema complex and offices under the new concept of“Shitamachi. Front.”The Matsuzakaya Ueno store intends to change the main building after researching new visitors after the opening of Ueno Frontier Tower instead of making a large investment before its opening. With respect to Shitamachi. Front, I think Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores and Parco are successfully working with local shopping malls and the government.
We have decided to open Parco in the north wing of the Daimaru Shinsaibashi store as its anchor tenant after completing the main building. We are working on this project with Parco closely exchanging information with each other. The main building will open first in fall 2019. We will share information on it to build the Parco and Real Estate Businesses in the north wing. It is important to develop an idea of what constitutes an ideal form as a large hybrid commercial complex with a floor area of more than 80,000 square meters. What we would like to borrow from Parco is information on what to do after departure from department store’s traditional merchandise mix by category or where the new markets which department stores fail to tap into are created. You can expect the advanced form of collaboration with Parco beyond the results achieved in Ueno Frontier Tower.
the Medium-term Business Plan, when big projects including“Ginza Six”and“Ueno Frontier Tower” contributed to growing the new Real Estate Business segment more than originally expected, got off to a good start as the first step of the“transformation of business portfolio” toward discontinuous growth which we are aiming at.
In the meantime, with respect to ICT initiatives as the measures to reinforce sales capabilities and a response to the Credit and Finance Business, which is highly positioned as a growth business, we are repeating trial and error. Unfortunately, however, it is undeniable that its progress lacks in speed and we have not achieved visible or tangible results yet. I think we need to shift gears to solve these urgent business issues.
The business environment is changing at an unprecedented speed. Various changes in the business environment mean “uncertainty” for businesses. Such uncertainty or risk includes an
“opportunity”as a positive side and“threat”as a negative side. We need to capture these two sides of risk.
To this end, the Company redefined changes in the business environment as the risk associated with the Company, and at first, identified 138 risk items. The Risk Management Committee met and the Board members lodged together to discuss in-depth the business risks we consider particularly important among them, and finally, 15 items were identified.
Q.
 Q.
138 risks are classified into strategic risks, finance risks, operation risks and hazard risks. We set priorities according to importance in the end. As a matter of course, however, the risks identified are different between the holding company and operating companies including department store operators and
I think the last fiscal year 2017 as the first year of
Could you talk about these risks a little more?
Integrated Report 2018 19
Management Strategy

   Parco. Among 15 risks identified, I asked the operating companies to specify high-priority ones as their risks after discussions. Some operating companies may have to focus on defensive risks and others need to heighten their perspectives a little more like the holding company. The risks thus identified are threats. On the contrary, they can be considered as opportunities.
For example, consumption tax will be raised in fall 2019. While worrying about a decline in consumption, we can convert it into a chance thinking of where spending by the child-raising generation who will be less burdened will go. With respect to“low birthrate and longevity,” given the “era of 100-year life expectancy,”even consumers in their 60s and 70s may become more eager to buy. Accordingly, it can also be considered as a chance. With respect to the
“evolution of technologies,”its speed is too high and it would be terrible if we fail to follow it. However, if we can successfully incorporate the evolution, it will becomeachance“. Income”maybecomeincreasingly
“polarized”in the future but we can make it a chance by serving affluent people well, which is department store’s strength. It is important to closely look at the both positive and negative sides of risk and incorporate them into a concrete strategy.
Q.
Q.
P/S at the internal performance report of department stores though they conduct business activities using significant assets. Therefore, we introduced store B/S and started the business management that incorporates ROA as a store manager’s performance indicator.
Also in the ICT field that currently requires a response with speed, we appointed a talent who possesses insight with respect to overall digital including AI from outside the Group as Executive Officer. Furthermore, in the credit and finance field that is expected to grow in the future, we appointed a highly professional person from outside the Group as the President of JFR Card, a consolidated subsidiary in the Group.
Recently, I often talk about the“combination of differentelements”insideandoutsidetheCompany.I think it is possible that the new values demanded by the present times will be born in a place where different values and cultures bump into each other. It can be said that exactly the combination of different elements through discussions and collaboration among four companies that share high goals beyond company level enabled us to create and open an unprecedented luxury mal“l Ginza Six”in April 2017.
I think“discontinuous growth”which the Company is aiming at is the aggregate results of new out-of-the- box initiatives born by breaking internal conventional rules and combining different elements.
As you know, GPIF, the world’s largest pension fund, signed the United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) in 2015 and announced the selection of three ESG indices. This showed that financial information only is not enough to understand the reality of corporations and assess their
   You have actively proceeded with governance reforms. How will you address the reforms from an ESG perspective?
 The recruitment of experts from outside the Group is becoming activated.
 Corporate governance reform in which the Company has actively taken the initiative since 2015
  Reform of the Board of Directors
Succession planning G Changes in the
organizational structure
Reform of officer remuneration system
    ES
Improving and strengthening initiatives and information disclosure concerning“E”and“S”in FY2018
 Created“ESG Promotion Division”as a dedicated unit in March
20
The Company has strengthened the orientation toward so-called B/S-based management that is conscious of asset efficiency since last year, for example, by making a balance sheet for each department store. It was the perspective of Executive Officer in charge of finance strategy who had been invited from manufacturing industry, not from retail industry, that triggered this. He said he felt something was wrong with the situation where we discussed only

      Q.
sustainability and growth potential and that non- financial information including ESG information plays a more important role. I recognize it as a great change in capital market trends and as a strong message addressed to corporations which are regarded as the
“public entities of society.”
The Company has actively taken the initiative in
the reform of the“G”of ESG or governance. In light of these trends in the capital markets, we created“ESG Promotion Division”as a dedicated unit in March. And going forward, we will also strengthen initiatives and information disclosure concerning the“E”and“S” both in terms of quality and quantity.
To this end, we identified materiality or“important tasks”we should address. Firstly, we conducted a questionnaire of stakeholders concerning 25 candidate materiality items and collected responses from 4,250 stakeholders. In the next step, we had internal discussions based on major guidelines including the GRI Standards and ISO 26000 and the assessment items of research institutes. And we have formally decided the degrees of materiality through discussions at the Board of Directors meetings. Thus by identifying and disclosing our materiality, we will make clearer the relevance between social issues and business activities and proceed with initiatives based on the concept of“CSV”or“Creating Shared Value.”
Going forward, we will set the medium- to long-term quantitative materiality goals which we should achieve, and in fall, we will hold“ESG briefings”for institutional investors.
During the five-year period of the Medium-term Business Plan, we will generate operating cash flows of ¥260 billion or more and allocate ¥200 billion to capital investment and growth investment for the innovation of existing businesses and the
transformation of business portfolio.
Investment in the five-year period of the Medium-
term Business is expected to peak in fiscal year 2019 when the“main building of the Daimaru Shinsaibashi store”and“new Shibuya Parco,”which are being rebuilt, and subsequently, in fiscal year 2020 and 2021, free cash flows of more than ¥20 billion each are projected to be generated.
Five-year cumulative free cash flows of ¥60 billion or more will be allocated to shareholder return and the expansion of equity. Our shareholder return policy is to consider purchasing our own shares as appropriate on the basis of dividend payout ratio of at least 30% and in view of our financial condition.
The Company increased dividends for seven consecutive years until the previous fiscal year ended on February 28, 2018. Also in the fiscal year ending on February 28, 2019, we are planning to increase an annual ordinary dividend by ¥2, marking the 8th consecutive dividend increase.
As mentioned above, by promoting capital policy in consideration of the balance of strategic investment, the improvement of shareholder return and the expansion of equity, we will strive to realize the management structure that can achieve ROE of 8% continuously.
The Company’s current cost of shareholders’equity has been calculated to be about 6%, and over the medium term, it is expected to remain within the range of 6 to 7%. Therefore, I recognize that the target ROE of 8% set under the current Medium-term Business Plan is the minimum level to be achieved in order to meet shareholders’expectations. The transformation of business portfolio is expected to lead to reduction of equity cost as well as helping building up a business structure foundation. We would like to steadily accumulate tangible results to develop as a
“Multi Service Retailer”beyond the framework of retail.
Would you explain your view of shareholder return?
 Dividends
(Yen) 40
35 30 25 20 15 10
5
0 2008 2009 2010 2011
2
   Commemorative dividend Ordinary dividend
     28 25
35 33
2017 2018(forecast) FY
 27 22
      16 14 14 16
18
     2012 2013
2014 2015 2016
 Integrated Report 2018 21
Management Strategy

 Management Strategy > 【Special Report】Business Risk (Opportunity and Threat)
Risk is“Uncertainty”
Seeing both the positive side“opportunity”and the negative side“threat”
 In order to develop strategies, the Company has analyzed opportunities for consideration in the past. Meanwhile, “risk” management was focused on hedging risks. However, as we can recognize both “positive risk (opportunity)” and “negative risk (threat)” if we define risk as “uncertainty,” we have thought we will be able to increase profit opportunities by taking risks in addition to hedging risks as in the past.
The Company redefined changes in the business environment as the risk associated with the Company, and at first, identified 138 risk items. The Risk Management Committee met and the Board members lodged together to discuss in-depth the business risks we consider particularly important among them, and finally, we identified 15 items as our business risks.
In fiscal year 2018, the holding company and operating companies respectively selected six items they place particular importance on from these 15 items and incorporate them into their management policies to promote their specific action plans. With these initiatives, we will further change our business portfolio through “discontinuous growth” as a “Multi Service Retailer” beyond the framework of retail to realize the Group Vision “Create and Bring to Life ‘New Happiness.’”
      Occurrence of wars/conflicts
Aggravated terrorism issues
Occurrence of economic crisis / financial crisis Occurrence of trade issues
Surge of emerging countries
Consumption tax hike
Promotion of tourism-oriented country policy Reduction of corporate tax and measures for encouraging investment Promotion of business using National Strategic Special Zones Promotion of outsourcing of operation of public facilities to private sector Promotion of sharing economy
Economic trends
Development of financial markets
Changes in interest rate / share price / exchange rate Polarized income
Expansion of the affluent
Decrease in disposable income
Increasingly diversified consumption pattern Consumption shift from goods to services/experiences
Rise in persistence and health consciousness Spread of cheap goods/services
Low birthrate / longevity (declining population) Return to urban areas (population concentration) and depopulation in rural areas Growing population in America / Southeast Asia Increase in single-person households (aged/young people) Increase in double-income / single-parent households Escalation of and increasing interest in environmental issues / poverty issues Growing shortage of energy resources Evolution of AI (artificial intelligence) / robots Expansion of EC business
Evolution of payment/order-related technologies Expansion of use of big data
Fiercer competition in attracting inbound tourists Fiercer competition from outside the industry Fiercer competition in customer retention Fiercer competition in maximizing user experience Success/failure of analysis/rebuilding of business portfolio Success/failure of development and progress management of mid- to long-term plan Success/failure of management of companies acquired through M&A Success/failure of penetration of mission statement / vision Success/failure of brand strategy Success/failure of hostile takeover defense measures Success/failure of innovation
Opportunity loss due to prolonged examination period
Pressure of unreasonable expectations from inside/outside the company Delay in decision-making due to lack of adherence to withdrawal criteria Loss of funds due to excess investment Impairment due to gap between plan and result Revision of real estate-related laws / tax systems Changes in assessed land values or building construction costs Entry of competing companies / changes in surrounding environment Inadequate safety management of buildings and equipment* Soil pollution / asbestos
Changes in rent
Bankruptcy of landlord
Decline in rent / increase in vacancies Non-payment of rent and bankruptcy of tenants Success/failure of exit strategy (purchaser) Changes in employee age structure
Growing labor shortage and fiercer recruitment competition Success/failure of acquiring specialists for IT, etc. Success/failure of work style reform Success/failure of response to diversity Success/failure of operation of retirement benefit / pension system Success/failure of succession plan Increase/decrease of audit accuracy Success/failure of reform of the Board of Directors Success/failure of provision of remuneration and incentives Success/failure of risk management
22
 138 risk items identified

  15 important items selected = Business risks
Identified 15 items as the Company’s business risks and selected 6 items (bold letters) we place importance on in the current fiscal year
      Risk associated with consumption tax hike and post-Olympic recession
Risk associated with consumption shift from products to services / experiences
Risk associated with increasing importance of CSR
      Risk associated with changes in customers, particularly, low birthrate and longevity
Risk associated with advanced technologies
Risk associated with the progress of sharing economy
      Risk associated with maturing of existing businesses
Risk associated with
return to urban areas and shrinkage of rural/ suburban areas
Risk associated with the conversion of business partners
      Risk associated with human resources / human resources structure
Risk associated with polarized income
Risk associated with misconduct
      Risk associated with competition from new entrants
Risk associated with the expansion of foreigners
Risk associated with disasters, etc.
   Success/failure of operation of internal control system over financial reporting Success/failure of strengthening of the Group governance Success/failure of fair disclosure / ESG information disclosure Success/failure of sustainability policy Success/failure of social contribution activities Success/failure of waste reduction and promotion of recycling Leakage of hazardous materials (CFC, PCB, etc.) Success/failure of global warming prevention activities Misstatements in financial statements Impairment of assets (including goodwill) Success/failure of business revitalization / withdrawal based on revitalization/withdrawal criteria
Application of new accounting standards (lease standards) Success/failure of response to tax system revision Success/failure of timely disclosure Success/failure of management of cash and deposits / interest-bearing debt Success/failure of funding
Rating changes
Success/failure of strategic investment based on investment criteria Success/failure of examination of business portfolio and optimal capital structure Exchange rate fluctuations
Inadequate business continuity plan for disaster recovery Disaster-stricken store facilities / business partners Transportation infrastructure suspended by disaster
Inadequate first response to disaster
Inadequate safety management of buildings and equipment* Outbreak of plague and infection
Occurrence of traffic accidents
Virus infection / information leakage due to external cyber attacks Internal information leakage
Late report of / inadequate response to incidents Improper posting / information leakage by employees (SNS) Loss of credibility from customer’s tweet (SNS) Improper posting from the company’s official account (SNS) Product defect and food poisoning Incorrect/false labeling of quality / expiration date Leakage of personal/customer information Improper/unclear sales recording / charging Customer’s bankruptcy/insolvency
Accidents and customer troubles due to inadequate/incomplete operation rules Dependence on particular customers (customer segments) Improper treatment of business partners Infringement of intellectual property rights Unfair/illegal transactions
Late/short delivery of goods
Bankruptcy of business partners
Inadequate management of contractors
Cargo increase / growing labor shortage at logistics companies
Delivery time restrictions / redelivery reduction Late delivery / misdelivery / loss or damage of goods Product liability
Inadequate quality control (PB goods, buildings, etc.) Less precisely planned order
Delay/failure of development
Rise in production costs
Late response to technical innovation
Late response to equal pay / equal work Lack/failure of human resource development plan Fraud / illegal act of the Board members / employees Inadequate response to human rights issues Inadequate health management / mental health management Improper contracting / outsourcing / worker dispatching Inadequate staffing
Legal violation
Transactions with antisocial forces Inadequate regulations/rules
Lack of notification/license
Leakage of confidential information / insider information Occurrence of litigation/lawsuit
Lack of consciousness of prevention of incidents/accidents and compliance
*Respectively recognized as an important hazard risk and an important risk in the strategy of the Real Estate Business.
Integrated Report 2018 23
  Management Strategy
 
Management Strategy > Whole Picture of Medium-term Business Plan
 Phase of changing the Group structure
Got off to a Good Start toward Changing Business Portfolio
FY 2017 to 2021 Medium-term Business Plan
We have defined the five years from fiscal year 2017 to 2021, when the big development projects launched under the FY 2014 to 2016 Medium-term Business Plan will be completed and generate revenue, as the period of the current Medium-term Business Plan. We will achieve dramatic growth by completing these development projects. And at the same time, positioning the period as a turning point to drastically alter the course of the management of the Group toward realizing discontinuous growth based on the new Group Vision, that is, a“phase of changing the Group structure,”we aim to achieve ROE of 8% or more in fiscal year 2021.
To this end, by taking a step forward from the past idea of a multifaceted retailer to expand into new business fields as a“Multi Service Retailer”beyond the framework of retail while further accelerating our efforts to identify unprofitable business fields, we will aggressively promote business reshuffle.
With these initiatives, we will achieve the Group’s sustainable growth and medium- to long-term enhancement of corporate value.
   Idea on business portfolio
The“Real Estate Business”was newly added as a reportable segment in fiscal year 2017 and the Group has a total of four segments including the“Department Store Business,”the“Parco Business”and the“Credit and Finance Business.”We will decrease the share of the Department Store Business and the Parco Business, which represented almost 90% of operating profit of the Group, to around 70%, and instead, strengthen the Real Estate Business and expand new business fields to increase their share.
In fiscal year 2017, which is the first year of the current Medium- term Business Plan, the Real Estate Business segment grew substantially due to opening of“Ginza Six”and“Ueno Frontier Tower”for which preparations we had proceeded with as big projects. Thus we got off to a good start toward changing business portfolio at which we are aiming.
Transition to the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
For the purpose of implementing efficient management based on appropriate asset evaluation and managing our business with a focus on profit for the current period as well as strengthening accountability to domestic and overseas investors by improving the international comparability of financial information, we decided to voluntarily apply the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) beginning in March 2017 when the current Medium-term Business Plan started. We will disclose the Group’s business forecasts and results including the quantitative management objectives of the Medium-term Business Plans under IFRS.
When disclosing our financial results, considering comparability with our past performance and our peers, we release“gross sales”close to net sales under Japanese generally accepted accounting principle (JGAAP) and“business profit”as our own reference indicators.
     Actual share and target share of consolidated operating profit
(Millions of yen) 60,000
50,000 40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000
 14.1%
6.8%
18%
Credit and Finance Business Other
Real Estate Business Parco Business Department Store Business
    14.7% 0.8%
31.2%
8.3% 23.7%
17.7%
12%
        24.2%
26%
    53.3%
53.8%
51.3%
44%
        0
2016 2017
2018 2021 (FY)
24

  Qualitative management objectives (IFRS)
 Finance strategy structure diagram
10
8
40
Operating margin
Equity ratio
%
%
%
FCF >
0
ROE
  Consolidated operating profit (IFRS)
Consolidated operating margin (IFRS)
Consolidated ROE (IFRS)
(Ratio of profit to equity attributable to owners of parent)
Consolidated operating cash flows
Capital investment and growth investment
Target FY2021
¥56 billion
10.0%
8.0% or more
Total FY 2017 – 2021
¥260 billion or more
¥200 billion
        Capital investment under the Medium-term Business Plan
Capital investment is expected to peak in fiscal year 2019 when the new main building of the Daimaru Shinsaibashi store and new Shibuya Parco, which are being rebuilt, will open, and in the following fiscal year 2020 and beyond, free cash flows of ¥20 to 30 billion level are projected to be generated each year.
(Millions of yen) 60,000
50,000 40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000
0
Other
Capital investment Growth investment
¥200
       27,021
49,300
58,000
37,500
28,180
 M&A
Parco Business
Daimaru Matsuzakaya
Real Estate Business
   billion
  2017 2018
2019 2020
2021 (FY)
 Overview of Medium-term Business Plan
FY 2014-2016 Medium-term Business Plan <Phase of building foundations>
FY 2017-2021 Medium-term Business Plan <Phase of changing the Group structure>
Realizing the Vision
 1
Growth strategy
1 Multi Service Retailer Strategy
2 Urban Dominant Strategy
3 ICT Strategy toward IoT era
4 Initiatives to innovate existing businesses
2
Strengthening business foundations that support growth strategy
Promoting the expansion of business fields including service fields beyond the framework of retail and strengthening highly efficient businesses to realize the new Group Vision in consideration of increasingly diverse lifestyles
Heightening the appeal of real stores including department stores and Parco and enhancing soft contents to respond to increasingly diverse means of seeking enjoyment
Promoting strengthening of corporate governance [transition to a Company with Three Committees (Nomination, Audit and Remuneration Committees)], the Group finance strategy (transition to IFRS), renovation of the Group operations systems, the Group organization/HR reform and CSR activities
  Expanding real estate lease area by strengthening the function of the Real Estate Business and expanding Urban Dominant initiatives for growing with local communities
  Developing ICT infrastructure and strengthening EC to increase profitability and strengthening relations with customers and creating new businesses using ICT
      Integrated Report 2018 25
Management Strategy

 Management Strategy > Urban Dominant Strategy
Exterior of Ginza Six
 Growing and Coexisting with Local Communities
 Ginza Six
The Ginza area’s largest luxury mall“Ginza Six” made its grand opening on April 20, 2017 drawing much attention from all over Japan and even from abroad. More than half of 241 world-class quality brands that were carefully selected and collected are flagship stores. In addition, the creation of unconventional store environment using art, customer management and analysis using ICT, and promotion creating a buzz and conscious of being spread on SNS are also a symbol of
“discontinuous growth”we aim at.
By category, luxury brands are very popular among
affluent people in Japan and inbound tourists to Japan. Fashion items are steadily creating customer loyalty by offering Ginza Six limited items. Cosmetics draw customers from Japan and abroad by actively providing unique services and events. Food products are also popular due to successful lineup of items available only at Ginza Six, many of which are sold out.
Another feature of this project is a great deal of attention from the media. In April when it opened, the total number of media exposures including
that“fame attracts fame.”
We think there are two key factors for success (KFS)
in Ginza Six.
One is the“combination of different elements”through
initiatives beyond company level. Ginza Six is a big project for which four companies including J. Front Retailing, Mori Building, Sumitomo Corporation and L Catterton Real Estate collaborated. These four companies which have totally different backgrounds and corporate cultures jointly aimed at creating new world- class value and put together their wisdom and energy in the world’s leading commercial area Ginza. As a result, we think the unprecedented“innovative luxury mall” causing a buzz worldwide was born by the chemical reaction that occurred among these four companies or
“four different elements.”
The other is many brand new ideas we tried toward
“discontinuous”growth, not an extension of the status quo by choosing to abandon our past successful experiences and“not to make it a department store.”We could create special experiences and values available only there including luxury duplex boutiques adding color to the façade, store space design such as the bold atrium welcoming visitors with art, the unique layout of passages reminiscent of the“back alleys in Ginza”and the floor composition beyond the so-called framework of department store’s merchandise classification. In other words, in the era when online shopping is rapidly growing and it has already been said that“online shopping is driving out real stores”in Western countries, wethinkwecouldpresentan“answer”tothequestions
     26
People in line at opening
before and after its opening such as TV, newspaper, magazine and the Internet, was as many as 8,200. The overwhelming number of media exposures created a chain reaction

    Map around Matsuzakaya Ueno store
 Toei Oedo Line
  Ueno Okachimachi Station
Shiseido Matsuzakaya Beauty Salon
  Kasuga-dori
Okachimachi Panda Hiroba
    Ueno Main
Ueno Frontier Tower
Beauty Gaden Pet Salon Libon
Art Sports Montbell
         Art in the atrium of Ginza Six
“What values are expected of real stores to provide and what is the meaning of the existence of real stores?”
Ueno Frontier Tower
The south wing of the Matsuzakaya Ueno store was rebuilt and“Ueno Frontier Tower”opened on November 4, 2017. With an anchor tenant Parco on the 1st to 6th floors, the Matsuzakaya Ueno store on the 1st basement floor, Toho Cinemas on the 7th to 10th floors and highly functional offices on the 12th to 22nd floors, a commercial complex as a new landmark in the area was born.
This is the first big development project jointly implemented by Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores and Parco. The initiatives of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores and Parco achieved a certain result in joint sales promotion and others in the areas where the stores of the two companies are adjacent to each other. And we think this project led us to enter into a stage where the Group synergy with Parco shifts into full swing in more situations. The new Parco store opened in this“Ueno Frontier Tower”was named “Parco_ya,” which is an example of new initiatives with unprecedented concept. Specialty shops there were selected to attract the customers who visit the adjacent Matsuzakaya Ueno store or Toho Cinemas Ueno and workers in offices on upper floors.“Parco” opened a store in a new area in the 23 wards of Tokyo for the first time in 44 years. Under the new name
“Parco_ya,”the store contributes to tapping a new market in the area with a brand lineup suitable for the surrounding environment and catering to a little
Okachimachi area, which was named “Shitamachi.
Front,”started in full swing. Specifically, we enhanced disseminationoflocalinformationandappeMalaupsinagrthoeundMatsuz community site“Ueno ga Suki.”At the same time, by
creating multiple sales spaces in conjunction with this
“Ueno ga Suki,”we built a new mechanism to increase customer loyalty, which helps strengthen customer relations. In addition, by holding various events starting from the adjacent“Okachimachi Panda Hiroba”to dramatically increase our ability to attract customers, we will contribute to revitalizing the whole area.
Promoting urban development in key areas
In addition to these big development projects, the Group will make active efforts to further expand real estate leasing area in urban areas which can be expected to grow.
New commercial facilities which opened, or will open, in fiscal year 2018 include four projects by the Real Estate Division of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores such as“Blue Bottle Coffee”in the Nanzenji area, Kyoto and three projects by the Zero Gate business of Parco such as Kyoto Zero Gate and Harajuku Zero Gate, totaling seven projects. Furthermore, we are considering promoting five projects or so around flagship department stores in fiscal year 2018.
At the same time, in five key areas including Shinsaibashi, Kyoto Karasuma, Kobe Motomachi, Nagoya Sakae and Ueno Okachimachi, we will also clarify respective“area strategies”by implementing
       older people than Parco’s existing target customers.
In conjunction with the opening of this
“Ueno Frontier Tower,” the Urban Dominant Strategy in the Ueno
promotion programs for developing the areas around department stores and motivating people to visit the areas in collaboration with local communities to promote the Urban Dominant Strategy for growing with local communities.
 Matsuzakaya Ueno store and Ueno Frontier Tower
Blue Bottle Coffee Kyoto Cafe
Integrated Report 2018 27
Chuo-dori
Management Strategy
Nakaokachimachi Station Showa-dori Tokyo Metro Hibiya Line
JR Okachimachi Station
Ueno Hirokoji Station
Tokyo Metro Ginza Line
a

 Management Strategy > ICT Strategy
“Aggressive”and“Defensive”toward Full-scale IoT Era
  “Lifetime Service Hub”concept
The Group has a great advantage of holding good customer assets mainly through Daimaru, Mtsuzakaya and Parco. Currently, however, most of our contact points with these customers are real stores and other retail, which is only a small part of their lives.
Therefore, we intend to build a new customer base named“Lifetime Service Hub”and create a system for“strengthening lifetime customer engagement.” And thereby we will collect and use not only“fixed information”obtained when providing products and services but also “unfixed information” obtained through daily conversations with customers and communities to understand customers more deeply than ever and dramatically enhance engagement.
The“Lifetime Service Hub”is illustrated by the chart on the right. With so-called“era of 100-year life expectancy”in mind, we will provide new products and services that help relieve customers“’frustrations” and“concerns”by having more contact points than ever and building long and deep relations with them on various occasions and milestones throughout their lives beginning from birth to expand our business fields.
through the establishment of a new company“JFR Kodomo Mirai Co., Ltd.”is a part of our initiatives based on the concept mentioned above. By contacting with people in their infancy, which is the beginning of life under the“Lifetime Service Hub”concept, and having many day-to-day communications with their parents while putting the provision of high quality and advanced early childhood education first, we would like to create opportunities for providing new value.
     Image of Lifetime Service Hub concept
Birth Infancy School Employed Married Child Second attendance raising life
      Department store
Parco
JFR Card
Dimples’ Tomonokai
J. Front Foods JFR Kodomo Mirai, etc.
    CRM
CRM
CRM
CRM
    Customer profile for department stores
Customer profile for Parco
Customer profile for JFR Card
Customer profile for Dimples’ Tomonokai
J. Front Foods
 Analysis/proposal by AI
Integrated database (DB)
28
The“entry into early childhood education business”

      Advancing sales activities using digital technology
What is expected in the use of ICT particularly in department stores is the perspectives of the“provision of new customer experience”and the“advancement of sales measures.”Beginning in the current fiscal year, Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores will promote full-scale digital strategy by incorporating knowledge from outside the company.
Specifically, by introducing a communication-based mobile application equipped with point card function (The payment function is scheduled to become available next fiscal year.) starting from the Daimaru Tokyo store in fall 2018, improving gaisho sales activities using digital tools (SFA), and increasing sales areas where inbound tourists can make mobile payments, we will overhaul all sales process operations to reform department store operations so that they catch up with the era of ICT.
With respect to department store e-commerce (EC), we will revise the conventional“full category”lineup conscious of real department stores by narrowing it down to gift, beauty and food products in which the strength of department stores can be shown, we would like to achieve tangible results.
systems in the Group, mainly department stores, including how the aging of existing systems is addressed, and take inventory of these systems and we will start a full-scale shift to cloud-based systems according to the system policy developed based on their results.
Work style reform starting from RPA
We are introducing RPA (Robotic Process Automation) to realize the“work style reform”using ICT. Specifically, at three companies including J. Front Retailing, Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores and JFR Service, routine operations such as expense calculation, download and tabulation of accounting data, checkup of data and creation of and input to performance management table are picked up to be covered by RPA. In fiscal year 2017, RPA was introduced to 48 operations among them, reducing about 4,400 man-hours. In fiscal year 2018, RPA will cover additional 60 operations, expecting about 5,400 man-hour reduction. During the five-year period of the current Medium-term Business Plan, we will automate about 28,000 man-hours by expanding RPA to 300 operations across the Group to increase productivity.
While going paperless using this initiative, we will realize BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) ensuring system security and create a telework environment for full-scale“work style reform.”
 Image of cloud-based systems
         Rebuilding “department store digital strategy”
by actively incorporating knowledge from outside the company
Revising department store EC
Narrowing down existing “full category” EC lineup to gift, beauty and food
“Provision of new customer experience” and “advancement of sales measures”
  Store
Mobile app, payment processing before customers, etc.
    Gaisho
New SFA,
sales activities using ICT, etc.
Inbound
Mobile payment, use of SNS, etc.
   Work style reform using ICT
Radical overhaul of operation frames centered on paperless operations using ICT
 Order
Arrival Storage
Sales
Sales
Settlement
Back office
Payment Performance Closing collection management
Tax HR Admin
Promoting operation process reform using ICT
 Automation/streamlining of administrative processing
 Paperless
Introduction of advanced core system
    Introduction of RPA
  Realizing BYOD (Bring Your Own Device)
Expansion of scope of the Group shared services
 Introduction of new GW/WF
Radical reform of the Group operations
  Creating telework environment
 Full-scale “work style reform” through operation reform using ICT
   Shift to cloud-based systems in the Group
It is necessary to introduce“high speed,”“low cost” and“secure”systems in order to diversify businesses and develop new businesses using IT. Therefore, the Group decided to build IT infrastructure, which serves as a basis for creating and operating systems, in the cloud, and beginning in fiscal year 2018, the systems of J. Front Retailing, Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Store and other subsidiaries and associates in the Group will be basically developed and operated in the cloud. At the same time, we will study hundreds of
Integrated Report 2018 29
Management Strategy

 Rendering of new main building of Daimaru Shinsaibashi store
Management Strategy > Innovation of Department Store Business (Rebuilding of Main Building of Daimaru Shinsaibashi Store)
Creating“Future Department Store”
  Structural issues facing department stores
According to the statistics of the Japan Department Stores Association, department store sales in Japan remain on a downward trend after peaking at ¥9.7 trillion in 1991. There are multiple causes including store saturation, a shift in demographics, shrinking rural economy, globalization, changes in consumption quality and changes in customers. We think one of the important issues we should resolve is the store structure overly dependent on fashion clothing, which rapidly expanded in the early 1980s.
According to the Family Income and Expenditure Survey by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communication, the percentage of expenditure on clothingofthe“annualaverageofmonthlyconsumption expenditure per household”decreased from 7.3% in 1991 to 3.8% in 2017. Behind this trend, we assume that there are great changes in ways of self-expression and values particularly among young people as well as
increasing globalization and casualization of fashion, and furthermore, a shift to online shopping.
In spite of these changes in customers’buying behavior, in flagship department stores, the sales floor area of women’s clothing remains bloated since the late 1980s. We are planning to reduce the area by about 30% or 16,000 square meters compared to fiscal year 2016 during the period of the current Medium-term Business Plan in an effort to correct this gap.
In the spaces newly created by such reduction, we will expand categories and contents that have growth potential and the ability to attract many customers. In the current fiscal year, we are planning to reduce sales area by around 10% compared to fiscal year 2016 mainly in the Daimaru Umeda and Sapporo stores and the Matsuzakaya Nagoya store. In thus created spaces, we will change merchandising by creating sales areas combining beauty products, food and daily sundries and introducing the brands that meet the demand for service and experience-focused consumption to respond to
changes in the market for each store.
The rebuilding project of the main building of the Daimaru Shinsaibashi store is positioned as a symbol of innovation of the Department Store Business. The main building of the Shinsaibashi store is being
     Expenditure on“clothing and footwear”and its percentage of consumption expenditures
30,000 25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000 5,000
Source: Family Income and Expenditure Survey by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communication “Average of Monthly Disbursements per Household ‒ Two-or-more-person Households” 8.0
7.0 6.0 5.0 4.0 3.0 2.0 2.0
                              1992
1997
2002
2007
2012
2017
 30
Rebuilding of the main building of the Daimaru Shinsaibashi store
looking ahead to the future

 rebuilt aimed at opening in fall 2019. In the new main building, we would like to embody an innovative“new department store model”showing the future directions of department stores in all aspects including merchandise mix, service and environment, which have never been seen in existing department stores.
The strengths of the Shinsaibashi store are many affluent customers and the ability to pull in the greatest number of inbound tourists in Japan. While further strengthening these strengths, we will“create added value”including new services and experiences only available in real sores.
At the same time, by drastically revising our transaction format mix including“kaitori,”“shoka shire” and“real estate rental”to achieve an optimal balance among them, we would like to embody an innovative and profitable“new department store model.”
After completing the reconstruction of the main building, the business model of the north wing will make a major shift from a department store to real estate rental. The north wing has two basement floors and 14 floors above ground. We decided to open“Parco”as its big anchor tenant occupying the 2nd basement floor to the 7th floor above ground.
There is no store in Parco format in the Osaka area and many local customers have eagerly awaited for the opening of Parco. We think this project will meet their expectations and be positioned as an important measure to help Parco enhance the strength of store brand. It is also very meaningful as store opening in one of the key areas of the Urban Dominant Strategy implemented by the Company.
The big full-scale joint development of stores by the “department store”and“Parco”in this north wing is the second case following“Ueno Frontier Tower.”Through this initiative, we will further expand the creation of the
Group synergy.
And then, by connecting these two buildings, the new
main building and the north wing, we will create an innovative and profitable hybrid commercial complex with a total floor space of more than 80,000 square meters to attract a wide range of customers from a wide area and draw new crowds to the area.
Future Standard Laboratory
Five years from now, how will we live? What tools will become mainstream? What clothing will we wear? What food will we eat? And what will we experience? – We created“Future Standard Laboratory”in 2017 to propose and deliver information on what will become a standard in the future. Contacting with various creators, cultural figures, universities, local communities and NPOs and many companies, we will promote the“combination of different elements”to“create”things and services/ experiences which will become standards in the future.
      Changing the business model of the north wing using synergy with Parco
  Structure of new main building and north wing of Daimaru Shinsaibashi store
< MAP around Shinsaibashi store >
●Changing the business model of the north wing of the Shinsaibashi store to “real estate rental” after completing the new main building
●Anchor tenant “Parco” will occupy the 2nd basement floor to the 7th floor. Upper floors will be operated by Real Estate Division.
●Creating more synergy of the Group through the joint development of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores and Parco
    14F 13F 12F 11F 10F
9F 8F 7F 6F 5F 4F 3F 2F 1F B1 B2
Theater / event hall
New main building
ZERO GATE Shinsaibashi
LUMIÈRE PARIS
Commercial complex
Shinsaibashi161
agnès b. air-OSAKA ROSE BUD
North wing
lucien pellat‐finet
Parking
       Real estate rental model
    10F 9F 8F 7F 6F 5F 4F 3F 2F 1F B1 B2
(North)
(South)
             Department store (Daimaru Shinsaibashi store)
    Parco
*There are some exceptions.
             Connecting to the north wing after rebuilding the new main building (planned for spring 2021)
Nagahori-dori
BAG'n'NOUN CHANEL
Daimaru Interior building Museé Air Shinsaibashi
 White Avenue
 Parking
Daimaru Shinsaibashi store (Main)
acca Nike Osaka
  Hybrid commercial complex with more than 80,000 m2 floor area
Integrated Report 2018 31
Management Strategy
Shinsaibashisuji
Midosuji

 Management Strategy > Innovation of Parco Business (New Shibuya Parco)
“Next-generation Parco”in Shibuya
Rendering of New Shibuya Parco
      New Shibuya Parco
The rebuilding project of Shibuya Parco is a pillar of the innovation of the Parco Business. Shibuya Parco, which is being rebuilt, has made various new proposals as the starting point of Parco’s uniqueness. In“new Shibuya Parco,”whichisscheduledtoopeninfall2019,wewould like to bring together new initiatives which have never been done in conventional commercial facilities.
The scheme of this project was approved in December 2015 as an urban planning project of special urban renaissance district, not simple rebuilding. Based on evaluation of its contribution to urban renaissance, its floor- area ratio was allowed to increase. With respect to the income and expenditure of the redevelopment project, proceeds from the disposal of reserve floor area will cover project cost, land maintenance cost, construction cost, compensation cost for the suspension of business and others. The office area of reserve floor area was sold and the store area will be acquired by Parco.
Scheme of“Udagawa-cho District 14/15 Category 1 Urban Redevelopment Project”
Income and expenditure of Udagawa-cho District 14/15 Category 1 Urban Redevelopment Project
Proceeds from disposal of reserve floor area: Approx ¥46.4 bn
With respect to the direction of store planning, we aim to create next-generation commercial space that provides appeal unique to Parco’s own real store including new shopping experiences using the latest technologies for customer services, payment methods and others, new ideas to meet changing lifestyles of mature urban consumers, and
“learning”and“experiences”using“Parco Theater”that will be newly reborn. Using the advantages of commercial complex including offices, we will expand the business by expanding contact with various companies, provide advanced tenant services using ICT, and cooperate in the
“creation of Entertainment City”in Shibuya-ku.
By spreading the new achievements and know-how gained through this project to other urban stores gradually, we will realize the evolution of the store brand of entire
Parco.
Expanding commercial real estate
As the initiatives of the Parco Business to expand commercial real estate including Zero Gate and new formats, eight development projects are in progress in fiscal year 2018. Specifically, Kyoto Zero gate, which partially opened in 2017, will fully open and three other stores including Harajuku Zero Gate and Sannomiya Zero Gate will open in fiscal year 2018. From late 2018 to fiscal year 2019, stores in new formats will open in Kinshicho and Urasoe, Okinawa. In addition, we decided to open Kawasaki Zero Gate in fall 2019 to cultivate the central part of Kawasaki-shi that is expected to grow and improve urban function.
  Project cost,
land maintenance cost, construction cost, etc.
 Compensation cost
Suspension of business, relocation cost, etc.
 Store area
*To be acquired by Parco
 Office cost, etc.
  Expenditure
Office area
*Concluded transfer agreement concerning office floor with Hulic
Income
   32

  Cultivating urban areas with growth potential by developing new formats in addition to Parco and Zero Gate
   Kyoto
Kyoto Zero Gate Opened in Nov 2017
Kobe
Sannomiya Zero Gate (provisional)
Opening date is to be determined
Ueno
Parco_ya
Opened in Nov 2017
Kinshicho
In front of Kinshicho Sta Scheduled to open
in the 2nd half of 2018
Shibuya
New Shibuya Parco Scheduled to open in fall 2019
    Okinawa
Urasoe West Coast Project Scheduled to open
in summer 2019
Harajuku Harajuku Zero Gate Opened in Mar 2018
Existing Parco store
Existing Zero Gate
Store opening after the start of the current Medium-term Business Plan and development project already announced
     Revitalizing existing stores
In each Parco store, we promote renovation based on changes in consumption and store characteristics. In fiscal year 2017, we conducted renovation of approximately 35,000 square meters. In urban stores, mainly Nagoya Parco and FukuokaParco“, spaces”thatoffernewwaysofcommunicating were provided and restaurants that offer information were introduced. In community stores, mainly Urawa Parco and Tsudanuma Parco, food floors, which play a central part in encouraging customers to make multiple purchases and stay longer in the store, were renovated and large-scale key tenants with strong ability to bring in customers were invited.
In fiscal year 2018, we are planning to renovate floor area of approximately 35,000 square meters under the theme of the creation of new added value that meets diversified consumption needs. By introducing key items, mainly
“cosmetics”and“food”-related products, we will carry out renovations to expand the variety of fashion zones.
In urban stores, we will introduce“health & beauty”as a provider of added value for lifestyles and provide new food style ideas including formats and shop interior and common space decoration. In community stores, we will continue to strengthen their offering by introducing high quality supermarkets that meet market needs and improving food specialty shops.
In the stores business, we provide customer services and tenant services using ICT as a customer service and tenant support policy.
Aiming at digital transformation that is expected to be adopted on a full scale in new Shibuya Parco, which is planned to open in fall 2019, we conduct the pilot tests of the measures to provide new consumption experiences by expanding in-store services of commercial facility Parco.
For customers, we introduced a 3D scanner, which enables customers to post the 3D images of their coordinated styles on social media, at SR6 in Shibuya in December and use it to sell fashion items. We also developed voice search service Alexa Skill that provides voice guidance service in Parco stores and installed it in Ikebukuro Parco in April. Furthermore, aiming at improving our ability to offer information as media, we will implement various initiatives, beginning in the 2nd half of 2018, including increasing buying menu in conjunction with information on Pocket Parco.
For tenants and brands in Parco stores, we help them strengthen sales and the transmission of information. We changed the orientation training programs for newly employed people to be provided online so that they can take them at their convenient time and focus on customer services at stores.
When opened“Parco_ya”in Ueno Frontier Tower, we introduced at each shop Japan’s first service to analyze“store traffic”and“customer attributes”such as age and gender, which can be used to ensure appropriate personnel structure according to store traffic by time of day and changes in store traffic by date and time and revise product lineup according to customer attributes.
    Commercial facility’s first shared office / co-working space (Fukuoka Parco)
Tested a 3D scanner for coordinated styles (Shibuya SR6)
Improvement of customer services and tenant services
Integrated Report 2018 33
Management Strategy

Management Strategy > Finance Strategy
 Building a Financial Base to Achieve an ROE of 8%
 Promoting management in recognition of capital cost
The Group aims to achieve a consolidated ROE of 8% or more in fiscal year 2021, which is the final year of the Medium-term Business Plan. We began with recognizing shareholders’/ investors’expected return, that is, our cost of shareholders’equity to set an ROE target of 8%.
The cost of shareholders’equity has been calculated at a little less than 6% at the end of February 2018 but we see it moving in the range of 6% to 7% over the medium to long term. Therefore, we think we are expected to stably achieve an ROE of 8% or more exceeding the cost of shareholders’equity mentioned above.
The WACC (weighted average cost of capital) has been calculated at a little less than 5% at the end of February 2018. But we recognize the WACC of the whole Group has been at the level of around 5% over the medium to long term and each of our main businesses including the Department Store Business, Parco Business, Real Estate Business and Credit and Finance Business also recognizes its WACC.
In the process of changing our business portfolio, we will be conscious of decreasing capital cost by reducing shareholders’/investors’recognition of business risks and pursuing an optimal capital structure.
The Group will generate operating cash flows of ¥260 billion or more in total during the five-year period of the current Medium-term Plan (FY 2017 to 2021), and from them, ¥200 billion will be allocated mainly to capital investment in existing businesses and growth strategy investment to expand into new businesses
toward restructuring its business portfolio. A little more than 60% of such investment will be allocated to the Department Store Business and Parco Business, which are the Group’s core businesses, a little less than 20% to the Real Estate Business, which was newly created as an independent segment, and a little less than 10% to Other. We are planning to invest ¥27 billion
in M&A for growth.
We expect to generate free cash flows of
¥60 billion or more in five years. They will be used to expand equity targeting an equity ratio of 40% and to return profits to shareholders targeting a consolidated dividend payout ratio of at least 30%. We will also consider purchasing our own shares as appropriate.
Adopting store-by-store balance sheet
The Department Store Business operates using large assets. In fact, however, a strong focus had been put on profit and loss statement (P/L) at a store level. In other words, stores had been less conscious of balance sheet (B/S). Therefore, we have decided to“change employee mindset”to increase ROE across the Department Store Business including all its companies and stores by adding a B/S perspective (assets/liabilities/shareholders’equity) to business management and clarifying the management targets of the whole Business and each department store.
Specifically, beginning in March 2017, each department store develops a B/S budget, which enables us to compare it with results and understand asset profitability. We prioritize investments considering each store’s ability to achieve a return on investment and expect effects from this that will lead to a curb on investment plans intended only to maintain or increase sales and drastic measures for poorly performing divisions. Each store will actively implement measures to enhance asset efficiency according to business size, regional characteristics and asset composition in an effort to improve ROA, asset turnover and performance.
In the first year of adoption, we visualized each store’s B/S like an independent company by transferring land and buildings, operating receivables and payables and others, which had been recorded by the head office, to each store and budgeted ROA of each store and added it to the performance indicators of Store Managers and others. As a result, partly thanks to an increase in operating margin
      FY2021 consolidated ROE target
Cost of shareholders’ equity recognized by the Company
8.0
6–7
% or more
%
   Generation of cash flows and the balance between growth and return
 Cash flow allocation *Total for FY 2017 to 2021 Investing cash flows
¥200
Capital investment
Growth investment
Shareholder return
Expansion of equity
   Operating cash flows
billion
billion or more
¥260
¥60
billion or more
 Free cash flows
34

                            Enhancing business management by adopting store-by-store B/S
Margin
ROA (Store Manager
ROE performance indicator)
   Profit
Shareholders’equity
Profit
Operating profit
Financial leverage
Total assets
Shareholders’equity
B/S perspective
Total assets turnover
Total assets
P/L perspective
Operating margin
Operating profit
・Key focus of stores emphasizing gaisho sales (Rate of accounts receivable is relatively high) ⇒Prevention of delays in collection / individual assessment
Accounts receivable collection ratio
    Operating profit
Net sales
・Key focus of lease stores (Rate of inventories is relatively high)
⇒Thorough assessment with turnover / cross ratio
Securing salable items / removing unsalable items
Merchandise turnover
  ・Key focus of the company’s own stores (Rate of property and equipment is relatively high) ⇒Selecting/implementing renovation investment projects
  that highly contribute to the store’s ROA
⇒Judged and monitored by the Investment Project Review Committee
Sales per month/tsubo
 Return of investment
     Total assets
  Associated sales
 Number of new identifiable customers
 Product sales profit
Continuing focus
     Net sales
Efficiency of operating expense
      due to profit growth, “inventories” and “property and equipment”inB/S,whichcanbemanagedbyeachstore, were generally controlled against the budget set at the beginning of the period and ROA was improved.
Going forward, we will promote strategic initiatives to
enhance asset efficiency including: (i) defining KPIs from
a perspective of asset efficiency (B/S) and breaking them
down at a store level; (ii) verifying the investment action
plan of each store and implementing the PDCA cycle;
and (iii) developing a growth investment model to improve
The Company has created the“Investment Project
Chairperson, the Senior General Manager of Budget and Management Support Division of Financial Strategy Unit as its Vice Chairperson, the Senior Executive General Manager of Management Strategy Unit and other members from Budget and Management Support Division.
Specifically, the Committee classifies the businesses of the Group into three phases including“I. Normal,”“II. Caution needed”and“III. Revitalization or withdrawal to beconsidered”andreviewsthemonaregularbasis.One of the criteria for the“phase III”in which revitalization or withdrawal is to be considered is“two consecutive periods
    ROA by replacing and adding assets.
店舗B/S導入による経営管理の高度化
B/S視点
●外商重点店舗の主要取組み(売掛金の比率が相対的に高い)
of operating loss.”Concerning the companies, businesses,
売掛金回収率 ⇒回収延滞の防止・個人評価
stores and others that meet the criterion, mainly a relevant
 Investment Project Review Committee and
当期純利益 営業利益
マージン
Revitalization Plan Review Committee
当期純利益
総資産回転率 ●
営業利益
Committee”to support management decision-making on
株主資本 総資産
投資回収
担当売上高 新規ID顧客 商品売買益
営業費効
decision-making at the Group Management Meetings and the Board of Directors meetings.
investment, business revitalization and withdrawal from a financial perspective.
⇒投資計画検討委員会による審査、モニタリング
財務レバレッジ
P/L視点
The“Investment Project Review Committee”consists
総資産
営業利益率
売上高
賃借店舗の主要取co組mみ(pa棚n卸y資p産reのp比a率reがs相t対he的にm高eいas)ures for“revitalization or 商品回転率 ⇒回転率・交差比率での評価徹底、売筋商品確保・死筋商品排除
ROA
ROE (店長評価指標) ●自社店舗の主要取組み(有形固定資産の比率が相対的に高い)
Review Committee”and the“Revitalization Plan Review
総資産
and determines the validity of the measures as well as 月坪売上高 p⇒ro自v店id舗inRgOAin貢fo献r度mのat高ioいn改装to投資fa計ci画liをta選te別・s実w施ift management
withdrawal.”The Committee validates these businesses
 数
高 率
従来に引き続き重点実施
Flow of the“Investment Project Review Committee”
  Investment Project Review Committee
Quantitative criteria
Risk
   Proposing Proposing division
3 NO (Re-examining)
1 OK
Group Management Meeting / Board of Directors
Quantitative criteria
Qualitative criteria
 Presenting examination results
   2 NO
Risk
 of the Senior Exec株ut主iv資e本General Manager of Financial 営業利益
Strategy Unit as its Chairperson, the Senior General
Manager of Management Planning Division as its Vice Chairperson and other members from Financial Strategy Unit, Management Planning Division and Legal Division. The Committee has in place a system that enables the participation of external institutions in order to present more objective and stricter opinions. We make an investment decision using the payback method for investment in store renovations, the NPV method for development investment (present value discounted using WACC ≧ 0), and the DCF method for M&A. In addition, the Committee checks many areas including legal risks and financial risks (calculation of shareholder value).
Specifically, in fiscal year 2017, they examined Parco’s new store opening projects in Kinshi-cho and the north wing of the Daimaru Shinsaibashi store and the establishment of new operating company (JFR Kodomo Mirai Co., Ltd.).
The “Revitalization Plan Review Committee” is composed of the Senior General Manager of Management Planning Division of Management Strategy Unit as its
売上高
 Classification into phases by the“Revitalization Plan Review Committee”
  Phase Normal
I ●Continuing to post
an operating profit
Caution needed
Continuing to manage performance at each company
Submitting the measures for sustainable operating profit to the Revitalization Plan Review Committee
   Phase ●1st period of operating loss (including forecast)
II ●Sign of operating loss ●New business with operating loss
beyond the original plan
Revitalization or withdrawal to be considered
 Phase ●Two consecutive periods of operating loss (including forecast) III ●Concern about liabilities exceeding assets
● New business expected to make a loss in the fiscal year when it is planned to turn profitable
Integrated Report 2018 35
Management Strategy
Focus indicators Existing indicators
取り組み強化指標 従来指標
Screening unprofitable businesses

Management Strategy > Human Resources Strategy
 Human Resources“Creating”Happiness
J. Front Retailing (the“Company”) believes individual employees, that is,“human resources”lead the creation of added value, which is essential for sustainable corporate growth, and that human resources are the most important management resources. Based on the belief that“people grow by getting their job done,”we will develop human resources by linking four elements including recruitment, allocation, evaluation and development and maximizing energy that drives growth valuing the thoughts of each and every employee.
 Development of self-transforming people through OJD (On-the-Job Development)*
   Organization area
Area connecting organizations and individuals
Individual area
 Development through allocation
 Development through organization management
 Maximization of personal vitality facilitated by organization
 Self-learning and growth based on HR attributes and growth patterns
    Development through organization operation based on role structure chart
Organization
Spreading awareness of goal
Practice Review
        Career route
        Entrepreneurial Management Professional leaders
MBA school External open training (IFI, Globis, etc.)
JFR Group line personnel training JFR Group open training
JFR Management School JFR Leader School Store/div. school
Members
Career development training New employee entry school
            Career Support College
Course recommended according to
HR attributes
Course to obtain external information/network
Basic global course
●External course/seminar
●In-house seminar ●Correspondence
course ●E-learning ●Acquisition of
qualification
            Allocation based on HR attributes/ assumptions
3-year development plan
Basic development ability of organization
Enhancement of leadership
Sharing of information between managerial staff and HR div.
Clarification and implementation of career plan by employees ・Development of career plan
System to absorb intention and motivation of employees
・Career entry system ・Online self-application
Feedback to encourage self-awareness
・Multifaceted observation of behavioral traits
・Milestone interview
Feedback to organization activities
・Organizational diagnosis ・Service research
   *OJD Development system that combines organization management, which draws self-innovation in the process of taking on difficult challenges, and individual self-growth ability in addition to OJT and Off-JT that complements OJT
36
Late career Middle career Early career

  (1) Systems to help employees develop their careers
We thoroughly develop and strengthen employees’ “personal basic skills”required for leaders with a focus on their first three-year career at the JFR three-year training school for new employees with college degrees (JES). We provide a“career development training”to employees aged 27 where employees review their experiences from the past to the present for future career
development.
Training at JFR three-year training school for new employees with college degrees (JES)* *JES stands for JFR Entry School.
With the aim of creating new value by combining different elements, we actively give employees opportunities to work for external bodies and attend MBA programs and external training sessions (IFI, Globis, etc.). In addition, we provide them with opportunities to show their intentions including the self-application system, milestone interviews and the career entry system. We also strive to improve the expertise courses of the Career Support College (self- development school) to give opportunities for obtaining professional knowledge and skills. In fiscal year 2017, a total of 539 employees attended the Career Support College including correspondence courses.
With respect of“allocation,”which is an important factor in“developing human resources through jobs,”we put the“right people in the right jobs,”which vitalizes each person and brings out the best in him/her, at the Group level by focusing on each employee, finding new human resources and actively providing opportunities. To this end, using the human resources information system named“Talent Management System,”which integrates human resources big data on approximately 10,000 employees of the Group, human resources divisions and job sites work together to promote allocation and development planning based on human resource attributes and certain human resource assumptions.
(2) Systems to develop the next senior management team
The selection of the chief executive officer is the most important strategic decision-making and the Company positions the development and implementation of succession plans (for the next senior management team) as matters of particular importance in terms of
management strategy. Therefore, we select some people from“all the human resources of the Group”as candidates for the next senior management team members and provide the employees selected from them with focused development programs organized by the“JFR School.”
The“JFR School”is composed of the“JFR Business Management School”(for candidates for the next senior management team members), the “JFR Management School”(for candidates for the next general managers) and the“JFR Leader School”(for candidates for the next managers) to produce managerial talents over the medium to long term. We aim to develop the next generation leaders as soon as possible by fostering management perspectives, sharing awareness of issues with the senior management team and applying strategies to specific action plans and implementing these plans with a focus on five desirable qualities required of the Group managerial talents in addition to allocating these human resources in a well-planned and strategic way based on the belief that
“a person’s growth depends on his/her job.”
*Desirable qualities required of the Group managerial talents“: strategic mindset,” “reform-oriented leadership,”“tenacity to achieve results,”“organization
development strengths”and“human resource development strengths”
*The total number of employees who attended the training programs including the Group general manager training programs and the Group manager training programs in fiscal year 2017 was 621 and the total time of these programs
was approximately 22,400 hours.
In order to realize the Group Vision“Create and Bring to Life‘New Happiness,’”we introduced the“Employee Pledges for Action”and“Challenge Card”programs in fiscal year 2017 to support each employee’s willingness to take on a challenge. In fiscal year 2017, a total of 1,728 challenges were submitted and nine best teams were selected from the whole Group in the first half of the year and gave presentations to the management team in the Takatsuki training institute.
Beginning in fiscal year 2018, the contents of the “Challenge Card” have been divided into three categories including “sales measures,”“operational improvement”and“new business”and the ideas for new businesses are examined at the Company. The event named the“Creation Award”is held semiannually at each company and each store and the Group-wide“JFR Group
Creation Award”is held annually.
The “1st JFR Creation Award” presentation at Ginza Six
       (3) Systems to support each employee’s creativity and willingness to take on a challenge
  Integrated Report 2018 37
Management Strategy

Sustainability > Formulation of Sustainability Policy and Identification of Materiality
 Sustainability Initiatives
The Company newly formulated the“Sustainability Policy”and identified“materiality”after discussions at the Management Meetings and the Board of Directors meetings. Based on the premise that the medium- to long-term quantitative goals will be set, we have decided to formulate and release a specific action plan around October 2018 to achieve them.
In this Integrated Report, we show the five materiality issues selected by the Company and the process to identify these issues and the direction of future specific actions as well as reporting our past sustainability activities.
Sustainability Policy
With People, with Local Communities, with Environment to Realize New Happiness in Sustainable Society and Life
The society where we live, whether in Japan or overseas, faces various social issues including unusual weather, water resource crisis, resource depletion, widening gap, incomplete employment and human rights issues. Among them, environmental risks have been getting particularly remarkable in recent years. The environment surrounding us is changing significantly due to global warming and worsening global environment. Companies are increasingly expected to contribute to sustainable society including actions to address climate change under the Paris Agreement and social issues covered by the“Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)”adopted by the United Nations as part of global initiatives. It is essential for companies to tackle environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues.
In the meantime, Daimaru and Matsuzakaya, which are the foundations of J. Front Retailing Group, have conducted business activities under the corporate credos“Service before profit”and“Abjure all evil and practice all good,”which show their commitment to pursuing the right path, over their long histories of 300 and 400 years. Based on this, we newly developed the Vision“Create and Bring to Life‘New Happiness.’”And we always think of each and every customer’s life and conduct business activities to make their futures happy.
We have many places where we communicate with customers, including retail stores. Various people including customers, employees, business partners and local people get together and meet there. Local communities in which people root assume an important role in keeping these communication places rich. And we believe it is important to hand down the irreplaceable global environment that supports all to the next generation smoothly so that local communities will continue forever as contact points always filled with vitality. That is to say, it is important to keep communication places in order to create and bring to life new happiness, which we aim to realize. And this cannot be realized without a sustainable society.
We defined the places for communicating with customers as a focus area of J. Front Retailing’s sustainability management and we will unite and make proactive and serious efforts to realize a sustainable society. To this end, we have received various opinions from stakeholders through questionnaires and have had many discussions at the Management Meetings and the Board of Directors meetings since last year. As a result, we identified five materiality issues to be addressed by us including
“contribution to a low-carbon society,”“management of the entire supply chain,”“coexistence with local communities,” “promotion of diversity”and“realization of work-life balance.”We believe our efforts to address these materiality issues will contribute to achieving the global“Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).”Among these five materiality issues, the management team put the greatest focus on“contribution to a low-carbon society (action on climate change),”which is an urgent issue. We are addressing this issue as the mission of a member of society and working on developing the“JFR Eco Vision”with an eye to 2050 to help realize a sustainable society. Based on this vision, we will aim to achieve both the
resolution of environmental issues and corporate growth.
As mentioned above, we will meet our environmental and social responsibilities to all customers to realize a sustainable
society, and as a Multi Service Retailer, we will create new happiness to be brought to each and every stakeholder’s life. At the same time, we will continue sustainable growth by strengthening corporate governance to tirelessly continue this initiative.
   38

  Process to identify materiality
 Recognizing environmental/social issues Listing candidate materiality issues
Hearing survey on materiality issues from the perspective of
stakeholders
Assessing the Company’s strengths and impact Picking out materiality issues for the Company
Discussion/ identification
We strive to build a relationship of trust with all stakeholders (customers, shareholders, business partners, employees, local communities, etc.) through business activities and actively address sustainability issues including environmental and social issues based on the spirit of the Corporate Credo, the Basic Mission Statement and the Group Vision in order to achieve the Group’s sustainable growth and medium- to long-term enhancement of corporate value.
With the aim of further deepening these efforts, we identified materiality that contributes to the realization of “sustainable growth of companies and society”and “sustainable society”in the process of clarifying the relationship between business activities and social
issues.
Specifically, firstly, we selected 25 candidate materiality
issues from the perspectives of: (i) the environmental/ social issues that are meaningful for us to address and can produce results and (ii) the issues we can tackle using our core businesses. Secondly, we conducted a questionnaire survey of 4,250 stakeholders on these 25 issues to secure objectivity and diversity. And based on the results of the survey in which the GRI Standards (GRI: Global Reporting Initiative, a nonprofit organization that develops international sustainability guidelines), the assessment items of ISO 26000 and SRI (Socially Responsible Investment), SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals)* and review by the President are reflected and after discussions at the Management Meetings and others within the Company, we developed a materiality map. And finally, we narrowed down the list of materiality issues to and formally determined five items at the Board of Directors meetings.
Concerning these materiality issues, we will set long- term goals to be achieved and formulate an action plan to contribute to resolving social issues through business activities and develop as a company.
Selected 100 social issues that seem to have a significant impact on the environment and society
Selected 25 items
(organizational governance, race, labor practices, the environment,
fair operating practices, community, etc.)
by reference to the Company’s initiatives and ESG guidelines and benchmark companies
Conducted a questionnaire survey of stakeholders (4,250 people) and interviewed the management team
Discussed at the Management Meetings and the Board of Directors meetings
Selected 5 materiality issues
“Contribution to a low-carbon society”
“Management of the entire supply chain”
“Coexistence with local communities” *including “contribution to vitalizing local economy”
“Promotion of diversity” “Realization of work-life balance”
      J. Front Retailing Group materiality map
 High
Impact on J. Front Retailing Group
Contribution to a low-carbon society Management of the
entire supply chain Promotion of diversity
Realization of work-life balance
Coexistence with local communities
Very high
  Integrated Report 2018 39
Sustainability
Very high
High
Impact on stakeholders

Five priority materiality issues to be addressed by J. Front Retailing
 AFFORDABLE AND CLEAN ENERGY
 CLIMATE ACTION
     AFFORDABLE AND CLEAN ENERGY
 CLIMATE ACTION
 SUSTAINABLE CITIES AND COMMUNITIES
 PARTNERSHIP FOR THE GOALS
     Coexistence with local communities
Contribution to a low-carbon society
5 materiality issues
Management of the entire supply chain
  Realization of work-life balance
Social value
Promotion of diversity
    GOOD HEALTH AND WELL-BEING
 DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH
 GENDER EQUALITY
 DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH
     17 GOALS TO TRANSFORM OUR WORLD
*SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals)
Global goals for the period from 2016 to 2030, which are included in the “2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development”adopted at the United Nations summit in September 2015. They contain 17 goals with 169 targets including“climate action,”“good health and well-being,”
“gender equality” and “decent work and economic growth”and pledge to leave no one behind.
 NO POVERTY
 ZERO HUNGER
 GOOD HEALTH AND WELL-BEING
 QUALITY EDUCATION
 GENDER EQUALITY
 CLEAN WATER AND SANITATION
 AFFORDABLE AND CLEAN ENERGY
 DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH
 INDUSTRY, INNOVATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE
 REDUCED INEQUALITIES
 SUSTAINABLE CITIES AND COMMUNITIES
 RESPONSIBLE CONSUMPTION AND PRODUCTION
 CLIMATE ACTION
 LIFE
BELOW WATER
 LIFE
ON LAND
 PEACE, JUSTICE AND STRONG INSTITUTIONS
 PARTNERSHIP FOR THE GOALS
 “Sustainable Development Goals” agreed by the world community to be achieved by 2030
40
Economic value

 Materiality principles and specific actions
  Principles
Specific actions
We will aim to contribute to preventing global warming and air pollution and make the global environment sustainable by developing the long-term environmental vision and working by ourselves to reduce energy consumption, increase the efficiency of energy use and use renewable energy and working with business partners to achieve zero emissions.
 Contribution to a low-carbon society
● Reduction of energy consumption
 ・Installing LED lighting in stores, rooftop greening,
paperless operations, promoting telework, etc. ● Shift to low-carbon energy
 ・Shift to renewable energy in directly managed
stores
● Energy shift
 ・Shifting company cars to electric cars ●Other
 ・Reducing and recycling food waste  ・Expanding ethical consumption and promoting
awareness activities
   Principles
Specific actions
We will enhance the corporate values of both the Company and its suppliers by fulfilling social responsibilities and promoting environment-friendly initiatives at the entire supply chain to eliminate risks at the entire supply chain and providing the products that customers can use pleasantly and securely in terms of society and the environment.
  Management of the entire supply chain
● Supply chain policy
 ・Developing and sharing supply chain initiatives
to address social issues including human rights,
the environment and safety and security  ・Promoting initiatives with the suppliers who
agree to the policy  ・Evaluating the CSR of suppliers
● CSR for procurement and delivery  ・Working with suppliers to promote the improvement of fuel efficiency and the
reduction of delivery frequency in the entire business activity including product procurement
  Principles
Specific actions
We will aim to contribute to revitalizing the area and grow with local communities over the medium to long term bycombiningtherealizationofsustainablesocietyandtherealizationofpleasantshoppingunifyingstoresand communities in the area through coexistence with local communities to increase the appeal of the area.
  Coexistence with local communities
● Urban Dominant Strategy
 ・Increasing the appeal of the area by
developing shops around a store as its core  ・Enhancing the strength of area brand by realizing services through collaboration
between stores and areas
● Contribution to vitalizing local economy  ・Promoting initiatives to revitalize the
area using know-how to operate a retail
business
(e.g. expansion of products produced locally for local consumption )
● Other
 ・Supporting post-disaster recovery  ・Promoting industry-government-academia
partnership that contributes to the development of the area and human resource development
  Realizing a company in which people with different cultures and customs, ages, genders and disabilities exist together and diversity is respected and accepted as a source of growth, J. Front Retailing Group will make contact points with various stakeholders diverse and attractive.
Principles
Specific  ・Developing a policy to
  Promotion of diversity
● Diversity initiatives  ・Developing diversity policy
 ・Providing seniors with opportunities to take active roles and revising or abolishing the retirement benefit scheme
 ・Lifting the ban on second jobs and side jobs ● Respect for human rights
 ・Developing human rights policy, providing in-
house trainings and installing service environment equipment (e.g. the one to cater to LGBTs)
actions
address empowerment, LGBTs, people with disabilities,
etc. and providing trainings
 ・Improving systems to receive employees
(improvement of the work environment)  ・Increasing the ratio of women in leadership positions
women’s
  Principles
Specific actions
With the aim of realizing true work-life balance that meets changes in lifestyles and diversified values, J. Front Retailing Group will innovate work styles using technologies, streamline operations, shift to creative operations and realize the work environment in which employees and their families feel happy.
  Realization of work-life balance
● Promoting work-life balance  ・Work style reform including the
institutionalization of homeworking and
remote working using IoT, etc.  ・Improving operations and promoting RPA
at each operating company  ・Expanding support for the work styles
of employees with small children
regardless of gender (developing a paid child care leave system and a system to secure replacement workers)
 ・Developing a nursing care leave system ● Employee healthcare
 ・Formulating a “plan for realizing health
and productivity management” and establishing PDCA cycle
 Planning to set the medium- to long-term quantitative goals to be achieved around October 2018
Integrated Report 2018 41
Sustainability

Sustainability > Activity Report – The Environment
  AFFORDABLE AND CLIMATE CLEAN ENERGY ACTION
Steadily Reducing Environmental Load
Recently, various environmental issues arise on earth. In particular, the emission of greenhouse gases (CO2, etc.), which leads to global warming, and biodiversity loss, which affects food and health, are issues common to all humankind because they affect the entire earth.
Since the Group mainly operates a retail business, it can make the greatest contribution through product sales and other activities at stores and we believe that it is our social mission.
Therefore, we formulated the “J. Front Retailing Environmental Policy”and each company in the Group has in place a system to promote environmental conservation activities through business activities and conducts such activities.
   Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores structure to
promote the environmental and social activities management system
 Top manager (President)
  Administrator
 Internal auditor
  Corporate CSR promotion secretariat
   Store organization
Manager (Executive Store Manager / Store Manager) Promotion manager (division manager)
Promotion staff
Promotion member (all workers including people from suppliers)
  Customers / community members
*Other companies in the Group are also working on environmental activities with Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores. (Daimaru Matsuzakaya Sales Associates, Daimaru Matsuzakaya Tomonokai, JFR Card, Dimples’, J. Front Foods and JFR Service)
  J. Front Retailing Environmental Policy
Recognizing our roles and responsibilities to hand down the irreplaceable global environment to the next generation, we at J. Front Retailing Group (the “Group”) proactively promote “environment-friendly corporate management” toward the “realization of a sustainable society” with customers, business partners and community members.
1 Recognizing environmental impacts and their causes, we will establish structures and systems to promote environmental conservation activities through the business activities of each company in the Group and strive for continuous improvement to reduce environmental load. (1) Provision of environment-friendly products, services and information; (2) Effective use of resources and energy;
(3) Reduction of CO2 emissions;
(4) Waste reduction and recycling; and
(5) Promotion of environmental conservation activities and
social contribution activities with customers, business partners and community members
2 We will comply with the requirements of environmental laws, regulations and agreements and strive to prevent contamination.
3 We will raise awareness of environmental conservation through educational and awareness activities to strengthen the foundation on which each worker in the Group will tackle environmental tasks voluntarily.
4 We will make this environmental policy known to all workers of each company in the Group and make the policy available to the public.
  Environmental and social activities management system
  Goals for FY 2017 to 2021 Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores environmental and social activities
 Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores expands the ISO 14001 environmental management system and has in place an environmental and social activities management system. In order to promote these activities, we appoint the Senior Executive General Manager of Administration Headquarters as an
“administrator”, Executive Store Managers and Store Managers as“managers”and division managers as “promotion managers”and“promotion staff”members in charge of practical operations are placed. They
educate workers including people from suppliers.
Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores set the medium-term quantitative environmental targets for FY 2017 to 2021 in conjunction with the Medium-term Business Plan to conduct environmental activities. <Quantitative targets>
●Reducing CO2 emissions from energy use by cutting
energy use intensity by 5% in FY2021 compared to
FY2016.
*CO2 emissions in the business activities of department stores are caused by use of air conditioning and lighting.
●Reducing the intensity of final waste disposal volume (Volume of waste generated - Recycling volume) by 5% in FY2021 compared to FY2016.
●Increasing the food recycling rate to the 60% level by FY2021.
FY 2017 to 2021 Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores quantitative environmental targets
(including Hakata Daimaru, Shimonoseki Daimaru, Kochi Daimaru and Tottori Daimaru)
   FY2017
  FY2018
  FY2019
  FY2020
  FY2021
  CO2 emissions (intensity) *1
Energy consumption (intensity) *2
Final waste disposal (intensity) *3
0.0424
0.0204
11.13
0.0414 0.0410 0.0405 0.0401
0.0197 0.0196 0.0195 0.0193
   Food waste 4 59.8% recycling rate *
10.97
57.0%
10.85
58.0%
10.74
59.0%
10.63
60.0%
 42
*1 Intensity: CO2 emissions (t-CO2)/Business hours (h)× Total floor area (m²)
CO2 emissions targets for FY2018 and beyond have been calculated using the CO2 emission factor for FY2016.
*2 Intensity: Crude oil equivalent energy (kl)/Business hours (h) × Total floor area (m²) *3 Intensity: Final waste disposal volume (kg) / Sales (¥million)
*4 Intensity: Volume of food waste recycled / Volume of food waste generated

       Daimaru Matsuzakaya Ecoff recycling activities
Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores conducts the “Ecoff recycling campaign” on a regular basis. Customers bring disused clothing, shoes and bags to the stores, and in exchange, we give them shopping support tickets so that they can buy new items at a small discount.
A total of 299,170 renewable articles were collected in the campaign in April
2018 and the total
number of articles
collected since the first
campaign in August
2016 exceeded one
million. The collected
articles are recycled into bioethanol and coke as well as the raw materials of textile products.
The Group adopts various energy saving measures to reduce CO2 emissions
and prevent global
warming. High energy
Forestation project
In October 2009, “Trojan,” Daimaru Matsuzakaya DepartmentStoresprivatebrandofmen’sclothing, launched a project “Trojan Forest Carbon Free” in collaboration with Carbon Free Consulting Corporation. One larch tree is planted in a forestation site in Inner Mongolia, China, for every 10 Trojan suits or jackets sold and 250 trees were planted on the first occasion. After that, we continue to plant trees, and at the end of February 2018, a total of 4,350 larch trees are changing the drought-stricken region in Inner Mongolia to a green zone. The growing of“Trojan Forest”contributes to preventing global warming caused by absorbing CO2, preventing the desert from expanding, preventing yellow dust from blowing, and creating jobs of planting trees for local people.
Trojan Forest
In October 2017, the rooftop garden of Ginza Six “Ginza Six Garden”was certified as an“Urban Oasis”
under the“SEGES (Social and Environmental Green Evaluation System)”(administered by the Organization for Landscape and Urban Green Infrastructure), which recognizes comfortable and attractive urban green areas.
The Ginza’s largest about 4,000-square-meter rooftop garden“Ginza Six Garden”is located on the roof of the about 56-meter-high building with 13 floors above ground. A green area of approximately 2,200 square meters, which accounts for about 56% of the rooftop garden, was newly created. Our large-scale greening efforts in the prime downtown location were highly recognized
and we obtained such certification.
*SEGES
(Social and Environmental Green Evaluation System)
A system to recognize and certify outstanding green areas of the companies that contribute to society and the environment through greening activities
 =ECO+OFF
“Sustainable participatory project” to eliminate burdens on customers and the earth through ecological activities that are friendly to the environment and society
    Promoting the installation of high energy efficient equipments and LED lighting
 Ginza Six was certified as an“Urban Oasis”under SEGES*
   efficient equipments are installed on the occasions of facility replacement, store renovation and new store opening.
Installed LED lighting on the ceiling when the store was renovated (Daimaru Tokyo store)
Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores strives to reduce electricity consumption and CO2 emissions by replacing existing lighting with LED units. In fiscal year 2017, we replaced approximately 7,000 units, mainly basic lights in the Tokyo, Kyoto and Kobe stores, with LED units, and by February 2018, 204,000 units, which account for about 48% of the total number of relevant lighting fixtures, were replaced with LED units.
Installing solar panels
At the Daimaru Kyoto store, a solar panel (rated output: 10kW), which is 11 meters long and 6.6 meters wide, was installed behind the peacock bronze sculpture. It is expected to generate approximately 6,000 kWh of electricity per year, which powers digital signage and external signs.
  Integrated Report 2018 43
Sustainability

Sustainability > Activity Report – Coexistence with Local Communities and Contribution to Society
 SUSTAINABLE CITIES PARTNERSHIP ANDCOMMUNITIES FOR THE GOALS
With Local Communities, with Customers
As a corporate citizen, J. Front Retailing uses the resources of the companies in the Group and implements initiatives through business activities to contribute to revitalizing local communities and resolving various social issues.
     1 Contribution to revitalizing local communities
Our Urban Dominant Strategy is a“business model for growing with local communities” by enhancing the appeal of the whole area with the stores at its core. Implementing the strategy helps attract more customers to the area and contribute to the area.
*For Ginza Six and Ueno Frontier Tower, please see pages 26 and 27.
● Shop development around the Daimaru Kobe store The Daimaru Kobe store
has developed shops around it since 1987, about 30 years ago. Cutting-edge fashion brands are invited to open their boutiques in exotic buildings in Motomachi, Kobe, which historically developed as a foreign settlement, to attract more
customers to the
area. Currently
approximately
60 shops operate
around the store
and the area
combining
shopping and
sightseeing
attracts customers from a wider area. The store organizes events using the appeal of the Former Foreign Settlement on a regular basis. In March 2017, Vogue’s shopping event“Vogue Fashion’s Night Out”was held. It was the first time in the world that the event was held in spring.
● Kyoto Machiya project
In 2016, Daimaru opened the“Daimaru Kyoto Store
Gion Machiya”as a special project celebrating the 300th anniversary of its foundation. In Gion, which has a taste of the old capital, we revived a dilapidated machiya (a Japanese traditional townhouse) and operate a luxury
brand boutique that matches Kyoto, which combines “tradition”and“innovativeness”(Hermes from November
2016 to July 2017
and Hublot from
August 2017). By
preserving and using
the machiya, we
inherit historical
value and contribute
to revitalizing the
area. And we are well received by people in Japan and abroad as well as residents in Kyoto.
● Proposal for local production for local consumption
 Daimaru Kyoto Store Gion Machiya (Hublot Boutique Kyoto)
  “Local production
for local consumption”
helps revitalize the local
economy. It also helps
reduce environmental
load because CO2
emissions from transportation and refrigeration decrease due to short transportation distance. Each of the Daimaru and Matsuzakaya stores organizes events to provide a wide range of products including food, clothing and crafts and expand their sales.
With the aim of taking away some of the worries and inconveniences that accompany early childhood parenting, we launched the operation of unlicensed infant child care facilities that provide both enhanced early-childhood education and extended-hour child care. We will operate the facilities under franchise in collaboration with Tact
Kodomomirai Co., Ltd.,
a group company of
Yaruki Switch Group
Holdings Co., Ltd., to
provide a curriculum
Event to recommend the products produced in Yamaguchi (Shimonoseki Daimaru)
      44
Map around Daimaru Kobe store
JR Motomachi Station Daimaru Kobe
BLOCK47 Former Foreign
A.P.C.
kate spade trippen
Daimaru
Annex
GENIUS GALLERY
BLOCK32 NTT Nishinihon Shin-Kobe Bldg.
BLOCK31 BLOCK30 Prada Rolex BURBERRY
Miu Miu Valentino
Settlement Bldg. 38 STRASBURGO
BLOCK44
DIESEL
 Dior
Hervé Chapelier Lloyd's
Antiques Fred Segal
2 Contribution to resolving the issues of the child-raising generation

 including not only“intellectual training”but also“physical exercise”and“English.”The first facility named“Daimaru Matsuzakaya Kids Duo International Aobadai”will open in Aoba-ku, Yokohama in April 2019.
● Operation of Customer Service Office At the“Consultation
Corners for Consumers”
of the Daimaru and
Matsuzakaya stores,
consultants certified
as advisory specialists
for consumers’affairs
accept comments from customers regarding product quality. Comments from customers are sent to Consumer Product End-Use Research Institute online for scientific quality inspection. Consultants inform customers of the results. These test results are also provided to relevant stores and manufacturers to prevent recurrence and improve quality.
● “Consumer Product End-Use Research Institute” as a quality professional in the retail industry
Consumer Product End-Use Research Institute (the “Institute”) operates in Osaka, Tokyo and Nagoya. Its operations include tests to identify product performance and the causes of complaints, the verification of product labels and expressions in sales promotion media under relevant laws and regulations, and consulting, trainings
and seminars concerning product control in general.
For the companies in the Group, the Institute conducts various tests to ensure the safety of products in use including quality tests of various products for sale, load bearing tests of wrapping paper and shopping bags and color fastness tests, as well as pre-sale tests, product label checks at stores and hygiene inspections of food
floors and restaurants.
● Creation of safe and secure store environment At department stores and other stores and offices, we organize self-defense fighting teams and conduct emergency drills and BCP trainings* in preparation for earthquakes and fires. We also promote the improvement of systems by introducing an earthquake early warning alert system, a safety confirmation system for all employees and satellite-based mobile phones. Self- defense firefighting teams at stores carry out drills on a regular basis with the participation of all workers including people from suppliers to ensure that we can take prompt and appropriate actions including firefighting, evacuation guidance for customers and information collection. AED (automatic external defibrillator) units
are installed mainly in department stores and we continuously train employees in their use.
*BCP: A plan that allows an organization to continue to operate or restore business early in the event of disaster
4 Social contribution activities with customers
J. Front Retailing continuously conducts social contribution activities with customers through business activities.
The unnecessary PET bottle caps collected mainly in the Daimaru and Matsuzakaya stores are recycled through the nonprofit organization“Re Lifestyle”and we donate the full amount paid for them to the authorized nonprofit organization“Japan Committee Vaccines for the World’s Children”to fund vaccines for children around the world. Since we started this initiative in December 2009, the total amount donated through the collection of caps and other activities reached the equivalent of polio vaccines for 260,000 children in May 2018. Our other charity support activities include the
“Pink Ribbon Campaign”and“Blue Clover Campaign” that promote early diagnosis, detection and treatment of breast cancer and prostate cancer, respectively, the
“Table for Two”program that helps provide school meals for children in developing countries and support for people in the areas
affected by the
Great East Japan Earthquake, the Kumamoto Earthquake and other disasters.
Blue Clover Campaign
Major charity support in FY2017 (Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores)
(Unit: ¥1,000)
Supported the rehabilitation assistance
project by announcing online, wearing
awareness badges, putting stickers on 114 cars and donating the full amount raised
in stores and employee facilities
Donated a portion of the proceeds from
the sale of the“charity pins celebrating
the 10th anniversary of Sakura Panda’s 1,699 birth”under the intent of support for Tohoku“Smile for Japan”
Donated the money raised through the
Love 49 campaign and a portion of the
proceeds from the sale of original eco 288 bags, etc. to support cervical cancer
prevention awareness activities
Donated a portion of the proceeds from
the sale of original pins, heart bread,
beverages from Pink Ribbon vending 1,081 machines, etc. to support bread cancer
prevention awareness activities
Donated a portion of the proceeds from
the sale of the“charity pins celebrating the 992 10th anniversary of Sakura Panda’s birth”
Donated a portion of the proceeds from
the sale of healthy meals to help provide 311 school meals in developing countries
      3 Contribution to the safety and security of customers
   Recipient
  Description
  Amount donated
  Japanese Red Cross
Society
“We will never forget.
- Project for the future”
 Scholarship funds
to support children affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake
Authorized NPO Orange Clover
Local Pink Ribbon support groups
Kumamoto Earthquake Relief Fund
Authorized NPO Table for Two International
Authorized NPO Japan Committee Vaccines for the World’s Children
Donated the full amount received at the auction of Rob Ryan’s original drawings of Christmas promotion charity program
“Baton Relay for the Future”and raised in conjunction with posting with hashtags and the view counts of special videos
1,126
      Integrated Report 2018 45
Sustainability

Sustainability > Activity Report – Diversity and Work-Life Balance
 GOOD HEALTH GENDER DECENT WORK AND AND WELL-BEING EQUALITY ECONOMIC GROWTH
Using Diversity. Changing Work Styles.
Based on the recognition that the diversity of human resources is the source of corporate competitiveness, J. Front Retailing believes it is important to ensure as a company “non-discriminatory treatment” in terms of nationality, gender, thought, belief and even working conditions and maintain and improve it.
Work-life balance is important to keep employees healthy both mentally and physically and we aim to realize a workplace in which employees can work lively and achieve high productivity by creating a pleasant working environment and taking care of employees’health.
1 Promoting women’s empowerment
Appointment of female leaders
Regardless of gender, we promote the assignment and use of human resources based on individual ability, performance, aptitude and motivation. At Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores, women accounted for 32.5% of total leadership positions in March 2018. And three female Executive Officers serve as the Executive Store Managers of its flagship stores (21.4% of a total of 14 Executive Officers). We will actively appoint women to leadership positions and other important positions to further empower motivated women.
Mother Recruitment
Recently, while more and more women are entering into the workforce, they leave their jobs for childbirth at a high rate, which has become a social issue. We launched the“Mother Recruitment”program in fiscal year 2017 to hire experts who left their jobs for child care. Six people
Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores female employees in leadership positions
were hired by June 2018 and they are working for legal, finance, real estate and other divisions using their expertise and skills.
JFR Women’s School
We opened the“JFR Women’s School”in fiscal year 2018 for short-time workers of the Group who keep working while raising children. They aim to continuously enhance their career by acquiring time management and leadership skills, financial knowledge and others to perform at their best within a limited time.
*The average lengths of service of the male and female employees of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores are 23.4 years and 23.2 years, respectively.
2 Employment of disabled people
We recognize that the employment of people with disabilities is a corporate social responsibility and actively strive to promote that. “JFR Create” was established in April 2017 for the purpose of securing a stable working environment for disabled people and creating a workplace in which they can exercise their abilities and it was certified as a special subsidiary by the Health, Labor and Welfare Ministry in September 2017. The company was registered as an“Excellent Support Company for the Disabled in Osaka”for actively hiring and providing job assistance for disabled people.
      *Employment rate of disabled people (total of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores, JFR Create, JFR Service, Dimples’ and Daimaru Matsuzakaya Sales Associates): 2.21%
(as of June 1, 2018)
  (as of March 1, 2018)
Work at JFR Create (enclosing)
   Number of females
  Total
  Percentage of females
  General Manager
Other leadership positions
Total
12 102
221 616
233 718
11.8%
35.9%
32.5%
3 Post-retirement reemployment program
In order to respond to changes in the social environment such as the rapid aging of the population amid extremely low birthrates and the raising of the age at which public pension payments begin and effectively use highly professional people, we adopt a reemployment program for employees who have reached the mandatory retirement age. The“My Life Plan Seminar”is held for employees aged 53 and over to help make their life after retirement rich and 316 employees attended the seminar in fiscal year 2017. Lecturers from inside and outside the Company provide information and advice on the future economic
      *The figures above include workers temporarily transferred to Daimaru Matsuzakaya Sales Associates.
*The number of“other leadership positions”is the total of Managers, Submanagers, Buyers (including Supervisors and Section Leaders from Daimaru Matsuzakaya Sales Associates).
 46
Percentage of female leaders of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores
(%) 35 30 25
20 23.5 15
10
5 0
28.4
32.0 32.5
    28.2
     2013
2014 2015
2016 2017 (FY)

  design, healthcare, job satisfaction and purposes in life for employees before reaching the retirement age.
4 Promoting human rights education
We provide human rights education and strive to raise employees’ awareness of human rights from the perspective that individual employees should correctly recognize and understand human rights issues and that we should further promote the creation of corporate culture and corporate social responsibility based on respect for human rights. Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores has a Human Rights Awareness Promotion Committee, which is chaired by the Executive General Manager of Human Resources Development Division. (The Committees in stores are chaired by their Executive Store Managers or Store Managers.) Its activities include human rights education through trainings when employees join the company and in-house seminars as well as various seminars organized by the governments and various educational materials distributed to employees.
5 Systems to realize work-life balance
Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores has in place the following systems.
Systems related to child care and family care
Systems with coverage exceeding statutory limits are in place.
Systems related to child care and family care exceeding statutory limits
at Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores and the number of takers in FY2017
6 Changing work styles
     As a holding company,
J. Front Retailing strives
to change work styles so
that employees can create
something new. On the
occasion of the relocation
of the head office in
January 2018, we reduced
documents by approximately 80% and adopted a“free address system”that allows workers to freely choose their seats. We also promote paperless operations by digitalizing meetings, that is,“seeing meeting materials on a computer screen instead of printing them.”
7 Health care measures
Based on the basic idea that employees are the company’s greatest asset and that it is the most important of all things to keep employees healthy both mentally and physically in order to provide better services to customers, our specific health care measures focus on primary disease prevention.
To this end, we conduct health examinations to prevent lifestyle diseases and gynecological examinations for all employees aged 35 and over, as well as legal regular health examinations.* Dealing with mental health within the large framework of total mental and physical health care, we offer stress checks as a self-care tool. We put importance on health guidance provided by health care teams based on their results.
*In fiscal year 2017, 99.7% of the employees of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores had regular health examinations.
8 Labor-management relations
In Japan, the Labor Standards Act and other labor relations-related laws set forth basic rules regarding labor rights including employment opportunities, working hours and health and safety and require both labor and management to comply with them.
At each operating company in the Group, issues concerning working conditions and the improvement of economic status are resolved autonomously by labor and management in line with the actual situation of the unit labor union. J. Front Retailing and the Federation of J. Front Retailing Group Labor Unions hold the “JFR Labor- Management Meetings” to deepen the mutual understanding of labor and management and help operating companies in the Group develop smooth labor-management relations.
*In fiscal year 2017, 88.3% of the employees of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores belong to the labor union.
 Meeting space in the head office of J. Front Retailing
   System
  Description
  No. of takers
  Child care leave
Sick/injured child care leave
Child care support leave
Maternity leave for spouse
Nursing care leave
Up to the last day of the month in which the child
enters an elementary school (at the longest until the 175 child reaches two years of age under law)
137 Paid (Unpaid leave is permitted by law.) 144
   Shortened working hours for child care
   Up to the last day of the month in which the child enters an elementary school (for children under three years old under law). The“optional working hours system”allows shortened working hours until the child enters a junior high school.
    Four days of paid leave for raising children under three years old (No such leave is granted by law.)
20
  One day of paid leave (No such leave is granted by 8 law.)
2 Paid (Unpaid leave is permitted by law.) 31
   Family care leave
   Up to a total of one year of leave per subject family member can be taken consecutively or separately any number of times. (Up to 93 days of leave can be taken separately up to three times under law.)
    Optional working hours system
We adopt a system that allows employees to choose shortened working hours for child care, family care, hobbies to enrich senior life and other reasons.
(Purpose and period: Up to the last day of the month in which the child enters a junior high school for child care, a period in which the employee needs to take care of his/ her family member for family care, etc.)
Area Limited Employee System
In response to diversifying sense of working, values and lifestyles, we adopt the“Area Limited Employee System”to increase work options and build a foundation on which employees autonomously think of the balance between their career formation and life and act accordingly. Employees can choose their place of work from among five areas including Sapporo, Tokyo, Kansai, Chubu and Shizuoka.
  Integrated Report 2018 47
Sustainability
Child care Family care

 Governance > Corporate Governance
Corporate governance
  Transition to a Company with Three Committees (Nomination, Audit and Remuneration Committees)
 Overview of corporate governance system
 As a holding company, J. Front Retailing puts the strengthening of corporate governance at the top of its business agenda to ensure the legal compliance, transparency, objectivity and soundness of the business of the entire Group and focus on and thoroughly fulfill its accountability to its stakeholders (customers, shareholders, employees, business partners, local communities and others) as the core of the unified governance of the Group.
The Company made the transition to a Company with Three Committees (Nomination, Audit and Remuneration Committees) through the resolution adopted at the Annual Shareholders Meeting in May 2017. The purpose of this change is to further strengthen corporate governance from the following standpoints.
(1) Strengthening of the management oversight function by separating oversight from execution
The Company will strengthen the oversight function for business execution of the Board of Directors by separating oversight from execution. In addition, the Company aims to promote sophistication of strategy by having the Board of Directors actively include the insights of external persons in order to hold rigorous discourse on important issues relating to the management of the Group.
(2) Greater clarity of authority and responsibility in business execution and promotion of agile management
The Company will enable decisions of business execution to be delegated to Executive Officers, clarify the authority and responsibility between the Board of Directors and Executive Officers and between the holding company and its operating subsidiaries, and carry out
speedy management decision making.
(3) Improvement of transparency and objectivity of management
The Company will improve the transparency and objectivity of management by transitioning to a Company with Three Committees including Nomination, Audit and Remuneration Committees. The majority of the members of each committee are Outside Directors.
(4) Building of a globally applicable governance system
The Company will build a governance system that is easy to understand from global perspectives, such as those of overseas investors.
The Company is a pure holding company and, with the exception of authority for important matters relating to the management of the Group, it delegates authority to its respective operating subsidiaries with respect to matters involving business execution by the operating subsidiaries in an effort to speed up business decisions and to make managerial responsibilities clear.
The roles and responsibilities of the Company, as a pure holding company, are as described below: ●Establishment of corporate governance practices for
the entire Group;
●Planning and formulating of the Group Vision, the Group
Medium-term Business Plan and the Group Management
Policy and tracking of the progress and results thereof; ●Optimal allocation of the Group’s management resources; ●Establishment of the Group-wide risk management
system and involvement in internal audits;
●Decision making on important matters involving business execution relating to the management of the Group; and
    48

  Corporate governance organization chart [Company with Three Committees (Nomination, Audit and Remuneration Committees)]
  Shareholders Meeting
 Nomination Committee Remuneration Committee
Chairperson
Board of Directors
Oversight
Election/ removal
Audit
Audit Committee Report
Cooperation/ report
Accounting Auditor
            Governance Committee Consultation
Risk Management Committee
Compliance Committee
Report
Cooperation/ report
Cooperation
Consultation
President and Representative Executive Officer
Group Management Consultation
Instruction Operating Units
Affiliated Financial Business Unit Strategy Unit
Companies in the Group
Audit
   Audit
       Meeting
Report
Internal Audit Division
Audit
Administration Unit
 Management Strategy Unit
Business Development Unit
Human Resources Strategy Unit
               ●Provision of advice and approval for the management policies and management strategies of respective operating companies and oversight and evaluation of the progress thereof.
The Company has six supervisory units (Management Strategy Unit, Business Development Unit, Affiliated Business Unit, Financial Strategy Unit, Human Resources Strategy Unit and Administration Unit) as management bodies to clarify each unit’s roles, responsibilities and authorities, thereby strengthening the oversight function and improving the internal control system of the entire Group.
Board of Directors
(1) Basic roles and responsibilities of the Board of Directors
Directors who are elected by shareholders and are entrusted with the management of the Company are to carry out the following roles and responsibilities in the Board of Directors in accordance with their fiduciary responsibility and accountability to shareholders with the aim of realizing the Group Vision.
●Indicating the overall direction that the Group management is to take by engaging in constructive discussions with respect to the Group Vision, the Group Medium-term Business Plan, the Group Management Policy and other fundamental management policies and carrying out multifaceted and objective deliberations that include evaluation of risks with respect to the aforementioned;
●Appropriately making decisions in terms of overall policy and plans pertaining to the Group management on the basis of the direction noted above and overseeing the progress and results of the plans;
●Improving the environment to drive aggressive management toward discontinuous growth;
●Taking steps to build and develop internal control systems of the Group overall and otherwise overseeing the operational status of such systems;
●Overseeing conflicts of interest between related parties; and ●On the basis of summary reports furnished by the Nomination Committee, overseeing the progress of senior management
team succession planning, personnel assignment plans pertaining to managerial talent and management team training, as delegated to the Nomination Committee.
(2) Composition of the Board of Directors
The Board of Directors of the Company is comprised of the appropriate number of 15 or less Directors as set forth in the Articles of Incorporation. The number of Directors is thirteen (five of whom are independent Outside Directors including two female Directors) as of May 24, 2018 and the term of office is one year.
From the standpoint of separating oversight from execution and enhancing the effectiveness of discussions at the Board of Directors meetings, one-third or more of Directors are independent Outside Directors and the majority of Directors are independent Outside Directors and internally promoted Directors who do not execute business.
When nominating Director candidates, the Company ensures diversity in consideration of the balance of knowledge, experience and ability on the Board of Directors as a whole.
With regard the agenda for discussion at the Board of Directors meetings concerning important policies related to the Group’s overall management, we deliberate in advance at the“Group Management Meetings,”which consists of Executive Officers and the Senior Executive General Managers of the supervisory units.
(3) Matters discussed at the Board of Directors meetings in fiscal year 2017
In fiscal year 2017, the Board of Directors had 14 meetings to deliberate and resolve the“dissemination of the Group Vision”and the“progress of the Medium-term Business Plan”as strategic discussion for the medium- to long-term growth of the Group, the“validation of the rationale for cross-shareholdings and sales of such shares”and a“basic policy to build internal control systems”as discussion concerning corporate governance, the“opening of Parco in the Daimaru Shinsaibashi store” and the“launch of the early childhood education”as discussion concerning individual growth businesses, the
“transfer of shares of Forest,”the“sale of unused real
     Integrated Report 2018 49
Governance
Governance (oversight) Function
Execution Control Function

estates”and the“acceptance of the share buyback planned by Senshukai, an associate accounted for using equity method”as the replacement of businesses and assets to improve capital efficiency, as well as approving budgets and financial statements.
(1) Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee is composed of three Outside Directors, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors who does not execute business and President and Representative Executive Officer.
In fiscal year 2017, concerning the appointment of Directors including Outside Directors and the Executive Officers of J. Front Retailing and its major operating subsidiaries, the Committee ensured objectivity, transparency and rationality using assessment data from third-party institutions as well as the Company’s internal information on human resources and through the opportunities to have direct contact with candidates’ personalities and mindsets such as interviews conducted as needed. While having discussions on succession planning for the top management, they verified the system to develop candidates for the next officers in a planned manner and confirmed the status of results achieved by successor candidates on a regular basis.
(2) Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is composed of three Outside Directors and two full-time Inside Directors who do not execute business and are well informed about the Company’s internal information to maintain and improve the accuracy of audit.
In fiscal year 2017, the Committee drafted and implemented an audit plan for the current fiscal year in accordance with the Audit Committee Rules, Audit Standards, Audit Practice Standards for Internal Control Systems and others set by the Committee and reported details to the Board of Directors. In particular, as its key audit items, the Committee audited the status of developing and operating internal control systems determined by the Board of Directors and the progress status of the key strategies in the first year of the Medium- term Business Plan of the Group in close cooperation with Internal Audit Division, Accounting Auditor and the Audit & Supervisory Board Members of the Group companies. And the Committee assessed Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC by comparing its quality management, expertise, etc. with other audit firms in accordance with the Accounting Auditor Selection Criteria newly developed by the Committee.
An internally promoted Director who does not execute business chairs the Committee from the standpoint of achieving a smooth transition from the Audit & Supervisory Board system. However, the Company will reconsider reviewing this system and establishing the most appropriate system.
(3) Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee is composed of three Outside Directors, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors who does not execute business and President and Representative Executive Officer. The chairperson is chosen from among independent Outside Directors from
the standpoint of ensuring transparency and objectivity. The Remuneration Committee determines the policies on deciding the contents of individual remuneration of management personnel of the Company and Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores and these contents themselves.
In fiscal year 2017, the Committee achieved an appropriate allocation between basic remuneration and performance-based remuneration (bonuses and stock- based remuneration) and also disclosed the performance indicators that will determine the level of stock-based remuneration in the Officer Remuneration Policy resolved on May 25, 2017. With respect to bonuses, which reflect the status of the achievements of individual officers, the Committee formulated a new performance evaluation sheet and has adopted it from fiscal year 2018 after revising evaluation items, performance indicators and the evaluation rank determination process so that results will be shown with greater fairness and objectivity. At the same time, entering into the first year when the Company’s shares are issued as remuneration, the Committee is working on the verification of the stock-based remuneration system for officers for appropriate operation as planned.
Committees to which Directors belong (as of May 31, 2018)
     Nomination Committee / Audit Committee / Remuneration Committee
 Name
  Nomination Committee
  Audit Committee
  Remuneration Committee
  Remarks
  KOBAYASHI Yasuyuki ○ ○ DOI Zenichi ◎
TSUTSUMI Hiroyuki ○
TACHIBANA FUKUSHIMA Sakie ◎ ○ OTA Yoshikatsu ○ ◎ ISHII Yasuo ○
NISHIKAWA Koichiro ○
SATO Eriko ○ ○ ○
(◎ Chairperson)
Chairperson of the Board of Directors
Non-executive
Non-executive
Independent Outside Director
Independent Outside Director
Independent Outside Director
Independent Outside Director
Independent Outside Director
        YAMAMOTO Ryoichi ○
YOSHIMOTO Tatsuya
MAKIYAMA Kozo
SAWADA Taro
WAKABAYASHI Hayato
○ President and Representative Executive Officer
Representative Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
        50
Governance Committee (optional advisory committee)
The Company, in principle, holds monthly meetings of the Governance Committee, an optional advisory committee comprised of the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, President and Representative Executive Officer, and all Outside Directors. The Governance Committee engages in constructive discussions and exchanges of views with respect to matters such as addressing issues to make the meetings of the Board of Directors more effective in view of the results of evaluation of the Board of Directors, and considering options with respect to organizational structure.
In fiscal year 2017, new personnel have been appointed as the presidents of three important associates (JFR Card, J. Front Design & Construction and Dimples’) in business areas with high management efficiency, and these presidents have also been concurrently appointed as the Executive Officers of the Company. This is because the Company has confirmed that the

 strengthening of the Group governance requires the strengthening of oversight, auditing and business execution functions of operating companies. Governance is also strengthened by assigning Audit & Supervisory Board Members to each main associated operating company, setting up auditing functions horizontally covering these companies, and taking other measures. From now on, the Company will engage in discussions and exchanges of views with respect to various issues on corporate governance, such as governance of the Group companies and the role of the holding company.
Appointment of Outside Directors
The Company has appointed five independent Outside Directors out of 13 Directors to separate oversight from execution, ensure the effectiveness of the Board of Directors’ discussions, and maintain and improve transparency and objectivity. In appointing Outside Directors, we confirm, in accordance with the Criteria for Determining Independence of Outside Directors set by the Company, that nominees are not susceptible to conflicts of interest with the Company’s shareholders and
are in an objective position, independent of the management team that executes business.
Changes in the business environment are a source of uncertainty that a company cannot avoid. But that uncertainty or “risk” provides an “opportunity” as a positive side and a “threat” as a negative side. In addressing such uncertainty, we tackle strategic issues raised in the Medium-term Business Plan in terms not only of“risk- hedging,”but also of“risk-taking”for growth.
The Company has also established the “Risk Management Committee”as an advisory body for its President and Representative Executive Officer to extract risks related to the Group and formulate, implement and monitor measures against individual risks.
During the current fiscal year, the Company extracted 138 risk items as those related to the Group, identified 15 items out of them as“business risk items,”including six items that were reflected in strategies for the current fiscal year, and continues to monitor the progress.
     Environmental improvement that supports appropriate risk taking by the management
 Evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
  Evaluation methodology
Items evaluated
Evaluation results and improvements
Continued from 2016, the Company performed the third evaluation by third-party organization of the Board of Directors from July to September 2017, in line with the transition to a Company with Three Committees (Nomination, Audit and Remuneration Committees).
The evaluation was performed using a methodology whereby the third-party organization prepared a report containing summaries and analyses of the results of “individual interviews” conducted for all Directors and “direct observation of the Board of Directors through attendance at its meetings” based on self-assessment by Directors concerning the progress of the evaluation items below and the Board of Directors carried out deliberations on the evaluation based on the report.
In light of the roles and responsibilities of the Board of Directors, an analysis/evaluation was performed for each of the items for evaluation, including the Board of Directors’ composition and its operational status, agenda items, materials for deliberations, level of explanation for proposals, supporting system for Outside Directors, and the effectiveness of three Committees’ (Nomination, Audit and Remuneration Committees’) activities. We set new questions each time to get answers according to their positions such as Inside Director, Outside Director, Committee Member and Non-Committee Member, as well as giving consideration to ensure comparability.
Evaluation results are shared between Directors and they discuss the solutions to the issues found from the evaluation to improve the effectiveness of the Board of Directors continuously.
The evaluation of the Board of Directors conducted from July to September 2017 identified significant improvements compared to the previous evaluation regarding the level of the “Board of Directors’ contribution to the entire Group,” the “selection of appropriate agenda items and substantive discussions,” “each Director’s contribution to discussions” and other matters. The “enhancement of the corporate governance system through organizational structure changes” and the “level of each Committee’s contribution to the Board of Directors” were also highly evaluated. On the other hand, since there are opinions that there are still some problems remaining in the strengthening of execution (execution speed) to formulate the Group strategies expeditiously due to expectations toward further improving the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, the timing of implementing the solutions to the issues pointed out in the Board of Directors meetings and their contents are confirmed at the beginning of each meeting of the Board of Directors.
We are working on improvements including the strengthening of the organizational structure of Management Strategy Unit to promote “Multi Service Retailer strategy” and “ICT strategy toward the era of IoT,” which are the pillars of the Medium-term Business Plan started in fiscal year 2017. Since there are opinions demanding the improvement of execution planning and proposal ability, the Company has started to review discussion materials to improve the planning and proposal accuracy from shareholder viewpoints. The Company has also newly established the “Business Development Unit” that is responsible for completing the business portfolio reforms and achieving corporate value enhancement to strengthen execution and the “Human Resources Strategy Unit” that is responsible for preparing HR policies and further strengthening the promotion activities related to recruitment, assignment, cultivation and evaluation so that the growth of human resources, which are the most important management resources, can lead to the entire Group organization’s growth. The Company will continue to share issues based on the evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors to ensure the effectiveness of the entire Board of Directors.
  Integrated Report 2018 51
Governance

Officer remuneration system
 1 Policy on determining remuneration for Directors and Executive Officers
To carry out the Medium-term Business Plan steadily for realizing the new Group Vision, the Company has formulated the new “Officer Remuneration Policy” including the introduction of a stock-based remuneration system for officers. The basic policies on the officer remuneration are as follows:
●Contributing to the sustainable growth of the Group and increasing corporate value over the medium to long term;
●A highly performance-based remuneration system that provides incentives to Executive Officers both for accomplishing objectives set under management strategies and business plans and for achieving targets with respect to corporate performance;
●Remuneration levels that can secure and retain personnel who have the “desirable managerial talent qualities” required by the Company;
●Increasing shared awareness of profits with shareholders and awareness of shareholder-focused management; and ●Enhanced transparency and objectivity in the remuneration determining process.
2 Procedures for determining remuneration for Directors and Executive Officers
To ensure that remuneration levels and remuneration amounts are appropriate and that their determination process is transparent, the determination of the specific remuneration amounts to be paid is made by discussion and resolution of the “Remuneration Committee,” which comprises a majority of independent Outside Directors and is chaired by an independent Outside Director. The Remuneration Committee meetings are to be held at least four times per year and the Company plans to conduct a review of the officer remuneration system upon the completion of the period of each Medium-term Business Plan.
(Basic remuneration)
Basic remuneration is positioned as a fixed remuneration and is decided for each rank (position) based on the size (weight) of the responsibility borne by each officer.
Remuneration composition for Executive Officers Remuneration composition for Non-executive Directors
(Restricted stock)
Restricted stock is a system for issuing the Company’s shares in a way that is not linked to performance with the objective of involving Non-executive Directors in management with a medium- to long-term view in order that they should strengthen the aggressive and defensive governance of the Company from a different standpoint from that of Executive Officers as the representatives of stakeholders. The shares are issued upon their retirement from office.
    Basic Remuneration
     Remuneration, etc. for Executive Officers
Bonuses
Remuneration, etc. for Non-executive Directors
   Proportion of remuneration by type for Executive Officers of each rank
<President>
<Executive Officers excluding President>
Note: The above figure represents the case of a bonus for a standard ranking where the performance achievement rate for stock-based remuneration was 100%.
Note: The remuneration composition for Directors and Executive Officers at Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores is the same as that shown for“Executive Officers excluding President”in the figure above.
Details of performance shares
Performance shares (PS)
Basic Remuneration
Restricted stock
    KPI
   Short term
  Medium to long term
  Methods of use
     Basic remuneration 38.5%
 Bonuses 23.0%
 PS 38.5%
 Monetary remuneration 61.5%
 Stock-based remuneration 38.5%
 Fixed remuneration 38.5%
 Performance-linked remuneration 61.5%
(1) Profitability (2)
(3) Efficiency (4)
Consolidated ◯ ◯ operating profit
Evaluation based on the achievement rate of targets (absolute value)
Evaluation is weighed as 50% for each indicator.
If targets are not achieved, the amount of stock-based remuneration is reduced by 50% (reduced by 25% if one target is not achieved).
 Basic earnings per share
Free cash flows
◯ ◯
ー ◯
   ROE
  ー
   ◯
    Basic remuneration 45.4%
 Bonuses 27.3%
 PS 27.3%
 Monetary remuneration 72.7%
 Stock-based remuneration 27.3%
 Fixed remuneration 45.4%
 Performance-linked remuneration 54.6%
  Note: KPI stands for Key Performance Indicator.
Note: Short-term targets are the initial forecasts for the relevant fiscal year as
announced in the Consolidated Financial Results each April (IFRS basis).
Calculation method for performance-linked coefficient
  Performance achievement rate
  Performance-linked coefficient
  150% or more
50% to less than 150%
Less than 50%
2.0
(Actual value / Targets-0.5)×2
0
   52

      Succession planning
The selection and dismissal of the chief executive officer are the most important strategic decision-making and the Company positions the development and implementation of succession plans (for the next senior management team) as matters of particular importance in terms of management strategy.
The Company ensures clarity and transparency in the process of selecting successor candidates through repeated reviews of successor candidates’individual evaluations based on assessments made by a third-party organization using internal data. The deliberations are conducted by the Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee, in which Outside Directors comprise a majority. In the process of deciding a successor, the Board of Directors plays a supervisory role focused on realizing the Basic Mission Statement and the Group Vision, based on proposals received from the Nomination Committee. With regard to the qualities required of successors, the Company clearly defines the necessary values, capabilities, and behavioral traits in the form of the five qualities required of an officer in the Corporate Governance Guidelines under “Desirable qualities required of JFR Group managerial talent.”These are a“strategic mindset,”“reform-oriented leadership,”
“tenacity to achieve results,”“organization development strengths”and“human resource development strengths.” The Company endeavors to ensure impartial cultivation and selection of successors by sharing these qualities among all members of the Nomination Committee to make them all aware of the indicators used in cultivating and assessing successors.
In addition, the dismissal of the chief executive officer is determined by the Board of Directors after being discussed and resolved by the Nomination Committee based on the goals set, expected and actual results (e.g. annual performance and strategy execution status), and the status of results, etc., achieved by successor candidates who are selected under the succession plan resolved by the Nomination Committee.
The Nomination Committee will continue to have discussions on succession planning in a planned manner so that changes in the environments and situations surrounding the Company, the progress of strategies formulated, etc., can be reflected in such planning.
Both the Committees mentioned above also discuss and resolve the dismissal of senior management team members as in the case of the chief executive officer.
Basic capital policy
The Company believes that any increase in free cash flows and improvement in ROE should help to ensure its sustainable growth and increase corporate value over the medium to long term. To such ends, the Company promotes a capital policy that takes a balanced approach to “undertaking strategic investment,”“enhancing shareholder returns”and“expanding net worth”being equipped to address risks.
Moreover, in procuring funds through interest-bearing
debt, we aim to achieve an optimal structure of debt to equity in a manner cognizant of our funding efficiency and cost of capital, carried out on the basis of having taken into consideration our capacity for generating free cash flows and our balance of interest-bearing debt.
A “business strategy” where higher sales are accompanied by profits and a “finance strategy (encompassing the capital policy)”that heightens the rate of return on invested capital are essential elements with respect to improving free cash flows and ROE. In addition, we believe it is crucial that we maximize our operating profit and continually improve our operating margin by strengthening our core businesses and concentrating management resources on initiatives such as business field expansion and active development of new businesses.
Shareholder return policy
The Company’s basic policy is to appropriately return profits. Hence, while maintaining and enhancing its sound financial standing, the Company strives to provide stable dividends and target a consolidated dividend payout ratio of no less than 30%, taking profit levels, future capital investment, free cash flow trends and other such factors into consideration. The Company also gives consideration to the option of purchasing its own shares as appropriate, in accordance with aims that include improving capital efficiency and implementing a flexible capital policy.
Policy on cross-shareholdings
The Group reduces its cross-shareholdings as appropriate considering the market environment, share price trends and other such factors (cross-shareholdings are the holdings of listed shares other than those of subsidiaries and associates which are not held for pure investment purposes). However, this does not apply to shares with respect to which rationale for such holdings has been verified by means of validation as described below.
The Board of Directors validates the rationale for the Group to maintain its cross-shareholdings on a yearly basis from both qualitative and quantitative perspectives. From a qualitative perspective, the Board of Directors considers such business strategies as maintaining harmonious and favorable business relationships with corporate customers and business partners and securing supply chains, and from a quantitative perspective, it considers dividend income and other economic rationale.
Decisions with respect to voting on matters regarding cross-shareholdings are made from both of the perspectives of whether cross-shareholdings contribute to the sustainable growth of and the medium- to long- term enhancement of the corporate value of the company whose shares are held and whether the cross- shareholdingscontributetotheGroup’ssustainable growth and medium- to long-term enhancement of corporate value. Specifically, in regard to proposals that we consider to be of high priority with respect to strengthening corporate governance, such as proposals
   Integrated Report 2018 53
Governance

relating to the corporate governance system (appointment of officers), proposals relating to shareholder return (appropriation of surplus) and proposals that have an effect on shareholder value (introduction of takeover defense measures), we establish policies upon which to base judgment of our exercise of voting rights, and acting as the Group as a whole, we take a response that is in line with such policies. We engage in dialogue with companies whose shares we hold if necessary when we exercise voting rights.
In accordance with the aforementioned policy, in fiscal year 2017, the Company sold all shares of 12 companies and partially sold shares of two companies (proceeds from the sales amounted to approximately ¥1.32 billion). As a result, the Group maintained cross-shareholdings in 48 companies (approximately ¥6.3 billion recorded on the statements of financial position) as of February 28, 2018. Also, from the current fiscal year, the Company has established the guidelines for exercising voting rights relating to cross-shareholdings and implemented them in line with the entire Group’s policy.
In case a holder of cross-held shares which holds the Company’s shares for the purpose of cross-shareholding indicates intention to sell the Company’s shares, the Company will never conduct activities to hinder the sale of cross-held shares by implying a reduction of business transaction, etc., and appropriately handle the sale, etc.
Improvement of Shareholders Meetings
With the aim of engaging in constructive dialogue with shareholders, we ensure that there is adequate time for our shareholders to consider matters with respect to which they will exercise their voting rights. To that end, we send convocation notices as early as possible (at least three weeks prior to the date on which a Shareholders Meeting is to be held) and at the same time we submit such content to financial instruments exchanges and post it on the Company’s website as early as practicably possible before sending out convocation notices. The convocation notice of the 11th Annual Shareholders Meeting was provided to financial instruments exchanges and made available on the Company’s website before delivery of the printed version and four weeks prior to the date of the Shareholders Meeting.
We give consideration to ensuring that our shareholders including domestic and overseas institutional investors are able to conveniently exercise their voting rights. To that end, we have adopted online and other means of exercising voting rights and otherwise use an electronic platform for exercising voting rights. We also prepare English translations of our convocation notices and make them available on our website and the Electronic Voting Platform so that our overseas shareholders are able to properly exercise their voting rights.
For many shareholders, the venue of the Shareholders Meetings was moved further away from their residences compared to the times when they had been the shareholders of Daimaru and Matsuzakaya before J. Front Retailing was established as a holding company. Therefore, in order to provide them with opportunities to
view the Meetings, we have set up live relay venues in the Osaka area (the Daimaru Shinsaibashi store) and the Nagoya area (the Matsuzakaya Nagoya store).
Respecting the requirements of the Corporate Governance Code, at the 10th Annual Shareholders Meeting held in May 2017, the Company amended the Articles of Incorporation to enable an institutional investor that owns shares in the name of a trust bank, etc. and does not own shares in their own name to attend a Shareholders Meeting and exercise voting rights as a proxy.
There were no special requests filed by beneficial shareholders at the 11th Annual Shareholders Meeting.
Disclosure and IR activities
Under the Basic Mission Statement that“we aim at developing the Group by contributing to society at large as a fair and reliable corporation,”the Company promotes IR activities for the purpose of maintaining and developing relations of trust with stakeholders including shareholders and investors. By accurately and plainly disclosing important information about the Company in a fair, timely and appropriate manner, we promote IR activities with the aim of improving management transparency and helping stakeholders better understand the Company.
The Company discloses important company information to which the timely disclosure rules apply through the TDnet (Timely Disclosure Network) system provided by the Tokyo Stock Exchange, while posting the same information on the Company’s website, etc. as quickly as possible. With respect to any information that is deemed to help stakeholders better understand the Company, even where the timely disclosure rules do not apply to it, the Company works to publicize such information on its website as well as by using SNS and publishing integrated reports. The Company releases information in a timely and appropriate manner by making use of the TDnet and EDINET platforms, the Company’s website and other means in line with the attributes of the information being disclosed. Moreover, to ensure that we disclose information in an impartial manner, we prepare and release English translations of our convocation notices of the Shareholders Meetings, integrated reports, timely disclosure information, financial information and the Company’s website.
The Company’s efforts to improve communication include timely disclosure and information transmission on its website in combination
with various briefings and
meetings and responses to inquiries from shareholders and investors on a daily basis. The comments and requests received from shareholders and investors are widely shared among the Company and the
     Participation of beneficial shareholders in Shareholders Meetings
   54

 relevant companies in the Group, and we refer to them in managing the Company to increase corporate value.
Furthermore, the Company was chosen as No. 1 in the retail category of the“2017 Award for Excellence in Corporate Disclosure” (sponsored by The Securities Analysts Association of Japan). Its evaluation items include: (1) top management attitude, the function of IR department and the basic stance on IR; (2) information disclosure in briefings, interviews and description materials; (3) fair disclosure; (4) disclosure of information on corporate governance; and (5) voluntary information disclosure in line with the situation of each industry. The Company was highly evaluated, selected as No. 1 in two items out of five, and as the overall No.1 in the retail category among 20 retail companies.
management, etc. using extensive specialized knowledge of the Committee members chosen from among the supervisory units.
The Company has established the “Compliance Committee”(whose membership includes a corporate lawyer) for the purpose of appropriately addressing the issues of the Group compliance management practices. The Committee draws up a policy for addressing matters involving serious compliance-related violations, continuously oversees development of the foundations of compliance system (e.g. preparation of promotion systems and plans) and the status of implementation through close collaboration with departments in charge of promoting compliance and promotes compliance with laws and regulations, corporate ethics and other such standards.
Both the Committees report details of their deliberations to the Audit Committee regularly (about two times a year) and in a timely manner.
Whistleblowing system
The Company has established a whistleblowing system that enables all the Group’s officers and employees as well as all individuals working at the Group (including part-timers and employees seconded from business partners) to notify the Compliance Committee directly with respect to compliance-related issues, and to seek corrective action. The Company has set up points of contact for whistleblowers both internally and outside the Company (a corporate lawyer).
The Group’s internal company rules rigorously provide for the whistleblowing system in terms of protecting the confidentiality of whistleblowers and prohibiting any disadvantageous treatment of any whistleblower.
*There were 28 whistleblowing cases in fiscal year 2017.
       Major dialo
gue activities with investors in fiscal year 2017
   For individual investors
Participation in briefings hosted by securities companies, etc.
Results presentations
Overseas IR roadshows
Participation in overseas conferences
Participation in conferences for overseas investors held in Japan
Seven times in total
Every six months
Three times in total
Once
Three times in total
  For analysts / institutional investors
   For overseas institutional investors
   Combining the above and individual meetings, we held a total of 287 dialogues with analysts and institutional investors.
From the standpoint of fair disclosure, we release the Japanese and English texts of the summary of questions and answers in the results presentations and conference calls held after the release of financial results beginning in the fiscal year ended February 28, 2018.
Risk management and compliance
The Risk Management Committee manages and addresses strategic and other risks as a whole systematically from a company-wide perspective, and makes management decisions specifically focusing on risk management. The Committee is chaired by President and Representative Executive Officer and the Committee members include the Senior Executive General Managers of the supervisory units and the presidents of main subsidiaries. The Committee assesses a variety of risks, prepares necessary measures, and conducts progress
 Integrated Report 2018 55
Governance

 Governance > Interview with Outside Director
Interview
 ISHII Yasuo
 The Company’s governance initiatives
 56
When I became the Company’s Audit & Supervisory Board Member three years ago, people were talking about the importance of outside officers and corporate governance. In such a situation, the Company, which was a Company with an Audit & Supervisory Board, established a voluntary“Governance Committee.”And the Company discussed the way the organizational structure should be. As a result, the direction that it should transition to a Company with Three Committees (Nomination, Audit and Remuneration Committees) was shown.
I think there are three points of changes in the Company’s governance. Firstly, they have promoted initiatives to ensure the effectiveness of the Board of Directors as a whole. Secondly, they introduced the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and B/S-based management from the standpoint of governance in a broad sense. It is particularly symbolic that they have set an ROE target of 8% or more in the recent and current Medium- term Business Plans. And thirdly, they created a specialized unit named“ESG Promotion Division”in March 2018 to clarify their stance on important sustainability issues. I think these three points are great changes that represent the development of the Company’s governance.
Also at the 11th Annual Shareholders Meeting, I saw obvious changes. I think they are typified by the following three matters. Firstly, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors reported the operational status of the Board of Directors and the chairpersons of the three statutory committees reported the operational status of these committees at the Shareholders Meeting. This exactly
represents the development of the governance of the Company as a Company with Three Committees (Nomination, Audit and Remuneration Committees). Secondly, I also saw changes in questions from shareholders this year. I have the impression that there were many questions concerning requests from a customer’s perspective in the past. This year, however, many questions were raised concerning the policies, strategies and governance of the Company. I think this change occurred because shareholders understood changesintheCompany’sgovernance.Thirdly,the President of the Company who chaired the Shareholders Meeting explained very precisely in person in his own words. These three matters have renewed my feeling that the Company’s governance has changed.
In addition, I feel the Group structure is changing. For example, they discuss the roles of the auditors of consolidated subsidiaries. I think studying such a thing itself is a specific example of proceeding with the Group management. Their view is that it is not easy to survive in the future without considering new businesses and associated businesses other than the Department Store Business beyond the framework of retail and aiming to change their business portfolio. Business portfolio was actively discussed at my previous company, and as a result, they pulled out of associated businesses one after another to focus on their main business. Meanwhile, given the industry structure, I think it will be difficult for the Company to focus excessively on retail in the future. Though I think the Company’s direction and idea of
“exceeding the framework of retail” is correct, the questions are what business to choose and where to expand it.
Biography
 Apr 1970 Jun 2000
Jan 2001 Mar 2003
Jun 2003
Jun 2004 Jun 2005
Jun 2008 Jun 2011 Jun 2013 May 2015
May 2017 May 2018
Joined Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Director of the Board and Director of Ethical Products Marketing Department of Sales & Marketing Division of the same company
Director of the Board of the same company and Chairman of Yamanouchi Europe B. V.
Director of the Board of Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and Chairman of Yamanouchi U.K. Limited and Yamanouchi Europe B. V.
Managing Director of the Board of Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Senior Corporate Executive of the same company Senior Corporate Executive of Astellas Pharma Inc. and Chairman & CEO of Astellas Pharma Europe Ltd. Executive Vice President and Representative Director of Astellas Pharma Inc.
Vice Deputy Chairman and Representative Director of the same company
Retired from the office of Vice Deputy Chairman and Representative Director of the same company Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores Co. Ltd.
Outside Director of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd. (present) Director of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores Co. Ltd. (present)

   Changes seen in the Board of Directors
Compared to my first year as an outside Board member, I think the Company’s policies and strategies are much more intensively discussed at the Board of Directors meetings. The Board members including myself discussed in depth the Group Vision, the Medium-term Business Plans, annual strategies and others. It was striking that the Company ran into issues concerning“people”such as the development and securing of human resources in any discussions. Each strategy is not a“pie in the sky”and it is important to realize it. Another keyword for realizing strategies is“speed.”In discussions on strategies, issues of“people”and“speed”were always raised.
The Company evaluated the Board of Directors three times. Seeing the results, I feel the evaluations were generally correct. Inside Directors also told what they really thought more than I had thought. The results of the evaluation of the Board of Directors are not its purpose but what to do thereafter based on issues seen from the evaluation is important. Evaluation results are only interim evaluation at that point in major governance reform and it is important to continuously conduct evaluations. Currently the Board of Directors of the holding company is evaluated and I think the evaluation should be expanded in the future to cover major consolidated subsidiaries partly in order to deepen discussions on the Group management.
The main item on the agenda of the meetings of the voluntarily established Governance Committee is the way the organizational structure should be to improve effectiveness based on the evaluation of the Board of Directors. In the past, the Committee discussed the members of the Board of Directors, agenda items to be discussed, time allocation, the number of the Board meetings, etc. Presently, the Committee discusses even the way related operating subsidiaries and their roles and functions and audit systems should be as well as the functions and roles of the holding company. I feel the Governance Committee has also entered the second phase.
In general, diversity is considered as the issue of women, nationality and race, and age. However, I think diversity is the issue of how to use people with different thoughts as well as genders, nationalities and ages. I think the final form of diversity is to use the individuality of each and every worker, regardless of whether he/she is an officer or an employee, instead of excluding people who think differently, so that people with different thoughts can perform well in a company. As discussed with Mr. Yamamoto, President, previously, it is important to create an environment where consolidated subsidiaries can easily provide advice to the holding company. I think openness to accept different opinions is critical to enhance corporate value.
Roles to be filled as Outside Director
I think people with different insights and experiences in different industries should be appointed as Outside Directors. I am conscious of an external perspective as well as the standpoint of a representative of shareholders. I think to say consciously in the position of Outside Director what is difficult to ask or say in the position of Inside Director helps improve corporate value and actually I am doing so. I think it is important to improve the executive level first in a company. If only Outside Directors are strong and Executive Officers are not strong, the company will become an armchair theorist. I exercise oversight and provide advice consciously so that the executive level will be improved.
In such a situation, I think it is good that the“Risk Management Committee”focuses on the both positive and negative sides of risk. Literally, there is a“risk of not investing.”The Company has many things to consider including ICT and e-commerce, M&A, and new businesses. Japan as a whole will trend toward depopulation and market shrinkage in the future. They are the issues facing not only the Company but also all industries in Japan. However, I think the Company should make a little more effort to address these issues.
I think the Company put in place an internal control system and formulated the great Medium-term Business Plan during the past year. Going forward, it is important how they will be operated and promoted, and to this end, I would like to thoroughly fulfill my supervisory role. It is also important how the policy and direction of the entire Group Management will be established beyond the framework of retail. Currently the Company is at a major“turning point” and in the very phase of changing the Group structure. How will the Company proceed with these changes? I would like to look at the future of the Group management from the standpoint of the business plan, development of new businesses and overseas business management, in which I had engaged over my career.
I think the Company is in the course of very interesting change now. For example, the business concept of the present pharmaceutical companies has changed completely from before. They are a so-called“information industry”in which it is important not to sell products but to input and output information. In these circumstances, the perspective of how to use data is becoming important. Though there may be ways of doing business continuing for hundreds of years in the retail industry, I think some of them can be changed. A keyword“creation”is shown in the new Group Vision and I give attention to how the Company will become a“creative company”in the future. For example, it may be interesting to aim for a“research- and-development-based retailer.”I expect the Company will produce tangible results that meet the keyword
“creation”in the Vision.
Integrated Report 2018 57
Governance

Governance > Management Management (as of May 31, 2018)
 Directors
KOBAYASHI Yasuyuki
Number of the Company’s shares held: 35,300
Chairperson of Board of Directors Nomination Committee Member Remuneration Committee Member
DOI Zenichi
Number of the Company’s shares held: 35,700 Chairperson of Audit Committee
TSUTSUMI Hiroyuki
Number of the Company’s shares held: 15,698 Audit Committee Member
TACHIBANA FUKUSHIMA Sakie
Outside Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 4,700
Chairperson of Nomination Committee Remuneration Committee Member
              Apr 1973 Feb 2003
May 2003 Jan 2004
Sep 2007 Jan 2008
Mar 2010
May 2010
May 2012 Apr 2013
May 2013 May 2015
May 2016 May 2017
Joined The Daimaru, Inc.
Associate Director and General Manager of Sapporo Store of the same company
Corporate Officer of the same company
General Manager of Tokyo Store of the same company
Corporate Officer of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd. Director and Corporate Officer, Deputy Executive General Manager of Department Store Operations Headquarters and Executive General Manager of Merchandising Management Unit of Head Office of The Daimaru, Inc.
Director and Corporate Officer, Senior Executive General Manager of Sales and Marketing Headquarters and Senior General Manager of Merchandise Strategy Unit of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores Co. Ltd.
Director and Corporate Executive Officer of the same company
Director of Parco Co., Ltd. (present)
Managing Executive Officer and Senior Executive General Manager of Affiliated Business Unit of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd.
Director and Managing Executive Officer of the same company
Senior Managing Executive Officer of the same company
Representative Director of the same company Director and Chairperson of Board of Directors of the same company (present)
Mar 1976 May 2002
May 2006 May 2008
Jan 2009 Mar 2010
Mar 2012
May 2012 Jan 2015
May 2015
Mar 2017 May 2017
Joined Matsuzakaya Co., Ltd.
Executive General Manager of Corporate Planning Unit of Nagoya Business Division of the same company Executive Officer and Executive General Manager of Sales Planning Unit of the same company Managing Executive Officer, Executive General Manager of General Planning Unit, Executive General Manager of Sales Reform Promotion Unit and Executive General Manager of Sales Planning Unit of the same company
Director and Executive Officer and Executive General Manager of Sales Management Unit of the same company Director and Corporate Officer and Senior General Manager of Sales Planning Unit of Sales and Marketing Headquarters of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores Co. Ltd.
Senior General Manager of Out-of-Store Sales Management Division of Sales and Marketing Headquarters of the same company
Director and Managing Executive Officer of the same company
Senior Executive General Manager of Administration Headquarters and in charge of Compliance and Risk Management of the same company
Director and Managing Executive Officer, Senior Executive General Manager of Administration Unit and in charge of Compliance and Risk Management of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd.
Outside Director of Hakuyosha Co., Ltd. (present) Director of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd. (present)
Apr 1980 Mar 1993
Mar 2001 Sep 2007 Mar 2010
May 2013
Mar 2016 May 2017
Joined The Daimaru, Inc.
General Manager of Accounting Division of Hong Kong Daimaru Limited
General Manager of Finance Headquarters of The Daimaru, Inc.
General Manager of Finance Division of Administration Unit of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd.
General Manager of Finance Division of Administration Unit of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores Co. Ltd.
Executive Officer and Senior General Manager of Finance Division of Administration Unit of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd.
Senior General Manager of Finance and Accounting of Financial Strategy Unit of the same company Director of the same company (present)
Jun 1980 Sep 1987 Aug 1991
Jun 1993 Sep 2000
May 2001
Sep 2007 May 2009
Mar 2010 Jul 2010
Aug 2010
Jun 2011 May 2012
Jun 2013 Jun 2016
Joined Braxton International
Joined Bain & Company, Inc.
Principal Consultant of Japan Branch Office of Korn/Ferry International
Partner of the same company
Regional Managing Director of Korn/Ferry International-Japan and Member of the Board of Korn/Ferry International (Global Headquarters) President and Representative Director of Korn/ Ferry International-Japan and Member of the Board of Korn/Ferry International (Global Headquarters) President and Representative Director of Korn/ Ferry International-Japan
Chairman and Representative Director of the same company
Outside Director of Bridgestone Corporation President and Representative Director of G&S Global Advisors Inc. (present)
Asia Pacific Senior Advisor of Korn/Ferry International
Outside Director of Ajinomoto Co., Inc. (present) Outside Director of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd. (present)
Outside Director of Mitsubishi Corporation Outside Director of Ushio Inc. (present)
    OTA Yoshikatsu
Outside Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 6,800
Chairperson of Remuneration Committee Nomination Committee Member
ISHII Yasuo
Outside Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 1,900
Audit Committee Member
NISHIKAWA Koichiro
Outside Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 900
Audit Committee Member
SATO Rieko
Outside Director
Number of the Company’s shares held: 0
Nomination Committee Member Remuneration Committee Member Audit Committee Member
        58
Apr 1964 Jun 1991
Jul 1994
Jun 1995 Jun 1999
Apr 2001
Aug 2003
Oct 2003
Apr 2006
Apr 2009
Jun 2012 Apr 2013
Apr 2014 Jun 2014 May 2015 Jun 2017
Joined Minolta Camera Co., Ltd.
Director, General Manager of Copying Machine Business Division and General Manager of Copying Machine Sales Division of the same company Director and Executive General Manager of Information Device Business Management Unit and Executive General Manager of Information Device Sales Unit of Minolta Co., Ltd.
Managing Director of the same company President and Representative Director of the same company
President and Executive Officer and Representative Director of the same company
Director and Vice President and Representative Executive Officer of Konica Minolta Holdings, Inc. President and CEO of Konica Minolta Technologies, Inc.
Director, President and CEO of Konica Minolta Holdings, Inc.
Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the same company
Outside Director of Yamaha Corporation
Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Konica Minolta, Inc.
Director of the same company
Special Advisor of the same company
Outside Director of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd. (present) Honorary Advisor of Konica Minolta, Inc. (present)
Apr 1970 Jun 2000
Jan 2001 Mar 2003
Jun 2003
Jun 2004 Apr 2005
Jun 2008 Jun 2011 May 2015
May 2017 May 2018
Joined Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Director of the Board and Director of Ethical Products Marketing Department of Sales & Marketing Division of the same company
Director of the Board of the same company and Chairman of Yamanouchi Europe B. V.
Director of the Board of Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and Chairman of Yamanouchi U.K. Limited and Chairman of Yamanouchi Europe B. V. Managing Director of the Board of Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Senior Corporate Executive of the same company Senior Corporate Executive of Astellas Pharma Inc. and Chairman & CEO of Astellas Pharma Europe Ltd.
Executive Vice President and Representative Director of Astellas Pharma Inc.
Vice Deputy Chairman and Representative Director of the same company
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores Co. Ltd.
Outside Director of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd. (present)
Director of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores Co. Ltd. (present)
Apr 1970 Aug 1995 Jun 2001
Apr 2003 Jun 2003 Jan 2006 Apr 2007
Apr 2012
Apr 2010 Mar 2014 May 2015
May 2017 May 2018
Joined Hitachi, Ltd.
Vice President of Hitachi America, Ltd.
Managing Officer and General Manager of Global Business Development Division of Hitachi, Ltd. Manager of Business Development Division of the same company
Executive Officer and Manager of Business Development Division of the same company
Vice President and Executive Officer in charge of Business Development of the same company Senior Vice President and Executive Officer in charge of Business Development of the same company
Senior Vice President and Executive Officer of Hitachi Cable, Ltd.
Senior Advisor of Hitachi Research Institute Outside Director of Kyowa Hakko Kirin Co., Ltd. Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores Co. Ltd.
Outside Director of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd. (present)
Director of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores Co. Ltd. (present)
Apr 1984 Aug 1989 Jul 1998 Jun 2004
Jun 2012 Jun 2015 Oct 2016 May 2018
Registered as attorney at law
Shearman & Sterling LLP
Partner of Ishii Law Office (present)
External Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Ajinomoto Co., Inc.
Outside Corporate Auditor of NTT Data Corporation (present)
Outside Director of The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
Outside Director of Dai-ichi Life Holdings, Inc. (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member) (present) Outside Director of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd. (present)
*The numbers of the Company’s shares held by Directors are as of February 28, 2018.
*The Company transitioned to a Company with Three Committees (Nomination, Audit and Remuneration Committees) as of May 25, 2017 by resolving to amend the Articles of
Incorporation at the Annual Shareholders Meeting held on the same day.

 Directors
YAMAMOTO Ryoichi
Number of the Company’s shares held: 64,700
President and Representative Executive Officer Nomination Committee Member Remuneration Committee Member
YOSHIMOTO Tatsuya
Number of the Company’s shares held: 36,500 Representative Managing Executive Officer
MAKIYAMA Kozo
Number of the Company’s shares held: 14,100 Managing Executive Officer
SAWADA Taro
Number of the Company’s shares held: 9,800 Managing Executive Officer
              Apr 1973 May 2003
Mar 2005 Jan 2007
Sep 2007
Mar 2008 Mar 2010 Sep 2012
Apr 2013 May 2017
Joined The Daimaru, Inc.
President and COO and General Manager of Department Store Operations of Group Headquarters of the same company
General Manager of Metropolitan Area New Business Development Division of Group Headquarters of the same company
Executive General Manager of Planning Office for New Umeda Store of Department Store Operations Headquarters of Group Headquarters of the same company
Director and in charge of Sales Reform and Out-of- Store Sales Reform of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd. Executive General Manager of Department Store Operations Headquarters and Executive General Manager of Planning Office for New Umeda Store of Head Office of The Daimaru, Inc.
Director of Matsuzakaya Co., Ltd.
Executive General Manager of Sales Headquarters of Head Office of The Daimaru, Inc.
President and Representative Director of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores Co. Ltd. President and Representative Director of the same company and President and Representative Director of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Sales Associates Co. Ltd. President and Representative Director of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd.
Director, President and Representative Executive Officer of the same company (present)
Apr 1979 Mar 2000
Jan 2008 May 2008 Jan 2010
Mar 2010
May 2012 Apr 2013
May 2013 May 2017
Joined The Daimaru, Inc.
Senior Manager of Preparatory Office for Opening Sapporo Store of Planning Office for Sapporo Store of Head Office of the same company General Manager of Tokyo Store of the same company
Corporate Officer and General Manager of Tokyo Store of the same company
Corporate Officer, General Manager of Sales Planning Promotion Division and General Manager of Marketing Planning Promotion Division of Department Stores Coordination Division of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd.
Corporate Officer and Senior General Manager of Management Planning Division of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores Co. Ltd.
Director and Corporate Officer of the same company
President and Representative Director of the same company (present) and President and Representative Director of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Sales Associates Co. Ltd. (present)
Director of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd.
Director and Representative Managing Executive Officer of the same company (present)
Executive Officers
Apr 1981 Mar 2004
Mar 2007 Mar 2008
May 2008
Mar 2009
Mar 2010
Mar 2011
May 2011
May 2013 May 2017
Joined Parco Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer and Executive General Manager of Store Operation Division of the same company Managing Executive Officer and Executive General Manager of Store Management Division of the same company
Senior Executive Officer, Senior Executive General Manager of Store Operation Headquarters and Executive General Manager of Store Management Division of the same company Director and Senior Executive Officer of the same company
Supervisor of Store Operation Division of the same company
In charge of Store Management of the same company
In charge of Business Management of the same company
Director, President and Representative Executive Officer of the same company (present)
Director of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd.
Director and Managing Executive Officer of the same company (present)
Apr 1983 Jun 2004
Mar 2010 Jan 2011
May 2011 May 2012
Sep 2015
Jul 2016 Mar 2017
May 2017 May 2018
Joined The Daimaru, Inc.
Department Manager of Sales Promotion Department of Sales Planning & CS Promotion Division of Kobe Store
Division Manager of Management Planning Division of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores Co. Ltd. Executive Store Manager of Daimaru Kobe of the same company
Corporate Officer of the same company
Executive Store Manager of Daimaru Osaka Shinsaibashi of the same company
Executive Store Manager of Daimaru Osaka Shinsaibashi and Executive General Manager of Shinsaibashi New Store Planning Office of the same company
Executive General Manager of Management Planning Unit of the same company
Executive General Manager of Management Planning Unit and Executive General Manager of Future Standard Laboratory of the same company Director and Managing Executive Officer of the same company
Director and Managing Executive Officer, Senior Executive General Manager of Management Strategy Unit and in charge of Risk Management of J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd. (present)
Director of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores Co. Ltd. (present)
Director of Parco Co., Ltd. (present)
   WAKABAYASHI Hayato
Number of the Company’s shares held: 1,800 Managing Executive Officer
YAMAMOTO Ryoichi
President and Representative Executive Officer
WAKABAYASHI Hayato
Managing Executive Officer
Senior Executive General Manager of Financial Strategy Unit and Senior General Manager of Financing and Finance Policy Division
TADATSU Takehiko
Executive Officer
Senior General Manager of Human Resources Strategy Unit and Senior General Manager of Group Human Resources Development Division and Executive Officer and Executive General Manager of Human Resources Development Division of Administration Headquarters of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores Co. Ltd.
NINOBE Mamoru
Executive Officer
President and Representative Director of JFR Card Co., Ltd.
YOSHIMOTO Tatsuya
Representative Managing Executive Officer
FUJINO Haruyoshi
Managing Executive Officer
Senior Executive General Manager of Business Development Unit
MAKITA Takayuki
Executive Officer
Senior General Manager of Management Planning Division of Management Strategy Unit
KONDO Yasuhiko
Executive Officer
President and Representative Director of J. Front Design & Construction Co., Ltd.
MAKIYAMA Kozo
Managing Executive Officer
ARISAWA Hisashi
Managing Executive Officer
Senior Executive General Manager of Affiliated Business Unit
NAKAYAMA Takashi
Executive Officer
Senior General Manager of Group Digital Strategy Division and Senior General Manager of New Business Division of Business Development Unit
ONO Keiichi
Executive Officer
President and Representative Director of Dimples’Co., Ltd.
SAWADA Taro
Managing Executive Officer
Senior Executive General Manager of Management Strategy Unit and in charge of Risk Management
MURATA Soichi
Managing Executive Officer
Senior Executive General Manager of Administration Unit and in charge of Compliance
IWATA Yoshimi
Executive Officer
Senior General Manager of Budget and Management Support of Financial Strategy Unit
  Apr 1985 Apr 1998 Apr 2007 Feb 2009
Jul 2013 May 2015
Sep 2015 Mar 2016
May 2016 May 2017
May 2018
Joined Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd. (present Panasonic Corporation)
President of Panasonic Financial Center Malaysia Co., Ltd.
Director and Chief Executive Officer of Matsushita Electric (China) Finance Limited
Finance Planning Team Leader (Manager) of Headquarters Finance & IR Group of Panasonic Corporation
General Manager of Finance & IR Group of Corporate Strategy Division and Finance Planning Team Leader (Director) of Panasonic Corporation Joined J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd.
In charge of Finance Policy of Administration Unit of the same company
Executive Officer and in charge of Financial Strategy and Policy of Administration Unit of the same company Senior Executive General Manager of Financial Strategy Unit and in charge of Finance Policy of the same company
Director of the same company
Director and Managing Executive Officer, Senior Executive General Manager of Financial Strategy Unit and in charge of Financing and Finance Policy of the same company
Director and Managing Executive Officer, Senior Executive General Manager of Financial Strategy Unit and Senior General Manager of Financing and Finance Policy Division of the same company (present)
 Corporate profile
Company name : Main store : Office : Established : Capital : The Group’s business lines :
J. Front Retailing Co., Ltd.
10-1, Ginza 6-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Nihonbashi 1-chome Mitsui Building, 4-1, Nihonbashi 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo September 3, 2007
¥31,974 million
Department store operation; retail; restaurants; wholesale; import and export; design, supervision and contracting of construction works; direct marketing; credit cards; labor dispatch service; merchandise inspection and consulting; and others
Number of employees
U R L : http://www.j-front-retailing.com/
(consolidated):6,723 (as of February 28, 2018)
Note: In addition to the above, there are 1,573 dedicated employees who became indefinite-term employees on June 1, 2017 and 2,133 fixed-term employees on average during fiscal year 2017.
Integrated Report 2018 59
Governance

      60
 Financial/Non-financial Highlights
   Consolidated ROE
 10
8
6
4
2 0
7.5% 8.9
7.5
   6.8
 5.8
5.8
 3.6
5.4
   2011 2012 2013
2014 2015
2016 2017
In the fiscal year ended February 28, 2018, return on equity (ROE) as the most important management indicator was 7.5% due to the efforts to enhance profit level and capital efficiency. We aim to achieve an 8% or more ROE in FY2021, the final year of the new Medium-term Business Plan.
 Customer traffic
 340million people
About 340 million customers visited 15 stores directly managed by Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores and 18 Parco stores during the year. This shows that our stores are loved by and familiar to local people and contribute to revitalizing local communities. (As of February 28, 2018)
    Identifia6ble customers of Daimaru/Matsuzakaya/Parco million people
As of February 28, 2018, Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores and Parco have 4.2 million and 1.88 million cardholders, respectively, totaling more than six million. We also have a gaisho organization of affluent customers and such good customer assets are the strength of the Group.
  7 Annual dividend
th consecutive
 year of increase
Our basic policy is to maintain stable dividend payments and appropriately return profits targeting a dividend payout ratio of at least 30% in view of profit level, future capital investment, FCF trends, etc. while maintaining and enhancing the sound financial condition.
   Share of sales to inbound tourists
 7.3%
In fiscal year 2017, Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores posted tax-free sales to foreign tourists to Japan of ¥47.9 billion and their sales share increased to 7.3%. The product selection and hospitality of our department stores attract foreign tourists and sales continue to grow.
New employees in FY2017
  
    Ratio of female employees
 50.5%
At Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores, female employees account for 50.5%, half of total employees, as of February 28, 2018. We have in place various systems that consider work-life balance including “shortened working hours for child care” and “child care leave,” which were designed beyond statutory limits, to support female employees.
  Ratio of female leaders
 32.5%
The ratio of female leaders to total leadership positions of Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores was 32.5% as of March 1, 2018. Women can play an active role in a wide range of work areas. Regardless of gender and nationality, we promote management with diversity as a source of competitive advantage.
    Rati5o of Outside Directors 13
The organizational structure transitioned from a Company with Audit & Supervisory Board to a Company with Three Committees (Nomination, Audit and Remuneration Committees) by a resolution of the Annual Shareholders Meeting held in May 2017. Five out of 13 Directors are Outside Directors. With a stronger outside perspective, we strengthen governance.
    Outside Directors’attendance rate at the Board meetings
100%
A total of 14 meetings of the Board of Directors were held in the fiscal year ended February 28, 2018. The attendance rate of Outside Directors at these Board meetings was 100%. Oversight function was further strengthened by transitioning to a Company with Three Committees (Nomination, Audit and Remuneration Committees) and they have highly transparent and vigorous discussions using an outside perspective.
  CO2 emissions
147,000 tons
In fiscal year 2017, Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores emitted 147,000 tons of CO2, down 6.4% in intensity compared to fiscal year 2016. We promote conversion to LED lighting at stores and make various energy saving efforts in back-office sections to contribute to preventing global warming and improve productivity at the same time.
    Number of items collected for recycling
1.022million pieces
Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores launched “Ecoff” recycling campaign in August 2016. The number of disused clothing, shoes and bags brought by customers finally exceeded one million pieces in total till April 2018. The collected items are recycled as energy, fabric and others.
 Financial/Non-financial Highlights
            Integrated Report 2018 61

    Financial/Non-financial Highlights
JGAAP
  Millions of yen (except where otherwise indicated)
Net sales / Gross sales
- / Sales revenue
Rent income
Gross profit
SGA
Business profit
Operating profit
Ordinary profit / Profit before tax
Profit / Profit attributable to owners of parent
Total assets
Equity
Net assets Interest-bearing debt
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Cash flows from financing activities
Capital expenditures Depreciation (including cost)
Per share information [Yen]
Earnings per share (EPS) / Basic earnings per share*1 Book value per share (BPS) *1
Dividends per share*1
Financial indicators [%]
Ratio of gross profit to net sales / Ratio of gross profit to sales revenue Ratio of SGA to net sales / Ratio of SGA to sales revenue
Ratio of operating profit to net sales / Ratio of operating profit to sales revenue Return on equity (ROE) / Return on equity attributable to owners of parent (ROE) Return on assets (ROA) / Return on assets (ROA)
Return on investment (ROI) / Return on investment (ROI) Equity ratio / Equity ratio attributable to owners of parent Dividend payout ratio
Non-financial indicators
Number of employees (consolidated) [People]
Ratio of female employees (Daimaru Matsuzakaya*10) [%]
Ratio of female leaders [%]*2
Employee turnover rate (Daimaru Matsuzakaya) [%]*3 Post-retirement re-employment rate (Daimaru Matsuzakaya) [%]*4 Department store sales floor area (directly managed stores) [m2] Parco sales floor area [m2]
Customer traffic (Daimaru Matsuzakaya) [1,000 people]
Average spend per customer (Daimaru Matsuzakaya) [Yen] Number of cards issued by Daimaru Matsuzakaya [1,000 cards] Number of holders of cards issued by Parco [1,000 people] GHG (CO2) emissions (CO2-t)*5
Energy consumption [kl (crude oil equivalent)]*6
Packaging material consumption [t]*7
Waste disposal [t]*8
Food waste disposal [t]*9
FY2008
1,096,690 ー 4,242 269,282 241,189 ー 28,092 28,289 7,170
776,616 307,861 316,268
94,677
22,686 (11,676) (13,510)
18,095 13,257
27.13 1,164.53 16.00
24.55 22.0 2.6 2.3 3.6 7.0 39.6 59.0
16,873 42.6 30.8 2.1 64.3 541,546 447,500 ー ー 4,307 1,564 ー ー ー ー ー
FY2009
982,533 ー 4,652 240,211 221,627 ー 18,584 19,966 8,167
804,534 314,494 323,506 125,937
22,996 (40,879) 29,212
59,566 13,295
30.90 1,189.79 14.00
24.45 22.6 1.9 2.6 2.4 4.7 39.1 45.3
15,431 43.5 26.2 3.5 55.6 570,117 444,500 ー ー 3,872 1,574 ー ー ー ー ー
FY2010
950,102 ー 5,962 229,588 209,265 ー 20,323 21,092 8,862
775,029 318,033 327,242 108,658
21,270
(8,432) (23,128)
20,020 13,610
33.53 1,203.24 14.00
24.16 22.0 2.1 2.8 2.6 4.9 41.0 41.8
14,307 44.7 26.3 3.7 57.2 549,739 454,000 224,242 3,842 4,056 1,618 166,801 98,013 2,574 10,803 2,517
FY2011
941,415 ー 6,961 226,646 205,052 ー 21,594 22,941 18,804
767,543 332,917 342,561 106,025
24,365 (26,781) (6,872)
19,246 13,347
71.15 1,259.60 16.00
24.08 21.8 2.3 5.8 2.8 5.3 43.4 22.5
13,413 45.9 19.0 2.3 68.1 573,323 443,000 236,876 3,797 4,365 1,612 151,341 98,128 2,627 11,004 2,327
             62
*1 The Company’s common shares were consolidated at the ratio of one share for every two shares as of September 1, 2014. Per share information has been calculated as if this consolidation of shares was conducted at the beginning of FY2007.
*2 Until FY2012: Total numbers of General Managers, Managers, Buyers, Team Leaders and Assistant Buyers of Daimaru Matsuzakaya
FY2013 and after: Total numbers of General Managers, Managers, Submanagers, Buyers and Team Leaders of Daimaru Matsuzakaya and Daimaru Matsuzakaya Sales
Associates (“DMSA”) and Supervisors and Section Leaders of DMSA
*3 Number of retired employees during the year / Number of employees at the beginning of the year ×100 (%)
The number of retired employees above excludes employees who retired because of retirement age, transfer and becoming officers.
*4 Daimaru Matsuzakaya has introduced a transfer system for employees aged 55 and above in September 2013.

  Financial/Non-financial Highlights
      FY2012
1,092,756 ー 9,076 245,615 214,757 ー 30,857 32,202 12,183
1,009,165 341,318 390,667 213,085
26,025 (73,977) 58,275
19,038 16,482
46.11 1,292.36 18.00
22.48 19.7 2.8 3.6 3.5 6.5 33.8 39.0
14,838 44.8 15.7 1.2 67.8 569,137 442,600 246,764 3,838 4,580 1,614 156,843 93,338 2,669 10,797 2,109
FY2013
1,146,319 ー 10,195 244,130 202,313 ー 41,816 40,502 31,568
998,730 370,173 422,215 187,950
37,532
(8,858) (32,027)
52,758 17,698
119.55 1,402.53 22.00
21.30 17.6 3.6 8.9 4.2 7.3 37.1 18.4
11,561 48.5 24.6 5.9 69.8 543,785 442,600 237,647 4,107 4,659 1,643 168,825 88,027 2,978 10,456 1,955
FY2014
1,149,529 ー 10,727 243,739 201,572 ー 42,167 40,480 19,967
1,018,495 375,886 430,260 168,458
44,650 (16,272) (27,587)
24,277 17,963
75.66 1,424.28 25.00
21.20 17.5 3.7 5.4 4.2 7.3 36.9 33.1
11,149 48.9 27.7 0.7 78.0 529,460 451,000 220,411 4,215 4,595 1,754 167,613 81,666 2,682 9,205 1,718
FY2015
1,163,564 ー 12,094 245,532 197,494 ー 48,038 47,910 26,313
1,019,146 383,699 440,594 180,922
36,799 (39,741) (1,041)
37,110 18,345
100.42 1,467.05 27.00
21.10 17.0 4.1 6.9 4.7 8.6 37.6 26.9
11,023 49.9 28.1 1.5 88.5 498,460 456,000 207,512 4,414 4,217 1,885 167,189 80,009 2,553 8,198 1,527
FY2016
1,108,512 ー 13,547 234,785 190,205 ー 44,580 44,425 26,950
1,050,109 406,336 465,839 187,799
36,239 (30,353) (2,189)
44,999 17,189
103.04 1,553.60 28.00
21.18 17.2 4.0 6.8 4.3 7.7 38.7 27.2
10,732 50.2 32.0 1.4 95.6 498,460 409,000 197,250 4,420 4,062 1,990 157,575 75,934 2,412 8,256 1,826
IFRS
1,134,342 452,505 13,545 212,567 167,668 44,898 41,727 42,608 27,052
1,005,069 368,571
205,952
33,764 (27,952) (2,097)
44,999 17,284
103.43 1,409.20 28.00
46.98 37.1 9.2 7.6 4.2 7.6 36.7 27.1
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
FY2016
FY2017
1,138,981 469,915 17,156 212,935 166,688 46,842 49,546 48,271 28,486
1,022,348 395,519
184,202
57,079 (19,030) (31,048)
27,021 18,683
108.92 1,511.91 35.00
45.31 35.5 10.5 7.5 4.9 8.4 38.7 32.1
10,429 50.5 32.5 1.7 85.0 495,331 389,000 200,966 4,676 4,029 2,031 147,191 74,410 2,369 8,136 2,104
    *5-9Total of Daimaru Matsuzakaya, Hakata Daimaru, Shimonoseki Daimaru, Kochi Daimaru and Tottori Daimaru
*6 Energy consumption is the crude oil equivalent of the total consumption of electricity, gas, gasoline, light/heavy oil, etc. (kiloliter).
*7 Packaging material consumption is the weights of wrapping paper, shopping bags, plastic bags for food products, etc. (ton).
*8 Waste disposal is the weights after subtracting the weights of waste recycled from the total weights of waste generated including general waste, raw garbage and industrial
waste (ton).
*9 Food waste disposal is included in waste disposal.
*10 Daimaru Matsuzakaya: Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores
Integrated Report 2018 63

              Financial Section > Business Overview (At a Glance)
 Business Overview(FY2017)
At a Glance*The Company has applied the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) beginning in fiscal year 2017.
Sales revenue
CreCdriet daintdand FinaFnincaenBceusBinuessinsess OthOetrher
1.31%.3% 18.138%.3%
Operating profit
CreCdriet daintdand FinaFnincaenBceusBinuessinsess 5.55%.5%
OthOetrher 8.68%.6%
¥4¥94.95.5 DepDaerptmaretmntent billiobnillion StoSretore
       ReaRleEasltaEtsetate ReaRleEasltaEtsetate BusBinuessinsess
 BusBinuessinsess 2.72%.7%
¥4¥6496.9.9 DepDaerptmaretmntent billiobnillion StoSretore
8.38%.3%
ParPcaorco BusBinuessinsess 19.149%.4%
(IF(RSIF)RS)
BusBinuessinsess 58.538%.3%
(IF(RSIF)RS)
BusBinuessinsess 53.583%.8%
ParPcaorco BusBinuessinsess 23.273%.7%
   %
Consolidated ROA
4.9
%
Consolidated operating margin
10.5
%
   ¥
EPS
108.92
Consolidated dividend payout ratio
32.1
%
Equity ratio
38.7
%
 Illustration Comparison between JGAAP and IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards)
 JGAAP (consolidated)
Greatly decrease because sales of the Department Store Business from purchase recorded at the time of sales (shoka shiire), tenant sales of the Parco Business and sales of Daimaru Kogyo from shoka shiire are presented net.
Point expenses included in SGA of the Department Store Business are deducted from sales.
Actuarial differences in goodwill and retirement benefits are not amortized.
Gain on sales of non-current assets, miscellaneous income, loss on disposal of non-current assets, miscellaneous expenses, etc.
Interest income, dividend income, interest expenses, etc.
There is no "ordinary profit" under IFRS.
Corresponds to profit under JGAAP and is used in the numerator of ROE
   Sales (gross)
Cost of sales
IFRS (consolidated)
 Sales revenue
 Sales [net + sales from purchase on a no return basis (kaitori)]
 △Point expenses
    Gross profit
Cost of sales
Gross profit
    SGA
Point expenses
SGA
△Amortization of goodwill
 Operating profit
△Amortization of retirement benefit plans
  Non-operating income/expenses
   Financial income/loss
Other operating income/expense
    Share of profit/loss of equity method entities
Operating profit
  Ordinary profit
  Extraordinary gain/loss
Financial income/loss
  Profit attributable to parent company
Share of profit/loss of equity method entities
 Profit attributable to parent company
  64
Consolidated ROE
7.5

 Sales revenue and operating profit
● The percentage of total sales revenue represents the ratio of sales revenue to external customers after eliminating intersegment transactions.
  ● Sales revenue and operating profit include intersegment transactions.
 Percentage of total sales revenue
58.3% Percentage of total sales revenue
19.4% Percentage of total sales revenue
2.7%
Percentage of total sales revenue
1.3%
Percentage of total sales revenue
18.3%
Sales revenue (Millions of yen)
Operating profit (Millions of yen)
Percentage of total operating profit
53.8% Percentage of total
operating profit
23.7% Percentage of total
operating profit
  Department Store Business
Parco Business
Real Estate Business
Credit and Finance Business
Other
268,233
FY2016 (IFRS)
274,308
FY2017 (IFRS)
22,224
FY2016 (IFRS)
26,659
FY2017 (IFRS)
      Sales revenue (Millions of yen)
Operating profit (Millions of yen)
 93,780
FY2016 (IFRS)
91,621
FY2017 (IFRS)
13,021
11,752
        Sales revenue (Millions of yen)
13,427 5,004
FY2016
(IFRS) (IFRS)
FY2016 FY2017 (IFRS) (IFRS)
Operating profit (Millions of yen)
4,131
348
FY2016 FY2017 8.3% (IFRS) (IFRS)
      FY2017 Sales revenue (Millions of yen)
Operating profit (Millions of yen)
Percentage of total operating profit
   9,847
10,176
2,856
2,742
      FY2016
(IFRS) (IFRS)
FY2016 FY2017 5.5% (IFRS) (IFRS)
FY2017 Sales revenue (Millions of yen)
Operating profit (Millions of yen)
Percentage of total operating profit
  114,584
FY2016 (IFRS)
117,845
FY2017 (IFRS)
4,744
    2,981
FY2016 (IFRS)
FY2017 8.6% (IFRS)
   *Beginning in fiscal year 2017, the Group has designated the “Department Store Business,” “Parco Business,” “Real Estate Business” and “Credit and Finance Business” as reportable segments to highlight its focus on the Real Estate Business. The Wholesale Business has been included in “Other.”
*The percentage of total operating profit of “Other” includes adjustments.
Integrated Report 2018 65
Financial Section

J. Front Retailing Group > Group Companies
 Group Companies
Department Store Business / Real Estate Business Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores Co. Ltd.
Location: 18-11, Kiba 2-chome, Koto-ku, Tokyo 135-0042 Capital: ¥10,000 million Investment ratio: 100% http://www.daimaru-matsuzakaya.com
Daimaru Osaka Shinsaibashi Store
Location: 7-1, Shinsaibashisuji 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka 542-8501 Phone: +81-6-6271-1231 Opened (Present location): November 1726
Daimaru Osaka Umeda Store
Location: 1-1, Umeda 3-chome, Kita-ku, Osaka 530-8202 Phone: +81-6-6343-1231 Opened: April 1983
Daimaru Tokyo Store
Location: 9-1, Marunouchi 1-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-6701 Phone: +81-3-3212-8011 Opened: October 1954
Daimaru Kyoto Store
Location: 79, Tachiuri Nishimachi, Shijo-dori Takakura Nishi-iru, Shimogyo-ku, Kyoto 600-8511
Phone: +81-75-211-8111 Opened (Present location): October 1912
Daimaru Kobe Store
Location: 40, Akashimachi, Chuo-ku, Kobe, Hyogo 650-0037 Phone: +81-78-331-8121 Opened (Present location): April 1927
Daimaru Sapporo Store
Location: 7, Nishi 4-chome, Kita 5-jo, Chuo-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido 060-0005 Phone: +81-11-828-1111 Opened: March 2003
Matsuzakaya Nagoya Store
Location: 16-1, Sakae 3-chome, Naka-ku, Nagoya, Aichi 460-8430 Phone: +81-52-251-1111 Opened: March 1910
Matsuzakaya Ueno Store
Location: 29-5, Ueno 3-chome, Taito-ku, Tokyo 110-8503 Phone: +81-3-3832-1111 Opened: April 1768
The Hakata Daimaru, Inc.
Location: 4-1, Tenjin 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Fukuoka 810-8717
Phone: +81-92-712-8181 Capital: ¥3,037 million Investment ratio: 69.9% http://www.daimaru.co.jp/fukuoka/index.html
The Shimonoseki Daimaru, Inc.
Location: 4-10, Takezaki-cho 4-chome, Shimonoseki, Yamaguchi 750-8503 Phone: +81-83-232-1111 Capital: ¥480 million Investment ratio: 100% http://shimonoseki.daimaru.co.jp/
Parco Business
Parco Co., Ltd. (Shopping complex business)
Location: Shibuya First Place Bldg., 8-16, Shinsen-cho, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-0045 Phone: +81-3-3477-5710 Capital: ¥34,367 million Investment ratio: 64.9%
PARCO(Singapore)Pte Ltd (Shopping complex business)
Location: 10 Anson Road #09-05/06 International Plaza Singapore 079903 Phone: +65-6595-9100 Capital: S$4.5 million Investment ratio: 64.9%
Neuve A Co., Ltd. (Retail business)
Location: Shibuya First Place Bldg., 8-16, Shinsen-cho, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-0045 Phone: +81-3-5428-2600 Capital: ¥490 million Investment ratio: 64.9%
Daimaru Yamashina Store
Location: 91, Takehana Takenokaido-cho, Yamashina-ku, Kyoto 607-8080 Phone: +81-75-255-7365 Opened: October 1998
Daimaru Suma Store
Location: 2-4, Nakaochiai 2-chome, Suma-ku, Kobe, Hyogo 654-0154 Phone: +81-78-791-3111 Opened: March 1980
Daimaru Ashiya Store
Location: 1-31, Funato-cho, Ashiya, Hyogo 659-0093 Phone: +81-797-34-2111 Opened: October 1980
Matsuzakaya Shizuoka Store
Location: 10-2, Miyuki-cho, Aoi-ku, Shizuoka 420-8560 Phone: +81-54-254-1111 Opened: November 1932
Matsuzakaya Takatsuki Store
Location: 2-1, Konyamachi, Takatsuki, Osaka 569-8522 Phone: +81-72-682-1111 Opened: November 1979
Matsuzakaya Toyota Store
Location: 85-1, Nishimachi 6-chome, Toyota, Aichi 471-8560 Phone: +81-565-37-1111 Opened: October 2001
Real Estate Division
Location: 18-11, Kiba 2-chome, Koto-ku, Tokyo 135-0042 Phone: +81-3-6860-1141
Corporate Sales Division
Location: 6th Fl., Kuromon Annex, Matsuzakaya Ueno Store, 18-6, Ueno 3-chome, Taito-ku, Tokyo 110-0005
Phone: +81-3-5846-1431
Kochi Daimaru Co., Ltd.
Location: 6-1, Obiyamachi 1-chome, Kochi 780-8566
Phone: +81-88-822-5111 Capital: ¥300 million Investment ratio: 100% http://www.kochi-daimaru.co.jp/
Parco Space Systems Co., Ltd. (Space engineering and management business)
Location: Shibuya First Place Bldg., 8-16, Shinsen-cho, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-0045 Phone: +81-3-5459-6811 Capital: ¥490 million Investment ratio: 64.9%
Parco Digital Marketing Co., Ltd. (Internet-related business)
Location: Shibuya First Place Bldg., 8-16, Shinsen-cho, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-0045 Phone: +81-3-3477-8910 Capital: ¥10 million Investment ratio: 64.9%
    66

 Credit and Finance Business JFR Card Co., Ltd.
Location: 2-1, Konyamachi, Takatsuki, Osaka 569-8522
Phone: +81-72-686-0108 Capital: ¥100 million Investment ratio: 100% http://www.jfr-card.co.jp/
Other
Daimaru Kogyo, Ltd. (Wholesale business)
Location: Yushutsu Seni Kaikan, 4-9, Bingomachi 3-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka 541-0051
Phone: +81-6-6205-1000 Capital: ¥1,800 million Investment ratio: 100% http://www.daimarukogyo.co.jp/
Daimaru Kogyo International Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (Wholesale business)
Location: 6th Fl., Heng Seng Bank Tower, 1000 Lujiazui Ring Rd., Pudong New Area, Shanghai, China
Phone: +86-21-6841-3588 Capital: U.S.$2 million Investment ratio: 100%
Daimaru Kogyo (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (Wholesale business)
Location: Unit 1902, 19th Fl., Sathorn Square Office Building, 98 North Sathorn, Kwaeng Silom, Khet Bangrak, Bangkok 10500, Thailand
Phone: +66-2163-2903
Capital: THB202 million Investment ratio: 100%
Taiwan Daimaru Kogyo, Ltd. (Wholesale business)
Location: Room 709, No. 142, Sec. 3, Ming Chuan East Road, Taipei 10542, Taiwan, R.O.C.
Phone: +886-2-2718-7215
Capital: NT$60 million Investment ratio: 100%
J. Front Design & Construction Co., Ltd.
(Design and construction contracting and manufacture and sale of furniture)
Location: 36-20, Higashinippori 4-chome, Arakawa-ku, Tokyo 116-0014 Phone: +81-3-5850-4700
Location: 2nd Fl., Nomura Fudosan Osaka Bldg., 8-15,
Azuchimachi 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka 541-0052 Phone: +81-6-4705-6200
Capital: ¥100 million Investment ratio: 100% http://www.jfdc.co.jp/
Dimples’Co., Ltd. (Staffing service)
Location: 22nd Fl., Osaka Ekimae 4th Bldg., 11-4, Umeda 1-chome, Kita-ku, Osaka 530-0001
Phone: +81-6-6344-0312 Capital: ¥90 million Investment ratio: 100% http://www.dimples.co.jp/
J. Front Foods Co., Ltd. (Restaurant)
Location: 101, Louis Chatelet Nakanoshima, 3-92, Nakanoshima 5-chome, Kita-ku, Osaka 530-0005
Phone: +81-6-7220-0290 Capital: ¥100 million Investment ratio: 100% http://www.j-frontfoods.co.jp/
Consumer Product End-Use Research Institute Co., Ltd.
(Merchandise test and quality control)
Location: 20th & 21st Fls., Edobori Center Bldg., 1-1, Edobori 2-chome, Nishi-ku, Osaka 550-0002
Phone: +81-6-6445-4670
Location: 5th Fl., Matsuzakaya Ryutsu Center, 36-20,
Higashinippori 4-chome, Arakawa-ku, Tokyo 116-0014 Phone: +81-3-5615-5390
Location: 10th Fl., Matsuzakaya Park Place, 2-36, Sakae 5-chome, Naka-ku, Nagoya, Aichi 460-0008
Phone: +81-52-261-2030
Capital: ¥450 million Investment ratio: 100% http://www.shoukaken.jp/
Angel Park Co., Ltd. (Parking)
Location: 16-10, Sakae 3-chome, Naka-ku, Nagoya, Aichi 460-0008 Phone:+81-52-261-5746 Capital: ¥400 million Investment ratio: 50.2% http://www.angelpark.co.jp/
JFR Service Co. Ltd.
(Commissioned back-office service / leasing / parking management)
Location: 2-1, Konyamachi, Takatsuki, Osaka 569-8522 Phone: +81-72-681-7245 Capital: ¥100 million Investment ratio: 100%
JFR Information Center Co., Ltd. (Information service)
Location: 3-24, Osaka 1-chome, Tennoji-ku, Osaka 543-0062 Phone: +81-6-6775-3700 Capital: ¥10 million Investment ratio: 100% http://www.jfr-ic.jp/
Daimaru Matsuzakaya Sales Associates Co. Ltd.
(Commissioned sales and store operations)
Location: 2-1, Konyamachi, Takatsuki, Osaka 569-8522 Phone:+81-72-684-8145 Capital: ¥90 million Investment ratio: 100%
Daimaru Matsuzakaya Tomonokai Co., Ltd.
(Specified prepaid transaction service)
Location: 2-1, Konyamachi, Takatsuki, Osaka 569-8522 Phone: +81-72-684-8101 Capital: ¥100 million Investment ratio: 100% http://www.dmtomonokai.co.jp/
    Integrated Report 2018 67
J. Front Retailing Group

J. Front Retailing Group > Stores (Map)
  Daimaru, Matsuzakaya and Parco Cover Major Big Cities across Japan
J. Front Retailing Group operates stores in major cities across Japan, from Hokkaido in the north to Kumamoto, Kyushu in the south.
The Department Store Business operates 17 “Daimaru” and “Matsuzakaya” stores. The Parco Business operates 18 “Parco” shopping complexes*.
We also operate “Ginza Six” and nine “Zero Gate” stores in a new business format which develops urban-style low- to medium-rise shopping complexes.
The Group will make the best use of the well-balanced network of store assets
in major cities throughout Japan and accelerate new store opening and development strategies for further growth.
*Including Shibuya Parco, which is temporarily closed for rebuilding
Sapporo Parco
Daimaru Sapporo
Sapporo Zero Gate
   ● Daimaru
● Matsuzakaya ● Parco
● Zero Gate
(As of May 31, 2018)
Matsumoto Parco
Shizuoka Parco
Sendai Parco
  Hiroshima
Zero Gate Hiroshima
Zero Gate 2 Fukuoka Parco
Hakata Daimaru Fukuoka Tenjin
Kumamoto Parco
Matsuzakaya Nagoya
Kansai area
Hiroshima Parco
Kochi Daimaru Shimonoseki Daimaru
Nagoya Zero Gate
Kanto area
Matsuzakaya Shizuoka
        Nagoya Parco
 68
Matsuzakaya Toyota

  Kanto area
Ginza Six (Opened in April 2017)
  Utsunomiya Shintokorozawa Urawa Parco Parco
Parco Hibarigaoka Parco
Ikebukuro Parco
Tsudanuma
Matsuzakaya Ueno Parco Ueno Frontier Tower Parco_ya
 Kichijoji Parco Daimaru Tokyo Ginza Six
   Chofu Parco
Pedi Shiodome
Shibuya Parco
Scheduled to open in Harajuku fall 2019 after rebuilding
Zero Gate
Shibuya Zero Gate
 Ueno Frontier Tower / Parco_ya (Opened in November 2017)
  Kansai area
  Daimaru Ashiya Daimaru Kobe
Daimaru Suma
Shinsaibashi Zero Gate
Dotonbori Zero Gate
Daimaru Yamashina
Daimaru Kyoto Kyoto Zero Gate
Matsuzakaya Takatsuki Daimaru Osaka Umeda
 Daimaru Osaka Shinsaibashi
Main building will open in fall 2019 after rebuilding.
Rendering of Udagawa-cho 15 Devolopment including Shibuya Parco (Scheduled to open in fall 2019 after rebuilding)
  Rendering of main building of Daimaru Shinsaibashi store (Main building will open in fall 2019 after rebuilding.)
Integrated Report 2018 69
J. Front Retailing Group

J. Front Retailing Group > Stores (Photos)
Daimaru and Matsuzakaya Stores
       Daimaru Osaka Shinsaibashi (Floor space: 46,490m²) *The new main building is scheduled to open in fall 2019.
Daimaru Osaka Umeda (Floor space: 64,000m²)
Daimaru Tokyo (Floor space: 46,000m²)
Matsuzakaya Nagoya (Floor space: 86,758m²)
Matsuzakaya Ueno (Floor space: 21,759m²)
Overseas Offices and Company
Paris Representative Office
21 rue Auber, 75009 Paris, France Phone : +33-1-4574-2151
Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores (Shanghai) Consulting Co., Ltd.
Huaxin Haixin Building 13F Rm-B1, 666 Fuzhou Rd, Shanghai 200001, China Phone : +86-21-6248-1538
Daimaru Yamashina (Floor space: 5,403m²)
Daimaru Suma (Floor space: 13,076m²)
Daimaru Ashiya (Floor space: 4,300m²)
Shimonoseki Daimaru (Floor space: 23,912m²)
Kochi Daimaru (Floor space: 16,068m²)
Hakata Daimaru Fukuoka Tenjin (Floor space: 44,192m²)
Daimaru Kyoto (Floor space: 50,830m²)
Daimaru Kobe (Floor space: 50,656m²)
Daimaru Sapporo (Floor space: 45,000m²)
         Matsuzakaya Takatsuki (Floor space: 17,387m²)
Matsuzakaya Shizuoka (Floor space: 25,452m²)
Matsuzakaya Toyota (Floor space: 18,220m²)
Ginza Six (Floor space: 47,000m²)
     70
As of September 1, 2018
Milan Representative Office
Conservatorio 22 Business Center, Via Conservatorio 22, 20122 Milan, Italy Phone : +39-02-77291

Parco Stores
Parco urban complexes
        Sapporo Parco
3-3, Minami 1-jo Nishi, Chuo-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido
B2F-8F
Opened: August 24, 1975 sapporo.parco.jp
Shizuoka Parco
6-7, Koyamachi, Aoi-ku, Shizuoka B1F-8F
Opened: March 15, 2007 shizuoka.parco.jp
New Shibuya Parco Udagawa-cho 15 and part of Udagawa-cho 14, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo B3F-19F
Scheduled to open in fall 2019 Club Quattro
32-13, Udagawa-cho, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 4F-5F
Opened: June 28, 1988 club-quattro.com
Nagoya Parco
3-29-1, Sakae, Naka-ku, Nagoya, Aichi West Building: B1F-11F
East Building: B1F-8F
Opened: June 29, 1989
South Building: B1F-10F
Opened: November 6, 1998 Parco midi: 1F-3F
Opened: March 27, 2015 nagoya.parco.jp
Sendai Parco
1-2-3, Chuo, Aoba-ku, Sendai, Miyagi Main Building: B1F-9F
Opened: August 23, 2008
Parco 2: 1F-9F
3-7-5, Chuo, Aoba-ku, Sendai, Miyagi Opened: July 1, 2016 sendai.parco.jp
Hiroshima Parco
10-1, Hondori, Naka-ku, Hiroshima Main Building: B1F-10F
Opened: April 9, 1994
New Building: B1F-9F
Opened: September 21, 2001 hiroshima.parco.jp
Urawa Parco
11-1, Higashitakasago-cho, Urawa-ku, Saitama B1F-7F
Opened: October 10, 2007 urawa.parco.jp
Kumamoto Parco
5-1, Tetorihoncho, Chuo-ku, Kumamoto B1F-9F
Opened: May 2, 1986 kumamoto.parco.jp
Parco_ya
3-24-6, Ueno, Taito-ku, Tokyo 1F-6F
Opened: November 4, 2017 parcoya-ueno.parco.jp
Fukuoka Parco
2-11-1, Tenjin, Chuo-ku, Fukuoka Main Building: B1F-8F
Opened: March 19, 2010
New Building: B2F-6F
Opened: November 13, 2014 fukuoka.parco.jp
Chofu Parco
1-38-1, Kojima-cho, Chofu, Tokyo B1F-10F
Opened: May 25, 1989 chofu.parco.jp
Hibarigaoka Parco
1-1-1, Hibarigaoka, Nishitokyo, Tokyo B1F-5F
Opened: October 8, 1993 hibarigaoka.parco.jp
Ikebukuro Parco
1-28-2, Minami-Ikebukuro, Toshima-ku, Tokyo
Main Building: B2F-8F Opened: November 23, 1969 P’Parco: B2F-8F
Opened: March 10, 1994 ikebukuro.parco.jp
    Parco community complexes
       Utsunomiya Parco
3-1-1, Baba-dori, Utsunomiya, Tochigi B1F-10F
Opened: March 20, 1997 utsunomiya.parco.jp
Matsumoto Parco
1-10-30, Chuo, Matsumoto, Nagano B1F-6F
Opened: August 23, 1984 matsumoto.parco.jp
Zero Gate
Sapporo Zero Gate
3-15-1, Minami 2-jo Nishi, Chuo-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido B2F, 1F-4F
Opened: February 26, 2016
Hiroshima Zero Gate
2-7, Shintenchi, Naka-ku, Hiroshima 1F-3F
Opened: October 10, 2013
Other store
Pedi Shiodome
Kichijoji Parco
1-5-1, Kichijojihoncho, Musashino, Tokyo B2F-8F
Opened: September 21, 1980 kichijoji.parco.jp
Tsudanuma Parco
2-18-1, Maebaranishi, Funabashi, Chiba Building A: B1F-6F
Building B: B1F-6F
Opened: July 1, 1977 tsudanuma.parco.jp
Shinsaibashi Zero Gate
1-9-1, Shinsaibashisuji, Chuo-ku, Osaka B2F-4F
Opened: April 13, 2013
Hiroshima Zero Gate 2
9-4, Hondori, Naka-ku, Hiroshima 1F-3F
Opened: September 10, 2016
Shintokorozawa Parco
1-2-1, Midori-cho, Tokorozawa, Saitama Parco: B1F-5F
Let’s: B1F-4F
Opened: June 23,1983 shintokorozawa.parco.jp
      Shibuya Zero Gate
16-9, Udagawa-cho, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo B1F-4F
Opened: April 16, 2011
Nagoya Zero Gate
3-28-11, Sakae, Nagoya, Aichi 1F-3F
Opened: October 10, 2014
Dotonbori Zero Gate
1-8-22, Dotonbori, Chuo-ku, Osaka 1F-3F
Opened: April 20, 2013
Kyoto Zero Gate
83-1, Tachiuri Nakanocho, Shijo-dori Takakura Higashi-iru, Shimogyo-ku, Kyoto B2F-7F
Partially opened: November 2017
Harajuku Zero Gate
4-31-12, Jingumae, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 1F-4F
Opened: March 17, 2018
  1-9-1, Higashishinbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo B2F-B1F, 2F Opened: February 16, 2005 www.pedi-s.com
Integrated Report 2018 71
J. Front Retailing Group

J. Front Retailing Group > Share Information
 Share Information
Status of Shares (As of February 28, 2018)
Number of shares authorized:1,000,000,000 shares Number of shares issued:270,565,764 shares Stock code:3086
Stock exchange listings:Tokyo and Nagoya
Transfer agen:t Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation Number of shareholders:100,931
    Major shareholders
  Number of shares held (1,000 shares)
  Shareholding ratio (%)
  1 The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
2 Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
3 Nippon Life Insurance Company
4 J. Front Retailing Kyoei Supplier Shareholding Association
5 The Dai-ichi Mutual Life Insurance Company
6 MUFG Bank, Ltd.
7 Trust & Custody Services, Ltd. (Investment Trust Collateral Account)
8 Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 9)
9 Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
10 State Street Bank West Client - Treaty 505234
19,743 7.47
14,727 5.57
7,862 2.97
6,273 2.37
5,732 2.17
5,624 2.13
5,286 2.00
4,870 1.84
4,494 1.70
4,228 1.60
           Distribution by shareholder type
  Number of shareholders (People)
  Number of shares (1,000 shares)
  Ratio (%)
  Government and local public entities
■ Financial institutions
■ Financial instruments firms
■ Other companies
■ Foreign companies
■ Individuals and others
■ Treasury stock
Treasury stock 6,581,000 shares 2.43%
Individuals and others 68,633,000 shares 25.37%
Foreign companies 56,522,000 shares 20.89%
Note: Shareholding ratio is calculated by deducting treasury stock (6,581,000 shares).
The said treasury stock does not include the Company's shares held by the BIP Trust.
ー ー ー
78 108,895 40.24
41 10,961 4.05
838 18,970 7.01
560 56,522 20.89
99,413 68,633 25.37
1 6,581 2.43
         Financial
institutions 108,895,000 shares 40.24%
 Financial instruments firms 10,961,000 shares
4.05%
Other companies 18,970,000 shares 7.01%
     72

 
    