Sustainability > Activity Report – Coexistence with Local Communities and Contribution to Society
 SUSTAINABLE CITIES PARTNERSHIP ANDCOMMUNITIES FOR THE GOALS
With Local Communities, with Customers
As a corporate citizen, J. Front Retailing uses the resources of the companies in the Group and implements initiatives through business activities to contribute to revitalizing local communities and resolving various social issues.
   1 Contribution to revitalizing local communities
Our Urban Dominant Strategy is a“business model for growing with local communities” by enhancing the appeal of the whole area with the stores at its core. Implementing the strategy helps attract more customers to the area and contribute to the area.
*For Ginza Six and Ueno Frontier Tower, please see pages 26 and 27.
● Shop development around the Daimaru Kobe store The Daimaru Kobe store
has developed shops around it since 1987, about 30 years ago. Cutting-edge fashion brands are invited to open their boutiques in exotic buildings in Motomachi, Kobe, which historically developed as a foreign settlement, to attract more
customers to the
area. Currently
approximately
60 shops operate
around the store
and the area
combining
shopping and
sightseeing
attracts customers from a wider area. The store organizes events using the appeal of the Former Foreign Settlement on a regular basis. In March 2017, Vogue’s shopping event“Vogue Fashion’s Night Out”was held. It was the first time in the world that the event was held in spring.
● Kyoto Machiya project
In 2016, Daimaru opened the“Daimaru Kyoto Store
Gion Machiya”as a special project celebrating the 300th anniversary of its foundation. In Gion, which has a taste of the old capital, we revived a dilapidated machiya (a Japanese traditional townhouse) and operate a luxury
brand boutique that matches Kyoto, which combines “tradition”and“innovativeness”(Hermes from November
2016 to July 2017
and Hublot from
August 2017). By
preserving and using
the machiya, we
inherit historical
value and contribute
to revitalizing the
area. And we are well received by people in Japan and abroad as well as residents in Kyoto.
● Proposal for local production for local consumption
 Daimaru Kyoto Store Gion Machiya (Hublot Boutique Kyoto)
  “Local production
for local consumption”
helps revitalize the local
economy. It also helps
reduce environmental
load because CO2
emissions from transportation and refrigeration decrease due to short transportation distance. Each of the Daimaru and Matsuzakaya stores organizes events to provide a wide range of products including food, clothing and crafts and expand their sales.
With the aim of taking away some of the worries and inconveniences that accompany early childhood parenting, we launched the operation of unlicensed infant child care facilities that provide both enhanced early-childhood education and extended-hour child care. We will operate the facilities under franchise in collaboration with Tact
Kodomomirai Co., Ltd.,
a group company of
Yaruki Switch Group
Holdings Co., Ltd., to
provide a curriculum
Event to recommend the products produced in Yamaguchi (Shimonoseki Daimaru)
      44
Map around Daimaru Kobe store
JR Motomachi Station Daimaru Kobe
BLOCK47 Former Foreign
A.P.C.
kate spade trippen
Daimaru
Annex
GENIUS GALLERY
BLOCK32 NTT Nishinihon Shin-Kobe Bldg.
BLOCK31 BLOCK30 Prada Rolex BURBERRY
Miu Miu Valentino
Settlement Bldg. 38 STRASBURGO
BLOCK44
DIESEL
 Dior
Hervé Chapelier Lloyd's
Antiques Fred Segal
2 Contribution to resolving the issues of the child-raising generation
 including not only“intellectual training”but also“physical exercise”and“English.”The first facility named“Daimaru Matsuzakaya Kids Duo International Aobadai”will open in Aoba-ku, Yokohama in April 2019.
● Operation of Customer Service Office At the“Consultation
Corners for Consumers”
of the Daimaru and
Matsuzakaya stores,
consultants certified
as advisory specialists
for consumers’affairs
accept comments from customers regarding product quality. Comments from customers are sent to Consumer Product End-Use Research Institute online for scientific quality inspection. Consultants inform customers of the results. These test results are also provided to relevant stores and manufacturers to prevent recurrence and improve quality.
● “Consumer Product End-Use Research Institute” as a quality professional in the retail industry
Consumer Product End-Use Research Institute (the “Institute”) operates in Osaka, Tokyo and Nagoya. Its operations include tests to identify product performance and the causes of complaints, the verification of product labels and expressions in sales promotion media under relevant laws and regulations, and consulting, trainings
and seminars concerning product control in general.
For the companies in the Group, the Institute conducts various tests to ensure the safety of products in use including quality tests of various products for sale, load bearing tests of wrapping paper and shopping bags and color fastness tests, as well as pre-sale tests, product label checks at stores and hygiene inspections of food
floors and restaurants.
● Creation of safe and secure store environment At department stores and other stores and offices, we organize self-defense fighting teams and conduct emergency drills and BCP trainings* in preparation for earthquakes and fires. We also promote the improvement of systems by introducing an earthquake early warning alert system, a safety confirmation system for all employees and satellite-based mobile phones. Self- defense firefighting teams at stores carry out drills on a regular basis with the participation of all workers including people from suppliers to ensure that we can take prompt and appropriate actions including firefighting, evacuation guidance for customers and information collection. AED (automatic external defibrillator) units
are installed mainly in department stores and we continuously train employees in their use.
*BCP: A plan that allows an organization to continue to operate or restore business early in the event of disaster
4 Social contribution activities with customers
J. Front Retailing continuously conducts social contribution activities with customers through business activities.
The unnecessary PET bottle caps collected mainly in the Daimaru and Matsuzakaya stores are recycled through the nonprofit organization“Re Lifestyle”and we donate the full amount paid for them to the authorized nonprofit organization“Japan Committee Vaccines for the World’s Children”to fund vaccines for children around the world. Since we started this initiative in December 2009, the total amount donated through the collection of caps and other activities reached the equivalent of polio vaccines for 260,000 children in May 2018. Our other charity support activities include the
“Pink Ribbon Campaign”and“Blue Clover Campaign” that promote early diagnosis, detection and treatment of breast cancer and prostate cancer, respectively, the
“Table for Two”program that helps provide school meals for children in developing countries and support for people in the areas
affected by the
Great East Japan Earthquake, the Kumamoto Earthquake and other disasters.
Blue Clover Campaign
Major charity support in FY2017 (Daimaru Matsuzakaya Department Stores)
(Unit: ¥1,000)
Supported the rehabilitation assistance
project by announcing online, wearing
awareness badges, putting stickers on 114 cars and donating the full amount raised
in stores and employee facilities
Donated a portion of the proceeds from
the sale of the“charity pins celebrating
the 10th anniversary of Sakura Panda’s 1,699 birth”under the intent of support for Tohoku“Smile for Japan”
Donated the money raised through the
Love 49 campaign and a portion of the
proceeds from the sale of original eco 288 bags, etc. to support cervical cancer
prevention awareness activities
Donated a portion of the proceeds from
the sale of original pins, heart bread,
beverages from Pink Ribbon vending 1,081 machines, etc. to support bread cancer
prevention awareness activities
Donated a portion of the proceeds from
the sale of the“charity pins celebrating the 992 10th anniversary of Sakura Panda’s birth”
Donated a portion of the proceeds from
the sale of healthy meals to help provide 311 school meals in developing countries
    3 Contribution to the safety and security of customers
  RecipientDescriptionAmount donatedJapanese Red Cross
Society
“We will never forget.
- Project for the future”
 Scholarship funds
to support children affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake
Authorized NPO Orange Clover
Local Pink Ribbon support groups
Kumamoto Earthquake Relief Fund
Authorized NPO Table for Two International
Authorized NPO Japan Committee Vaccines for the World’s Children
Donated the full amount received at the auction of Rob Ryan’s original drawings of Christmas promotion charity program
“Baton Relay for the Future”and raised in conjunction with posting with hashtags and the view counts of special videos
1,126
      Integrated Report 2018 45