The Takara Group Environmental Policy
Since the Takara Group sees harmonizing our business activities with global environmental preservation as one of our key challenges, we have established an environmental management system. We are continually striving to improve this system and contribute to building a sustainable society.
1. We comply with laws and regulations related to the environment, in addition to other requirements that we have agreed to.
2. In the course of the Takara Group’s business activities, we place particular emphasis on the following items.
(1) We strive to prevent environmental pollution.
(2) We strive to promote energy and resource conservation, and try to use sustainable resources.
(3) We strive to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and mitigate climate change.
(4) We support and promote activities related to biodiversity and ecosystem protection and preservation.
(5) We strive for environmentally conscious product development, including promoting the 3Rs for containers and packaging.
3. We actively disclose information on our environmental initiatives and environmental performance, while striving to communicate with society.
4. While using education and awareness programs to convey this Environmental Policy to all members of the Takara Group, we also energetically support employees’ participation in social contribution activities.

Limiting Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Climate change, resulting from global warming, is a critical social problem that the entire world needs to cooperate in acting against. Furthermore, since climate change has the potential to become a risk to the continuity of our Group’s business, we are striving to limit the greenhouse gas emissions that accompany our activities.
Reducing CO2 from production processes
The Takara Group’s total CO2 emissions in production processes for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 was 113,300 t-CO2, a 0.9% year-on-year reduction.
Additionally, CO2 emissions for Takara Shuzo’s production processes, which comprise more than 80% of the entire Group’s CO2 emissions, were 94,000 t-CO2 for the same period, a slight reduction (0.3%) year on year. The main reasons for this were on-going efforts that included upgrading to high-efficiency gas boilers, installing LED lighting, and other energy-saving equipment, in addition to optimizing distillation conditions in alcohol refining processes.

Reducing CO2 from transportation processes
At Takara Shuzo, we are promoting high-efficiency transportation, energy-saving vehicle operations, modal shifts,* improving loading efficiency for products shipped by truck, and other measures to reduce CO2 emissions during product transportation.
While we reduced the intensity of emissions from transportation for the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2019,
there was a large effect from the unit increase in sales volume and overall CO2 increased 3.0% year on year.

Limiting Water Usage
 For the Takara Group, water is of course a raw ingredient for alcoholic beverages and seasonings, while it is also an indispensable resource for cleaning our manufacturing equipment and containers, and for keeping our products cool. The sustainable use of water resources is a crucial theme in the continuity of our Group’s business. Focusing on each of our production bases, we are striving to reuse water, conserve water, and reduce the volume of water used.
Limiting water usage
The Takara Group’s total water usage in production processes for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 was 7.33 million m3, a 2.9% year-on-year increase. The primary cause of the increase was a rise in production at Takara Sake USA Inc. and The Tomatin Distillery Co., Ltd. At the same time, Takara Shuzo’s water usage, which comprises approximately 80% of the entire Group’s usage, remained nearly flat year on year, at 5.85 million m3.

Limiting Waste Production
In recent years, there have been vociferous statements noting the importance of resource conservation and recycling, including the problem of food waste. In the Takara Group, we recognize that the creation and continuation of a recycling-oriented, sustainable society is a critical issue. While striving to reduce waste generated in our business activities, we are advancing our own initiatives to address the problem of used containers.
Reducing plant waste volume
In Takara Shuzo plants, waste products generated include by-products such as shochu lees and the like, as well as wastewater treatment sludge, and shipping materials for raw ingredients, containers, etc. As a result, we are working to repurpose food-based by-products (such as shochu lees) into feed and fertilizer, while also striving to reduce the volume of waste our plants generate.
The volume of waste products produced by Takara Shuzo
decreased 16.8% year on year, to 4,377 tons, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019. The primary reason was a decrease, related to equipment capacity in the previous year, in shochu lees incinerated (rather than recycled).

Initiatives for handling the issue of used containers
In Japan, approximately 60% of standard household garbage (based on volume) is containers and packaging. In order to address this problem, Takara Shuzo is promoting materials procurement and product development emphasizing the 3Rs (reduce, reuse, recycle).
Furthermore, an independent initiative of Takara Shuzo is the effort to sell shochu by weight. Shochu is put into specialized tanks at our plants, then sent directly to retail stores, where customers bring plastic PET bottles, etc. from home and fill the exact amount they need from the specialized tanks when making a purchase. Since this allows customers to buy only the volume they need without purchasing a container, it translates to resource conservation and less garbage. From 1998, when these efforts started, to the end of March 2019, we have been able to conserve the equivalent of approximately 9.3 million 2.7-liter PET bottles.

Preserving Biodiversity
Since the Takara Group’s business involves a variety of activities that benefit from the bounty of nature, the continuity of these activities is undeniably predicated upon
 preserving our rich natural environment and biodiversity. In the Takara Group, we are striving to protect
biodiversity and other natural assets for future generations by providing assistance through a public trust fund and offering environmental education programs for children.
Assistance for activities and research protecting ecosystems and biodiversity
Takara Holdings established the Takara Harmonist Fund in 1985 and, since that time, has carried out annual activities for protecting Japan’s forests, grasslands, and aquatic environments, in addition to offering assistance for research and other efforts toward safeguarding the wildlife in these habitats. The selection of recipients of assistance is carried out by a steering committee comprised of experts specialized in the natural sciences.
In fiscal 2019, 11 recipients were chosen from many applicants across Japan. These included groups engaged in activities and research for environmental preservation, such as the group dedicated to protecting the Mt. Ono everes lacturnus (a species of butterfly). Since the first round of the program, a cumulative total of 169,868,000 yen has been granted to 355 recipients.
The Takara Shuzo Farm School for educating children
In order to teach the importance of protecting the natural environment and its biodiversity (environmental education) to the children who will lead our future generations, while also conveying gratitude for the bounty of nature (dietary education), Takara Shuzo offers a Farm School.
Elementary school children and their families are invited to four classes approximately half a year, from May to December, at a field in Sonobe-cho, Nantan city, Kyoto and at a cooking school in Kyoto city. In the classes, participants get to experience farming rice, observing nature, and cooking food. By having students prepare dishes using Hon mirin in the cooking classes, we give them a chance to feel an affinity for Takara Shuzo products.