 SECTION-4
Social
ESG Information
S Social
Food and Health
Ensuring Safe and Reliable Quality
In handling business related to food and medicine, the Takara Group delivers a host of safe products and services, while emphasizing reliability for our customers. In order to continue being a corporate Group trusted by customers into the future, we are striving for appropriate management based on a food safety and quality management system.
Food safety and quality management system
At Takara Shuzo’s six plants within Japan (Matsudo, Kusu, Fushimi, Shirakabegura, Kurokabegura, and Shimabara), we have received FSSC 22000 certification,* an international standard regarding food safety management systems. Additionally, by applying the ISO 9001 quality management system certification acquired by these same six plants, we feel that full measures are in place for food safety and quality management.
In the Takara Bio Group, Takara Bio Inc., Takara Biotechnology (Dalian) Co., Ltd., DSS Takara Bio India Pvt. Ltd., and Takara Bio Europe S.A.S have obtained the ISO 9001 certification for quality management systems. On top of this, Takara Bio USA, Inc. and Takara Biotechnology (Dalian) Co., Ltd. have obtained the ISO 13485 certification for diagnostic agent quality management systems and engage in strict quality control. Furthermore, at Takara Bio Inc., we are carrying out stringent quality control and have received certification and permission from third-parties, such as registration as a clinical testing laboratory, recognition from the College of American Pathologists: Laboratory Accreditation Program (CAP-LAP), and designation as a foreign cell processor.
* FSSC (Food Safety System Certification) 22000: a scheme that integrates ISO 22000 (which incorporates HACCP ideas on hygiene management methods for ensuring food safety) and ISO/TS 22002-1 (a prerequisite program that stipulates specific requirements for general hygiene control, such as equipment structure, layout, cleaning, and disinfection) while also including additional requirements related to employee hygiene management.
Creating safe products for Takara Shuzo product planning
Product planning
During product planning, we collect information through our daily operations, while also carrying out consumer surveys and group interviews. We deliver products with originality by pinpointing customers’ unexpressed needs and preferences
23 TAKARA HOLDINGS INC. Integrated Report 2019
related to flavor, safety, and reliability, while also confirming the market feasibility of our proprietary technologies.
Design reviews
We check product safety, security, legality, and the suitability of descriptions using design review methods addressing all aspects of product designs at the early stages of product development, including quality standards, product safety, package and wrapping, and manufacturing processes.
This allows us to create products after fully eliminating the possibility of unacceptable features at the design stage, and after confirming that product designs are as satisfactory as possible.
Raw material procurement
With regard to procuring raw materials, we strive to use only raw materials for which we can confirm the entire procurement route without exception, or raw materials that have warranties attesting to their quality, safety, and legality. For a portion of our imported raw materials and agricultural products, we pursue the measures above and also carry out analysis of residual pesticides/herbicides, heavy metals, etc., in order to confirm product safety. When analyzing raw materials, we use high-performance instruments at our Testing Center and major plants. These instruments have advanced features comparable to equipment at specialized analytic laboratories.
Transportation
Manufactured products are sent to two domestic transportation centers (one in the east and one in the west), with further shipments taking place from there. At the transportation centers, product information, such as the production line and manufacturing date, is managed with bar codes affixed to each pallet. We have established a framework allowing us to quickly confirm product quality information by managing the production history of items.
Pursuing customer satisfaction
The Customer Contact Office receives approximately 8,000 comments a year. These include inquiries regarding stores carrying our products, product expiration dates, and areas where ingredients were produced, in addition to a wide variety of feedback, complaints, etc.
Takara Shuzo listens carefully to each of these comments, striving to deliver and improve products in order to further satisfy customers. On top of this, we have voiced a declaration of conformity to ISO 10002 (targeting management systems for handling customer requests and complaints) as we continually strive to improve these processes.
therapy,” we strive to augment the healthy lifestyles of all people around the world.
Broad-based support for the development of life science research
Takara Bio uses genetic and cellular engineering technology to supply research reagents and other products to life science researchers throughout the world.
The Takara Group’s Biomedical Business began in 1979 when we started selling “restriction enzymes” that were the first domestically produced reagents for genetic engineering research. We later developed new products and made acquisitions to strengthen our product lineup and grow to our current scale of approximately 7,000 products. We have accumulated, and are marketing worldwide, a diverse array of research reagents used daily in applications from cutting edge life sciences to industrial fields.
Going forward, we will continue supporting the world’s research institutions and the development of life science research.
Gene therapy technology development and commercialization for cancer
and other targets
Leveraging revolutionary biotechnologies, Takara Bio is advancing the development of leading edge technologies, such as gene therapies, to address unmet medical needs.
In 2008, Takara Bio launched Japan’s first clinical trial for external gene therapy, after which, we have been advancing multiple gene therapy projects through many rounds of trial and error.
Currently, we are proceeding with a clinical trial for the oncolytic virus Canerpaturev (C-REV) targeting melanoma and pancreatic cancer and, in March, 2019, we submitted a manufacture and sales approval application for C-REV as a regenerative medicine-related product for melanoma. This is our first step in translating many years of R&D into commercial therapeutic products.
Takara Bio will continue to steadily advance the clinical development of gene therapies and quickly commercialize our results in order to contribute to the healthy lifestyles of people around
the world.
 Breakdown of comments and inquiries
 Furthermore, in order to address the risk of radioactivity, we only source domestic raw materials after confirming that they meet standards for radioactive substances. In combination, we also carry out parallel in-house inspections of domestic raw materials.
Additionally, at production plants
in the Kanto and Tohoku areas,
we are continually monitoring
the radioactive cesium levels
of products as well as water used
in manufacturing, ensuring
that they meet standards.
Manufacturing
Inside the buildings of our plants, the space is separated into clean zones of different levels. In work zones where the highest level of cleanliness is required, such as in filling rooms, we apply clean room specifications to avoid the mixing of any foreign substances.
After filling, we carry out foreign substance and labeling/printing inspections using automated detectors, in addition to visual and organoleptic inspections carried out by human inspectors, while ingredient analysis is handled by state-of-the-art analytic instruments in order to ensure the safety and quality of products.
Ardent support: 1% Suggestions: 2% Requests: 6%
Complaints: 9%
Others: 16%
Ingredients/
area of origin: 5%
Correct usage/ dosage: 9%
Product features: 13%
No. of contacts Approx. 8,000 total
No. of inquiries Approx. 6,000 total
Others: 6%
Inquiries: 76%
Information on stores carrying our products: 29%
Expiration dates/ manufacturing dates/ storage information: 28%
      Inspections with analytic instruments
  Support for Global Life Science Research and Initiatives
for Achieving Gene Therapies
At Takara Bio, based on our corporate philosophy of “contributing to the health of humankind through the development of revolutionary biotechnologies such as gene
Research being carried out at Takara Bio
 TAKARA HOLDINGS INC. 24 Integrated Report 2019
 