Ensuring Diversity and Fostering Human Resources
In the Takara Group, we take the perspective that people are indispensable assets and our employees are “human resources.” We strive to establish an environment in which diverse human resources can engage in work in a healthy fashion. At the same time, we are committed to fostering human resources by using the Takara Holdings Corporate History Museum (an employee training facility) as we work to maintain and strengthen human resources that are essential for long-term business growth.
Utilizing the Takara Holdings
Corporate History Museum training facility
In March 2017, we opened the Takara Holdings Corporate History Museum, a training facility for Group employees inside and outside Japan, in Takenaka-cho, Fushimi-ku, Kyoto, which is where the company was established, as one of our 90th anniversary projects.

The business territory of the Takara Group, which originated in the sake brewing business in 1842, has now expanded into the Biomedical Business and the Japanese Food Wholesale Business in overseas markets while in terms of geographical regions we have also actively extended our business activities in Europe, the U.S., Asia, and Oceania in addition to diversifying our human resources.
We utilize this facility for our Corporate History Museum Observational Training Program for all Takara Group employees in order to unite the Group as a whole and instill a mindset that is willing to take on challenges. At the same time, it facilitates our efforts to foster a culture for promoting improvement in corporate value as we train the human resources that will support the Group into the future.

With the aim of fostering human resources capable of playing active roles overseas, Takara Holdings, Takara Shuzo, and Takara Shuzo International provide support for employees to visit language learning schools or take English lessons online as we strive to help employees acquire the language skills required for business. 
Furthermore, in supporting the self-development of our employees, we also recognize multiple attendance for language-related courses through correspondence education programs. We also provide TOEIC® testing for new hires and for our prospective employees (during the preliminary offer of employment period), we provide an English language learning program before they join the Company as we work
to cultivate the in-house culture required to actively expand a global business.

At the Takara Group, we see the further promotion of female employees as a key issue, so we have formulated and are implementing action plans for achieving this objective. 

Given that the ratio of female employees at Takara Takara Bio (Japan) Holdings, Takara Shuzo, and Takara Shuzo International is (People) approximately 10% of the total number of employees, we announced a target in our business plan through March 80 2020 to boost the ratio of newly hired (college graduate) female employees in office and technical positions to 30% or above for these three companies as a whole. We showcase success stories by presenting interviews with female employees on our website, while also actively promoting female employees at our Company publicity events. These and other initiatives help give applicants a more concrete image of the women who work in the Takara Group. In the year ending March 31, 2020, 45.5% (15 out of 33) of college graduate new hires were women.

Additionally, as another pillar of promoting the active participation of women, we are striving to hire or place 18 or more women in management positions or as assistant managers during the period from April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2020. We also carry out career advancement training aiming to give female employees stronger career awareness, while fostering their skills. This training helps women understand the environment affecting female workers and encourages them to be aware of the roles they can fulfill. It also instills a mindset for exercising leadership that leverages each female employee’s unique strengths. These initiatives help develop the skills women need to expand their professional activity. In the years and months through April 1, 2019, we met the target, placing 22 women in manager or assistant manager positions.

At Takara Bio, 63.2% (24 out of 38) of new hires in Japan graduating from college in March 2020 were women and the ratio of female employees overall is 41.6%. Furthermore, we are striving to reach our stated targets of hiring or placing 10 or more female managers, or boosting the ratio of female managers overall to approximately 25% or higher by the year ending March 31, 2022 versus the end of March 31, 2016. We placed 7 female managers in the period up to April 1, 2019, bringing the ratio of female managers overall to 23.2%.

The Takara Group respects employees’ human rights and aims to ensure workplaces free of inequality and conducive to energetic, engaging pursuits. In our Compliance Code of Conduct as well, we have stipulated our commitment to respect employee diversity, character, and individuality, and to take a stance against all forms of irrational discrimination based on birth, nationality, personal rights, ethnic identity, faith, religion, gender, age, various disabilities, interests, educational background, and the like, while also refraining from illegal child labor and forced labor inside and outside Japan.
Moreover, as part of our education on human rights, we are striving to add programs that deepen understanding of human rights during new employee training, manager training, and compliance training.In our hiring practices as well, we adhere to the Act on Securing, Etc. of Equal Opportunity and Treatment between Men and Women in Employment. In order to ensure thorough awareness of human rights, we carry out human rights promotion and education using manuals and other materials for employees involved in hiring. Furthermore, in order to prevent sexual harassment, power harassment, and other forms of harassment concerning pregnancy, childbirth, child rearing, and nursing care, we established consultation/complaint offices at each work place, in addition to an Ombudsman Committee.
Creating workplaces open to employees with disabilities
When hiring people with disabilities, we ensure that our workplaces are conducive to allowing these individuals to exercise their talents. Approaches to doing so include understanding the individual’s work skills, establishing and developing a range of work tasks suited to the person’s circumstances, and improving the workplace environment. Additionally, people with disabilities participate in professional work alongside able bodied employees as we strive to create an environment in which they will feel a sense of purpose in their job.
As of April 1, 2019, there are currently 5 employees with disabilities working at Takara Holdings, 36 at Takara Shuzo, and 12 at Takara Bio, which meets the statutory requirement in each case.
Note: The legally mandated rate is 2.2% (from April 1, 2018)
Ensuring robust mental health through exams by an external organization
As one aspect of employee mental health support, we hold annual Stress Checks administered by an outside organization at each Group company, with the objective of encouraging preventative approaches to mental health issues and urging awareness of each employee’s stress level. If an employee who has been diagnosed with high stress wishes to do so, a visit is held with an industrial physician. Should occupational measures be deemed necessary, the physician’s recommendations are followed and initiatives to prevent mental health imbalances are carried out.

 SECTION-4 ESG Information Social
Spreading Awareness on the Appropriate Consumption of Alcohol
For the Takara Group, which manufactures and sells alcoholic beverages in Japan and other areas around the world, measures to combat social problems from drinking alcohol is a serious issue. At Takara Shuzo, we have striven to communicate information to prevent excessive drinking, underage drinking, alcohol consumption by pregnant women, and drunk driving, since we started our Stop Underage Drinking campaign in 1984. Furthermore, we make thorough efforts to avoid advertising, labeling, and marketing that could entice people to drink inappropriately.
Educational efforts using our website and pamphlets
In 1986, Takara Shuzo published a “Say No Book” that provided accurate information about alcohol and gave easy-to-understand details on drinking.
Then, in 2009, we updated the publication as a “Maintaining a Positive Relationship with Alcohol” booklet calling for the appropriate consumption of alcohol. We provide this pamphlet at a variety of events and other gatherings, while also making its content available on the Takara Shuzo website (information only available in Japanese).
The “Maintaining a Positive Relationship with Alcohol” booklet
Conscientious advertising
With regard to our televised alcoholic beverage commercials, we adhere to industry standards requiring that we: (1) Do not use expressions enticing underage drinking, (2) Do not use expressions encouraging excessive drinking or drinking that violates socially accepted common sense, (3) Clearly display labels warning about preventing underage drinking, drunk driving, drinking while pregnant or nursing, and
27 TAKARA HOLDINGS INC. Integrated Report 2019
excessive intake of alcoholic beverages, (4) Restricting the broadcast times of commercials (no broadcasts from 5:00 AM until 6:00 PM), and (5) Voluntarily refraining from broadcasting during programs with higher viewership among underage viewers.
Similarly, for print advertisements other than TV commercials (such as newspapers, magazines, etc.), we include easily noticed messages placed prominently on the ad and informing readers, for example, that underage drinking is prohibited.
Conscientious product labeling
In order to prevent drinking while pregnant or nursing, since 2004, we have added warnings to that effect on package labels and in newspaper and magazine ads. On top of this, as an initiative to prevent underage drinking and drunk driving, since 1995, we have labeled product packages with the phrase: “The consumption of alcoholic beverages is forbidden for persons under the age of 20 (minors).”
With regard to preventing the unintended consumption of light-alcohol refreshers (under the impression that they are soft drinks), we have promoted initiatives such as being the first in the industry to put a symbol reading “alcoholic beverage” on light-alcohol refreshers. Currently, for canned alcoholic beverages and those 300 ml or less, we print this symbol on all products that are less than 10% alcohol by volume. Also, when distributing sample products, we only do so when we can confirm that the recipients are not underage and are not driving.
Spreading Japanese Food Overseas
As health consciousness rises around the world, and with the registration of washoku as a UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage, the demand for Japanese food is increasing overseas as well. By spreading Japanese food, the Takara Group will continue to provide healthy and sumptuous diets for people in all parts of the world.
Spreading Japanese food through
the Japanese Food Wholesale Business in overseas markets
The number of Japanese food restaurants overseas has grown approximately five-fold in the past 10 years. Through our Japanese Food Wholesale Business in overseas markets, the Takara Shuzo International Group is supporting local restaurants and retailers by providing a variety of Japanese food ingredients (such as rice, laver, soy sauce, vinegar, etc.) and complementary products.
With the global market for Japanese foods growing larger in a trend that is expected to continue, we are letting the world know about the great taste of traditional Japanese alcoholic beverages such as sake and shochu, in addition to Japanese food.
Disseminating information on washoku culture
Tazaki Foods Ltd., which is operating its business in the U.K., is a local pioneer in the Japanese Food Wholesale Business and its Yutaka brand is carried in many retail stores. It has also cemented its position in the field for restaurants and bars. Leveraging the wide recognition of the Yutaka brand, we are striving to actively disseminate information through Tazaki Foods by having booths at food exhibitions held in areas across the U.K., while also using YouTube, Facebook, and similar platforms.
Additionally, in response to the growing demand for sake
PR for the Yutaka brand at an exhibition in the U.K.
products, we carry out training for staff at Japanese food restaurants covering how to serve sake. Using our ties with breweries, we have also started early efforts to communicate sake’s distinct features and the stories behind its brewing.
Handing Down Traditional Culture
The sake, shochu, and mirin products manufactured and sold by Takara Shuzo have evolved over a lengthy period alongside traditional Japanese culture. Because of this, the Takara Group cherishes traditional culture through social contribution and other activities and strives to hand down this culture over the long term.
Hosting the Takara Shuzo Cup— Class-Ranked Champions’ Go Tournament
The Takara Shuzo Cup—Class-Ranked Champions’ Go Tournament, co-hosted by Takara Shuzo and the Nihon Ki-in (a public interest incorporated foundation), is the largest amateur go tournament in Japan, open to adult participants at least 20 years of age. The tournament not only includes match play, but also has tasting sessions for Takara Shuzo products, a quiz contest, and go instruction from professional players. These provide an opportunity to deepen understanding of the Takara Shuzo Group and build affinity for our products.
Ahead of the 11th tournament, regional preliminaries were held in fiscal 2019 at 13 sites across Japan, with 10,155 participants (the largest total to date), including those at the all-Japan finals. Through the Takara Shuzo Cup, we are broadening the range of go enthusiasts, while contributing to spreading go as a part of traditional Japanese culture.
Example warning label
Example of the “Alcoholic Beverage” symbol
A scene during the Takara Shuzo Cup
TAKARA HOLDINGS INC. 28 Integrated Report 2019