  K’S HOLDINGS CORPORATION
Integrated Report2021
  This report is made from FSC® certified forest paper and vegetable oil ink.
K’S HOLDINGS CORPORATION
 Table of contents
01     21 02     25 03     31 05     33 08     35 09     37 11     39 13     42 17
Editorial policy
Table of contents & editorial policy
K’s Denki Group scale and overview
Corporate philosophy and management policy
Top message
Comment from outside director
History of value creation
Process of value creation
Vision of K’s Denki
Initiatives regarding employees
K’s Denki services and store development
Environmental initiatives
Contributing to society
Compliance
Capital policy, financial strategy, and dividend policy
Financial highlights
Corporate governance
Company information
     This report discloses a combination of non-financial and financial information including an overview of the K’s Denki Group, K’s Denki’s corporate philosophy, history, and ESG, and so on, and it is aimed at deepening understanding regarding K’s Denki through explanations regarding K’s Denki’s vision for growth.
[Target scope]
Although this report targets K’s Holdings (consolidated), there is some reporting on the independent data and initiatives of K’s Holdings (non-consolidated) and its subsidiaries.
[Target period]
April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2021 (year ended March 2021) Nevertheless, there is some reporting on initiatives that are outside of this timeframe.
[Date of issuance]
November 2021
[Guidelines referred to]
“International Integrated Reporting Framework,” International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC)
01 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021
K’s Denki Group scale and overview
Industry share of approximately 10%
The scale of the household electric appliances (consumer electronics) market is approximately 7 trillion yen, and the K’ s Denki Group has sales of 792.5 billion yen (result for the year ended March 2021). This means that we boast an industry share of about 10%.
Operation by subsidiaries in different regions
In the case of the K’ s Denki Group, there are seven companies that engage in the household electric appliance retail business: K’ s Holdings Corpora- tion, GIGAS CORPORATION, KANSAI K’ S DENKI CO., LTD., BIG•S CO., LTD., Hokuetsu K’s CO., LTD., KYUSHU K’S DENKI CORPORATION, and Denkodo Co., Ltd. In addition, there are three companies that engage in the house- hold electric appliance retail business as franchisees: USHIO Co., Ltd., OKA- JIMA CO., LTD., and Hamamatsu K’s Co., Ltd. Furthermore, K'S CAREER STAFF CORPORATION. engages in the temporary-staffing business, and Technical Arts Co., Ltd. operates computer schools and engages in the computer support business. Each company operates in its own region, and this makes it possible to carry out recruitment, property development, and detailed sales support while making use of regional characteristics.
More than 500 stores nationwide
In the case of existing stores, we constantly aim to develop new stores based on the “scrap & build” method. Furthermore, we have been moving forward with opening new stores in blank-space regions and blank-space prefectures, while simultaneously strengthening our opening of new stores in urban areas with large populations.
Stores that are “specialists” in consumer electronics
Even though some consumer electronics companies have recently started handling products and services outside of consumer elec- tronics, the K’s Denki Group continues to specialize in consumer electronics, and this helps to boost the level of specialization of employees and reduce costs, which in turn leads to higher profits.
Approximately 15,000 employees
Our company has 6,894 regular employees and 8,660 temporary employees*.
*The figure for temporary employees is the average number during the year.
K’s Denki Anshin Passport
Over 43 million members
We launched the “K’s Denki Anshin Passport” service in June 2008, and now as of the end of March 2021, we have more than 43 million members nationwide. In June 2015, we started operating a related app for smartphones, and this has further increased conve- nience for customers.
        Hokkaido & Tohoku area
 Operation by Denkodo
104 stores
   Hokushinetsu area
 Operation by Hokuetsu K’s
45 stores
  Kanto area
 Operation by K’s Holdings
143 stores
Operation by FC OKAJIMA
1 store
  Hiyoko Computer School
Kansai & Kinki area
 Operation by KANSAI K’S DENKI
69 stores
  Chugoku & Shikoku area
 Operation by BIG•S
43 stores
Operation by FC USHIO
1 store
Chubu & Tokai area
 Operation by GIGAS
64 stores
Operation by FC Hamamatsu K’s
2 stores
  Operation by Technical Arts Established within K’s Denki
74 schools
*As of end of March 2021
Kyushu area
 Operation by KYUSHU K’S DENKI
47 stores
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021 02
    
   Corporate philosophy and management policy
The ideology behind the corporate philosophy of the K’s Denki Group is the same as the ideology that our founder Kaoru Kato had when he launched “Kato Denki Shokai” as a team of six people following World War II. Shuichi Kato, who is the son of Kaoru Kato and is currently our
Honorary Chairman, inherited his father’s ideas and made these into our current management policy. We continue to pass down this management policy as we operate our stores on a day-to-day basis.
Corporate philosophy
We shall seek to build a business that is centered on people, and shall seek happiness for the people involved in the K’s Denki Group. We shall contribute to society and shall always do things in “harmony” with people through our business activities.
Management policy
“Gambaranai Keiei”
Even though it may be possible to perform beyond one’s capacity for a short period of time by straining, this approach is not suitable for company management, which is never-ending. If one overdoes things, there is always a backlash. Thus, we have a management policy in which we do the right thing in a reliable manner, without overdoing it, and aim to satisfy our customers in the ideal way, and we refer to this as “Gambaranai Keiei.”
Company creed
 As the stores of K’s Denki expanded, the founder of our company Kaoru Kato created a company creed consisting of the five items below to serve as a clear conduct guideline for the implementa- tion of the corporate philosophy by employees. This company creed, which calls for all people to work with a feeling of gratitude, enjoyment in good health, and affection, and lastly mentions boosting productivity, is based on our corporate philosophy of valuing employees.
“Keep! Customer Satisfaction (Let’ s continuously keep our custom- ers satisfied!).” For us, providing “satisfaction” to each and every customer is of the utmost impor- tance.
 ‒ Today, let’s work with a feeling of gratitude.
‒ Today, let’s work with enjoyment in good health. ‒ Today, let’s work with kindness and affection.
‒ Today, let’s make an effort to boost our productivity.
  ‒ Today, let’s work with pride as a specialist in the sale of consumer electronics.
   Philosophy regarding store operation
 What is the “K’s” in “K’s Denki” ?
This expresses our corporate attitude of
  K’s Denki promises to provide the following three types of satisfaction (S) to customers.
   Customers
Trust
Provision of “truly friendly service”
Employees
For achieving “customers come first” in the truest sense, taking good care of
“1. employees, 2. business partners, 3. customers, and 4. shareholders”
in that order is very important.
1. Keep! Super Price
We shall continue to provide new products at very low prices.
    In order to realize low prices, we shall eliminate waste, and we shall apply our wisdom in order to continuously provide “K’s value” that is satisfactory to customers.
  Worker-friendly work environment
Added value
2. Keep! Super Service
We shall aim to provide the best after-sales service in Japan.
  All of our employees shall work together in order to develop and implement service that is a step ahead of the times.
3. Keep! Super Quality
We shall continue to provide only products of the highest quality.
      Business partners
Establishment of good relationships
Steady supply of products
Redistribution of profits
Investment
Share- holders
   It seems that in all types of retail businesses, there is a focus on “placing importance on customers.” Meanwhile, at K’s Denki, we have boldly set the order of the people we place importance on as: “1. employees, 2. business partners, 3. customers, and 4. shareholders.” This absolutely does not mean we neglect our customers. “Placing importance on customers” cannot be realized unless the company first of all places importance on employees. If a company does not value its employees, how can the employees be friendly to its customers? Placing importance on employees is precisely what makes it possible for K’ s Denki to provide truly friendly service to customers. This same idea applies to business partners. Building good relationships with business partners enables us to realize the steady supply of products to customers.
In other words, first placing importance on employees and business partners results in our valuing our customers in the truest sense. The profits that we obtain are returned to our shareholders and all of our other stakeholders. Having this series of connections means that we always do things in “harmony” with people through our business activities, and this in turn leads to our contributing to society.
What is “customer satisfaction (CS)”?
All products that we select and offer shall be of the best quality in order to ensure that customers can shop with us with peace of mind.
All of our work is for realizing the above.
   Pursuing customer satisfaction based on objectively viewing services from the perspective of customers
Avoiding thinking in a biased way based on the company’s standpoint and service provider’s standpoint
 This refers to customers praising products and services, etc. that they have been provided, based on their own standards.
What does
this mean for us?
  03 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021 04

   Top message
Sharing the secrets of “Gambaranai Keiei”
K’s Holdings has continued to grow as a company together with the growth of personnel.
In this message, the fourth president Tadashi Hiramoto comments on the company’s approach of placing importance on employees based on the philosophy of “Gambaranai Keiei.”
overexertion is avoided.”
It seems that, rather than putting pressure on employees, business management goes better when we create environments in which employees can work in an unconstrained manner.
In business management, no conclusion has been reached regarding what should be done in order to perform well. Thus, we are constantly learning by trial and error, and considering what is occurring on a day-to-day basis from the perspective of employees, thinking, “What can we do to make work environments more pleasant for employees?” and “What are employees currently feeling uneasy about?”
A lot has happened in relation to the problem of the spread of the infectious disease COVID-19 that started at the beginning of 2020. When vaccinations starting being carried out, we received comments to the effect of, “When everyone is going to get vaccinated, there will be no staff members in the store. What should we do about that?” We told the employees, “It is alright to shorten your business hours, or to close your store so that everyone can go get vaccinated,” and thus we have given priority to the vaccinations. As a result, employees wishing to be vaccinated are able to do so with peace of mind, and this seems to prompt them to think, “I will give my utmost to sales work once again tomorrow.”
If work is fun, this naturally puts smiles on people’s faces. The fact that employees are smiling makes customers wish to buy products from them. We believe that in order to achieve “customers come first,” it is essential to first of all place importance on employees ahead of customers. Since we place more importance on employees than on sales, we of course will give priority to vaccinations. As a result, employees independently become aware that we are a “company with a pleasant working environment,” and this helps to boost both our sales and profits.
In order to create pleasant working environments, our company also works on asset formation for employees. Since the time of our founding, we have had our employees become shareholders. Currently, we have an employees’ shareholding association, and partial subsidies from the company are paid in relation to treasury-stock purchases. When employees own stock, they work while paying attention to their own company’s stock price and profit-loss situation.
Furthermore, as a replacement for the stock options that we had been granting to employees, we introduced a Stock Grant ESOP (Employee Stock Ownerships Plan) Trust. We hope that this will help employees with asset formation. Thus, the policy of our company has been to seek to return profits to employees.
Looking at FY2020, a large amount of demand was generated during the COVID-19 crisis. There were of course effects from the government stimulus payment of 100,000 yen per citizen, and moreover various types of demand were generated since computers and printers became necessary in order to work from home following
the shift to telework, and people switched to larger refrigerators since they started to have meals at home more often. Furthermore, there was a trend in which people began to purchase slightly more luxurious items since they were unable to travel and were voluntarily refraining from going on outings.
As a result of this, in our financial results for FY2020, we achieved record high sales and profits, and thus we paid employees a special bonus. This bonus was also for expressing our company’s appreciation to the employees for their work amid the COVID-19 crisis, and for putting smiles on the faces of the employees by returning profits to them.
“K’s Denki Anshin Passport” members reach 43 million
Our company issues the “K’s Denki Anshin Passport” so that customers can shop with peace of mind. This “Anshin Passport” is not a point card. By showing this at registers, customers can receive 3% to 5% cash discounts on the spot. Even if customers have forgotten their “Anshin Passport,” they can receive the discounts by stating the telephone number that they have registered. A long time ago, our company once worked on adopting a point system. Nevertheless, we determined that it would not be interesting to do the same thing as other companies, and that it would probably be better for customers to be able to receive discounts on the spot, so we gave up on adopting the point system shortly before its introduction. When there are expiration dates on points, customers will think, “My points are about to expire so I must go to redeem my points,” and this may place a burden on the customers. Even if the “Anshin Passport” is lost, since it does not contain points, it can easily be reissued.
Furthermore, it is possible to see product purchase histories, and this enables us to promptly handle product recalls, and is helpful when customers are searching for consumable supplies for products that they have purchased.
Currently, the number of members of the “K’s Denki Anshin Passport,” which we created so that customers can shop with us with peace of mind, has surpassed 43 million. Furthermore, our company has unique “long-term free repair guarantees.” Our company’s designated product models come with a 3, 5, or 10-year long-term free repair guarantee. Among consumer electronics, washing machines tend to malfunction especially frequently. When customers visit us for repairs for
these and we tell them, “It’s been less than five years since you purchased this so we’ll repair it free of charge and also cover your travel expenses and parts expenses,” the customers feel glad that they shopped at K’s Denki and want to purchase products from our company again in the future.
   Necessity of first placing importance on employees in order to place importance on customers
 
I would often speak with Shuichi Kato, the president before last, about how “work progresses the best when the employees are motiving themselves.” Upon thinking about what should be done in order to get employees to become self-motivated regarding work, we realized that giving employees quotas is not the answer. If we tell employees, “It seems that you can sell more. You must work harder, and sell more,” employees lose their motivation. Conversely, if we create environments in which employees can work in an unconstrained manner and tell them, “Please take action freely. You don’t need to work hard,” business results rise. Then, the employees feel happy about this, so they become motivated to study the products in order to boost the business results even more. It is important to avoid forcefully setting forth huge goals.
For example, if we were to set a goal, saying, “We are almost at 1 billion yen, so let’s find a way to achieve 1 billion yen,” there is a risk that behaviors would arise such as bosses putting pressure on their subordinates, and employees forcefully selling customers products that they do not need. When attempts are made to achieve goals in a forceful manner, unreasonableness and wastefulness arise with regard to the unreachable goals that have been set, and looking at the situation overall, it becomes clear that not very much profit is generated. Furthermore, the employees become exhausted, so sales the following year sometimes end up slumping. As such, we tell employees, “Let’s do our best to strive for goals that are reachable.” When we say, “It’s fine if we don’t reach our goal of 1 billion yen. It’s acceptable to just sell products whenever they can be sold,” strangely there are times when we reach sales of 1.5 billion yen. This is the secret behind our philosophy of “Gambaranai Keiei,” or “business management in which
K’s Holdings Corporation Representative Director, President, and Executive Officer
Tadashi Hiramoto
  05 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021 06

 Role of company: enabling employees to work with peace of mind and live stably
Our company currently has stores in 45 prefectures. During this fiscal year, we plan to open stores in Shimane Prefecture where never had any stores in the past. The reason for our opening of stores in regions nationwide is based on dominance strategy. For example, in the case of distributing flyers in Kagoshima Prefecture, if we had two stores in the prefecture, we would have to decide on how broadly we should distribute the flyers. Nevertheless, if we had stores throughout the prefecture, it would be efficient even to distribute flyers all over Kagoshima since the flyer cost per store would be lower.
Meanwhile, thinking of employees, if our number of stores is increased, this makes it possible for more employees to realize their dream of “someday becoming a store manager.” If we do not continue to open stores, the position of store manager will not become available unless a current store manager quits. If we were to
stop opening stores, we would incur less costs related to store openings, and our company would be able to temporarily generate a large amount of profit. Nevertheless, there is a possibility that this would reduce the motivation of employees, and cause our sales to decline over the long term. At our orientation for prospective employees, students who will be joining our company at the start of the new fiscal year in April sometimes tell us that they would like to work while striving to become a store manager, and thus even prospective employees who have not yet joined our company are often aiming to become a store manager. Thus, we are reminded that this is the perspective our employees have. As such, increasing our number of stores has a variety of benefits for the company.
The population of Japan will decrease in the future due to the progression of the declining birthrate and aging population, and amid this situation, we have been receiving comments to the effect of, “What will we do if products are no longer selling very well?” Since there is still leeway for us to open more stores, we believe that we will be able to grow if the rate of population decrease from the declining birthrate is surpassed by the rate of increase of our sales floor area based on the opening of stores. Nevertheless, we still believe that it is important to increase business, place importance on communication with customers, and recommend products that match specific needs. All of our employees are passionate about studying, and are highly knowledgeable about our products.
Rather than simply selling products to customers, employees hope to have customers purchase products
that will be beneficial to them after having convinced them of such. We are proud to say that our employees are able to do this because, based on “Gambaranai Keiei,” our company places importance on employees, and this makes it possible for our employees to place importance on customers.
We believe that while it is important to increase business results, this cannot be given first priority. We believe that ahead of increasing business results, the role of the company is to make it possible for employees to work with peace of mind and live stably into the future, and it is my dream to enable our company to fulfill this role.
For sustainability management
Recently, “environmental, social, and corporate governance (ESG)” has become an important business challenge worldwide. Nevertheless, from the beginning, our company’s corporate philosophy has been to significantly contribute to society through our business activities by spreading harmony with all the stakeholders surrounding us, namely our business partners, investors, and customers, as well as the general public. In order to realize this philosophy, we have placed the utmost importance on our employees since the time of our founding. Since we have environments in which it is possible to work with enjoyment and vitality, our employees are able to provide customers with truly friendly service. This wins the favor of customers, so our operations are expanded, and we are able to provide returns to our business partners and investors. Furthermore, we gain the ability to expand our activities into areas such as regional development, support for sports, and recovering and recycling end-of-life consumer electronics. Although in this message I have spoken extensively about how we would like to serve as a company where employees can work with peace of mind and enjoyment, our company has been taking this approach since a long time ago thinking that it is only natural to do so. Nonetheless, I believe that this concept of placing the utmost importance on employees will serve as the bedrock for what is now referred to as “sustainability management.” Going forward, our company will continue striving to boost corporate value by placing importance on employees, and further honing our skills as a specialist in consumer electronics based on “Gambaranai Keiei.”
           What are the SDGs?
“SDGs” stands for “Sustainable Development Goals.”
These are international goals intended to be achieved by 2030 that were set at the United Nations Summit in September 2015, and they consist of 17 goals with 169 targets.
           07 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021 08
 Comment from outside director
electronics, which are evolving together with technologies, and is matter-of-factly implementing the “scrap & build” method regarding stores in accordance with the surrounding towns that are changing over time. Furthermore, in order to satisfy customers, the company is placing the utmost importance on the employees who meet with customers on the front lines. I have seen not only the salaries, working hours, and welfare benefits, but also the provision growth opportunities, and it is clear that K’s Denki’s store clerks, such as the one who attended to my family, have a friendly attitude thanks to the work environment. I get the sense that this work environment is also bringing about the low turnover rate, and the presence of the actively participating young employees who I encounter at the company, and the women who are energetically serving as store managers and heads of departments.
I grew up in Ibaraki Prefecture where K’s Denki was founded so have had an especially long relationship with the company as a consumer.
 When I was a child, there was a Kato Denki store about 500 meters away from my home, and I had the impression that that was a place where big events would take place for families. My parents would take me to the store, and I
would be able to see with my own eyes the new consumer electronics that I had only viewed in television commercials. I would vividly imagine what life would be like with the addition of such consumer electronics, and would feel thrilled. Another thing that I clearly remember is the friendliness of the store clerks. For example, on one occasion, my family drove by car to the K’s Denki Mito Honten Store. My younger brother saw a brand-new electronic dictionary and wanted it, but my mother asserted that a paper dictionary would be sufficient, and they began to argue back and forth. The conversation was not getting anywhere, so my father had a troubled look on his face. At that time, a store clerk joined the conversation and listened carefully to the arguments from both sides while nodding. Ultimately, my mother took a liking to the product and purchased it, and even today, about 20 years later, she still mentions, “That K’s store clerk was probably very busy at that time, but was still truly friendly to us.”
The employees are able to concentrate on how to attend to customers in order to make them happy, so the peace of mind and satisfaction of employees is returned to customers in the form of service. I believe that the company’s characteristic cash discounts, long-term free repair guarantees, and Anshin Passport also originated from the above-mentioned environment.
Upon becoming an outside director on this occasion, I have also formed some other impressions regarding the company.
First of all, it seems that the management policy of “Gambaranai Keiei (avoiding overdoing it)” has spread to every corner of the company even more than I had imagined. Based on not only the company’s business management, but also the work performance and thinking of individuals, it appears that tasks that must be done are being executed with simplicity, without overdoing it, and with reliability. I get the sense that this is bearing fruit in the form of speediness regarding arriving at results, and swiftness of the PDCA cycle.
Soon, in 2022, new market segments will be launched at the Tokyo Stock Exchange, so there will be a need for an even higher level of governance. To date, the company’s management has thoroughly examined and proactively promoted corporate governance. As for the perspectives of sustainability and boosting corporate value over the medium-to-long term, as I mentioned above, the philosophy of “Gambaranai Keiei” has become incorporated into the company as DNA, and has materialized over many years together with the corporate culture of putting employees first. I believe that the idea of new market segments will serve as an opportunity for the company to feel confident about the initiatives implemented thus far, and to continue honing skills.
As an outside director, I shall fulfill my duties, and contribute to the sustained growth of the company. I hope that K’s Holdings can receive your ongoing support.
Director Wakako Tokuda
This avoiding overdoing it, which does not deviate from the essence of serving as a specialist in consumer electronics, is also being reflected in the company’s consistent approach to responding to changes of the times. K’s Denki is steadily securing product inventories that are in line with trends regarding domestic consumer
What I find to be the most interesting is the fact that whenever I point out these characteristics at the company, I am consistently met with facial expressions of surprise, and am asked, “What is so special about that?” Thus, it seems that implementing what is only natural without overdoing it is the most powerful approach there is.
 
            500 (100 million yen)
450 400 350 300 250 200 150 100
50 0
History of value creation
After the founder of K’s Denki Kaoru Kato repatriated to Japan following World War II, he made Mito City his place of residence. In 1947, he began occupations such as the repairing and selling of radios, and in 1955, due the expansion of his operations, he established Kato Denki Shokai and carried out the selling and repairing of radios and so on together with several employees. The company’s motto at that time was ‘‘integrity first.” The employees clearly told customers about the strong and weak points of products, and instead of trying to sell products, they provided support for people’s household electrification plans. This type of approach won people’s trust, so the company’s operations steadily expanded. After exclusively selling the products of National (currently Panasonic), the company began to sell the products of multiple different manufacturers, and then in 1980, it developed the type of business format that K’s Denki has today. Subsequently, the second president Shuichi Kato took the helm of the company. From the 1990s to the 2000s, the company grew dramatically in size. A team of managers who sympathized with the ideas of Shuichi Kato was formed and
8,000
(100 million yen)
7,000
6,000
5,000
4,000
3,000
2,000
1,000
0
            1947/3 1970/9 1972/9 1974/9 1976/9 1978/9 1980/9 1982/9 1984/9 1986/9 1988/9 1990/3 1992/3 1994/3 1996/3 1998/3 2000/3 2002/3 2004/3 2006/3 2008/3 2010/3 2012/3 2014/3 2016/3 2018/3 2020/3
1955
Establishment of Kato Denki Shokai
The main services performed were repair and delivery.
1980
Establishment of
Kato Denki Sales Co., Ltd.
Then-president Kaoru Kato stated at this time, “We must first of all think about the benefits for our employees. Our employees are just as important as our customers.”
1991 onward
Development of franchise and integration of businesses
Action was taken based on the premise, “There must be benefits for both parties.”
1997
Changing of trade name to “K’s Denki Corporation”
All store names were made “K’s Denki,” and television commercials began being aired. The flagship store the Mito Honten Store was opened in 1999.
2002
Promotion to First Section of Tokyo Stock Exchange
There was a partial promotion one year after receiving listing on the Second Section of Tokyo Stock Exchange in 2001.
2007
Changing of trade name to “K’s Holdings Corporation”
Introduction of the K’s Denki Anshin Passport started in 2008.
The year ended March 1990 is an irregular period with 6 months 11 days due to an amended settlement date. ↑
↑Consolidated figures are shown starting in the year ended March 2000.
              09
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021
10
 April 2021 Absorption-type merger of K’s Solution Systems June 2019 Technical Arts made subsidiary
September 2008 : Lehman shock
April 2007  Denkodo made subsidiary
  January 2007 Hokuetsu K’s made subsidiary        KYUSHU K’S DENKI
March 2011: Great East Japan Earthquake July 2011: Stop of analog broadcasting
2020 onward: Spread of COVID-19 April 2019: Consumption tax
  increase of 8% → 10%
 April 2014 Consumption tax increase of 5% → 8%
  established and made subsidiary
subsidiaries were established, and as a result, a corporate group covering all of Japan was created. Even though different presidents took the helm of the company later on, the passion that the company had at the time of its foundation has been inherited and remains unchanged to this day.
     Trend regarding sales and ordinary income
Sales (right axis) Ordinary income (left axis)
          1991 : Burst of economic bubble
October 2004 KANSAI K’S DENKI        (formerly “Yachiyo Musen Denki” )
 made subsidiary
  March 1947
Founding of company
July 1991 Tohoku K’s Denki       (formerly Yotsuba Denki)
made subsidiary
October 2005 BIG•S made subsidiary
April 2004 GIGAS made subsidiary
April 1997 Consumption tax increase of 3% → 5%
     April 1989
Introduction of consumption tax increase of 3%
 
    Process of value creation
As a specialist in selling consumer electronics, the K’s Denki Group works for
sustainable corporate value creation based on a management policy of “Gambaranai Keiei.”
 Declining birthrate and aging
population
 Concentration of populations in urban areas
 Decreasing labor force
 Climate change
 Shift toward IT
in society
 Diversification of value
INPUT
Financial capital
Intellectual capital
Human capital
Social and relationship capital
Natural capital
BUSINESS MODEL
Gambaranai Keiei Specialization in consumer electronics
Employees
No quotas
Worker-friendly work environment
Business partners
Establishment of good relationships
Steady supply of products
Corporate governance
OUTPUT
Service from standpoint of customers
Cash discounts
Long-term
free repair guarantees
Anshin Passport
Provision of specialized knowledge
Stores that are easy to shop at Enjoyment of shopping
OUTCOME
Safe and secure living
Provision of shopping convenience
Comfortable living Discovery of new value
ESG initiatives
Allocation of capital to shareholders
Provision of jobs Contributing to society
                          11 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021 12

    Vision of K’s Denki
Maintaining year-on-year sales of 100% at existing stores based on boosting average spending per customer and product unit prices
● Promoting sales of high value-added products with friendly customer service 
● Boosting numbers of items purchased
● Selling items in sets together with related products (such as consumable supplies) that help boost user satisfaction, with friendly customer service
Changes regarding population and number of households in Japan
Opening new stores with aim of increasing sales by 20 billion yen per year (20 store openings and 10 store closures per year)
● Constantly relocating existing stores to optimal locations based on “scrap & build”
● Building domestic store network by opening new stores in blank-space prefectures and blank-space regions
● Proactively opening new stores in urban areas (areas with large populations rather than station-front terminal-type areas) ● Opening new stores to help make it possible for employees to work with the goal of someday becoming a store manager
Initiative 1
Forms of stores being opened by K’s Denki
● “Suburban-type stores”: main form of stores we are opening
Densely populated area
Initiative 2
     *Created based on data from “Population Estimates” and “Populations, Population Movements, and Numbers of Households Derived from Basic Resident Registers” (Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications)
● “Urban-type stores”*: one form of stores we are proactively opening *Stores in areas with large population, rather than station-front terminal type
Major road such as national highway
   Changes to market share of K’s Denki
Densely populated area
Train station
  (Million yen) 10,000,000 9,000,000 8,000,000 7,000,000 6,000,000 5,000,000 4,000,000 3,000,000 2,000,000 1,000,000 0
Trend regarding consumer electronics market share of K’s Holdings
11.0% 10.5% 10.0% 9.5% 9.0% 8.5% 8.0% 7.5% 7.0% 6.5%
            2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 6.0% Size of consumer electronics retail market (GfK)* (left axis) KSHD share (right axis)
 13
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021 14
*GfK is a global marketing research company that is headquartered in Germany and has over 85 years of history. GfK Japan was established as the company’s Japanese arm in 1979. It promptly provides information on trends regarding markets and consumers not only in Japan but also worldwide. It collects the POS data and so on of various channels such as mass retailers and internet shopping, and then, based on this, it projects market sizes and announces these each year.
Surrounding environment
  Detached houses
Population of target business area
  50,000 to 150,000
Population density
  Low
Transportation methods
  Cars and motorcycles
 Sales floor area
 5,000 to 6,500 square meters
 Store format
・Single-story building, flat-surface parking area ・Stand-alone store
  Product lineup
 15,000 to 27,000 types of items
 Advantages
 • Low rent due to suburban location
• Ability to secure spacious plot of land
 Disadvantages
 • High initial construction costs due to need for infrastructure development
• Small population in surrounding business area
 130,000 125,000 120,000 115,000 110,000 105,000
Trend regarding population and households in Japan
Increase in number of households despite gradual decrease
in population
Total population (total number) [1,000 people] (left axis)
Number of households in Basic Resident Register (Japanese people) [1,000 households] (right axis)
60,000 50,000 40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000 0
        1976 1978 1980 1982 1984 1986 1988 1990 1992 1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 2014 2016 2018 2020
Surrounding environment
  High-rise condominiums
Population of target business area
  150,000 or above
Population density
  High
Transportation methods
  Walking, motorcycles, bicycles, and trains (few cars)
 Sales floor area
 2,000 to 3,500 square meters
 Store format
• First floor of multistory building, rooftop parking area • Store combined with other types of businesses
  Product lineup
 10,000 to 12,000 types of items
 Advantages
 • Ability to reduce rent and construction costs by combining store with other businesses
• Large population in surrounding business area
• Small warehouse sufficient since large products
rarely taken home from store
 Disadvantages
 • High rent due to location in densely populated area • Inability to secure spacious plot of land
            Approach regarding closing stores and “scrap & build” method
In the case of stores that have been open for around 20 years, equipment will have deteriorated, and changes will have taken place regarding surrounding environments, road conditions, and so on. As such, we either relocate such stores to a better place that is somewhat far away from existing stores, or we decide to close such stores if we feel that our objective of solidifying dominance in the surrounding area has already been achieved. We rarely close stores for the reason of assessing that they will not be profitable in the short term.
 Growth can be achieved if the expansion of K’s Denki’s share is faster than the shrinking of the population.

  Initiative 3 Efforts regarding e-commerce Characteristics of EC of K’s Denki
As for the characteristics of our group’s e-commerce (EC), we do not have huge warehouses exclusively for EC, and our more than 500 stores nationwide serve as a substitute for such warehouses. EC order data is gathered at our Headquarters, and then items are packaged at, and sent from, the store that is closest to the customer’s home. Since we have stores that are close to customers, even in the case of products that have been purchased via EC, it is possible to promptly receive after-service in the same manner as if the product had been purchased at a store, and customers can consult our staff members directly.
Deliveries
Initiative 4 Boosting attractiveness of stores Education and classroom business
● Hiyoko Computer School
Our group operates 74 branches (as of end of March 2021) of the Hiyoko Computer School inside K’s Denki stores. In addition, our smartphone classes have been garnering praise, mainly from seniors.
● Hiyoko Computer School Kids’ Course
  Hiyoko Future IT Academy (commonly called “Hiyoko FIA”)
For elementary fourth-grade, to high school third-grade students
In order to realize the GIGA School Concept, the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology has been working to promote IT education in Japan, and this has included providing learning computers to every student. Programming education has already started even at elementary and junior high schools, and there are plans to add the subject of “information” to standardized university entrance examinations.
         ● Aside from K’s Denki websites, we also sell products on
PayPay Mall and Rakuten Ichiba.
Our group’s approach to EC
Customers
Order data
Headquarters
Data
Deliveries
Customers
     Data Order data
The Hiyoko Future IT Academy offers a kids’ course for developing comprehensive computer skills ahead of the AI era, and has been garnering high praise in this regard.
Course on robot programming
   Large products (televisions, refrigerators, washing machines, and air conditioners)
Audio & video products (excluding televisions)
Seasonal products (excluding
air conditioners)
Beauty and health products
Electrical cooking appliances
E-commerce sales-volume composition ratio (year ended March 2021) Large products (televisions, refrigerators,
  Other (consumable supplies, etc.)
Information devices
washing machines, and air conditioners) ..........2.7% Audio & video products (excluding televisions) ........ 6.0% Seasonal products (excluding air conditioners) ...... 14.5% Beauty and health products .......................... 9.3% Electrical cooking appliances ........................ 15.4% Information devices ................................ 24.5% Other (consumable supplies, etc.).................... 27.6%
Partitions have been installed to help prevent the spread of infectious diseases.
     During the COVID-19 crisis, although our company’s composition ratio of EC sales rose, the EC ratio of large products, which require deliveries, construction work, and recycling, was relatively low, so the situation did not change significantly. Thus, it is clear that large products are not suited to EC. Our group believes that EC is necessary as a method of purchasing, and that it will likely continue to grow in the future. Nevertheless, our company has stores that are close to where customers are living, so it is not necessary for us to only expand EC. In April 2021, we newly established our EC Product Department, and, going forward, in the case of consumable supplies and small items that are suitable for EC, we will develop original products, and promptly accommodate the needs of customers in this regard.
Examples of original K’s Denki products
Sales floors with “connective consumer electronics”
that make it possible to experience IoT and AI consumer electronics
In the past, we displayed IoT consumer electronics and smart home-related products at various corners spread throughout our stores. Now, however, we have brought these items together at “corners for experiencing connective consumer electronics” that are modeled after living spaces, and thus the items are displayed in a way that helps customers imagine the ways in which they can be used in actual living situations.
    15 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021 16
 
   Initiatives regarding employees
As is stated in our management policy, we have the following concept : “It is not possible to achieve ‘placing importance on customers’ unless the company first places importance on employees.” There have recently been calls for reforms to ways of working,
and this concept is one of the initiatives that we have been focusing on the most in this regard.
“Putting employees first” to achieve “customers come first”
What does it mean to “place importance on customers”? We believe that “truly friendly service” refers to employees carefully listening to the wishes of customers, and recommending products that meet the needs of the customers. Some aspects of value and service and can only be provided when there is mediation by “humans.” In order to realize this, it is necessary to first of all create environments in which employees can work with enjoyment and vitality. In order to show how we have created these types of environments, we would like to introduce some numbers that show the status of K’s Denki employees and our initiatives in this regard.
Percentage of regular vs. non-regular employees
%
Health Management Declaration
Our group has a “company creed” that serves as conduct guidelines for the implementation of the corporate philosophy of our group, and among these is the item, “Today, let’s work with enjoyment in good health.” This item is part of the conduct guidelines that our founder Kaoru Kato created for employees about 50 years ago while expanding our stores. Our company’s sincere desire for employees to be in good health has not changed at all from the time of our founding up to today.
When employees are mentally and physically healthy, they are able to deliver their highest level of performance, and this leads to the growth and development of the company. Furthermore, this helps us to fulfill our social responsibility of enriching the lives of all stakeholders, including employees and their family members, customers, business partners, and shareholders, through the sale of consumer electronics.
We believe that in order to achieve this, it is of the utmost importance for our company to protect the health of employees based on our management policy of “first placing importance on employees.” Thus, going forward, we shall proactively promote initiatives aimed at maintaining and improving the health of employees, and endeavor to create a company where employees can work with enjoyment in good health.
               Health Management Supervisor
 Representative Director, President, and Executive Officer
     Regular employees
433
Health management promotion structure
Employees and their family members
Initiatives regarding health management
● Initiatives to enable employees to work “without overdoing it”
Collaboration
● Health check-ups and mental health
 ・Implementing measures to help employees who have taken leave due to mental health problems return to workplaces, such as offering use of external rework facilities, conducting in-house interviews, and offering shortened working hours
● Measures against COVID-19
44
Percentage of
%
   Non-regular employees
3-year turnover rate
Paid-holiday utilization rate
56
(As of September 21, 2021)
17 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021 18
female employees
%%% 13 46
*Figures as of end of March 2021
   %
Percentage of female managers
   Average annual salary
5.65 million yen
○ Creating environments without sales quotas
○ Health check-ups
 ・Developing environments in which products can be suggested after carefully listening to customers
 ・Aiming for 100% rate of receiving regular health check-ups  ・Recommending receiving of secondary health check-ups  ・Implementing health guidance for persons requiring follow-ups ○ Mental health
○ Promoting utilization of paid holidays and taking of consecutive holidays
 ・Encouraging taking of five or more consecutive days of paid leave, etc.
○ Eliminating long work hours
・Having Personnel Department remind supervisors regarding status of overtime, improving sales operations, carrying out educational activities on eliminating long work hours and unpaid overtime work, and implementing training for managers
 ・Providing in-house consultation counters on mental health  ・Implementing stress checks at offices with 50 or more people
○ Introduction of “work interval system”
 ・Ensuring that all employees have an uninterrupted break time of at least 10 hours between one work shift and the next
Health insurance associations
Industrial physicians
 Health Management Promotion Supervisor
Chief of Administration Division
   Number of consumer electronics
advisors
4,487
Number of persons with disabilities employed
  364
Number of employees
15,554
   Average age of employees
 40.3
Average number of years
of service
14.6
   ● Educational activities
○ Distributing information regarding health
○ Providing special holidays for vaccination days
 ・Using in-house intranet to distribute information regarding health topics such as heat-stroke countermeasures, diet, and sleep
 ・Providing three-day special holidays to all employees for vaccination days and potential vaccine reactions
○ Promoting exercise
○ Initiatives giving priority to employee vaccinations over store operations
 ・Implementing radio calisthenics, which is said to be good for health, prior to store opening (optional participation)
● Other support
 ・Shortening business hours or temporarily closing if it is difficult to secure personnel due to vaccinations and related reactions
 ・Raising awareness regarding proactive use of stairs
○ Measures to prevent spread
 ・Regularly implementing employee-sale campaigns regarding health devices such as fitness equipment and blood pressure monitors
to stores
 ・Installing plastic curtains and partitions that block airborne
○ Measures to protect against influenza
droplets
 ・Carrying out ventilation on regular basis
 ・Providing subsidies to employees who have received influenza vaccination
○ Initiatives regarding quitting smoking
 ・In order to promote quitting smoking, providing “award for quitting smoking” and monetary gift to employees who have quit smoking  ・Displaying posters that raise awareness regarding quitting smoking
Health Management Promotion Manager
 Personnel Department
General Affairs Department
Labor union
Head Committee
 ・Thoroughly taking of measures by employees to prevent spread based on “Guidelines on Preventing the Spread of COVID-19 at Consumer Electronics Mass Retailers”
 ○ Employee sales of health devices
 ・Performing health checks on employees each day  ・Distributing masks to all employees, and providing hand sanitizer

 ● Creating environments without quotas and overtime work
It is not possible for us to provide “truly friendly
service” to customers unless our employees are
able to work with enjoyment and vitality. As such, we do not have quotas. Although our employees strive for the achievement of targets, these are not quotas. If there are quotas, there is chance that various methods will end up being used to try to sell customers products that they do not need. This is harmful to customers, and it dissuades customers from wanting to continue using K’s Denki. Thus, the most important thing is to first of all make it possible for employees to work with enjoyment and smiles.
Part of this is creating environments without overtime work. The bedrock of this type of approach is “Gambaranai Keiei.” Things that can be done tomorrow should not be done today. We believe that doing overtime work in order to receive good results in the short term is meaningless in the context of business management, which is never-ending.


● Promoting utilization of paid holidays and taking of consecutive holidays
K’s Denki makes efforts to promote the utilization
of paid holidays and taking of consecutive
holidays. Employees are thus proactively encouraged to take five consecutive days of paid leave.
● Approach regarding personnel expenses
For K’s Denki, the most important thing is our employees. In order to get excellent human resources to join K’s Denki and continue to work at K’s Denki for a long time, we do our best to provide ample wages and employee benefits. As such, we proactively make improvements to labor conditions, including wages and employee benefits.

● Supporting child-rearing
In 2017, we acquired “Platinum Kurumin” certification as a company that
is proactively engaging in support for child-rearing. Furthermore, we
acquired certification for “Eruboshi (the highest ranking),” and we were
the first consumer electronics mass retailer to do so. This certification commends the active participation of women. Furthermore, in 2018, we opened an in-company nursery called “K’s & Lily Nursery.” Going forward, we will continue to develop environments where employees can work with peace of mind.

● Support for nursing care
K’s Denki has a nursing-care leave system that
makes it possible for employees to take leaves for
fixed periods of time in order to provide nursing
care to loved ones while continuing to work, or while staying enrolled at the company. With the aging of the population progressing in Japan, this will continue to be one of our most important systems.

● Introduction of “work interval system”
We have introduced a “work interval system” in
which an interval of at least 10 hours is set
between one work shift and the next. We believe
that this system is needed in order to protect the health of employees.

● System for supporting acquisition of qualifications
We have a support system for the acquisition of qualifications that can be utilized for sales, such as
“Home Appliance Advisor Certification.” We proactively support this through activities such as partially subsidizing study materials for exam-taking, and paying special allowances after the acquisition of qualifications.

● Proactive appointing of younger employees to leadership positions
We provide even younger employees opportunities
to take on the challenge of serving in managerial
posts, and thus some of our employees have become store managers and headquarters section chiefs while in their 30s.

● Initiatives of K’s Career Staff
The K’s Denki subsidiary K’s Career Staff engages in the temporary-staffing business. Recently, there are many employees who have a lot of physical strength for work
and are highly motivated even at the age of 65 and over. In order to make it possible for people to reapply the high-level skills that they have developed through their experience at K’s Denki, K’s Career Staff recruits general temporary workers, and proactively provides K’s Denki employees who are age 65 and over with opportunities to once again actively participate in work activities.

● Health management and mental health
   Our company implements health
examinations and complete medical
checkups once a year. In addition, the supervisors of our offices with 50 employees or more acquire “health supervisor” certification and carry out checks regarding mental health.

● Initiatives for promoting hiring of persons with disabilities
Our company proactively works for the
hiring, and continuous employment of
persons with disabilities, and we assign workplaces, work content, and so on taking into consideration the characteristics of each individual.

● Promoting active participation of women
K’s Denki has training for the promotion of the active participation of women. This training targets female managerial candidates, and the lecturers
are female store managers. Frank discussions are held on topics such as work-related struggles and concerns, and consideration is given to approaches to work during different life stages. Thus, an effort is made to help participants eliminate their fears regarding the future and progress toward their goals.

● Development of stores with few level differences
We believe that stores that make it possible to do
all shopping at a first-floor sales floor are ideal. We strive to avoid making customers use escalators to search for prod- ucts. Furthermore, we try to minimize level differences inside our stores in order to make shopping smoother for custom- ers using shopping cards, wheelchairs, and so on.

● Provision of wheelchairs
Near the entrances of our stores, we provide wheel- chairs that all customers can use.

● Provision of AED
We provide automated exter-nal defibrillators (AED) near the entrances of our stores. Our employees learn how to use these during their training on firefighting, etc.

● Installation of accessible toilets As much as possible, we design our stores
with the installation of accessible toilets.

● Four specified items
In accordance with the Home Appliance Recycling Act, when we receive the “four specified items” televisions, refrigerators, washing machines, and air conditioners from customers, we collect a recycling collection and transportation fee from the customers, and then take responsibility for appropriately handing over the items to manufacturers for recycling.

● Recycling of small-consumer electronics
In accordance with the Small-Home
Appliance Recycling Act, when we receive used waste consumer electronics from customers that are other than the “four specified items,” we collect a disposal fee from the customers and appropriately hand them over to a state-certified recycling business operator for recycling. Even though small-consumer electronics contain large amounts of rare metals such as gold, silver, and copper, most of the time only their iron and aluminum are recycled and they are disposed of in landfills. Thus, we support the recycling of small-consumer electronics in order to help reduce landfill shortages and achieve the steady supply of rare metals.

● Addressing problem of plastic garbage
We have been progressively switching our (fee-based) plastic-shopping bags to ones that are made from biomass. The problem of plastic garbage such as shopping bags is not only polluting ocean environments, but also causing global warming. In order to prevent environmental pollution and global warming, on July 1, 2020, we ended the free-of-charge provision of shopping bags (made of plastic), and started offering plastic-shopping bags to customers who need them for a fee.

● Collection of compact rechargeable batteries and button batteries
As an initiative to protect human health and the environment from mercury, we participate in the Battery Association of Japan as a collection-supporting establishment for the collection of button batteries that
Volume collected Number of stores contain trace amounts of mercury. Furthermore, based on the Act on the Promotion of Effective Utilization of Resources, we carry out the collection of used compact rechargeable batteries. We have garnered praise for these initiatives, and have received commendations from JBRC for six consecutive years (starting in 2015).

● Collection of used cell phones
Our company collects used cell phones. Cell phones
contain large amounts of rare metals such as gold,
silver, and copper, so we promote collecting and recycling them in order to achieve the effective use of resources. Furthermore, as part of our measures for the protection of personal information, when collecting cell phones in person, we thoroughly check to make sure that there is no physical damage, the data has been erased, and so on.

● Collection of used ink cartridges
We support initiatives related to “Ecorica” recyclable ink cartridges in which ink cartridges that customers have finished using are collected, cleaned and refilled with ink at factories, and then once again sold as products at stores. Ecorica collection boxes are installed at our stores for this purpose.

● Logistics integration and participation in White Logistics Movement
We have been working to achieve logistics integration through the joint operation of logistics with Nittsu NP Logistics. This involves consolidating products from manufacturers at a single location, dividing them for each store, and then delivering them to stores after loading them onto trucks. This is effective both for reducing costs and for reducing CO2 emissions. We also participate in the White Logistics Movement, and are aiming to further increase the efficiency of our logistics.

● Mito City Environmental Fair
Our company participated in the “Mito City Environmental Fair 2019,” which was held in Mito City in 2019, and we provided the citizens of Mito with information on promoting switching to LED lightbulbs, and held a free-of-charge environmental quiz rally event.

     Contributing to society
We at the K’s Denki Group recognize the importance of coexisting with local communities, so we carry out activities in various regions,
such as participating in events and sponsoring sports projects.
Donation and support activities
Great East Japan Earthquake reconstruction-support activities
  2011July
 We donated 1,500 electric fans to persons living in temporary housing and damaged housing.OctoberSome customers faced the problem of not being able to purchase consumer electronics because there were no consumer electronics mass retailers nearby. In order to provide support to such customers, we carried out sales using transport trucks in Rikuzentakata
City and Minamisanriku- cho.
 2012JulyWe donated a complete set of consumer electronics that were needed at “Tenohira ni Taiyo no Ie,” a symbiosis house that supports children affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake.2012 to 2014As part of our reconstruction-support activities targeting persons affected by the earthquake disaster, we implement- ed a “consultation service for problems regarding consumer electronics products” at temporary housing in various regions. From 2012 to 2014, we provided this consultation service 66 times (for 9,824 households). We provided advice on the use of consumer
electronics products to affected persons, and, on a voluntary basis and as a store, we carried out inspections, cleaning, repairs, and so on regard- ing malfunctioning consumer electronics.
  2021MarchMarking 10 years after the occurrence of the earthquake, we gave donations totaling 150 million yen (50 million yen per prefecture) to Iwate Prefecture, Miyagi Prefecture, and Fukushima Prefecture.
   Promotion of sports
K’s Denki Stadium Mito Naming rights
In 2009, we at K’s Denki acquired the naming rights for an athletics stadium in Mito City. This stadium is named “K’s Denki Stadium Mito,” and it hosts various sports such as soccer, rugby, and track & field. By supporting sports promotion, we hope to contribute to the sound development of young persons.
Official sponsor of Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles
We have been serving as an official sponsor of the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles of the Pacific League since 2005.
Top partner of Mito HollyHock
We have been serving as a top partner of the Mito HollyHock of the J2 League soccer league since 2001. We also support the “K’s Denki Kids Passport,” which makes it possible for children of elementary school
age and below residing in Ibaraki Prefecture to attend home games throughout the year free of charge. This helps support sports promotion regarding children in this region.
“Platinum Sponsor” of Ibaraki Robots
We had been serving as a “Bronze Sponsor” of the Ibaraki Robots of the B League professional basketball league since 2019, and became a “Platinum
Sponsor” in the 2021 season.
Professional basketball leagues were only started recently in Japan. Thus, we hope that this sponsorship will help promote the popularity of the league overall.
Official sponsor of Kamatamare Sanuki
We have been serving as an offi- cial sponsor of the Kamatamare Sanuki of the J3 League soccer league since 2011.
Donations to Japanese Red Cross Society
We have been donating to the Ibaraki Prefecture Branch of the Jap- anese Red Cross Society each year since 2018. The donation money goes toward the development of nurseries, disaster-relief vehicles, disaster-relief materi-als, and so on.
Support for childrearing and elderly persons in regions
We participate in systems that make it possible for households with an expecting mother or children to receive hospitality services, such as “Ibaraki Kids Club” in Ibaraki Prefecture, “Guichichoki Passport” in Gunma Prefecture, “Tochigi Smile Tsugitsugi Card” in Tochigi Pre- fecture, and “Dad and Mom Support Shop Courtesy Card” in Saita- ma Prefecture. Furthermore, we participate in systems that make it possible for elderly persons to receive hospitality plans, such as “Ibaraki Senior Card” in
Ibaraki Prefecture.
We have been giving donations to the Japanese Red Cross Society consisting of the K’s Denki-original dry-cell batteries (made by Maxell, Ltd.) that our company sells, and portions of our proceeds from LED light bulbs (made by Asahi Electric Co., Ltd.). (The donations of dry-cell batteries started in June 2021, and the donations of proceeds from LED light bulbs started in Septem- ber 2021.)
Blood-donation cooperation activities
We carry out cooperation activities related to blood-donation activities, and this includes regularly providing employees with informa- tion on blood-donation locations, and encour- aging them to go, etc.
Reference: “MEET Blood Donation Room,” Mito City, Ibaraki Prefecture
                      31 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021 32

    Compliance
We at the K’s Denki Group place a focus on complying with the laws and ordinances that apply to us. We endeavor to promote sound business activities by maintaining good relationships with our business partners and all of our other stakeholders.
In-company compliance and risk management
Compliance Committee
Our group has created a “Compliance Statement and System” and “Group Compliance Regulations.” Furthermore, we regu- larly convene meetings of our Group Compliance Committee, which is chaired by a K’s Denki director, and strive to thor- oughly comply with laws and ordinances throughout our group based on the reporting and sharing of specific cases.
Whistle-blowing system
Our group has a whistle-blowing system. We have created “Group Whistle-blowing Regulations” and have set up a whistle-blowing system regarding actions in violation of our organization and laws and ordinances, and based on this, we strive to reduce and correct such actions. Our Group Compliance Committee performs fact-finding investiga- tions, and if it is found that illegal actions, etc. are being carried out, orders are promptly given to cease such actions. Furthermore, our system ensures that whistle-blowers are protected from disadvantageous treatment.
Responding to disasters
Our group has created a “Disaster Risk Management Manual.” Disasters can occur anywhere at any time. In order to make preparations in this regard, we have established guidelines for action during disasters such as earthquakes, fires, and wind and flood damage, and in the guidelines, we give top priority to ensuring the safety of customers and employees. Our employees follow our manual in order to swiftly carry out actions including reporting, evacuating, and giving guidance. Furthermore, as an emergency measure, we stockpile items at our stores such as relief supplies, restoration operation supplies, beverages, food products, and clothing.
Seeking to create value with business partners based on “Declaration on Partnership Building”
We at K’s Denki hereby declare that we shall work on the following items in a focused manner in order to build new partnerships, and that we shall do so based on promoting collaboration and prosperous coexistences with business partners of supply chains, and business operators that are working to create value. September 21, 2021
● 1. Prosperous coexistences throughout supply chains, and new collaborations beyond usual company sizes, affiliations, etc. Based on giving encouragement to our more distant business partners via our direct business partners (from “Tier N” to “Tier N+1”), we shall work on boosting added
value throughout supply chains, and seek to build prosperous coexistences with business partners through collaborations that go beyond the usual limitations regarding existing business relationships, company sizes, and so on. While doing so, we shall provide support to business partners that includes giving advice on the introduction of telework and formulation of business continuity plans (BCP) based on the perspectives of maintaining business continuity during disasters and so on, and reforming ways of working.
(Individual item) Going forward, we shall substantially contribute to society and bring about “harmony” through sound business activities with our business partners.
● 2. Upholding “promotion standards”
We shall uphold preferred trade practices with large procuring enterprises and subcontractors (“promotion standards” based on the Act on the Promotion of
Subcontracting Small and Medium-sized Enterprises), and shall proactively work on correcting trade practices and business practices that hinder partnership building with business partners.
Observing laws and ordinances related to consumer electronics retail business
Fair transactions with business partners
We at K’s Denki believe that in order to realize the principle of “customers first,” it is important to have good relationships with business partners. Maintaining good rela- tionships with business partners makes it possible to steadily provide customers with excellent products, and offer product delivery and installation services that are pleasing to customers. As such, we place a particular focus on prohibiting “abuse of dominant bargaining position,” which is prohibited as a type of unfair transaction method accord- ing to the Antimonopoly Act, and observing the “Subcontracting Act.”
Management of personal information
On a day-to-day basis, our company handles the personal information of large numbers
of customers in situations such as carrying out reception work regarding the delivery
and installation of products, and registering customer information for purchases of
products eligible for long-term free repair guarantees. Furthermore, since our number
of K’s Denki Anshin Passport members has reached approximately 43 million (as of the
end of March 2021), the management of personal information is one of our extremely
important initiatives. In light of this, we have established “Regulations on the Handling
of Personal Information,” and, based on our “Manual on Operations Involving the Han-
dling of Personal Information,” we strive to carry out thorough management in order to
ensure that personal information is only used for the intended purposes, is managed
appropriately, and so on. In the unlikely event that personal information has been leaked, we have a system in place for prompt reporting in accordance with the stipulations of our Personal Information Protection Committee.
Non-retention of credit card information
Since consumer electronics have relatively high unit prices, the percentage of payments made by credit card has been increasing each year. Thus, our company has introduced a computer system that accommodates the non-retention of credit card information. Furthermore, our e-commerce website also has a system in which credit card information is not retained.
Membership in Home Electric Appliances Fair Trade Conference
          Our company is a member of the Home Electric Applianc- es Fair Trade Conference. Based on observing the fair competition code set forth by this organization, we have eliminated incorrect information, exaggerated advertising, unclear price displays, and so on, and aim to provide an environment in which customers can purchase consumer electronics with peace of mind.
As a member of the Home Electric Appliances Fair Trade Conference, K s Denki is
an establishment that promotes suitable displays.
  Based on the rules of the Home Electric Appliances Fair Trade Conference, which have been certified by the Consumer Affairs Agency and
Japan Fair Trade Commission, K s Denki
promotes suitable displays regarding prices and product descriptions, etc.
Suitable displays Member of Home Electric Appliances Fair Trade Conference
     (i) Method for determining prices
We shall not make unreasonable demands for cost reductions. When deciding compensation for transactions, we shall engage in sufficient discussions in order to ensure that there are appropriate profits for subcontractors, and this shall include holding discussions with subcontractors whenever requested to do so, and considering the effects of labor-cost increases. When concluding contracts that include the deciding of compensation for transactions, we shall ask for the relevant large procuring enterprises to carry out the specification and delivery of the terms of such contracts in writing or some other form.
(ii) Terms of payment regarding promissory notes, etc.
Whenever possible, subcontract payments shall be made in cash. In the case of paying with promissory notes, we shall not have subcontractors cover discounts and so on, and we shall endeavor to make the payment term 60 days or less.
(iii) Intellectual property and know-how
We shall carry out transactions based on guidelines regarding intellectual property transactions and contract templates, and we shall not engage in acts such as demanding the conclusion of one-sided non-disclosure agreements, using our trading position to ask for the disclosure of know-how, or requesting the voluntary conveyance of intellectual property rights.
(iv) Shifts accompanying reforms to ways of working, etc.
In order to enable business partners to carry out reforms to ways of working, when working with subcontractors, we shall not place quick-delivery orders or rapidly change specifications without appropriately covering the relevant costs. Whenever there are disasters and so on, we shall not one-sidedly place transaction-related burdens on subcontractors, and during business resumption and so on, we shall take a conscientious approach that shall include continuing business relationships as much as possible.
 ● 3. Other (voluntary statement)
Based on outstanding trusting relationships with our business partners, we shall not make unfair or unreasonable requests to business partners, and we shall carry out requests and negotiations in a rational manner based on data, market rates, and so on.
Recycling laws and disposal of information devices
In accordance with the Home Appliance Recycling Act, when we receive the “four specified items” televisions, refrigerators, washing machines, and air conditioners from customers, we collect a recycling collection and transportation fee from the customers, and then take responsibility for appropriately handing over the items to manufacturers for recycling. Further- more, in accordance with the Small-Home Appliance Recycling Act, when we receive used waste consumer electronics from customers that are other than the “four specified items,” we collect a disposal fee from the customers and appropriately hand them over to a state-certified recycling business operator for recycling. We carry out operations with particularly strong management in the case of computers, and this includes transporting computers in containers that can be locked.
Qualifications, etc. required for store operation
A wide range of qualifications are needed for the operation of stores, and these include “secondhand dealer,” “fire preven- tion manager based on Fire Services Act,” “seller of medical devices,” and “class-2 health officer.” We carry out appropriate management to ensure that all the necessary qualifications have been acquired.
33 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021 34
   Capital policy, financial strategy, and dividend policy
We at K’s Denki hold a financial results briefing each quarter in line with our Disclosure Policy, and proactively engage in dialogues with investors in Japan and overseas. As for information disclosure, we observe the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, Tokyo Stock Exchange timely disclosure rules, and fair disclosure rules, and make an effort to proactively carry out disclosure by appropriately posting summaries of financial statements, financial result briefing materials, other IR materials, and so forth on the K’s Denki website.
Trend regarding dividend payout ratio and dividend yield
 We have set forth the targets of a consolidated dividend payout ratio of 30% and an ROE of 10%, and will execute stable dividends and a flexible capital policy going forward.
Capital policy in Medium-term Management Plan Trend regarding market capitalization of K’s Holdings
427
299 240
2,927
3,827 1,500 1,000 1,500 3,246
3,881
7,000 15,711 8,095
351
405 345
6,973
8,894 4,208 2,057 4,624 9,999
7,999
8,018 18,780 11,219
*2
Yen 1988/9 3.75 1989/9 3.00 1990/3 1.60 1991/3 3.00 1992/3 3.75 1993/3 3.75 1994/3 3.75 1995/3 4.25 1996/3 4.50 1997/3 4.50 1998/3 4.50 1999/3 4.50 2000/3 5.00 2001/3 6.25 2002/3 5.00 2003/3 5.00 2004/3 5.00 2005/3 5.00 2006/3 5.00 2007/3 7.50
2008/3 7.50
2009/3 7.50 2010/3 7.50 2011/3 11.25 2012/3 15.00 2013/3 15.00 2014/3 17.50 2015/3 17.50 2016/3 20.00
2017/3 27.50
2018/3 31.50 2019/3 30.00 2020/3 30.00
2021/3 40.00
1:1.3
1:1.1 1:1.1
1:1.2
1:1.2 1:1.2
1:1.2
1:2 1:2
Term
Dividend per share
Dividend payout ratio
% 21.2 18.6 15.5 17.6 -231.1 141.0 33.7 28.2 23.7 36.9 67.1 21.0 15.5 18.6 14.5 18.0 13.4 12.3 12.4 18.5
17.0
13.8 8.9 10.7 13.7 24.0 21.1 24.0 24.6
27.4
28.5 29.1 31.2
21.9
Year-end Dividend Net income stock price yield per share
Yen % Yen 500 0.75 18.23 455 0.66 16.10 638 0.25 10.30 630 0.48 17.22 448 0.84 -1.62 310 1.21 2.66 638 0.59 11.14 460 0.92 15.10 475 0.95 18.97 243 1.86 12.18 120 3.75 6.71 420 1.07 21.45 633 0.79 32.21 425 1.47 33.66 324 1.54 34.45 350 1.43 27.76 703 0.71 37.36 691 0.72 40.78 860 0.58 40.48 785 0.96 40.53
497 1.51 44.20
330 2.27 54.53 574 1.31 83.92 600 1.88 104.99 667 2.25 109.32 751 2.00 62.40 717 2.44 82.87 971 1.80 72.85 933 2.14 81.16
1,021 2.69 100.28
1,471 2.14 110.63 982 3.05 103.13 1,023 2.93 96.22
1,521 2.63 182.66
Stock split
Thousandshares Millionyen 1:1.2
*1 *1 *1
  K’ s Holdings market capitalization
Consumption tax increase of 5% → 8%
TOPIX
Market capitalization (million yen)
Home Appliance Eco-Point System
350,000 300,000 250,000 200,000 150,000 100,000
50,000
2008/3 2009/3 2010/3 2011/3 2012/3 2013/3 2014/3 2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3 2019/3 2020/3 2021/3
Extensive shareholder special benefit plan
Consumption tax increase of 8% → 10%
TOPIX (points)
       3,500 3,000 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000 500
*1 In the case of dividend per share, year-end stock price, and net income per share, the stock split in April 2018 is taken into consideration. *2 The calculations are based on consolidated profit starting from the year ended March 1992.
  Shareholder return ratio
● Aiming for consolidated dividend payout ratio of 30%, and taking action to realize this
(Takes into consideration 1:2 stock split on April 1, 2018)
  The tickets can be used even in the case of purchases under 1,000 yen. Up to 32 tickets (worth 32,000 yen) can be used per purchase. The tickets can be used at all K’s Denki stores.
The tickets can also be used to pay for work fees, repair and parts expenses, and so on. *The tickets can only be used at stores.
Shareholders eligible for “special benefit plan in accordance with holding period,” and application-start date for changes
Shareholders are eligible if they are listed or recorded on the shareholder list (which has the reference dates of March 31 and September 30 each year), for three or more consecutive times under the same shareholder number. The first application-start date for changes to the shareholder list shall be March 31, 2021. *The complimentary tickets cannot be exchanged for cash, transferred, or traded. *The tickets can be used as a form of payment at all stores of K’s Denki Group. *The tickets can only be used to make payments at stores. *K’ s Denki does not accept or carry out procedures related to stock trading and so on. *To receive the shareholder special benefits, it is necessary to be a shareholder on the K’ s Denki shareholder list and have 100 or more shares on a reference date (last day of March and last day of September). *The above content is not for the purpose of soliciting investment. K’ s Denki does not bear responsibility regarding the outcomes of investment decisions by individuals.
Trend regarding dividend 27.4%
28.5%
31.5 yen for year 16.5 yen
15 yen
2018/3
29.1%
30 yen for year 15 yen
15 yen
2019/3
31.2%
30 yen for year 15 yen
15 yen
2020/3
40 yen for year
  per share and dividend payout ratio
Dividend per share (interim)
Dividend per share (end of term)
Dividend payout ratio
21.9%
  1 ticket 3 tickets 5 tickets 10 tickets 20 tickets 30 tickets
27.5 yen for year 15 yen
12.5 yen
2017/3
25 yen
15 yen
2021/3
50.6%
2021/3
    ● Implementation of flexible treasury stock acquisition
117.8% 62.8%
2020/3
Total dividend amount, and amount of
treasury stock acquisition and total return ratio
Amount of dividend payment
Amount of treasury stock acquisition
Total return ratio
66.9%
2017/3
28.5%
 2018/3
2019/3
 35 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021 36
  Stock buy-back
 Stock registered for over-the-counter trading
Resolution for stock buy-back in June 2003
Remarks
  Irregular period with 6 months 11 days
  Business merger (Tohoku K’s)
     Recession
 Change of trade name and shop name
 Resolution for stock buy-back in April 1998 and July 1998
  Shares listed on the Second Section of the TSE
 Shares listed on the First Section of the TSE, resolution for stock buy-back in February
   Business merger (GIGAS, Kansai)
 Business merger (BIG•S)
 Business merger (Hokuetsu), subsidiary establishment (Kyushu)
 Business merger (Denkodo), resolution for stock buy-back in November 2007 and March
   Resolution for stock buy-back in August 2010 and February
 Start of interim dividend, resolution for stock buy-back in February 2012
 Resolution for stock buy-back in November 2012
 Resolution for stock buy-back in October 2013
 Resolution for stock buy-back in December 2014
  Implementation of stock split in June 2016
 Resolution for stock buy-back in November 2016
 Cancelation of 10 million shares of treasury stock at end of March 2017
  Resolution for stock buy-back in November 2018
 Resolution for stock buy-back in August 2019 and February 2020
 Resolution for stock buy-back in February 2020 and December 2020
 Cancelation of 10,463,000 shares of treasury stock at end of March 2021
 Target of consolidated dividend payout ratio of 30%
Striving for steady income and profit increases, and aiming for stable dividends
Execution of flexible capital policy
Boosting capital efficiency and responding to changes to business environment
  Inauguration of President Trump: 1/21
Spread of infectious disease COVID-19
Decision for additional monetary easing: 10/31
Decision to hold 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo: September
Abenomics: December onward
Stop of analog broadcasting: 7/24
Great East Japan Earthquake: 3/11
Lehman shock: 9/15
 見   本
Ticket value
  Reference date
1,000 yen
   Expiration date
End of March
End of September
   Late June to end of December
Early December to end of June
   100 shares or more
100 shares or more
  Special benefit plan in accordance with number of shares
500 shares or more
1 ticket 3 tickets 5 tickets 10 tickets 20 tickets 30 tickets
500 shares or more
  1,000 shares or more
1,000 shares or more
  3,000 shares or more
3,000 shares or more
  6,000 shares or more
6,000 shares or more
  10,000 shares or more
10,000 shares or more
   Special benefit plan in accordance with holding period Requirement: Continuous holding for one year or more (Listing on shareholder
list for three or more consecutive times)
100 to less than 1,000 shares
Addition of 1 ticket
100 to less than 1,000 shares
Addition of 1 ticket
  1,000 shares or more
Addition of 2 tickets
1,000 shares or more
Addition of 2 tickets
 
   Financial highlights
        Consolidated profit and loss summary
Sales
Gross profit
2012/3
726,015 171,447
2013/3
637,497 150,386
2014/3
701,198 166,551
2015/3       2016/3
637,194       644,181 161,142       169,267
2017/3
658,150 179,913
2018/3
679,132 191,632
2019/3
689,125 193,786
2020/3
708,222 199,888
(Unit: million yen)
2021/3
792,542 231,166
                   Selling, general and administrative expense
  137,361
 133,887
 142,913
 142,603
  147,522
 154,299
 160,868
 161,064
 166,899
 179,428
 Personnel expenses
 50,076
 50,426
 53,559
 52,145
  53,299
 55,706
 57,714
 57,356
 59,509
 67,706
 Advertising expenses
 16,313
 14,373
 14,330
 14,131
  14,064
 14,056
 15,241
 14,744
 13,834
 9,858
 Land rent
 20,121
 21,201
 22,503
 23,560
  24,512
 25,727
 26,964
 27,431
 27,982
 29,080
 Depreciation expenses
 11,748
 12,154
 12,500
 13,071
  13,983
 14,748
 14,662
 14,067
 13,707
 14,039
 Provision for product warranties
 2,443
 2,540
 3,137
 3,443
  4,160
 4,513
 4,515
 4,816
 5,802
 7,667
 Other
 36,658
 33,190
 36,881
 36,250
  37,501
 39,547
 41,770
 42,647
 46,062
 51,076
 Operating income
 34,086
 16,498
 23,638
 18,539
  21,744
 25,613
 30,764
 32,722
 32,989
 51,737
 Ordinary income
 42,123
 23,396
 31,494
 25,849
  28,614
 32,108
 36,661
 38,539
 37,040
 56,747
Current net income attributable to owners of parent
  23,754
 13,265
 17,493
 15,030
  16,305
 20,154
 22,706
 23,807
 21,525
 38,734
Consolidated financial summary Consolidated cash flow
Financial indicators
 Amount of net assets
 145,315
 154,415
 166,965
 171,176
  185,951
 195,414
 242,360
 255,782
 252,421
 275,380
 Total assets
 338,024
 355,887
 374,393
 391,560
  385,713
 397,574
 403,658
 410,156
 389,512
 427,962
  Cash flow from operating activities
 14,123
 18,602
 55,585
 -432
  43,542
 26,689
 37,483
 25,206
 60,016
 56,589
 Cash flow from investing activities
 -18,274
 -17,840
 -17,972
 -20,527
  -17,588
 -16,266
 -10,901
 -7,292
 -11,607
 -19,155
 Cash flow from financing activities
 3,075
 499
 -37,403
 31,672
  -39,418
 -11,025
 -24,872
 -16,574
 -45,330
 -23,067
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of term
 9,316
 10,568
 10,782
 21,495
  8,150
 7,503
 9,212
 10,551
 13,629
 27,995
  Capital adequacy ratio (%)
 42.6
 43.1
 44.3
 43.4
  47.9
 48.9
 59.8
 62.1
 64.6
 64.2
 Annual dividend per share (yen) *1
 15.00
 15.00
 17.50
 17.50
  20.00
 27.50
 31.50
 30.00
 30.00
 40.00
 Consolidated dividend payout ratio (%)
 13.7
 24.0
 21.1
 24.0
  24.6
 27.4
 28.5
 29.1
 31.2
 21.9
 Net assets per share (yen) *1
 674.76
 727.67
 796.51
 854.77
  913.33
 986.81
 1,050.63
 1,118.75
 1,182.52
 1,333.13
 Current net income per share (yen) *1
 109.32
 62.40
 82.86
 72.85
  81.16
 100.28
 110.63
 103.13
 96.22
 182.66
 Return on shareholders’ equity (%)
 17.6
 8.9
 11.0
 9.0
  9.2
 10.6
 10.4
 9.6
 8.5
 14.7
Total outstanding shares issued at end of term (including treasury stock) (thousand shares)
  61,026
 61,026
 61,026
 61,026
  61,026
 112,053
 115,976
 235,463
 235,463
 225,000
 Stock price at end of term (yen) *1
 667
 751.25
 717.25
 971.25
  932.5
 1,021
 1,471
 982
 1,023
 1,521
Market capitalization at end of term (million yen)
  162,819
 183,385
 175,085
 237,088
  227,629
 228,813
 341,203
 231,224
 240,878
 342,225
 Price-to-book value ratio (factor) *2
 0.99
 1.03
 0.90
 1.14
  1.02
 1.03
 1.40
 0.88
 0.87
 1.14
 Price-earnings ratio (factor) *2
 6.10
 12.04
 8.66
 13.33
  11.49
 10.18
 13.30
 9.52
 10.63
 8.33
 *1 Value with adjustment for stock split  *2 Value based on stock price at end of term
37 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021 38

    Corporate governance
K’s Denki switched from being a company with board of company auditors to being a company with an audit and supervisory committee in June 2019. This company organization was adopted with the aims of putting in place a system that makes it possible to flexibly respond to changes
to the business environment, and strengthening the supervisory functions of the Board of Directors based on diversified perspectives.
❶ Representative Director, President, and Executive Officer
Tadashi Hiramoto
❷ Director, Senior Executive Vice President, and Product Division Manager
Kazuyoshi Suzuki
❸ Director, Managing Executive Officer, and Chief of Sales Division
Naoto Osaka
  Born November 6, 1958
Born April 19, 1961
Born January 30, 1973
  Introduction of officers Skill matrix of officers
❹ Director, Managing Executive Officer, and Chief of Planning and Development Division & Head of Planning Department
Keiichi Mizuno
❺ Director, Managing Executive Officer, and Chief of Administration Division
Yuji Yoshihara
❻ Director, Senior Executive Officer, and Chief of
Corporate Planning Division & Head of Corporate Planning Office
Taro Mizutani
April 1983 April 1995 June 1995 June 2003 June 2006
April 2017 June 2017
April 2018 June 2020
Joined K’s Denki
Head of General Planning Department Director
Managing Director
Senior Managing Director and Chief of Planning and Development Division & Head of Planning Department
Senior Managing Director and Chief of Planning and Development Division Representative Director and President & Chief of Planning and Development Division
Representative Director and President Representative Director, President, and Executive Officer (present post)
April 1984 April 2008 July 2009 June 2011 April 2012
June 2013
April 2016 April 2017 June 2017 April 2018 June 2018
June 2019 June 2020 April 2021 June 2021
Joined K’s Denki
Head of Sales Planning Department, Sales Division Executive Officer
Director
Director and Deputy Chief of Sales & Head of Sales Planning Department Director and Chief of Sales Division & Head of Sales Planning Department Director and Chief of Sales Division Director and Chief of Administration Division Managing Director and Chief of Administration Division Managing Director and Chief of Corporate Planning Division Representative Director and President (present post) & Senior Managing Director and Chief of Corporate Planning Division, K’s Career Staff Co., Ltd. Representative Director and Chairman, Technical Arts Co., Ltd. (present post) Director, Senior Managing Officer, and Chief of Corporate Planning Division
Director, Senior Managing Officer, Product Division Manager
Representative Director and President, Technical Arts Co., Ltd. (present post) Director, Senior Executive Vice President, and Product Division Manager (present post)
April 1994 August 1999 June 2004 April 2005 June 2008
June 2009 April 2017 April 2018
June 2020
Joined K’s Denki
Joined BIG•S CO., LTD.
Director, BIG•S
Senior Managing Director, BIG•S Representative Director and President, BIG•S
Director, K’s Denki
Director and Chief of Sales Division Managing Director and Chief of Sales Division
Director, Managing Executive Officer, and Chief of Sales Division (present post)
        Name
Tadashi Hiramoto Kazuyoshi Suzuki Naoto Osaka Keiichi Mizuno Yuji Yoshihara Taro Mizutani Wakako Tokuda Nobuya Hori Hisako Takahashi Hiroyuki Bundo Shinji Hagiwara
Top-level management
○ ○ ○
○
○
Store development
○
○ ○
Sales & marketing
○ ○ ○
○
○ ○
Product procurement &
Labor & personnel
Financial affairs &
Legal affairs & risk
Born March 19, 1963
Born February 8, 1967
Born December 11, 1970
IT &
computer
development management systems accounting management
○○ ○
   ○
○
March 1981 February 2004 April 2008
July 2009 June 2012 June 2016 April 2017
April 2018 June 2018 June 2020
June 2021
Joined Uny Co., Ltd.
Joined K’s Denki
Manager, Development Department, Planning and Development Division Executive Officer and Head of Development Department, Planning and Development Division Director and Head of Development Department, Planning and Development Division
Senior Executive Officer and Head of Development Department, Planning and Development Division Senior Executive Officer and Deputy Chief of Planning and Development Division & Head of Development Department and Head of Planning Department
Senior Executive Officer and Chief of Planning and Development Division & Head of Planning Department Director and Chief of Planning and Development Division & Head of Planning Department Director, Senior Executive Officer, and Chief of Planning and Development Division & Head of Planning Department
Director, Managing Executive Officer, and Chief of Planning and Development Division & Head of Planning Department (present post)
November 1986 December 2009
June 2011 April 2016
April 2018 June 2019 June 2020 June 2021
Joined K’s Denki
Head of Sales Promotion Department, Sales Division
Executive Officer and Head of Sales Promotion Department, Sales Division Executive Officer and Head of Human Resources and General Affairs Department, Administration Division Senior Executive Officer and Chief of Administration Division
Chief of Administration Division and Director
Director, Senior Executive Officer, and Chief of Administration Division
Director, Managing Executive Officer, and Chief of Administration Division (present post)
September 1999 October 2005 August 2013 October 2014 April 2015
November 2015 April 2019
June 2020 April 2021
Joined UI Denki Co., Ltd.
Joined K’s Denki
Registered as certified public accountant Manager, Corporate Planning Office Executive Officer and Manager, Corporate Planning Office
Registered as tax accountant
Senior Executive Officer and Head of Corporate Planning Office, Corporate Planning Division
Director, Senior Executive Officer, and Head of Corporate Planning Office, Corporate Planning Division
Director, Senior Executive Officer, and Chief of Corporate Planning Division & Head of Corporate Planning Office (present post)
○○
○ ○○ ○○ ○
❼
Director
❽ (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
Born July 1, 1962
December 2004 Head of Planning Department, K’s Mobile Systems
Director
❾ (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
Hisako Takahashi
         Outside
July 2018
April 2020
September 2020 Representative Director and COO, Yuko Yuko
Outside
Joined Komiyama Law Office
Full-time Instructor of Social Insurance Labor Consultant Course, TAC Co., Ltd. (present post) Established Takahashi Labor and Social Security Attorney Office
Employee, PM Support Co., Ltd. (present post) Outside Director, K’s Denki (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) (present post)
Director
 Wakako Tokuda
April 2008 February 2011 April 2012 September 2012 June 2013
Nobuya Hori
   Born August 21, 1983
Born July 15, 1960
   Joined Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. Joined Next Capital Partners Co., Ltd. Seconded Executive Officer, CROSS FM Co., Ltd. Director and Vice President, CROSS FM Co., Ltd. Representative Director and President, CROSS FM Co., Ltd.
Co., Ltd.
June 1990 October 1996
November 1996
April 2007 June 2019
Director, MAYA HOLDINGS, Inc.
Director and COO, Yuko Yuko Holdings, Inc.
General Manager of Sales, K’s Mobile Systems Co., Ltd. Manager, Corporate Planning Office, K’s Mobile Systems Co., Ltd.
Manager, Audit Office, K’s Mobile Systems Co., Ltd. Manager, Audit Office, K’s Denki
June 2006
April 2007 April 2008
March 2009 April 2016 August 2017 June 2021
Director
11 (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) Outside
Shinji Hagiwara
Head of Business Department, K’s Mobile Systems  Co., Ltd.
 Holdings, Inc. (present post)
Representative Director, Yuko Yuko Corporation (present post)
Head of Audit Office
Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) (present post)
June 2021 Outside Director, K’s Denki (present post) Director
  10 (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) Outside
Hiroyuki Bundo
April 2001 April 2005 April 2008 April 2013 April 2017 June 2019
  Born December 18, 1970
Born November 24, 1974
  Full-time Lecturer, Faculty of Human Sciences, Tokiwa University
Assistant Professor, Faculty of Human Sciences, Tokiwa University
October 2005
October 2006 October 2009
December 2011
January 2015 July 2015
June 2021
Registered as attorney-at-law
Joined Kawarabuki Law Office
Joined Houterasu Shimotsuma Law Office Founder and Representative, Hagiwara General Law Office
Founder and Representative Partner, Legal Professional Corporation Hagiwara General Law Office (present post)
Auditor, Toa Security Guard Co., Ltd. Representative Director, Hagiwara General Consulting Co., Ltd. (present post)
Outside Director, K’s Denki (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) (present post)
Associate Professor, College of Applied International Studies, Tokiwa University Professor, College of Applied International Studies, Tokiwa University
     39 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021 40
❹❷❶❸❺
Professor, Department of Policy Management, Tokiwa University (present post)
Outside Director, K’s Denki (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member) (present post)
(As of June 29, 2021)
 Number of directors in Articles of Incorporation
 Term of directors in Articles of Incorporation
 Chairman of Board of Directors
 Number of directors
 Appointment status of outside directors
 Number of outside directors
 Number of outside directors appointed as independent officers
20
 1 year
 President
 11
 Appointed
 4
 4
 ❺ Director, Managing Executive Officer, and Chief of Administration Division
Type of knowledge/expertise company expects director to have
  Work position
❶ Representative Director, President, and Executive Officer
 ❷ Director, Senior Executive Vice President, and Product Division Manager
 ❸ Director, Managing Executive Officer, and Chief of Sales Division
 ❹ Director, Managing Executive Officer, and
Chief of Planning and Development Division & Head of Planning Department
  ❻ Director, Senior Executive Officer, and
Chief of Corporate Planning Division & Head of Corporate Planning Office
 ❼ Director   Outside
❽ Director (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
 ❾ Director Outside (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
 10 Director Outside (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
 11 Director Outside (Audit and Supervisory Committee Member)
  ❻❼❽❾1011

Remuneration for officers
Our remuneration for officers is aimed at contributing to the continuous growth of the K’s Denki Group and the boosting of corporate value. In order to promote functionality, we have a remuneration system that is linked with shareholders returns, and when determining the remuneration of individual directors, it is our basic policy to set the remuneration at a suitable level in accordance with work responsibilities.
 ● Basic remuneration
The basic remuneration of directors consists of monthly fixed remuneration, remuneration related to representation rights, remuneration for directors, and remuneration based on work position. In the case of remuneration based on work position, the directors carry out a self-evaluations based on the evaluation items in the required conduct guidelines for directors, and the representative director carries out comprehensive evaluations. Following this, the Compensation Committee engages in deliberations, and then the individual remuneration amounts are determined by the Board of Directors.
● Non-monetary remuneration (stock-based remuneration system)
This remuneration consists of shares with restriction on transfer, and is limited to an annual amount of 200 million yen, and a total quantity of 200,000 shares. The number of times that this is granted is determined based on calculations linked with an evaluation of the monthly remuneration amount for each year, and our policy is to grant this at a certain period of time each year.
● Performance-linked remuneration Amount of performance-linked bonus =
● Ratio of remuneration amounts divided by type
Monthly remuneration amount for year : performance-linked bonus : stock-based remuneration = 8 : 1 : 1 Total amounts, etc. of remuneration, etc. in year ended March 2021
(Notes)
1. This includes one director who retired
Company systems
Board of Directors: 11 directors (including 4 outside directors)
amount of monthly basic remuneration × number of months’ worth of pay for bonus
Ratio of previous year’s consolidated ordinary income
Number of months’ worth of pay for bonus
Less than 90%
0
90% to less than 100%
1
100% to less than 110%
1.5
110% or above
2
● Policy regarding remuneration for directors who are audit and supervisory committee members
This remuneration is determined through discussions with directors who are audit and supervisory committee members based on their respective distribution of duties.CategoryIn-house directors (excluding audit and supervisory committee members)In-house directors (audit and supervisory committee members)Outside directorsTotal amount of remuneration, etc. (million yen)
Total amounts of remuneration, etc. by type (million yen)
Performance-linked Non-monetary Basic remuneration remuneration, etc. remuneration, etc.
Number of eligible officers
at the end of the 40th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 25, 2020.
226 198 ̶ 28 7 17 17 ̶ 0 1 26 26 ̶ ̶ 4
General Meeting of Shareholders
2. The amount of remuneration for directors, etc. does not include the employee-portion of the remuneration granted to employee-directors.
Audit and Supervisory Committee: 4 Audit and Supervisory Committee member directors (including 3 outside directors)
3. This is the first year after the introduction of performance-linked remuneration, etc. so there are no results in this regard.
        Nominations and remuneration regarding group directors and executive officers, and advice and proposals regarding analysis and evaluations related to effectiveness of Board of Directors
Appointment and dismissal
Discussions and reports regarding important business execution
Reports on compliance with laws and ordinances Proposals regarding compliance with laws and ordinances
Accounting audits
Appointment and dismissal
Approval of appointment and reappointment
Accounting auditors
    Nomination Committee and Compensation Committee
Management meetings
 Discussions and reports regarding various business execution
Group Compliance Committee
  ● Executive Officer System
The division of roles regarding decision-making and supervision functions and business-execution functions is clarified, and the term of office is set at one year in order to clarify responsibility regarding business execution.
 Various divisions and offices and various group companies
  ● Board of Directors
A regular meeting of the Board of Directors is in principle held once a month, and decisions regarding important matters and supervision regarding the status of business execution by directors are carried out. The Board of Directors calls upon directors who are in charge of business execution to carry out such business execu- tion based on the segregation of duties, and directors make the necessary decisions regarding matters delegated to them in accordance with institutions or procedures stipulated in regulations.
41 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021
● Nomination Committee and Compensation Committee
The Nomination Committee and Compensation Committee are voluntary committees that have been set up with the aim of ensuring transparency and fairness regarding the Board of Directors. Discussions are held regarding: agenda items of the General Meeting of Sharehold- ers related to the Board of Directors; agenda items of the Board of Directors related to the selection of candidates for executive officers; the details of remuneration, etc. for directors and executive officers; and analysis and evaluations regarding the overall effectiveness of the Board of Directors. Furthermore, advice and proposals are provided to the Board of Directors.
  ● Management meetings
The members of the management meetings are the directors excluding outside directors, the senior executive officers, and the presidents and representative directors of subsidiaries, and these meetings are in principle held one a month. Discussions and decision-making are carried out regarding basic matters and import- ant matters related to the business execution of departments and subsidiaries.
● Audit and Supervisory Committee
4 people (3 outside directors)
K’ s Denki is a “company with an audit and supervisory committee.” An internal audit office collaborates with the auditors of group companies. Supervision is carried out regarding business execution by directors, and an effort is made to strengthen management supervision functions.
Company information
 Corporateprofile (ResultsforyearendedMarch2021)
Principleshareholders (AsofMarch31,2021)Trade name
K’s Holdings Corporation
Headquarters address
1-1-1 Sakuragawa, Mito City, Ibaraki Prefecture
Registered headquarters address
1-13-20 Yanagimachi, Mito City, Ibaraki Prefecture
Establishment
March 1947
Paid-in capital
18.1 billion yen
Representative
Tadashi Hiramoto, Representative Director
and President Executive Officer
Content of business
Sale of full range of consumer electronics products and related merchandise,
and accessory work and repairs
Sales
792,542 million yen (consolidated) 661,288 million yen (non-consolidated)
Number of employees
15,554 (consolidated)
(8,660 temporary employees) 4,671 (non-consolidated) (2,431 temporary employees)
Number of stores
519 (consolidated)
Website
https://www.ksdenki.co.jpPrinciple shareholders
Number of shares held (thousands)
Percentage of shares held
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account)
15,924
7.7%
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account)
12,361
5.9%
K’s Denki Employees’ Shareholding Association
10,887
5.2%
Satoshoji Corporation
6,216
3.0%
Yukio Kato
6,004
2.9%
K’s Management Co., Ltd.
6,000
2.9%
Shinjiro Kato
4,856
2.3%
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account 7)
3,739
1.8%
SSBTC CLIENT OMNIBUS ACCOUNT
2,924
1.4%
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account 5)
2,689
1.3%Stock information
Subsidiaries
(As of March 31, 2021)Total number of authorized shares
520,000,000
Total number of shares issued
225,000,000
Number of shareholders
19,061
Listed stock exchange
Tokyo Stock Exchange
Shareholder registry administrator
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation(Notes) 1. Although K’s Denki holds 18,926,196 shares of treasury stock, it is excluded from the principle shareholders above.
2. The percentages of shares held are calculated deducting treasury stock. 3. Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. changed its trade name to
“Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd.” accompanying a merger dated July 27, 2020.       Corporation name
Representative
Paid-in capital (million yen)
Content of business
Address of headquarters office & website
 308 Sengarita Kamiyouden, Natori City, Miyagi Prefecture https://www.ksdenki.co.jp/denkodo/
   Denkodo Co., Ltd.
  Hokuetsu K’s CO., LTD.
  GIGAS CORPORATION
  KANSAI K’S DENKI CO., LTD.
  BIG•S CO., LTD.
  KYUSHU K’S DENKI CORPORATION
   K'S CAREER STAFF CORPORATION
  Technical Arts Co., Ltd.
Representative Director and President Yoshiyuki Endo
Representative Director and President Hiroshi Nomura
Representative Director and President Yoshiyuki Kaneko
Representative Director and President Masahiko Sugimoto
Representative Director and President Tatsuya Okada
Representative Director and President Yoichi Sakashita
Representative Director and President Kazuyoshi Suzuki
Representative Director and President Kazuyoshi Suzuki
2,866
334
2,124
1,259
253
80
10
13
Sale of household electric appliances and related products, and incidental work and repair services
Temporary staffing
Technical support, classes
8-16-17 Meike, Chuo-ku, Niigata City, Niigata Prefecture https://www.ksdenki.co.jp/hokuetsu/
2-130 Takayashiro, Meito-ku, Nagoya City, Aichi Prefecture https://www.ksdenki.co.jp/gigas/
Asahi Seimei Namba Building 5F, 3-5-13 Nambanaka, Naniwa-ku, Osaka City, Osaka Prefecture https://www.ksdenki.co.jp/kansai/
1210 Tahikami-machi, Takamatsu City, Kagawa Prefecture https://www.ksdenki.co.jp/big-s/
4-12 Tokaicho, Kagoshima City, Kagoshima Prefecture https://www.ksdenki.co.jp/kyushu/
Princess Building 1F, 1-4-7 Jonan, Mito City, Ibaraki Prefecture
https:/ /kcs.ksdenki.co.jp/
Minami Ikebukuro Hikari Building 6F, 2-15-1 Minami-ikebukuro, Toshima-ku, Tokyo
https://technicalarts.co.jp/
 FC ・USHIO Co., Ltd. (Tottori Prefecture) ・OKAJIMA CO., LTD. (Yamanashi Prefecture)  ・Hamamatsu K’s Co., Ltd. (Shizuoka Prefecture)
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021 42