● Creating environments without quotas and overtime work
It is not possible for us to provide “truly friendly
service” to customers unless our employees are
able to work with enjoyment and vitality. As such, we do not have quotas. Although our employees strive for the achievement of targets, these are not quotas. If there are quotas, there is chance that various methods will end up being used to try to sell customers products that they do not need. This is harmful to customers, and it dissuades customers from wanting to continue using K’s Denki. Thus, the most important thing is to first of all make it possible for employees to work with enjoyment and smiles.
Part of this is creating environments without overtime work. The bedrock of this type of approach is “Gambaranai Keiei.” Things that can be done tomorrow should not be done today. We believe that doing overtime work in order to receive good results in the short term is meaningless in the context of business management, which is never-ending.


● Promoting utilization of paid holidays and taking of consecutive holidays
K’s Denki makes efforts to promote the utilization
of paid holidays and taking of consecutive
holidays. Employees are thus proactively encouraged to take five consecutive days of paid leave.
● Approach regarding personnel expenses
For K’s Denki, the most important thing is our employees. In order to get excellent human resources to join K’s Denki and continue to work at K’s Denki for a long time, we do our best to provide ample wages and employee benefits. As such, we proactively make improvements to labor conditions, including wages and employee benefits.

● Supporting child-rearing
In 2017, we acquired “Platinum Kurumin” certification as a company that
is proactively engaging in support for child-rearing. Furthermore, we
acquired certification for “Eruboshi (the highest ranking),” and we were
the first consumer electronics mass retailer to do so. This certification commends the active participation of women. Furthermore, in 2018, we opened an in-company nursery called “K’s & Lily Nursery.” Going forward, we will continue to develop environments where employees can work with peace of mind.

● Support for nursing care
K’s Denki has a nursing-care leave system that
makes it possible for employees to take leaves for
fixed periods of time in order to provide nursing
care to loved ones while continuing to work, or while staying enrolled at the company. With the aging of the population progressing in Japan, this will continue to be one of our most important systems.

● Introduction of “work interval system”
We have introduced a “work interval system” in
which an interval of at least 10 hours is set
between one work shift and the next. We believe
that this system is needed in order to protect the health of employees.

● System for supporting acquisition of qualifications
We have a support system for the acquisition of qualifications that can be utilized for sales, such as
“Home Appliance Advisor Certification.” We proactively support this through activities such as partially subsidizing study materials for exam-taking, and paying special allowances after the acquisition of qualifications.

● Proactive appointing of younger employees to leadership positions
We provide even younger employees opportunities
to take on the challenge of serving in managerial
posts, and thus some of our employees have become store managers and headquarters section chiefs while in their 30s.

● Initiatives of K’s Career Staff
The K’s Denki subsidiary K’s Career Staff engages in the temporary-staffing business. Recently, there are many employees who have a lot of physical strength for work
and are highly motivated even at the age of 65 and over. In order to make it possible for people to reapply the high-level skills that they have developed through their experience at K’s Denki, K’s Career Staff recruits general temporary workers, and proactively provides K’s Denki employees who are age 65 and over with opportunities to once again actively participate in work activities.