     Contributing to society
We at the K’s Denki Group recognize the importance of coexisting with local communities, so we carry out activities in various regions,
such as participating in events and sponsoring sports projects.
Donation and support activities
Great East Japan Earthquake reconstruction-support activities
  2011July
 We donated 1,500 electric fans to persons living in temporary housing and damaged housing.OctoberSome customers faced the problem of not being able to purchase consumer electronics because there were no consumer electronics mass retailers nearby. In order to provide support to such customers, we carried out sales using transport trucks in Rikuzentakata
City and Minamisanriku- cho.
 2012JulyWe donated a complete set of consumer electronics that were needed at “Tenohira ni Taiyo no Ie,” a symbiosis house that supports children affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake.2012 to 2014As part of our reconstruction-support activities targeting persons affected by the earthquake disaster, we implement- ed a “consultation service for problems regarding consumer electronics products” at temporary housing in various regions. From 2012 to 2014, we provided this consultation service 66 times (for 9,824 households). We provided advice on the use of consumer
electronics products to affected persons, and, on a voluntary basis and as a store, we carried out inspections, cleaning, repairs, and so on regard- ing malfunctioning consumer electronics.
  2021MarchMarking 10 years after the occurrence of the earthquake, we gave donations totaling 150 million yen (50 million yen per prefecture) to Iwate Prefecture, Miyagi Prefecture, and Fukushima Prefecture.
   Promotion of sports
K’s Denki Stadium Mito Naming rights
In 2009, we at K’s Denki acquired the naming rights for an athletics stadium in Mito City. This stadium is named “K’s Denki Stadium Mito,” and it hosts various sports such as soccer, rugby, and track & field. By supporting sports promotion, we hope to contribute to the sound development of young persons.
Official sponsor of Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles
We have been serving as an official sponsor of the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles of the Pacific League since 2005.
Top partner of Mito HollyHock
We have been serving as a top partner of the Mito HollyHock of the J2 League soccer league since 2001. We also support the “K’s Denki Kids Passport,” which makes it possible for children of elementary school
age and below residing in Ibaraki Prefecture to attend home games throughout the year free of charge. This helps support sports promotion regarding children in this region.
“Platinum Sponsor” of Ibaraki Robots
We had been serving as a “Bronze Sponsor” of the Ibaraki Robots of the B League professional basketball league since 2019, and became a “Platinum
Sponsor” in the 2021 season.
Professional basketball leagues were only started recently in Japan. Thus, we hope that this sponsorship will help promote the popularity of the league overall.
Official sponsor of Kamatamare Sanuki
We have been serving as an offi- cial sponsor of the Kamatamare Sanuki of the J3 League soccer league since 2011.
Donations to Japanese Red Cross Society
We have been donating to the Ibaraki Prefecture Branch of the Jap- anese Red Cross Society each year since 2018. The donation money goes toward the development of nurseries, disaster-relief vehicles, disaster-relief materi-als, and so on.
Support for childrearing and elderly persons in regions
We participate in systems that make it possible for households with an expecting mother or children to receive hospitality services, such as “Ibaraki Kids Club” in Ibaraki Prefecture, “Guichichoki Passport” in Gunma Prefecture, “Tochigi Smile Tsugitsugi Card” in Tochigi Pre- fecture, and “Dad and Mom Support Shop Courtesy Card” in Saita- ma Prefecture. Furthermore, we participate in systems that make it possible for elderly persons to receive hospitality plans, such as “Ibaraki Senior Card” in
Ibaraki Prefecture.
We have been giving donations to the Japanese Red Cross Society consisting of the K’s Denki-original dry-cell batteries (made by Maxell, Ltd.) that our company sells, and portions of our proceeds from LED light bulbs (made by Asahi Electric Co., Ltd.). (The donations of dry-cell batteries started in June 2021, and the donations of proceeds from LED light bulbs started in Septem- ber 2021.)
Blood-donation cooperation activities
We carry out cooperation activities related to blood-donation activities, and this includes regularly providing employees with informa- tion on blood-donation locations, and encour- aging them to go, etc.
Reference: “MEET Blood Donation Room,” Mito City, Ibaraki Prefecture
                      31 K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021
K’s Holdings Corporation Integrated Report 2021 32