 https://www.sevenbank.co.jp/english/ir/
Integrated Report For the year ended March 31, 2021 SEVEN BANK, LTD.

                                                              Introduction
 Purpose of Seven Bank Group
  Create a better version of daily life
by going beyond the wishes of our customers.
Our customers’ wishes are seeds that grow and become the future.
Seven Bank began in response to our customers who wanted to see ATMs in 7-Eleven stores. Customers’ wishes came first, that is our origin.
Times change,
and so do people’s needs and wants.
They also become diverse.
While holding true to our core philosophy,
we keep evolving to meet our customers’ wishes.
As a unique bank that offers, convenience,
reliability and trust, Seven Bank continues to
launch new initiatives that support people and society.
As a vital part of people’s daily lives, we remain inventive, striving to create new lasting value beyond traditional financial services.
We strive to be closer to our customers,
to help them fulfill their wants and needs easily.
Using cutting-edge technology and manpower,
we challenge ourselves to move beyond the status quo.
We seek to create a better version of daily life for everyone.
That is our reason for being.
           12

                                              Introduction
 Purpose of Seven Bank Group
34
   Creating a New Seven Bank that reflects our Purpose.
Amid great change,
we have been reconsidering Seven Bank’s reason for being.
April 2021 marked the 20th anniversary of Seven Bank. Twenty years ago, we started the business in order to meet the wishes of customers who wanted to see ATMs in 7-Eleven stores. Since then, we have consistently worked to address the hopes and wishes of our customers and make them a reality. By repeatedly striving to realize our customers’ wishes, we have been able to continuously create new services.
Now, in our 20th year, we are entering into an era of great change, said to be a once-in- a-century occurrence. Digitalization has made significant progress, and customer behavior, as well as what customers and society expect of companies, are also changing. Amid this, our business also needs to change significantly. How can we realize sustainable growth within a drastically changing business environment? What form should Seven Bank take in order to thrive in the coming times? When considering these questions, we first needed to reconsider the reason for the company’s existence in society, so we decided to hold discussions with all our employees to rediscover the answer. The result of this undertaking, and of all these discussions, was the formulation of the Purpose of Seven Bank.
Create a better version of daily life
by going beyond the wishes of our customers.
This phrase contains a value that we must not lose sight of, no matter how things change. This is Seven Bank’s reason for being and the basis to why we continue to be needed by customers and society. It is also the compass that can guide the future direction of our business while also expressing our determination to continue striving to change, so we can reach the next stage of growth.
  
 The Purpose created by all employees together has incredible value.
The Purpose was formulated through a process of repeated discussions between a total of almost 50 people, including top management members and employee volunteers. We advanced this process one step at a time while ensuring all employees were involved. What is the bank’s reason for being? Each employee repeatedly asked themselves this question and then discussed their thoughts in teams. Over about six months of listening carefully to the opinions and thoughts of colleagues and then seeing how this corre- sponds with one’s own thoughts, the discussions gradually got deeper and deeper. We believe that because this process involved all our employees, the result is incredibly valuable.
You can really tell that Purpose of Seven Bank firmly represents the values we should hold closest as the bank’s reason for being, arrived at through discussion after discussion. We believe that we have managed to create something that we can share with everyone.
The “going beyond the wishes of our customers” phrase in particular expresses how we incorporated our customers’ perspective, and we feel that the Purpose provides a more refined expression of Seven Bank’s ethos. “Going beyond” shows our motivation to not stop at merely realizing our customers’ wishes, but to go even deeper and also address their potential desires. This links to “create a better version of daily life,” an important section as it represents our search for what value we can offer to customers and what we should be aiming for. Although we are not quite realizing the “daily life of the future,” we are pursuing “a better version of daily life.” Rather than merely follow others, we want to create new value that will become so intrinsic to daily life that can be consid- ered the future. It is a simple yet powerful way to show our determination to continuously search for what people are lacking in their daily lives and then use this to create new value.
Reconfirming our origin, which has not changed in 20 years.
The process of formulating the Purpose also gave us a chance to reconsider certain things. One of these was our unshakable origin, the values that we have held dear since our founding. Our business began with the aim of meeting our customers’ wish to see ATMs in 7-Eleven stores. Over the 20 years since then, we have continued working to realize our customers wants and needs. This is still our reason for being and will continue to be so into the future.
Creating new change toward the next stage of growth in a way that reflects the Purpose.
Our Medium-Term Management Plan clarifies new core elements of our growth strategy. This also started with a process of considering what our customers want and then looking to create value that goes beyond it. Whatever we do, we want to avoid just following what other people or companies do and instead, always strive to build new, unique things in order to realize new business that can create a better version of daily life for our customers.
We will take our Purpose, which has been created by all our employees, to heart as we take on the challenge of realizing new growth and building a new Seven Bank.
                                               Introduction
  Purpose of Seven Bank Group
56

                                              Introduction
  Purpose of Seven Bank Group
Contents
   What Seven Bank Aspires to Be
  Purpose of Seven Bank Create a better version of
Medium-Term Management Plan (to FY2025)
Management Policy
1. We aspire to be a trusted financial service provider that fully meets customer needs.
2. We act to promptly introduce the benefits of technical innovation and pursue self-development.
3. We strive to contribute to the stability and advancement of the financial system by providing a secure and efficient payment infrastructure.
Vision
A unique bank that offers convenience, reliability and trust
Medium-term management plan for realizing the Vision
Corporate Principles
1. We aim to be a sincere company that our customers trust.
2. We aim to be a sincere company that our business partners, shareholders, and local communities trust.
3. We aim to be a sincere company that our employees trust.
daily life by going beyond the wishes of our customers.
     Introduction
Purpose of Seven Bank Group ··························· 1
Who We Are
Seven Bank’s History··········································9 Sources of Our Competitive Edge····················11 Seven Bank Group in Terms of Numbers ········· 13 Seven Bank’s Value Creation Process··············15
Leadership Commitment
Message from the President·····························17
We aim to make Seven Bank into a unique bank that offers convenience, reliability and trust.
Seven Bank’s Vision
—Medium-Term Management Plan
Overview of Medium-Term Management Plan···23 Seven Bank’s Growth Strategy·························25 Contribution to Solving Social Issues···············29 Corporate Transformation·································30 Financial Goals, Financial Strategy, and Shareholder Returns·········································31
  Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation
Value Creation
—Foundation for Sustainable Growth
Seven Bank’s Sustainability ··································· 33 Five Material Issues················································34 Material Issues Designation Process ····················· 35 Designation of the Material Issues ························· 36
Material Issue 1
Offer a Safe, Secure Settlement Infrastructure ··· 37
Material Issue 2
Create a Lifestyle through New Financial Services ··· 41
Material Issue 3
Create a Society Where Everyone Can Be Active ··· 43
Material Issue 4
Reduce the Environmental Burden···················47
Material Issue 5
Realize Multicultural Symbiosis ························ 49
Social Contribution Activities ································· 51
Conversation between the President and
an Outside Director ················································ 53
Management
Corporate Governance···········································57 Promoting Close Communication ·························· 64 Management Team (Directors and Officers)···········65 Risk Management Initiatives ·································· 67 Compliance Initiatives ············································ 70
Financial Section
Management’s Discussion and Analysis················74 Status of the Corporate Group·······························79 Management Policy, etc.········································80 Consolidated Financial Statements ······················· 82 Company Information···········································121 History ·································································· 123 Principal Data·······················································125
This report has been created to provide shareholders, investors and other stakeholders with non-financial information on issues including the environment, society and corporate governance, integrated with financial information, to describe how we create corporate value in an easy-to-un- derstand format. The report has been prepared referencing the International Integrated Reporting Council’s (“IIRC”) “International Integrated Reporting Framework,” published in December 2013, and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry’s “Guidance for Integrated Corporate Disclosure and Company-Investor Dialogues for Collaborative Value Creation,” announced on May 29, 2017.
 78
About this publication
This integrated report includes information related to Seven Bank’s management policy, business performance, business overview, corporate social responsibility (CSR) and financial position. It has also been prepared to include comprehensive non-financial information that supports our sustainable growth.
Main Content of the Report
This integrated report focuses on business activities in fiscal 2020, future initiatives, and the business results for fiscal 2020.
*This integrated report is a disclosure document (information disclosure) prepared pursuant to Article 21 of the Banking Act. For detailed disclosures, see page 137. Reporting Period April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021, in principle
Date of Issue This Issue: July 2021 (Integrated Report (Business Report) 2021)
Next Issue: January 2022 (planned) (Interim Business Report 2021)

 Seven Bank’s History
■■Number of ATMs installed
●● Number of ATM transactions (million)
30,000
25,000
20,000
15,000
10,000
5,000
0
2004 Mar.
2007 June
July
Introduced third- generation ATMs
Began receiving outsourcing of ATM operation and management Began installation of new ATMs outside of Seven & i Group
800
600
400
200
0
Introduced first-generation ATMs
Achieved single-fiscal year profitability
Introduced second- generation ATMs
2001 Apr. May
May
IY Bank Co., Ltd. established Began providing ordinary deposit services
Initiated ATM services
2006
Mar. Began providing
2008 Feb.
Listed on the JASDAQ Securities Exchange (currently the Tokyo Stock Exchange JASDAQ Market)
2012 June
Number of Seven Bank accounts exceeded 1 million
2016 Oct.
Introduced fourth- generation ATMs
Who We Are
Seven Bank’s 20 Years of Pursuing Challenges to Make Our Customers’ Wishes into Reality
More Convenient Services for All Customers
We have introduced voice guidance services so that visually impaired customers can also access our ATMs with peace of mind. We were also quick to support cards issued overseas for the comfort of visitors to Japan and installed ATMs in the security restricted areas of airports. In addition, we now offer international money transfer services for foreign nationals in Japan to remit money to their home countries with peace of mind. Our ATMs and Contact Center provide support in multiple languages. We will continue making everyday life more convenient for all our customers in response to the needs of the times in which many types of people participate in various ways.
Striving to Create Original New Value
We will continue to change with the times as we identify changes and respond to diversifying needs— the 20-year history of Seven Bank. Our ATM services, which began with cash deposits and withdrawals, now allow customers to receive cash even without a bank account, and we are expanding our business overseas utilizing the knowledge gained through our ATM operations. In addition, the know-how we have culti- vated through financial services is being applied to back-office support services and fraud detection and security measures to prevent financial crime, as well as financial services for non-Japanese residents, adding more depth to our earnings structure. The Seven Bank Group, including its subsidiaries, pursues challenges to create new value that goes beyond conventional banking services.
Our Origin
“If there was an ATM at 7-Eleven, it would be more convenient ...” Seven Bank was established in 2001 in response to such customers’ wishes. Since then, we have worked to develop secure and efficient settlement infrastructure by providing ATM services that can be used “anytime, anywhere, by anyone, and with safety and security.”
Over the past 20 years, we have grown into playing a role as part of the social infrastructure with more than 25,000 ATMs in Japan used by some 2.3 million customers a day. Our customers’ wishes still serve as the origin of Seven Bank.
Using Cutting-edge Technology and Manpower, Moving beyond the Status Quo
If only it was possible to use ATMs for topping up electronic money and cashless settlements, as well as making ATM deposits and withdrawals via a smart- phone—Seven Bank has made financial services more convenient and accessible by being the first in Japan to pursue a number of challenges. We have now gone beyond financial services and commenced ATM procedures with Individual Number Cards.
October 2012
July 2014 August 2015 May 2018 August 2020
October 2020 October 2020
December 2020
February 2021
*The above are businesses and/or services offered by subsidiaries.
July 2001 April 2005 December 2007 July 2014
Number of ATMs installed exceeded 1,000 Number of ATMs installed exceeded 10,000 Completed installation of ATMs in all 47 prefectures Number of ATMs installed exceeded 20,000
September
March
October October
April August March
2007 2017
2017 2018
2020
2020
2021
Began handling a top-up service at ATMs for nanaco electronic money cards
Began ATM deposit/withdrawal service via smartphones
Began offering real-time money transfer service
Began handling a top-up service at ATMs for electronic money to transportation IC cards.
Launched My Seven Bank, a smartphone app that enables instant account opening
Launched ATM procedures with Individual Number Cards (applications for Individual Number Card Points)
Launched ATM application for the use of Individual Number Card as health insurance card
July 2007 November 2007
March 2011 February 2013
January 2014
December 2015
Initiated services for cards issued overseas
Initiated ATM services for visually impaired customers (voice-guided transactions)
Launched international money transfer services
Began operation of the Customer Service Center for International Money Transfers (currently the Contact Center)
Launched support in nine languages at ATMs for international money transfer services and at the Customer Service Center for International Money Transfers
Expanded language options to 12 languages at ATMs and receipts when cards issued overseas are used
Commenced ATM operation business in the United States (currently FCTI, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary)
Commenced back-office support on commission
Commenced ATM operation business in Indonesia
Commenced ATM cash receiving services
Commenced credit-related services for non-Japa- nese residents
Commenced fraud detection platform business
Commenced a purpose-specific loan services for non-Japanese residents
2005 Oct.
time deposit services
Company name changed to Seven Bank, Ltd.
2010 Jan.
Initiated personal loan services
2011 Dec.
Listed on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
2019 Apr.
Formulated five “material issues”
(FYE) 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FYE)
9 10
Added a debit function to cash cards
Commenced online personal authentication service Commenced ATM operation business in the Philippines

                                              Sources of Our Competitive Edge
Who We Are
  Management Resources that Are the Source of Our Competitive Advantage
The Seven Bank Group has built strong relationships of trust with partner financial institu- tions and business partners throughout Japan with the expansion of our ATM platform that can be used “anytime, anywhere, by anyone, and with safety and security.” We have developed a unique business model based on safe and secure ATM services, in addition to functions offering financial services as a bank.
Expanding Business Fields for the Growth
A role as social infrastructure that is always close-by
The Seven Bank Group has established systems which enable ATMs to operate continuously, in principle, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, as well as a support system based on collaboration with diverse business partners, to develop a safe and secure network of ATMs.
We have more than 25,000 ATMs throughout Japan at Seven & i Group stores, including 7-Eleven, as well as airports, stations, commercial facilities, and tourist
Business Model for ATM Services
(example of main partner financial institution and operating company)
locations, used by over 2.3 million customers a day. In addition to traditional cash deposit and withdrawal transactions, usage of our ATMs has significantly increased by top-up transactions for cashless settle- ments to support diversifying settlement needs due to advancing digitization.
Going forward, we will leverage synergy with the Seven & i Group to provide financial services that are not only physically close, but also psychologically “close-by, convenient.”
In addition to our core business of ATM services, the Seven Bank Group provides ubiquitous and conve- nient account services such as ordinary and time deposits, personal loan services, international money transfer services, and debit services to customers who have a Seven Bank account. Moreover, through our Japanese consolidated subsidiaries, we are working to expand our business by developing a fund transfer business that meets diverse remittance and settlement needs, financial services for non-Japanese residents taking advantage of our foreign national customer
base, and back-office support and security services leveraging the knowledge we have cultivated through our banking operations.
Additionally, we are also pursuing globalization through our consolidated subsidiaries based on know-how from our domestic ATM operations. In the United States, we operate 9,368 ATMs (as of Decem- ber 31, 2020), mainly at 7-Eleven stores. In Asia, where growth is marked, we have commenced business in the Philippines as well as Indonesia, and we are steadily increasing the number of ATMs.
  Growth Strategy and Expansion of Business Fields
 Domestic business
      Core area Growth fields Overseas business
  ATM transaction fee
(determined by Bank A)
Seven Bank
ATM platform with more than 25,000 ATMs nationwide
Bank A
BANK
Cashless operating company B
               Customers
CARD
¥
Cash deposits and withdrawals Top-up for cashless settlements
Electronic money
¥
Cash deposits*
¥
ATM-related fee income
¥
ATM platform strategy
Retail strategy Corporate strategy
Overseas strategy
         *Some operating companies allow cash withdrawals.
 ATMs installed (as of March 31, 2021)
25,676 units
Installation of ATMs expanded to airports, stations, commercial facilities, and tourist locations, in addi- tion to Seven & i Group stores
ATM transactions per year (fiscal 2020)
836 million
Pursuit of a new style of ATM usage adapted to environmental changes, such as top-up transactions, as well as cash deposits and withdrawals
ATM usage fees (basically free for top-up) (Determined by cashless operating company B)
Key Figures Forming Basis of Growth
Partner financial institutions, etc. (as of March 31, 2021)
613
Proactively promoting new partnerships with financial institutions throughout Japan as well as with non-fi- nancial operating companies
ATM operating rate (fiscal 2020)
99.98%
In principle, ATMs operate continuously, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Swift response in the rare event of a breakdown or problem
    11
12
Continuous offering of values to customers and society

                                              Who We Are
Seven Bank Group in Terms of Numbers (Key Figures and Financial Highlights)
     Key Figures
Number of ATMs installed
Japan 25,676
Over- seas
10,118
(as of December 31, 2020)
Number of partner financial institutions, etc.
Unless specifically stated otherwise, figures are as of fiscal 2020 or March 31, 2021.
Number of ATM transactions per year
836million
Financial Highlights
Solid financial base
Net assets
Unless specifically stated otherwise, figures are as of fiscal 2020 or March 31, 2021.
Capital Adequacy Ratio
47.93
      Average number of transactions per ATM per day
90.5
Number of individual accounts
¥234.6
ATM operating rate
billion
FY2020
billion
99.98
613 2.3
2.36
System that is easy to use for anyone, regardless of nationality
Strong cash generation
EBITDA margin
Promoting active participation of diverse human resources
FY2015
¥8.50
FY2020
¥11
Percentage of employees with disabilities
2.2
Reference Data
Percentage of employees returning to work or remaining employed after childcare leave
Percentage of male employees taking childcare leave
Number of female managers and percentage of women in management roles
%
million
Number of customers using ATMs
million per day
*Figures are for Japan only, except for number of ATMs installed.
FY2015 ¥184.7
Efficient capital management
     Approx.
%
Cash flow from operating activities
¥136.0 billion EBITDA margin = EBITDA/ordinary income
   Number of remittances via international money transfer services per year
Languages supported
ROE
11.3
       Corporate services that leverage our strengths
Pursuing environmental functions
Seven Payment Service, Ltd. Number of companies concluding service agreements
423
Bank Business Factory Co., Ltd. Number of companies contracting back-office support services
29
Power consumption of fourth- generation ATMs compared to third-generation ATMs
% reduction
Recycling rate for disposed ATMs
Returns to shareholders
For international money transfer services
For cards issued overseas
36.2
   1.22
*Includes services offered by Seven Global Remit, Ltd.
10
*Customer centers, etc.
12
*ATM screens, receipts, etc.
%
%
million
languages
languages
*ROE = net income/average balance of shareholder’s equity
Creditworthiness
Rating and Investment S&P Global Ratings Information, Inc. (R&I)
A+ AA
*The following changes were made as of June 30, 2021. - S&P Global Ratings: A
- Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I): AA-
Growth
Consolidated ordinary income
*EBITDA = ordinary profit + depreciation and amortization
    Approx.
Approx.
40
100
%
24 18.1
Seven Bank’s share of international transfers by individuals from Japan (by country)
(total for Jan.–Dec., 2020)
Cash dividend per share
Payout Ratio
49.9%
¥35.6 ¥22.01
        20.0%
(Millions)
193 190
189
%
100 *No employees retired during or
after childcare leave in fiscal 2020.
36.5
*Fiscal 2020
%
%
*Fiscal 2020
%
  Percentage of cashless settlements and number of ATM transactions per year in Japan (annual total, Jan.–Dec.)
● Cashless settlements (%)
■ Number of ATM transactions per year
Numbers of total ATMs in Japan and Seven Bank ATMs, and Seven Bank’s share (fiscal year)
Consolidated ordinary profit
24.1%
21.3% 26.8%
(Thousands) 192
(Fiscal Year) 2016
Source: Research by Seven Bank
■ Japan total ■ Seven Bank ● Seven Bank’s share
FY2015 ¥119.9 FY2020 ¥137.2 FY2015
¥37.1
FY2020
FY2020
  48.9%
     13
14
(Year) 2016 2017 2018
Source: Prepared based on statistics published by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan
828
836
 808
 794
2019
2017 2018
2019
12.1%
23
12.5%
24
13.1%
25
13.3%
25
27.6%
17.4%
2.5%
Earnings per share (EPS)
Source: Prepared based on statistics published by the Bank of Japan
0.7%
FY2015
¥24.7billion
FY2020
¥25.9 billion
FY2015
¥20.75
billion
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
billion
billion
billion
  Philippines China Thailand Vietnam Indonesia

                                                                                          Who We Are
 Seven Bank’s Value Creation Process
  Seven Bank’s key value is to fulfill the expectations and gain the trust of society through sincere, honest efforts that will both help resolve social issues and enhance corporate value, working toward a sustainable society.
Seven Bank has designated five “material issues.” By addressing them, we aim to contrib- ute to resolving social issues and generate new innovation, while also realizing a better soci- ety with healthy business development.
Seven Bank’s Core Competencies and Business Model
Participation in initiatives
United Nations Global Compact*
Principles for Financial Action for the 21st Century
*Seven & i Holdings stated its support for the United Nations Global Compact corporate responsibility initiative and the principles on human rights, labor, environment, and anti-corruption in 2012.
       Management resources and intangible assets that are the source of our competitive advantage
Key management resources
▶ ATM platform
● Network of more than 25,000 ATMs nationwide
● System and organization to provide always-available
24/365 ATMs
▶ Network with partner financial institutions, etc.
▶ Customers visiting the Seven & i Group stores and the store network
▶ Functions offering financial services as a bank
Key intangible assets
▶ Strong relationship of trust with a variety of business partners
▶ Synergy with the Seven & i Group ▶ Trustworthiness as a bank
▶ Corporate culture and organization encouraging the tackling of challenges
Seven Bank’s business model
Customers
Offer safe and secure services
Social Issues
and Changes
・Concerns about security as digital settlement gains popularity
・Increasing sophistication and ingenuity of financial crimes
・Decrease in the number of financial institution counters and ATMs
・Increased diversification of values and lifestyles
・Changes in needs for financial products
・Promotion of diversity ・A society where many
types of people participate in various ways
・Increased risks from climate change
・Changes in companies’ positions on reducing the environmental burden
・Increase in the number of non-Japanese persons working in Japan
・Issues related to the foundation of daily life of non-Japanese residents
Material Issues
1Offer a safe, secure settlement infrastructure
2 3Create a
  Seven Bank Group
Seven & i Group
▶ ATM services available anytime, anywhere, to anyone, and with safety and security
▶ Secure and efficient settlement infrastructure
4
5
Create a lifestyle through new financial services
  Partners
Contractors
society where everyone can be active
Reduce the environmental burden
Realize multicultural symbiosis
      15
16
 Using our strengths to help resolve social issues and enhance corporate value through our business activities
    
                                              Leadership Commitment
 17
18
Message from the President
 We aim to make
Seven Bank into a unique bank that offers convenience, reliability and trust.
an expected presence in people’s lives. This year has shown us that we can continue to meet strongly rooted needs for cash amid a shift toward cashless payment while at the same time, there have been signs that we can also play a new role going forward.
Overseas, despite the pandemic, the number of ATM transactions remained steady in the United States and Indonesia, where the shift toward cashless payment has made more progress than in Japan. FCTI, Inc., a consolidated subsidiary which operates our ATM services in the United States, carried out restructuring to eliminate unprofitable ATMs, thereby reducing the number of ATMs it operates. This result- ed in a slight fall in revenue but also significantly reduced expenses, leading to a large improvement in profit. PT. ABADI TAMBAH MULIA INTERNASIONAL (ATMi) in Indonesia greatly increased the number of ATMs installed from 200 to 750, leading to a huge increase in revenue.
Risk and opportunity in regard to changes in the business environment
Taking an approach that
captures environmental changes as
early as possible and regards them as chances is the key to fulfilling our mission as a social infrastructure provider and creating new services
While the change we are seeing in the world could be seen as a threat to people trying to stand their ground, it presents opportunities to people who are willing to explore possibilities. I think we need to push ourselves to identify these opportunities and to respond with speed and flexibility.
Although I often hear people say that the advance- ment of cashless payment will make ATMs unneces- sary, I am not so sure that this is true. I feel that we are in an age in which the consumption and payment behavior of each individual, including myself, is divided between a diverse range of choices depending on situation, timing, and mood, and I also think that having options that fit each person’s individual circum- stances is very reassuring.
Without a doubt, our ATMs help to support this diversity of choice from behind the scenes. In fact, ATMs are playing a large part in this development as a gateway to cashless payment. We offered safe and secure functions and took an open approach as a social infrastructure provider to actively cooperate in further development. As a result, we could get our business on track swiftly.
Currently the role of cashless payment in regional revitalization initiatives, such as digital currency and reward point schemes by local governments and shopping area campaigns, is growing. In these areas, the number of top-up transactions through ATMs has grown rapidly and I believe we will continue to play a role as a bridge connecting people to cashless pay- ment methods.
Medium-Term Management Plan: 1) Growth strategy
Moving from preparation for growth to second stage of growth.
Actively investing in sustainable growth for the future
We have formulated the new Medium-Term Manage- ment Plan (FY2021–FY2025), which outlines our goal of seizing the opportunities presented by change in order to realize a second stage of growth. The plan has three main focuses: 1) Growth strategy, 2) contri- bution to solving social issues, and 3) corporate transformation.
In regard to growth strategy, our plan is to continue “growing our main business as we diversify our operations.” This will be achieved through the combi- nation of “evolution of ATMs,” which involves identify- ing new roles for ATMs within a digital society, and “business diversification,” which includes overseas development. We will leverage our strengths, such as our formidable network of ATMs, the trust the Bank has cultivated to date, and our ability to collaborate with other Group members, in order to establish a foundation for the second stage of growth.
Looking at the consolidated ordinary income we plan to see in five years’ time, we will maintain an
   A look back at fiscal 2020 and a review of business results
As the number of top-up transactions grew dramatically
in Japan following the accelerated spread of
cashless payment, the average number of
transactions per ATM per day also grew steadily overseas, despite the COVID-19 pandemic
In fiscal 2020, the number of ATM transactions per year in Japan fell for the first time in the Bank’s history, shrinking by about 2% year on year. The accelerated spread of cashless payment has transformed the structure of the ATM transaction industry, drastically reducing the number of bank transactions and in- creasing the number of top-up transactions through
smartphone payment providers. Revenue and profit fell this fiscal year and it is difficult to see a way to return to growth based on our previous business model. We recognize that we are reaching a turning point which is generating a positive sense of urgency.
On the other hand, the rapid growth of top-up transactions has also reaffirmed that physical ATMs that can be used safely, securely, and easily are widely trusted as a gateway that helps people become more familiar with digital society.
Also, while it appears that changes in people’s lifestyles prompted by the pandemic, such as avoid- ance of going out and the promotion of teleworking, are providing a boost to cashless payment, the truth is that the number of ATM transactions per year has only fallen by about 2%, which indicates that ATMs are still
 
                                              Leadership Commitment
 Message from the President
 income of ¥100 billion in our core area of ATMs and aim to realize a combined income of around ¥170 billion from our finance business and subsidiaries in Japan and overseas business (as of fiscal 2020, this income is around ¥137 billion). We are also aiming for a consolidated ordinary profit of ¥35 billion. These targets will lead to increased profit and a further acceleration of growth from fiscal 2026 onward.
Therefore, over the five-year period of the plan, we plan to carry out proactive strategic investments totaling around ¥150 billion.
Core: ATM platform strategy
Currently, amid noticeable movement by banks to reduce the number of branches and ATMs as part of streamlining efforts, we are seeing more and more requests from places like commercial and public facilities to install ATMs. We expect ATM installation opportunities will increase, and we aim to increase our net number of ATMs in Japan by 550 in fiscal 2021. Alongside efforts to strengthen our development in this area by increasing ATM installations, and amid the accelerating digitalization of government and health- care procedures, we will also tackle the business area covering Individual Number Card coordination, per- sonal authentication, and data usage for financial crime countermeasures by creating services that go
beyond the traditional concept of what ATMs can do. Through these services, we aim to increase opportu- nities for people to use ATMs with the goal of main- taining an income of around ¥100 billion for the ATM platform business.
Growth: Retail and corporate strategies
We will implement business diversification through a retail strategy that strengthens the collaborations we have been building with other Seven & i Group mem- bers, pursues unique products, and develops services which provide comprehensive support for the financial and daily life aspects of non-Japanese residents in Japan, thereby making them the best option for these residents. We will also advance a “corporate strategy” focused on a B to B direct sales business that meets the settlement needs of cash handling businesses, such as real-time money transfers and ATM cash receipt, and a B to B to X platform business which offers financial functions, as well as back-office support and systems, on a contracting basis. We will use these two strategies as the pillars upon which we will further expand our operations and customer base.
As we move toward a digital society, the number of new financial and settlement businesses is growing, so I believe that our trustworthy operations, our safe and secure fund management and transfer services,
and our sophisticated authentication and security are important functions that we must leverage as much as possible. This belief comes from my thinking that the B to B to X platform business will further refine these functions and will generate new businesses that can maintain and improve a good life for all of society.
By bringing together our functions as a financial institution and providing more efficient and advanced services not only to financial providers, but also other types of businesses, we can play a behind-the-scenes role and grow complementary relationships with a diverse range of businesses.
Overseas strategy
FCTI, Inc. (United States) will continue its restructur- ing, targeting unprofitable ATMs to further increase the robustness of its profit. Efforts by ATMi (Indonesia) to significantly increase its number of ATMs and by Pito AxM Platform, Inc (Philippines) to realize stable opera- tions will steadily grow the number of ATMs installed and banks we work with, growing our ATM network in each region.
Following this, we will use the ATM business as an entry point for developing multi-layered financial services that utilize aspects such as the data of ATM users and for launching ATMs in new countries. We will carry out this development with a view to launch- ing a global money transfer service.
Medium-Term Management Plan: 2) Contribution to solving social issues
Use initiatives for tackling the five material
issues as a launch pad for realizing sustainable growth by solving social issues
Our first step is to consider how we could leverage our strengths and resources to contribute to society and steadily work toward achieving the five material issues (materialities) (▶ p.34).
Furthermore, we will actively work to reduce CO2 emissions linked to ATMs by collaborating with busi- ness partners, such as outsourcing contractors, to evolve the application of AI in areas such as cash
monitoring and management, and predictive manage- ment to prevent ATM malfunctions. Also, we are currently switching to fourth-generation ATMs, so we will reduce environmental impact by ensuring that 100% of third-generation ATMs are recycled. In addi- tion to this, we will actively participate in the Seven & i Group’s Green Challenge 2050 in order to contribute to the realization of net zero CO2 emissions, solutions to social issues, and the achievement of the SDGs.
We believe that realizing a sustainable society is one of our highest priorities as a company. In our new plan, we have once again placed this at the core of our management strategies and we have established a Sustainability Committee comprising not only the president and officers, but also employees and external experts. This committee will consider and discuss further efforts.
Medium-Term Management Plan: 3) Corporate transformation
Advancing the CX Project which aims to transform the organization to make it suitable for new environments
Nowadays, companies need to change in accordance with the business environment, so we have estab- lished the Corporate Transformation (CX) Project which aims to transform the Bank in terms of both “human resources, organizational, and corporate culture,” and “data-driven business models and processes,” with a particular focus on changing workers’ mindsets and evolving technology.
We think that Seven Bank’s strengths are our culture of taking on challenges without fear of change and the human resources that make this possible. This, combined with our formidable network of ATMs
  19 20
   
                                              Leadership Commitment
 Message from the President
  and related expertise, and the trust people have in us as a bank, enables us to create new financial services and to be a unique presence. It is the driver of sus- tainable growth. To enhance these strengths, we will take a further step toward becoming a more ad- vanced organization where independent employees who improve their skills, build their own careers, and choose their own working style can play active roles.
We are currently working to strengthen internal communications and as part of this we are archiving content such as seminar programs that sparked activity within the Bank, any events that happened in-house, medium-term management plans, financial statements, business plan briefings by each division, and contents describing our experiences over the 20 years since our founding and how we overcame crises such as the Great East Japan Earthquake, counterfeit card issues overseas, and skimming incidents. By providing such a diverse selection of materials, we hope to support self-study among employees and cultivate an interest in not only the task at hand, but also other divisions and the Bank as a whole. We also think this will facilitate personnel placement and human resources development that considers the
orientation of each individual revealed through the results of training.
As we move toward a digital society, we plan to further evolve the operational framework of ATMs, which has been optimized for realizing ATMs that can be used safely and securely and will definitely not stop, as we have maintained since starting our busi- ness. We are also considering utilizing and analyzing data in a way that is different from traditional ATMs, such as using varied data in crime countermeasures in the security area, using it in acts of business, or incorporating it into business processes.
Corporate governance
Making Board of Directors meeting discussions more dynamic and enhancing the creation of communication opportunities as part of succession planning
In fiscal 2019, we made it so only the two representa- tive directors may serve as directors with executive authority over operations and in fiscal 2020, we focused on 1) making discussions at Board of Direc- tors meetings more dynamic and 2) creating opportu- nities for dialogue and communication between outside directors and potential next-generation leaders as part of succession planning. In regard to making discussions at Board of Directors meetings more dynamic, we have increased effectiveness by decreasing the time allotted to discussion of matters to be resolved, thereby increasing time for strategic discussion. This process enabled us to spend multiple sessions discussing the new medium-term manage- ment plan. In regard to creating opportunities for dialogue, we have executive officers give outside directors briefings on the operations that they are responsible for, creating opportunities for discussion. This initiative has been well received by the outside directors and we will continue implementing it and also consider how to expand it.
Message to stakeholders
We will use the confidence built up over 20 years of creating and entrenching unique new services that fulfill the wishes of our customers one by one as a driver for creating further shared value
We started by installing ATMs at 7-Eleven stores and now operate ATMs that can process cards issued overseas and transfer money abroad. We have also realized ATM deposits and withdrawals using smart- phones, top-up services for electronic money and smartphone payment apps, ATM cash receipt that enables companies to send money to individuals without using an account, and Individual Number Card processes that enable people to apply for Individual Number Card Points or to use their Individu- al Number Card as a health insurance card.
Naturally, we have encountered failure during these efforts. However, we have never let failure slow us down and kept working hard to achieve customers’ wishes that other companies did not deal with. Through these experiences, we have built up our great confidence.
Our 20th anniversary presents a turning point for the Bank and believing that we needed to redefine our reason for being, we formulated the Purpose of Seven Bank which states our intent to “create a better version of daily life by going beyond the wishes of our customers.” Pursuing new social value and unique- ness offers the peace of mind provided by unlimited possibilities and frees us from the hardship of merely trying to keep pace with others. Continuing in this manner gives value to our existence and as long as we persevere with this approach, I think we will continue to be an essential presence in society.
In fiscal 2021, we expect to see the COVID-19 pandemic and current trends in consumer behavior and cashless payment continue. Regarding business results, although non-consolidated revenue is likely to decrease, we also plan to expand overseas operations
and the operations of subsidiaries in Japan, which will lead to an increase in consolidated revenue. Profit is also expected to decrease due to factors such as depreciation and amortization and an increase in systems expenses following systems upgrades. However, we intend to steadily continue investment aimed at realizing sustainable growth to avoid falling into the balanced contraction. We will properly ac- count for our strategic investment though cash flow from operating activities and always consider realistic amounts, so we can maintain stable and continuous shareholder return, primarily through dividends.
Going forward, we think that diversity will be important to the extent that it will be seen as a symbol of prosperity. Therefore, rather than trying to keep pace with our competitors, we will continue to refine the ATM infrastructure that is our strength so that we can continue striving to create social value with all stakeholders, including customers, clients, business partners, and employees, and to make our second stage of growth a reality as a unique bank that offers convenience, reliability and trust. We hope to continue receiving your opinions and expectations and look forward to your ongoing support.
   21
22

                                              Seven Bank’s Vision—Medium-Term Management Plan Overview of Medium-Term Management Plan
Vision of Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2021–FY2025)
Diversify Business and Give Shape to the Second Stage of Growth
Times change, and so do people’s needs and wants. They also become diverse. While holding true to our core philosophy, we keep evolving to meet our customers’ wishes.
“If there was an ATM at a 7-Eleven store, it would be more convenient.”—Seven Bank was established in response to such customer needs, and has been in business for 20 years. We have compiled a new five-year Medium-Term Management Plan, positioned as a peri- od for giving shape to the second stage of growth aimed at sustainable growth. As a unique bank that succeeds in being close-by, convenient, reliable and secure, we will continue taking on the challenge of new initiatives that provide support for people and society, with a focus on the three pillars of growth strategy, contribution to solving social issues, and corporate transformation.
Business Expansion Starting from the Strengths of Seven Bank
Expand business, going beyond the wishes of our customers and business partners
          Customers
Service platform
Administrative services Medical services Authentication Top-up
Partners
Financial institutions
Administrative bodies
Operating companies
Medical institutions
          Positioning of Medium-Term Management Plan Period
Establishment – 2020 2021 – 2025
Evolution of ATMs
business in response to settlement needs, primarily cash handling, and the contract-based business that integrates offering of financial functions as well as back-office support and systems to accelerate busi- ness diversification.
In our overseas strategy, we will develop multi-lay- ered financial services with an ATM business that meets local settlement needs as the entry point while considering initiatives with a view to expanding ATMs into new countries.
 2026 onward (Fiscal Year)
Realize the vision and accelerate the second stage of growth
¥170.0 billion
    First stage of growth led by ATMs Medium-Term Management Plan period
Period for giving shape to the second stage of growth
   Retail
Group collaboration + Unique financial products
Credit Investment Insurance International transfers
Cash platform
Corporate
Corporate services leveraging strengths such as ATMs, back-office support, and security
Back-office support
Authentication and security
Settlement function
               Overview of Plan
FY2019 consolidated ordinary income
¥148.5 billion
Realize corporate transformation and the second phase of growth by making active investments for the future
FY2025 consolidated ordinary income
  FY2020 consolidated ordinary income
¥137.2 billion
Spread of COVID-19
     We will give concrete shape to the second stage of growth with focus on “growth strategy,” “contri- bution to solving social issues,” and “corporate transformation.”
Seven & i’s customer base
Bank functions
         Evolve from cash platform to ATM+
Growth strategy Domestic
Core ATM platform strategy
 Expand growth fields that come after ATMs by leveraging our strengths (business diversification)
business
Overseas business
Growth
Retail strategy Corporate strategy Overseas strategy
       23
24
Contribution to solving social issues
Review basic policy and structure of sustainability promotion
Further develop initiatives for the five material issues
Cooperate with the group and external contractors for solving environmental issues
Corporate transformation
Reform into an organization where independent human resources can play active roles
Innovation of business model and process with focus on data utilization and efficiency improvement
We will leverage Seven Bank’s strengths including our ATM platform and network, the trustworthiness we have cultivated as a bank, and synergy with the Seven & i Group, as well as the customer base of the Group’s stores and its store network to create new businesses.
In our ATM platform strategy, we will go beyond the conventional concept of the ATM to develop an ATM+ world. In our retail strategy, we will strengthen collabo- ration with the Seven & i Group and pursue unique products to create services that are chosen. In our corporate strategy, we will expand the direct sales
Business diversification
Business diversification

                                               Seven Bank’s Vision—Medium-Term Management Plan Seven Bank’s Growth Strategy
Growth Strategy 1: ATM Platform Strategy (Core Area)
Expand ATM’s social values and establish
formidable presence in the market
In addition to social value as a cash platform, we will create services that go beyond the conventional concept of an ATM, including support for digitization of administrative and medical services, personal authentication, and measures to prevent financial crimes, with a view to utilization of data. We will pursue new social value for the ATM as a service platform to establish formidable presence in the market.
Growth Strategy 2: Retail Strategy (Growth Fields in Japan [1])
Provide new value by strengthening collaboration
with the Group and pursuing unique products
Roughly 22.4 million customers visit Seven & i Group stores every day. We will provide new value in the daily lives of customers by strengthening collaboration with the strengths of the Seven & i Group, such as its ability to attract customers and its store network, and offering unique financial products pursuing user interface (UI) and user experience (UX). Moreover, we will further strengthen the ties with non-Japanese residents cultivated through our international money transfer services with the aim of offering services that are chosen by them.
   Creating an environment where services are available anytime and anywhere
There are increasing calls for installation of ATMs in transportation and commercial facilities. In addition, as banks reduce the number of branches and ATMs in pursuit of streamlining, Seven Bank will promote replacement of ATMs by its partner financial institutions by reducing operating costs and utilizing its extensive operational know-how, thereby contributing to greater efficiency in financial operations.
Service platform
Serving as a bridge to the digital society
With the acceleration of a cashless society, top-up transactions for cashless settlements from ATMs are on the rise. The new role for the ATM will be served as a famil- iar gateway to the digital society that can be used safely, securely, and easily in physical locations.
Expanding the financial world through ATM+
Administrative and medical services are becoming increasingly digitized. Seven Bank’s ATMs are the only service platform with an infrastructure that enables collaboration with administrative and medical services, such as applications for Individual Number Card Points and applications for the use of the Individual Number Card as a health insurance card. Leveraging these strengths as a platform, we will develop new ways of using ATMs and continue to further expand their social values.
Administrative bodies, medical institutions, etc.
The only ATM that has a platform that enables collaboration with administrative and medical services
   Offering services that comprehensively support financial and daily life aspects of non-Japanese residents and are chosen by them
Get involved with finance of technical interns and skilled workers before their arrival in Japan and expand market share
Cooperate with local financial institutions regarding offering of loans for travel expenses and their repayment
  Local financial institutions
Cooperation
  Provide full financial and daily life support after their arrival in Japan
    Payment
Receiving salary
International Borrowing transfers money
Offer daily life support such as multilingual support and dissemination of local information
 Strengthening collaboration with Seven & i Group and pursuing unique products
Strengthen Group collaboration using 7iD and increase customers
Cooperate
Offer unique products and services
Make it easy to understand and use
Credit Investment Insurance
Collaborate also with investment targets to enhance services
                   Administrative services
Authentication
Medical services Top-up
Applications for Individual Number Card Points
Individual ⇔ Number Card
Application for the use of Individual Number Card as a health insurance card
     Cash platform
More than 25,000 ATMs throughout Japan
2.3 million transactions a day
Installed at 7-Eleven stores
Fourth-generation ATMs (highly functional)
Attractiveness as a top-up method
Attractiveness as a platform that enables service collaboration of various kinds including authentication and data collaboration
Top-up for various Pay services Expansion of authentication business
Partner financial institutions
Reducing the number of ATMs due to streamlining
→ Attractiveness of highly functional ATMs that attract customers Replacement of ATMs by partner financial institutions
and more
Operating companies
             25
26
We have replaced 327 ATMs by 31 financial institutions so far.
Expansion of social values

 27
28
Seven Bank’s Vision—Medium-Term Management Plan Seven Bank’s Growth Strategy
Growth Strategy 3: Corporate Strategy (Growth Fields in Japan [2])
Leverage our know-how as a bank to meet
the needs of corporate customers
We believe that the highly reliable back-office processing capabilities, safe and secure fund management and fund transfer, and advanced authentication technology and securi- ty functions that Seven Bank has cultivated over the past 20 years are key resources now that we are heading into a digital society.
At a time when new businesses are entering the finance and settlements market, we will continue to refine and offer our strengths to society, leading to the creation of new busi- nesses, including corporate business.
B to B: Direct sales business
Further expand customer base and business operations in response to needs for cash settlement by SMEs
Growth Strategy 4: Overseas Strategy
Develop multi-layered financial services with
the ATM business as an entry point
Leveraging our ATM operation know-how, we have expanded our ATM services to three countries: the United States, Indonesia, and the Philippines. Under the overseas strategy in our Medium-Term Management Plan, we intend to develop multi-layered financial ser- vices with the ATM business as an entry point. First of all, we will achieve stable operation of ATM services and steadily expand the number of ATMs and partners to establish an ATM network that meets the settlement needs of each market. Next, we will develop fi- nancial services utilizing ATM user data. Beyond that, we will work with a view to diverse business collaborations, such as fund transfers between Group ATM networks in the United States, Indonesia, and the Philippines, as well as any new areas we expand into.
Develop multi-layered financial services in each country with the ATM business as an entry point
Sales proceeds deposit service
Real-time money transfer service
ATM cash receiving service
Expand services
Step 3
Further expand business by linking services and networks between the countries where we have entered
ATM
Deposits Authentication Investment
The United States
- Steadily expand the ATM business along with develop of 7-Eleven, Inc.
- Develop and offer new businesses by utilizing ATM user data
Indonesia
Philippines
Expected customers
SMEs that have settlement needs, primarily cash handling Number of contracted companies (at present): more than 1,500
Application
24 / 7
Real time
Deposit in account
Step 2
B to B to X: Platform business
Utilize the strengths of ATM and network, develop contract-based business that integrates the offering of financial functions as well as back-office support and systems
Step 1
Establish ATM business in each country by leveraging the know-how in Japan
Offer financial services utilizing ATM user data, etc. corresponding to the maturity of each market
Expected customers
Companies considering improving additional values to their businesses
Promote to offer financial functions
Offer financial functions catering to business needs of customer companies
Expected customers
Partner financial institutions that are pushing forward with streamlining and improving efficiency of operations
Promote contract-based service business
Increase contracts by supporting sophisticated and specialized operations such as AML and security from the aspects of both back-office operations and systems
Back-office support
Systems Bank
In addition to offering of services via smartphones, offer authentication and fraud detection services using ATM, which is our strength
Countries where we currently have business
Credit
Foreign exchange
Others
Operating companies and their customers
- First of all, proactively increase the number of ATMs to stabilize the ATM business
- Also consider new businesses corresponding to the maturity of each market

                                              Seven Bank’s Vision—Medium-Term Management Plan Contribution to Solving Social Issues/Corporate Transformation
Contribution to solving social issues
Tackle social issues and contribute to
realizing a sustainable society
Toward a sustainable society, Seven Bank set five material issues in fiscal 2019, and we have been implementing initiatives utilizing our strengths and management resources. Going forward, we will continue working with our business partners to reduce the environ- mental burden associated with the operation and maintenance of ATMs. Moreover, as a member of the Seven & i Group, we will actively participate in Green Challenge 2050 and contribute to solving social issues and achieving the SDGs.
Corporate transformation
Carry out corporate transformation through
further growth of individual employees
Becoming a bank supported by and coexisting with society. Seven Bank will carry out cor- porate transformation from both aspects of “human resources, organization, and corpo- rate culture” and “business model and business process” through utilization of digital technology and data.
As part of such initiatives, we launched a Corporate Transformation (CX) Project to drive the change, examine all internal systems, and make company-wide improvements.
      Carry out corporate transformation from both aspects of organization and business model/process
    Sustainable growth
Create new values and improve productivity
CX Project team
Formulated a promotion team to drive forward company-wide corporate transformation in fiscal 2020
CX: Corporate Transformation
         Individual growth
Transformation of organization
Transform into an organization which promotes employees’ voluntary improvement of skills, career development, and selection of workstyle and where independent human resources can play active roles
Corporate growth
Transformation of business model/process
Establish a business that leverages data of Seven Bank and the Group
Improve operating efficiency and strengthen sales and marketing through automation and data integration
    Human resources
Human resource development (DX training, reskilling training, etc.)
Career development support (internal recruitment system, etc.)
Development of an organization where diverse people can participate actively
Office and internal automation
Workstyle not restricted by location
Realization of flexible communications not restricted by organizations
Utilizing data of ATMs, accounts, and the Group
Automating operations using RPA
    Continuously promoting sustainability as the basis for the long-term management strategy
- Proactively work on solving environmental and social issues through business activities and create values for both
environment/society and the company
- Fulfill the social responsibilities we should voluntarily carry out as a business that is supported by customers and society and coexists with the environment and society
Improvement of social and corporate values
Sustainable growth
SDGs-related contribution
      Review of basic policy and promotion structure (April 2021) See page 33 for details
    1. Offer a safe, secure settlement infrastructure
- Ensuring around-the-clock operation of ATMs
- Measures for preventing financial crimes
2. Create a lifestyle through new financial services
- Development and installation of ATM with new functions (fourth-generation ATMs)
- Development of new services addressing social issues
3. Create a society where everyone can be active
- Realization of voice-guided ATMs for visually impaired
Further build on the initiatives taken so far
Five material issues (set forth in FY2019) and main initiatives
Initiatives involving social contribution activities
Forest preservation activities in cooperation with Seven-Eleven Memorial Foundation
Cosponsoring “Mori no Senshi (Guardian of the Forest) Bonolon”
Contribution to “Radio Charity Musicthon” charity campaign of Nippon Broadcasting System,
etc.
      4. Reduce the environmental burden
- Energy saving with fourth-generation ATMs - Reduction of environmental burden from
the overall business
5. Realize multicultural symbiosis
- Enhancement of financial services for foreign nationals - Daily life support for non-Japanese residents such
as multilingual support and dissemination of local information
      Goal of Seven & i Holdings:
Net zero CO2 emissions by 2050
(CO2 emissions associated with operation of the Group’s stores)
Promote initiatives for achieving the goal as a member of the Seven & i Group
 Pursuit of initiatives that cover the entire ATM business in cooperation with business partners such as outsourcing contractors
Manufacture
- Design to realize energy saving
- Use long-life parts and recyclable materials
Operation
- Improve efficiency of ATM visits (security transportation of cash, maintenance, etc.)
- Reduce electricity consumed by back-office operations, etc.
- Reuse ATMs removed due to closure
Disposal
- Recycle disposed ATMs
Realize 100% recycling of disposed ATMs
Fourth-generation ATMs consumes 40% less power than third-generation ATMs.
   29
30

                                              Seven Bank’s Vision—Medium-Term Management Plan Financial Goals, Financial Strategy, and Shareholder Returns
Financial Goals, Financial Strategy, and Shareholder Returns
Aim to achieve both growth investment for
future advance and stable shareholder returns
After 20 years in business, Seven Bank is now at the starting point for its next 20 years. Amid major changes in society, the environment surrounding the Bank is also changing increasingly. These conditions necessitate bold transformation and new investment in order to gain the trust of customers and achieve sustainable growth. Leveraging our solid financial base, we will work to realize both active investment for future growth and stable shareholder returns.
Financial Goals
Creating a firm path to the second stage of growth through evolution of ATMs and business diversification
Financial Strategy
Accelerating investment in growth fields for future profit expansion
   We plant to invest a total of 150 billion yen over the five years of the Medium-Term Management Plan. This investment will include approximately 70 billion yen in growth, approximately 30 billion yen in maintenance of infrastructure, such as updating systems related to core business, and approximately 50 billion yen in installing new ATMs.
As the breakdown of growth investment, we will invest 30 to 40 billion yen in growth fields in Japan, 20 to 25 billion yen in overseas business, and 5 to 10 billion yen in promoting corporate transformation, in a systematic manner.
  Invest a total of 150 billion yen during the Medium-Term Management Plan period for future profit expansion
Basic policy
Investment details
- Achieve both proactive investment for future growth and stable shareholder returns - Use cash flow* for investment and dividend payment
*Cash flow: Net income + depreciation and amortization
- Make growth investment (in the scale of ¥70 billion) aimed at promotion of growth strategy and corporate transformation
- Promote installation of the fourth-generation ATMs and develop infrastructure that realizes the wishes of our customers
  Investments under MTMP
Growth investment Approx.
Approx. ¥150 billion
Approx. ¥70 billion
Approx. ¥30 billion
Approx. ¥50 billion
New MTMP (FY2021–FY2025)
Breakdown of major growth investments
Investment in growth fields in Japan (¥30–¥40 billion)
Investment in overseas business (¥20–¥25 billion)
Investment for promoting corporate transformation (¥5–¥10 billion)
Maintenance of infrastructure
ATM installation
¥100 billion
Approx. ¥35 billion
Of which, FTCI investment (approx. ¥10 billion)
Approx. ¥45 billion
Approx. ¥20 billion
Past five years (FY2016–FY2020)
   We will strive to expand profit through both the evolu- tion of ATMs to create new roles for ATMs in the digital society and business diversification, including overseas expansion. We aim to achieve consolidated ordinary
income of 170.0 billion yen, consolidated ordinary profit of 35.0 billion yen, and ROE of 8% or more in five years’ time.
 Attach utmost importance to profit expansion in the Medium-Term Management Plan period for business diversification
    Financial goals for FY2025
Consolidated ordinary income: Consolidated ordinary profit: ¥170 billion ¥35 billion
ROE: 8% or more
Consolidated ordinary income
Overseas business
Domestic business
Consolidated ordinary income
(incl. ¥1 billion in ¥138 billion non-business income)
Consolidated ordinary profit
*EBITDA = ordinary profit + depreciation and amortization (Reference) EBITDA*
  Approx. ¥137 billion Approx.
Consolidated ordinary profit Approx. ¥36 billion
Average annual growth rate
5%
¥170 billion
¥45 billion
Of which, ATMPF ¥100 billion
¥125 billion
FY2025
(Approx. ¥50 billion)
(Approx. ¥45 billion)
(¥60 billion)
¥35 billion
    ¥25 billion
Of which, ATMPF ¥100 billion
¥110 billion
¥25 billion
Of which, ATMPF ¥100 billion
¥113 billion
Approx. ¥28 billion
  (Fiscal Year) FY2020 FY2021
results
FY2020
results
FY2021
FY2025
    Shareholder Returns
 Maintaining a firm financial foundation and providing stable shareholder returns
Seven Bank has maintained stable and continuous dividends backed by its firm financial foundation. During the Medium-Term Management Plan period, we will aim to maintain stable and continuous dividends while taking
into account the actual dividend amount. We will also maintain a payout ratio of 40% or more and provide stable shareholder returns at the same time, while using cash flow to fund active investment for future growth.
  Payout Ratio
Dividend (yen)
Payout ratio (%)
99.0
     Maintain stable and continuous shareholder returns centered on dividends, backed by a firm financial foundation
(Fiscal Year) 2012
2013 2014
2015 2016 2017
2018 2019 2020
2021 forecast
8.50
40.9
11.00
11.00
49.6
11.00
49.9
11.00
65.6
 10.00
47.0
 9.00
42.6
  8.00
41.0
 7.50
42.0
 6.75
41.4
 Basic policy
 31
32

                                               Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth Seven Bank’s Sustainability/Five Material Issues
Seven Bank’s Sustainability
Maturity and poverty, an aging population and a declining birthrate, overpopulation and depopulation, global warming and unusual weather—the world in which we live faces numerous complex issues. Amid an undergoing extreme change, the roles and value customers demand of Seven Bank are also changing drastically. Based on this environ- mental change, Seven Bank has positioned the promotion of sustainability as the basis for its management strategy and is aiming to contribute to the achievement of the Sustain- able Development Goals (SDGs) together with the sustainable growth of the Seven Bank Group.
To realize this, we are not limiting ourselves to just CSR activities and have reformed our sustainability promotion policy and structure this fiscal year, clearly stating that we will proactively work on solving environmental and social issues through business activities and create value for both the environment, society and the company.
Through the promotion of sustainability, we wish to aim for the realization of a society in which all our customers, including all our future customers, can live fulfilling lives in a comfortable environment, now and in the future.
In order to realize these things, we will value discussion from the perspective of the customer, work with business partners to contribute to the resolution of issues which adversely affect society and the environment, and engage in business activities which produce new social value.
In addition, in all aspects of our actions and business activities, we will always maintain an awareness of our influence on society and the environment. Each and every employee, up to and including officers, will always engage in business activities and social contribu- tion activities with responsibility and an awareness of being a member of society, in order to leave a better world for future generations.
Transitioning from a CSR Promotion Structure to a Sustainability Promotion Structure
Five Material Issues
In 2019, Seven Bank designated five material issues
(materialities) in order to work to resolve social issues and environmental problems through its business activities.
We are aiming for the entire company to unite and proactively and continuously tackle these material issues and contribute to achieving the SDGs, as well as improving our social and corporate value.
              See page
 See page
 See page
 See page
        In April 2021, we changed the name of the CSR Envi- ronment Committee to the Sustainability Committee. At the same time, in order to incorporate diverse opinions, we invited outside experts to participate as committee members, transforming the committee into one that
was more effective. The committee will discuss import- ant matters regarding the promotion of sustainability, as well as evaluate the state of initiatives aimed at the resolution of social issues and environmental problems.
1 2
3 4
5
Offer a safe, secure settlement infrastructure
Create a lifestyle through new financial services
Create a society where everyone can be active
Reduce the environmental burden
Realize multicultural symbiosis
Description
As digital settlement gains popularity, concerns have emerged regarding financial crimes and security. Seven Bank will fulfill the role of social infrastructure which can be used anytime, anywhere with safety and security, as part of every customer’s daily life.
There is demand for familiar, convenient financial services which are available anytime, anywhere, to anyone. Seven Bank is exploring new financial services and, through offering equal opportunity services, aims to realize a society in which everyone is able to enjoy a better life.
By establishing an environment in which not only customers but also employees can equally demonstrate their abilities regardless of gender, age or nationality, we aim to realize a society in which no one is left behind or discriminated and the diverse work styles of diverse people are recognized.
Risks from climate change, including rising sea levels, increased incident of unusual weather events, and the impact on the farming and fishing industries, pose major treats to our life on this planet.
In addition to proactively working to reduce its environmental burden through its business activities, Seven Bank is tackling environmental problems as citizens of the earth via its own actions in order to leave a better world for future generations.
Due to globalization as well as domestic labor shortages, the number of non-Japanese persons working in Japan is increasing annually. In addition to providing convenient and pleasant financial services, Seven Bank is contributing to the resolution of social issues by supporting comfortable lifestyles so that people of differing nationalities, ethnic groups, and languages can coexist with local communities.
Relevant SDGs
See page 37.
41.
43.
47.
49.
   Board of Directors Executive Committee
Sustainability Committee Divisions and subsidiaries
- Decisions regarding policies, important matters, etc. - Status evaluation
- Sets forth policies, company-wide action plans, KPI, etc., confirms implementation status, and presents evaluations, etc. to the management
- Diversify committee members
- Promote and implement measures
     33
34
Material Issues
▲▲▲▲▲

                                               Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth
 Material Issues Designation Process/Designation of the Material Issues
Material Issues Designation Process
Seven Bank’s five material issues were designated in 2019. Through means such as aware- ness-raising workshops involving all officers and employees on topics including “What is CSR?” and “Why are the SDGs necessary?”, surveys of shareholders and investors, looking at social demand, and lectures and discussions which included experts, several potential issues were identified. Based on these activities, several internal group discussions were held involv- ing the management team and employees to designate the final five material issues. After the designation, presentations were held for employees, raising awareness so that employees could perceive and work on the material issues as something directly relevant to them.
Cultivation of internal awareness
Internal workshops for all officers and employees
Identification of social issues and demand
Customer opinions
Shareholder and investor opinions Business partner opinions
Officer and employee opinions Seven & i HoldingsMaterial issues International guidelines
(GRI, SDGs, ISO 26000)
The general process involved in designating the five material issues was as follows.
Designation of the Material Issues
Seven Bank’s stakeholders are truly diverse, including customers, shareholders, business partners, members of the local community, and employees and their families. Amid an array of intertwining interests, the roles demanded of Seven Bank by society are growing more complex year by year. In the course of the designation, we identified and narrowed down issues faced by stakeholders and Seven Bank respectively, then selecting the five material issues based on degree of priority as shown below.
■ Social issues and changes Seven Bank should prioritize High
                  ●The declining birthrate and aging society
●Consumer data and privacy protection
●A society where many types of people participate in various ways
●The expansion of digital settlement and ensuring settlement security
●Increased risks from climate change
●Concentration in metropolitan areas and the emptying of non-metropolitan areas
●Growing financial crime
    ●Establishing healthy corporate governance
●Compliance
●Protecting work environment
and human rights
●Human resources development
in the workplace
●Growing poverty and disparity
●Waste reduction
Low
Vertical axis
Horizontal axis : Created in accordance with repeated internal discussions conducted with groups consisting of a wide range of job
classes, including the management team
Identified high-priority social issues and narrowed down to a group of five
12345
Medium
Low
●Consumer education on finance and other matters
●Usage of renewable materials ●Increasing customer
satisfaction
Medium High
Priority to Seven Bank
●Establishing financial access to all people
●Increasing number of non-Japanese workers due to labor shortages in Japan
●Increasing numbers of tourists from overseas
     1. Internal workshops
We studied Seven Bank’s roles and issues, which change in accordance with stakeholder expecta- tions and social demand, from the perspective of ESG management and the SDGs.
2. Discussions with experts
Based on the reasons why CSR and the SDGs are necessary as well as the social context and overviews of material issues, discussions were held between outside experts and our officers and employees regarding what issues Seven Bank should tackle.
 3. Internal group discussions
At internal discussions, employees were encour- aged to participate in the designation of the mate- rial issues in order to enable the participants to tackle the issues as something directly relevant to themselves. The social issues which the manage- ment team and employees should prioritize were narrowed down and, after repeated discussions on what Seven Bank could do (currently and in the fu- ture) and what it should do (stance), the final five material issues were designated.
  : Created in accordance with surveys of shareholders and investors (individual investors, analysts in the financial world, etc.), and officers and employees based on domestic and international CSR guidelines such as the GRI Standards and ISO 26000
 4. Employee awareness raising
Presentations were held for all employees re- garding the context, process, and goals of the designation of the material issues so that each and every employee could perceive the issues as something directly relevant to them and tackle them as part of business activities. The aim was to cultivate awareness among all employees as to what they personally as well as their division could do with regards to the material issues.
Offer a safe, secure settlement infrastructure
Create a lifestyle through new financial services
Create a society where everyone can be active
Reduce the environmental burden
Realize multicultural symbiosis
  35
36
Discussions with experts
Internal group discussions
Designation of material issues
Promotion of specific measures
Priority to stakeholders

 Material Issue 1:
Offer a Safe, Secure Settlement Infrastructure
Responding to Change Strengthening Fundamentals
     ATMs chosen by customers
Providing a safe, secure settlement infrastructure
Even greater convenience
 Uniqueness and differentiation
We offer an operating area that consolidates new functions in a subdisplay. Combinations of these functions provide various new services that address changes in society and customer needs, including cashless payment and lifestyle diversification.
Security and countermeasures to financial crime
We have strengthened security in response to financial crime becoming more sophisticated and ingenious with advances in digitalization. We provide services that can be used safely and securely at any time.
We provide an environment for comfortable use with a simple design featuring large letters and wide margins on a large display that is easy to read.
Pursuing ease of use
     ● Advanced camera and high-precision facial recognition technologies achieve personal authentication that is fast and secure.
● A large, surrounding visor gives a sense of privacy and reduces concerns about someone standing nearby glancing at another person’s transaction.
● In addition to a contactless IC reader for topping up electronic money and other functions, ATMs can read driver’s licenses, Individual Number Cards, passports, and other personal identification documents, and also have a QR code* reader function.
● Bluetooth communication provides smooth connection to a smartphone.
● ATMs can automatically detect financial crime and notify an ATM Call Center that conducts monitoring 24 hours a day.
                                                        Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth Offer a Safe, Secure Settlement Infrastructure
Even as there is demand for financial services which address the use of smartphones, the diversification of payment methods, and other changes of the times, without comprehen- sive measures for dealing with matters such as concerns about security and the increas- ing sophistication and ingenuity of financial crimes, customers cannot go about daily life with peace of mind. Seven Bank is contributing to the resolution of social issues through the provision of a settlement infrastructure which is not only convenient but which can also be used safely and securely.
Evolving ATMs
Fourth-generation ATMs that Meet Customers’ New Needs
Realizing ATMs that Operate Continuously
Collaboration with Partner Companies
   Our fourth-generation ATMs show a better version of
daily life. We began installing them in September 2019
and have replaced over 25,000 ATMs nationwide. With personal authentication using facial recognition and the capability of reading QR codes*, fourth-generation
ATMs are opening a new world of possibilities for ATM
*QR code is a registered trademark of DENSO WAVE INCORPORATED.
use as a multifunction platform with capabilities be- yond those of conventional ATMs, whose primary function was the withdrawing and depositing of cash. We are also aiming for greater operating efficiency by using AI for forecasting demands for cash and predict- ing various types of parts breakdowns.
Relations with an ATM manufacturer
Seven Bank develops and manufactures its ATMs jointly with its manufacturing partner. In their develop- ment, we aim to always stand in our customers’ shoes, share new needs and ideas between both companies, and implement new designs only after repeated study and consideration. Our ATMs are assembled in Japan by our partner company, and Seven Bank officers and employees pay unannounced observation visits in order to absolutely ensure quality. In addition, we carry out preventative maintenance such as timely inspec- tions based on information from sensors within ATMs in order to prevent ATM outages. In the event mainte- nance becomes necessary due to an unforeseen problem, we send a maintenance worker from our partner company to quickly restore service.
Collaboration with security companies and ATM Call Centers
Seven Bank’s ATMs operate 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Providing an environment that anyone can safely use requires collaboration with partner companies with highly specialized skills. Security companies respond to ATM outages and provide ATM security and secure transport. They also monitor cash demand in line with usage patterns to forecast the appropriate amount of cash to have inside an ATM and efficiently replenish cash as needed, keeping the frequency and duration of stoppages to a minimum. ATM Call Centers also monitor our ATMs 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, and remotely recover out-of-service ATMs. Through this collaboration with partner companies, Seven Bank’s ATMs are able to achieve a 99.98% operating rate.
      37
38
Seven & i Group
Seven Bank Group
Partners
Contractors
Customers
Together with providing ATM services available any- time, anywhere, to anyone, and with safety and securi- ty, we have provided our ATM network infrastructure and operations expertise and management know-how, contributing to the enhancement of customer conve- nience and the reduction of the operational and man- agement burden of the ATMs of our partner financial institutions.
We also take into consideration the challenges and needs of our partner financial institutions and continually
evolve our unique added value by, among other means, supporting cards issued overseas and various types of electronic money and offering new settlement services such as QR and bar-code settlement. In addition, we offer our expertise in preventing fraudulent accounts to our consolidated subsidiary Bank Business Factory Co., Ltd., thereby providing new support services to counter- measure money laundering and back-office support on commission, contributing to the resolution of social issues in the finance industry as a whole.
Emergency Business Continuity Preparedness
Offer safe and secure services
   Collaboration with Partner Financial Institutions
  The relays system that forms the backbone of our network, ATM Call Centers, and Contact Centers are set up in two locations in Tokyo and Osaka so that business can continue even in the event of a system issue or large-scale disaster. We have made prepara- tions so that should an issue occur at either one, the other can independently take over and continue business operations.
Further, to be able to complete a transaction uninter- rupted even when a blackout occurs during a transac- tion, Seven Bank ATMs embed Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS) batteries.
Even after the ATM is suspended, the ATM user can still inquire using the interphone and security functions are maintained, enabling secure and safe ATM usage.

                                              Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth Offer a Safe, Secure Settlement Infrastructure
Seven Bank’s System Network
Contributing to the Safety and Security of Society as a Whole
     Personal computer or smartphone
    Transaction data, etc. Security signals
ATM status monitoring Data distribution Phone calls
Cybersecurity Measures at ATMs
We implement features in our ATMs to prevent other people from being able to see the touch pad for inputting PINs and monetary amounts when in use. In order to prevent acts of communications fraud, when a customer makes a money transfer with one of our ATMs, an alert is shown on the screen or audio assis- tance is given reminding the user of potential crimes. In
Measures at Seven Bank Accounts
We strengthen measures against fraudulent accounts. When account openings are requested, we carry out thorough legal checks to prevent accounts from being
addition, we employ measures to detect irregular transactions and suspicious objects attached to ATMs, and to prevent the fraudulent capturing of card infor- mation (skimming). Moreover, to prevent financial crime from spreading, our ATMs are compatible with interna- tional-standard IC cards, and a system has been introduced to detect fraudulent ATM use.
used for crime. In addition, we take a variety of mea- sures to address crimes targeting Internet transactions after accounts are opened.
         ATM
  Seven Bank Tokyo
  Operations center
Financial Crime Risk Strategy Planning and Prevention Division
Banking system
  Accounting system
 Relay system
 ATM Call Center Contact Center
 Seven Bank Osaka
Maintenance center
Backup center
 Banking system
 Accounting system
 Relay system
 ATM Call Center Contact Center
 Partner financial institutions’ systems
ACSiON Information Security Measures
   In response to issues faced by companies such as fraudulent transactions and the increasing sophistica- tion and ingenuity of cyber attacks, ACSiON, Ltd., a joint venture of Seven Bank and Information Services International-Dentsu, Ltd., provides a fraud detection platform and a personal authentication platform as cloud security services, not only to financial institutions but also corporations. On April 23, 2021, ACSiON, Ltd. acquired two international standard certifications: ISO 27001 (information security management system) and ISO 27017 (cloud security).
ACSiON will protect the information that is a key to corporate or organizational management resource from any and all threats and contribute to the realization of a safe and strong society.
    Integrated ATM network:
       Zengin system
BOJ-Net
       Staff dispatched to ATM locations
IS 736851 / ISO27001
CLOUD 736852 / ISO27017
        ATM Antibacterial and Antiviral Coating
Since April 2021, Seven Bank has been applying the Dr. HardoLass* antibacterial and antiviral coating to touch screens, input pads, interphones, and other ATM areas for the safety and security of customers amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
*Dr. HardoLass is a high purity glass coating developed by HardoLass Holdings Co., Ltd. Antimicrobial and antiviral, it has received the SIAA mark certification of safety.
   Security operations offices
Security operations center
Report Police
       Relay system
Accounting system
:
:
System to relay the data on ATM transactions with our business partners such as partner financial institutions and transmit/receive data that is necessary for the administration of ATM operations to external operational bases.
System to provide account services of Seven Bank such as ordinary deposits and personal loan services.
System network to connect ATMs of financial institutions with different business models such as city and regional banks.
Abbreviation of “Zenkoku Ginko (nationwide banks) data transmission system.” This system exchanges data regarding transactions such as money transfers between domestic banks and conducts fund settlements. Almost all private financial institutions in Japan such as banks and Shinkin banks are part of this system.
            Integrated ATM network :
       Zengin system
:
       39
40

 Material Issue 2:
Create a Lifestyle through New Financial Services
                                                      Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth Create a Lifestyle Through New Financial Services
As society changes and technology evolves, customer values and lifestyles are also becom- ing more diverse, and there is a need for financial services which are more close-by and con- venient. Seven Bank is aiming for innovation in financial services unrestricted by convention.
The First ATM that Supports the Individual Number Card!
Partnering with Regional Electronic Currencies
 Start of ATM Partnership with Setagaya Pay
  Contribute to Regional Revitalization via Easy Top-up
Seven Bank has started an ATM partnership with Setagaya Pay*, a digital gift certificate and regional currency issued and operated by the Setagaya Federa- tion of Shopping Centers Promotion Association, and Seven Bank ATMs have been able to be used to top up Setagaya Pay accounts since February 2021.
Money topped up to Setagaya Pay accounts can be used at over 400 businesses in Setagaya, including restaurants and stores (as well as a portion of 7-Eleven
×
stores in Setagaya).
This marks Seven Bank’s third partnership with a
virtual regional currency following SARUBOBO COIN and AQUACOIN.
*This partnership is conducted as a three party initiative together with the MoneyEasy Setagaya Pay platform provider finnovalley co., Ltd.
  Image of ATM screen
Unique Account Services
Seven Bank provides account services that can be used according to the customer’s lifestyle—at Seven Bank ATMs or with a personal computer or smartphone. We will create new customer experiences by providing new styles of products and services suited to individual customers, aiming for more convenient accounts and financial services that are easy for everyone to use.
  41
42
Applications for Individual Number Card Points
“My Seven Bank” App
The My Seven Bank app was launched in April 2020. The app provides convenient financial services that are easy for anyone to use. For example, applying to open a new account through the app can be completed in as little as 10 minutes.*1 The app can also be used to de- posit and withdraw money at Seven Bank ATMs and make use of personal loan services*2 even before a new account’s cash card arrives. In addition, the My Seven Bank app can be used for deposit and withdrawal inqui- ries, checking nanaco*3 electronic money balance and points, confirming debit service usage details, and per- sonal loan service applications, as well as linking a “Small Change Investment App TORANOKO”*4 account and checking and topping off the investment balance.
Seven Bank will continue to create new financial ser- vices suited to individual customers for a better version of customers’ daily life.
 As part of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communi- cations’ Individual Number Card Points program, Seven Bank was selected as a private business to provide machines supporting applications for the program. Since August 2020, people have been able to apply for Individual Number Card Points using Seven Bank ATMs nationwide.
An Individual Number Card and device equipped with card reader capabilities (such as a smartphone or a personal computer and electronic card reader) are needed in order to apply for Individual Number Card Points. Seven Bank ATMs, however, are equipped to read Individual Number Cards, and have proven to be popular because they can be easily used even by people who have difficulty using a smartphone or personal computer to apply.
After opening the account application screen from the My Seven Bank app, the customer enters the re- quired items, then completes the personal authentica- tion process by using the smartphone’s camera to photograph and send personal identification documents and a picture of his or her face.
Creating an account via My Seven Bank app
 *For more information about the Individual Number Card Points program, please see the program website. Individual Number Card Points program: https://mynumbercard.point.soumu.go.jp/doc/en_leaflet.pdf
Applications to Use an Individual Number Card as a Health Insurance Card
 An application is required in order to use an Individual Number Card as a health insurance card.
Since March 2021, Seven Bank ATMs have been able to be used to make the required application.
All a user needs to do is to press the “マイナンバーカ ードでの手続き”(Individual Number Card procedures) on the ATM screen and follow the provided on-screen instructions. The application can be completed by entering one’s four-digit Individual Number Card PIN.
Download the app and tap “Open account”
Enter required information
Photograph and send images of personal identification documents and of your face
*For more information about using an Individual Number Card as a health insurance card, please see the following websites. Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare website: https://www.mhlw.go.jp/stf/newpage_08277.html (in Japanese) Mynaportal: https://myna.go.jp/html/hokenshoriyou_top.html (in Japanese)
*User Individual Numbers are not utilized in the application process.
*1.
*2. *3. *4.
For an application received between 9:00 and 19:00 on business days from a customer possessing a driver’s license issued in Japan. Using the robotic process automation (RPA) functions for account-opening operations of our consolidated subsidiary Bank Business Factory Co., Ltd., the customer can open an account in as little as 10 minutes after the application is received.
A designated screening is required for personal loan service applications.
Electronic money issued by Seven Card Service Co., Ltd.
Service operated by Seven Bank’s equity-method affiliate TORANOTEC Asset Management Ltd.

 Material Issue 3:
Create a Society Where Everyone Can Be Active
 “Eruboshi” Certification Mark
Having met the criteria in the five evaluation categories for “Eruboshi” certification, we have received Level 3 certification, the highest grade, from the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, as an excellent company in terms of providing an environment that promotes active participation by female employees.
   Average service years of employees
 7.7 years
 Ratio of female managers*3
 18.2%
 Ratio of employment of persons with disabilities*4
 2.1%
 Ratio of paid leave taken by employees
  70.5%
  Number of employees*1
286
184
470
 Number of part-time employees*2
0
0
0
 Number of temporary staff
 8
17
25
 Fiscal 2020
  Number of uses of leave for volunteer activities
 0
 Occupational accident frequency rate*6
  0.0%
 Occupational accident severity rate*7
0.0%
 Number of contacts received at the Help Line for employees
 0
 Average employee overtime per month
  21.6 hours
  Number of employees who took a leave for childcare*5
4
7
11
 Number of employees who took a leave for nursing care
 0
0
0
Number of employees who used the shorter work-hour system*8
 1
19
20
                                              Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth Create a Society Where Everyone Can Be Active
In order to realize a society in which no one is left behind, we must create an environment in which diverse people can flourish. In addition, in order to realize sustainable corporate growth, improved productivity through the enhancement of employee capabilities, the active participation of diverse human resources, and the creation of workplaces suited to flexible working styles are essential. Seven Bank is engaging in a variety of initiatives in order to achieve fulfilling lifestyles as well as the continuous development of society.
Toward a Society to Leave No One Behind
Creating Workplaces Where Diverse Human
Resources Can Flourish
2021 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations “White 500” Recognition
   Voice Guidance Service
We provide a voice guidance service so that visually impaired customers can access our ATMs with peace of mind even when on their own. Using this service, customers can make deposits, withdraw money, or check their balance by operating an ATM in accor- dance with voice guidance provided over the built-in
*Voice guidance is supported for transactions with more than 500 of Seven Bank’s partner financial institutions.
Services for Cards Issued Overseas
We have heard from many persons who have come to Japan for tourism and other reasons that it is difficult to obtain Japanese yen after entering the country.
We provide a service at all Seven Bank ATMs which makes it possible to withdraw Japanese yen using cash and credit cards issued overseas.
Our ATMs can also be used in 12 languages (Japa- nese, English, Chinese [simplified], Chinese [traditional],
Non-Japanese Residents with Accounts
Seven & i Holdings was recognized in the 2021 Certi- fied Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations “White 500” announced by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry in March 2021.
The 2021 Certified Health & Productivity Manage- ment Outstanding Organizations “White 500” is a system operated by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry which recognizes outstanding companies implementing health and productivity management based on initiatives in line with regional health issues
and health promotion initiatives promoted by the Nippon Kenko Kaigi.
As a member of the Seven & i Group, Seven Bank will continue to strengthen initiatives which contribute to community life and the healthy
growth and development of
society, and aim to be a compa-
ny which is trusted by and
continues to be needed by its
employees and all members of society.
  interphone.* This service is available through all of the more than 25,000 Seven Bank ATMs nationwide.
Interphone (telephone) location
Location on new ATMs
Location on early model ATMs
Korean, Thai, Malaysian, Indonesian, Vietnamese, French, German, and Portuguese). Seven Bank helps to make it possible for
people from around the
world to have an enjoy-
able time in Japan.
Image of ATM screen
Promoting an Action Plan for Participation by Women
We have formulated and are promoting an action plan to enable women to demonstrate their capabilities and develop their careers.
1. Plan period : April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2022
  2. Targets 3. Content
: (1) Women comprising at least 40% of new hires. (2) A paid leave utilization rate of at least 70%.
: To gradually improve the ratio of women
employees among full-time employees, Seven
Bank will conduct unbiased employee hiring;
Seven Bank will also create an environment
which enables the realization of favorable
work-life balance and prevents employee turnover due to life stage changes (such as marriage, childbirth, childcare, and nursing care), increasing the medium- to long-term employee retention.
 Data on Diversity
Data on employees and employment (as of March 31, 2021)
    Male
Female
Total
Numbers of employees promoted to regular employees under Regular Employee Promotion System
5
     In order to help non-Japanese persons living in Japan to use Seven Bank ATMs with peace of mind, Seven Bank ATM account deposit, withdrawal, and interna- tional money transfer screens are available in nine languages (Japanese, English, Tagalog, Chinese, Portuguese, Spanish, Vietnamese, Indonesian, and Thai). In the event something is unclear with regards to
a Seven Bank account, support is provided by a Contact Center available in the aforementioned nine languages as well as the
Myanmar language.
*1. Excluding officers, executive officers, employees seconded from the Bank to external companies, part-time employees and temporary staff; and including employees seconded from external companies to the Bank.
*2. Number of part-time employees: Average number of workers per month assuming eight work hours a day
*3. Ratio of female managers excludes those seconded from the Bank to Seven & i Group companies and those seconded to the Bank from companies outside
the Group but includes those seconded to the Bank from Group companies.
*4. Ratio of employment of persons with disabilities as of April 1, 2021
Data on employees and employment (Fiscal 2020)
   Male Female
Total
     Mobile ATM Service Dispatched after Disasters
In case of a large-scale disaster or other event resulting in 7-Eleven stores being damaged and their ATMs becoming unable to be used, we maintain two mobile ATM trucks. After the Great East Japan Earthquake, these trucks traveled around Miyagi Prefecture, sup- porting post-disaster recovery in the region.
Image of ATM screen
  43
44
*5. Number of employees who took childcare leave in fiscal 2020
*6. Occupational accident frequency rate = (Number of occupational accidents occurred/Cumulative work hours) × 1,000,000 *7. Occupational accident severity rate = (Lost work days due to an accident/Cumulative work hours) × 1,000
*8. Number of employees who used the system due to childcare or nursing care

                                              Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth
 Create a Society Where Everyone Can Be Active
Creating Opportunities Enabling Employees to Demonstrate Their Capabilities
Revising the personnel system
 Seven Future Meetings
We began holding Seven Future Meetings, in which the President and young employees engage in a free and open discussion, in October 2020.
The purpose of the meetings is for young employees to see any and all company issues as their own, and in turn feel a sense of responsibility and meaning in their work. The meetings are also opportunities for the President to directly contact with young employees, incorporate and
reflect their opinions in the corporate management.
To date, 24 meetings have been held with around 130 participants. Each meeting, around four young employees and the President engage in a discussion online. Also serving as a space where young employees can interact with each other, the meetings additionally help to stimulate communication.
  Periodic employee engagement surveys
Revising the personnel system
In order to enable each and every employee to be motivated in their work, we revised our entire personnel system, including redefining the roles of employees at all levels, and revising our evaluation system so that it focuses more on individual growth.
Team management training
Aiming to strengthen organizational capabilities in new environments in accordance with changes in working styles and society accelerated by the pandemic, we conducted management training primarily for on-site managers over a five-month period on the during- and post-COVID-19 age.
Support for autonomous employee career development
Workstyle Reform Initiatives
Aiming to increase the efficiency of internal common work and improve work environments so as to enable employees to focus on their primary missions, in 2018, we began working to reform workstyles, launching the Seven Work Design Project team.
With regards to work tasks, we strove to optimize work procedures, reform internal office automation, pro- mote a paperless office and reduce in-person meetings to improve employee productivity. At the same time, with regards to office environments, we took measures
*CX: An abbreviation for “corporate transformation”
such as promoting non-fixed offices, enhancing internal communication tools and other infrastructure, and loan- ing smartphones to all employees, establishing an envi- ronment which enables flexible working styles.
In response to the changing environment, the mis- sion of workstyle reform so that employees and the company can realize sustainable growth has been taken over by the CX* Project Team from this fiscal year. The coordinated reformation of our business model and workstyles will lead to further corporate transformation.
Employee and organizational capabilities
 Team management training
Support for autonomous employee career development
To encourage the independent career development of ambitious employees, we introduced an internal recruit- ment system to match organizations with the careers desired by individual employees. In addition, we also revised our rules on side jobs in order to expand opportunities to flourish outside of the company.
Periodic employee engagement surveys
We conduct periodic employee engagement surveys. By accurately gauging and analyzing the state of workplaces and organizations as seen from the stand- points of employees, we aim to implement timely and appropriate policies and also realize the creation of workplaces that are worthwhile and easy to work in.
        Promoting Work from Home during the COVID-19 Pandemic
We implemented the following measures in response to the environmental changes brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic:
- Adopted a work from home system, originally only available to a portion of employees, for all employees - Expanded a system for moving work start and end times forward or back (staggered working hours)
- Created a network environment for work from home - Introduced an online meeting system
45
46

 Material Issue 4:
Reduce the Environmental Burden
  Reducing ATM Slip Waste
For some time, we have reduced paper waste by having customers press a button to indicate whether they would like a receipt to be issued at our ATMs.
Recently, in order to further reduce waste, we eliminated the slips that were previ- ously automatically issued when an incorrect PIN was entered or when there was an insufficient account balance. We also implemented programming to enable smooth transactions, such as voice guidance which draws customer attention to the ATM screen, and the addition of buttons which makes it easy to continue with one’s transaction even after an incorrect input.
ご利用明細票
取引日時 2021年 07月 06日 09:00
取扱銀行番号 0100 店舗番号 0711 カード番号 0100-
   取引内容
お引き出し IC
取引金額
¥10,000*
手数料
¥105*
取引残高
¥226,000*
These measures have resulted in an annual reduction of around 18.90 million slips.
                                                        Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth
 Reduce the Environmental Burden
The deterioration of the environment severely affects the sustainability of a company. In addition, the risks of climate change could become a grave threat to future generations. Seven Bank is strengthening initiatives to reduce its environmental burden and is working with the companies of the Seven & i Group to resolve environmental issues.
Reducing Energy Usage
Reducing CO2 Emissions through the Installation of Fourth-generation ATMs
Reducing Waste Generation
Thorough ATM Recycling
When remodeling or closing a 7-Eleven store, or when putting in a new fourth-generation ATM, old ATMs are collected and, if the body can be reused, it undergoes maintenance and is put back into use or even individual
parts will be reused in other machines. ATMs which are too old and can no longer be reused are recycled with the help of recycling business operators, thus achiev- ing a recycling rate of around 100% for ATMs.
 Promoting the Recycling of Printed Matter
  The fourth-generation ATMs that we began installing in Second-generation September 2019 reduced energy consumption by ATM
roughly 40% compared with the third-generation mod-
els. With roughly 25,000 ATMs in operation, this equates
to an approximately 6,050-ton* reduction in yearly CO2 emissions. These ATMs are designed to use energy efficiently; for example, when not processing customer transactions, they remain in an energy-saving mode.
*Calculated with a CO2 emission coefficient of 0.000500 t-CO2/kWh.
Third-generation ATM
Additional
40% reduction in energy consumption
Fourth-generation ATM
With printed matter such as “Mori no Senshi (Guardian of the Forest) Bonolon” books and Seven Bank ac- count leaflets, we strive to print only the amount required at the time of printing. Printed matter whose contents have become out of date, however, is subject to disposal. Seven Bank recycles not only the paper
waste generated at its offices but also such printed matter tagged for disposal, working to reduce garbage production as well as the amount of new wood (pulp) used, contributing to the conservation of forest re- sources.
      48% reduction in energy consumption
Usage of Renewable Materials
 Reducing Frequency of ATM Cash Transportation
functionality, we are striving to purchase products and services prioritizing the fulfillment of requirements to reduce environmental burden, such as whether hazard- ous chemicals are used and whether the relevant item can be used for a long time, reused and recycled in order to realize a circulating society.
Promoting reduced paper usage by eliminating requirements for stamps and signatures
We use FSC® certified paper for the cash envelopes and various leaflets at our ATMs and copies of the children’s picture book “Mori no Senshi (Guardian of the Forest) Bonolon,” which are distributed mainly at 7-Eleven stores.
Forest Stewardship Council (FSC®) certified paper is paper made from lumber cut from properly managed forests or other low-risk lumber. Seven Bank will continue to expand the use of environment-friendly FSC® certified paper.
Environmental Data
Dramatic progress in energy saving
Green Procurement Initiative
We have established and are implementing a policy, with regards to the office supplies we use internally as well as printing services, of procuring items with a low environmental burden from suppliers who promote environmental conservation.
In the selection of office supplies and printing services, in addition to the required quality and
 A security company must transport cash by vehicle when replenishing an ATM. The security company reduces CO2 emissions from transporting cash by analyzing the usage of each ATM separately and
Reducing Paper Usage
reducing the frequency of cash transportation.
In addition, we achieve stable, efficient operation of
ATMs in 7-Eleven stores by putting cash from store sales proceeds into their ATMs.
Utilization of Forest Stewardship Council (FSC®) Certified Paper
     We are promoting the digitization of various Seven Bank account services. In July 2021, we eliminated the requirement for stamps and registered signatures for a portion of account procedures. This eliminates the paperwork required for said stamps and signatures, promoting reduced paper usage.
It is not uncommon for account procedure paper- work to be required to be re-submitted due to reasons
such as discrepancies with the stamp registered to the account, and additional paperwork is also required for situations such as providing notification of the loss of a stamp registered to an account, burdening customers. Eliminating procedure requirements for stamps and signatures also enables customers to complete these procedures more smoothly.
FSC®N002571
Volume of OA paper purchased
2017 2018 2019 2020
   (Thousand kWh)
2,000 1,500 1,000
500
Electricity usage*
(Offices, staffed outlets, ATM corners directly managed by Seven Bank)
(Thousand sheets of paper)
5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
00 2010 2017 2018 2019 2020
(Fiscal Year)
  47
*Mainly based on requests from the government, Seven Bank uses fiscal 2010 as a standard.
The data on 25,000 ATMs nationwide is not included in the chart above because the electricity to run the ATMs is from the facilities that house our ATMs. 48

 Material Issue 5:
Realize Multicultural Symbiosis
                                                    Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth
 Realize Multicultural Symbiosis
We are working to make Japan a place international people will choose.
In order to realize a society which is convenient and easy to live in for non-Japanese per- sons, Seven Bank has supported coexistence with local communities and has provided a variety of financial services, starting with an international money transfer service in 2011. Seven Bank will continue to strive to improve its international money transfer service as well as to develop new financial services.
Creating an Environment Which is Easy for
Non-Japanese Residents to Live In
Started International Money Transfer Service via the Smartphone App Sendy
In addition, Credd Finance, Ltd., a joint venture of Seven Bank and Shinsei Bank, Limited., has, together with APLUS Co., Ltd., launched the following two services for non-Japanese resident customers. Since their launch, these services have received applications from persons of a variety of nationalities.
Start of Availability of Credit Cards for Non-Japanese Residents
  To meet the needs of customers seeking to transfer money easily, conveniently, and for a reasonable fee, Seven Global Remit, Ltd., a subsidiary of Seven Bank, launched an international money transfer service for Vietnam using the Sendy smartphone app in March 2021. Cash can be topped up (deposited) at any of Seven Bank’s more than 25,000 ATMs in Japan and then easily transferred internationally from a Sendy app account.
In August 2020, Credd Finance began offering the Sendy Credit Card, a credit card not just for permanent residence status holders, but non-Japanese residents with a wide range of residence statuses permitting work in Japan. A cardless credit card in which no physical plastic card is issued, the card can be used for shopping on e-commerce sites by entering the required information and, by registering the relevant information
in various smartphone settlement methods, used for shopping in brick-and-mortar stores. The card can also be used for cash advances.
Image of the card
(no actual plastic card is issued)
 Service overview
Top up cash anytime at a Seven Bank ATM
Digitize cash via smartphone
In October 2020, Credd Finance began offering an unsecured purpose-specific loan service for non-Japa- nese residents. The service is available to not just permanent residence status holders, but non-Japanese residents with a wide range of residence statuses
permitting work in Japan. Unsecured and not requiring a guarantor, the service’s loans can be used for pur- chasing a car, education expenses, and a variety of other uses.
Start of Availability of Purpose-specific Loans for Non-Japanese Residents
    Make an international money transfer anytime from one’s account balance
Easy to use Multiple language options
Money is deposited into the recipient’s account in Vietnam
Real-time rate *Recipient must be registered via the app in advance
Funds can be used for purchasing a car, education, driving school, moving, medical care and beauty treatments, and home renovation.
   A BaaS* mechanism developed by fintech company Kipp Financial Technologies, Inc. is used to deliver the service, enabling customers to pay more reasonable
money transfer fees by connecting to DBS Bank’s international money transfer system (DBS Remit API).
Coexistence with Local Communities
 49
50
*Baas: Banking as a Service. The provision of capabilities and services provided by a financial institution as a cloud service via an API.
We have concluded agreements with municipal public organizations in areas with many non-Japanese resi- dents to cooperate in promoting multicultural symbiosis
and have made it possible to get local information and emergency information during disasters through our international money transfer app.
  
 Social Contribution Activities
                                               Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth
 Social Contribution Activities
As a corporate citizen moving forward together with society, Seven Bank proactively en- gages in social contribution activities in close communication with society.
For Future Generations
Cosponsoring “Mori no Senshi Bonolon”
Forest Conservation Activities
Employees of the entire Seven & i Group proactively volunteer in various activities, including environmental activities carried out by the Bank, to contribute to the preservation of the earth’s environment and to local communities.
In 2020, activities were suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Each year, however, we engage in a variety of initiatives, including participation in forest preservation activities through the Seven Forest project in cooperation with the Seven-Eleven Memorial Foun- dation, community cleanup activities, and food dona- tions to food banks. These activities help raise the environmental awareness of every employee.
A Society Where Everyone Can Be Active
Audible Traffic Signals for the Visually Impaired
   Through being read picture books, children ask ques- tions such as “why?” and “how?” Such questions are said to nurture children’s sensibilities, cultivate their thinking skills, and foster sociability.
“Mori no Senshi (Guardian of the Forest) Bonolon” is a picture book series which is published for free for the children of today who will be our future, and in order to engender parent-child communication through picture books. Endorsing this mindset, Seven Bank has sup- ported “Mori no Senshi Bonolon” for over 15 years, since 2005, and in December 2021, “Mori no Senshi Bonolon” will celebrate its 100th issue.
Some 800 thousand copies of “Mori no Senshi Bonolon” are published every even month and distrib- uted at Seven Bank Headquarters, 7-Eleven stores across the country, and other group businesses. Large-sized versions are also created for reading aloud to children, and we also engage in initiatives which support reading out loud activities.
Bonolon Drawing Contest
Each year, we hold a Bonolon drawing contest, treasur- ing communication with readers.
In fiscal 2020, we invited children to submit draw- ings based on the theme of “Bonolon and green nature.” Out of around 1,300 submissions, seven were awarded prizes, including a first prize award.
Participation in Kids Festa
We exhibited at the 2020 fall Kids Festa sponsored by the National Institution For Youth Education. Around 80 parents and children came to the Seven Bank section, and we held an event in which Seven Bank employees read a large-sized Bonolon book aloud, as well as a Bonolon exercise event. Together with Bonolon, parents and children
spent a fun time com- municating with each other.
©COAMIX, ©Together with Bonolon, 2007
Presentation of Donations to Nippon Broad- casting System’s “Radio Charity Musicthon” Seven Bank ATMs provide a voice guidance service so that visually impaired customers can access our ATMs. (See page 43 for details.)
As a means of spreading awareness and utilization of this service, we cooperated with Nippon Broadcast- ing System’s “Radio Charity Musicthon,” a charity which collects funds to install audible traffic signals enabling visually impaired persons to walk streets with peace of mind. We collected funds through a variety of means, including click donations (in which one click on our website resulted in a donation of ¥1), and voice guidance system usage donations (in which usage of the service resulted in a donation of ¥100), as well as donations directly from customers with Seven Bank accounts.
As a result, we presented ¥646,981 in donations to the “46th Radio Charity Musicthon.”
President Yasuaki Funatake with a letter of thanks (left) and Nippon Broadcasting System President Maki Hiwara (right)
        Support Activities for Disaster Victims and Disaster-Afflicted Areas
  51
52
Seven Bank solicits donations to support victims of disasters such as earthquakes and typhoons. The Seven Bank website has a dedicated page that ac- cepts donations from Seven Bank account holders and employees. As a Groupwide initiative, Seven Bank is
continuing activities to support victims’ lives and the restoration of disaster-afflicted areas.
 Thorough measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 were taken, including ensuring sufficient space between seats, ventilating the area, and implementing diligent disinfection.

                                               Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth Conversation between the President and an Outside Director
    53
54
Sound Corporate Governance Derived from Ongoing Discussion
You were appointed as an outside director in June 2018 with the expectation that you will lever- age your insight into overseas operations to provide advice on Seven Bank’s business strategies and personnel usage. What are your thoughts on the way the Board of Directors works?
Kuroda The Bank’s four independent outside direc- tors, including myself, all have different backgrounds. As each of us can speak from our individual experi- ences, it leads to dynamic and valuable discussions. Recently we have discussed some very stimulating topics, including how to position our main ATM business as society moves toward cashless payment. Funatake Seven Bank’s operations are deeply con- nected to the everyday lives of every director, which leads to lively discussions that incorporate our users’ perspectives. In regard to the move toward cashless payment, one director shared the opinion that “We need to have a sense of urgency as this movement is progressing faster than expected.” We, Seven Bank’s management team, agree.
Kuroda We were given briefings by executive officers who presented strategy and the current status of divisions they are in charge of. This has given me a
deeper understanding of Seven Bank’s initiatives and the challenges it faces.
Funatake I think these briefings by each division are an excellent opportunity to not only gain an under- standing of operations, but also to get to know the people involved. We plan to continue the initiative going forward.
Companies are now fully engaged in tack- ling the SDGs. What is your view of initiatives by companies in Japan?
Kuroda The SDGs were adopted by the United Nations in 2015, and at first there was not much awareness regarding the goals among corporate management in Japan. However, four years later, in 2019, my consulting company investigated the top 100 Japanese companies in terms of sales and found that 90% had actually made a public commitment to the SDGs. This spread of awareness suggests there is more momentum here than overseas.
Although many Japanese companies are engaged in achieving the SDGs, foreign experts have been quite critical of the superficiality and formality of the actual actions being taken. Unfortunately, I have to agree.
and changing their businesses’ direction toward operations that generate new economic and social value. Such thinking is known as “Creatinng Shared Value” (CSV) , which Michael Porter and Mark Kramer have been advocating for the past 10 years. It is an approach in which the value created in this manner is shared by companies with various stakeholders. Funatake We also created a matrix that mapped out issues in terms of importance to stakeholders and importance to the Bank, and then worked with em- ployees to identify which issues should be tackled as a priority.
Kuroda There are a lot of companies that are creating materiality maps that map out issues in terms of importance to stakeholders and the company itself, so that they can identify issues that are a priority to both, and then sharing these maps on their websites. I think it was good that Seven Bank took a step forward and summarized the material issues ’ into five themes . Even in companies that are passionate about tackling the SDGs, these matrix maps sometimes end up being created by the division responsible for CSR. I think Seven Bank’s approach is more advanced in that it is a bottom-up approach based on employee participation and that the five major themes identified through the mapping process are being used as a basis for management strategy.
Funatake
Funatake
Evaluation and Expectations regarding Seven Bank’s Sustainability Initiatives
What kind of action do you think should be taken to sustainably create corporate value?
Kuroda The value that can be created by companies includes financial value and social value. Until recently, companies created social value by giving a portion of profits back to society in the form of CSR activities. Therefore, economic value and social value was considered to be a trade-off. However, nowadays, an approach that aims to create both kinds of value has become more common.
The reasons behind this include the fact that social issues have become more severe to the extent that they threaten the foundations of business activities, an awareness that solving social issues can lead to business opportunities, and an awareness that tackling social issues is crucial to gaining the support of a variety of stakeholders. Among these, I think the biggest factor driving change is that investors expect companies to pursue solutions for social issues.
Recently, more and more companies have been pursuing self-sustainability, or in other words, they have started making their own businesses more sustainable,
Funatake
 SDG Initiatives
by Companies in Japan
 SDGs and Seven Bank’s
Material Issues
—An Essential Perspective for Sustainable Company Management
 Yasuaki Funatake
Seven Bank’s President and Representative Director
×
Yukiko Kuroda
Outside Director (Independent Officer)
  
   Multicultural Symbiosis Being Advanced by Seven Bank
 Reaffirming the Bank’s Reason for Being—Formulating the Purpose
 Leveraging Diversity to Generate Innovative Business
                                                55
56
Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth Conversation between the President and an Outside Director
 Funatake At Seven Bank, we held internal workshops and exchanges of opinion with experts and other stakeholders. We believed that a sense of engage- ment and understanding among employees was crucial for identifying material issues.
Clarifying a reason for being (Purpose) is an important matter for a company. It must have been quite a challenge to formulate the Purpose of Seven Bank. Funatake A lot of people are saying the Purpose is important, even within the Bank. We reached the landmark 20th year since the Bank’s founding which made people want to reaffirm the Group’s reason for being. Therefore, we gathered almost 50 members of staff, ranging from upper management to young employees, divided them into a number of teams, and then carried out 14 rounds of discussions. With each discussion, each team got closer to narrowing down a theme. We gradually came to share the essential ideas of all our employees. There were various kinds of expressions though.
Kuroda Seven Bank started from its ATM business and a topic that was repeatedly discussed during Board of Directors’ meetings is what direction it should take going forward. We felt that to set a path, we first needed to clarify what we exist for, so I think the formulation of the Purpose was well-timed. It advocates
“going beyond the wishes of our customers” and I look forward to seeing how this will manifest.
Nowadays it is natural for people of different cultures who speak different languages to cross national borders. 7-Eleven stores receive customers from various different countries. These people are also Seven Bank customers. Going forward, we need a bigger response to multicultural symbiosis.
Kuroda Realization of multicultural symbiosis is one of the five material issues and I think it is a theme that is unique to Seven Bank. I am also personally interested in it. Foreigners living in Japan face various inconve- niences and difficulties in their lives. The easy-to-use international money transfer service provided by Seven Bank has value for foreigners living in Japan and it also provides value to their families in their home countries who receive the transfers. This business also generates economic value for Seven Bank, so I think it is an excellent example of CSV. I also heard that you are getting involved with commu- nities of foreigners living in Japan in order to work with local governments to find ways to meet needs that will improve their lifestyles. This is pioneering in terms of building an ecosystem.
Funatake Before we started the international money transfer service, we heard that in order to transfer money to their home countries, foreigners were having to take time off work in order to go to a bank and then pay expensive transfer fees. A lot of them were saying it would be easier if they could withdraw and send money at convenience stores.
Kuroda When carrying out money transfers through a bank, it is not just the high fees that are a problem, they also have to fill out documents in Japanese. Being able to send money through an ATM that has multilingual capabilities and no burdensome proce- dures for low fees is very valuable.
Funatake Currently, money transfers can be carried out in nine languages using Seven Bank ATMs. However, when we first started the service, it took a
fair amount of time and effort to make people aware of it.
Kuroda What kind of strategies did you use when launching the service?
Funatake We realized that the service would not survive for a long time on just low fees alone. We decided to provide the service in nine languages in order to offer benefits to the customer and ensure that the business will last. Since then, many people have told us that they are happy to be able to send money in their native languages.
Kuroda For a long time, it has been difficult for for- eigners working in Japan to open an account with a Japanese bank. It looks like this inconvenience has finally been resolved.
Funatake In our new Medium-Term Management Plan, we have made offering “services that compre- hensively support financial and daily life aspects of non-Japanese residents and are chosen by them” into part of our retail strategy. We want to support foreign- ers working in Japan to the extent that they can live a lifestyle that is as convenient as living in their native country.
Kuroda If these people use Seven Bank, it will not only lead to profit for the Bank, but it might also be a foothold when developing business overseas in the future.
Kuroda One of the focuses of the Medium-Term Management Plan is “corporate transformation.” All employees are expected to avoid staying within the comfort zone provided by the Bank in its current form and instead take on challenges and realize innovation. Funatake There are two important elements to corpo- rate transformation. One is to transform the Bank’s culture. This requires the mindset of each individual employee to change first. The other is the need to revise the Bank’s business itself in a way that is backed up by data. In other words, this means realizing the digital transformation (DX) of the Bank. I think the key to achieving this will be the Corporate
Kuroda
Funatake
Transformation (CX) Project we are advancing which engages employees in changing the Bank.
Kuroda Since Seven Bank has a relatively short history of just 20 years, you have recruited a lot of mid-career employees with a range of different back- grounds. This means that the Bank is rich in diversity. However, the number of women in management roles is still an issue.
Funatake While we have women who are actively participating in internal projects, the current situation is that there are still few candidates who can take on the heavy responsibilities of company management. Kuroda It might be crucial to approach this issue as seriously as possible, including by recruiting people from outside of the Bank. How you cultivate the people who will underpin the Bank’s operations into the future will be key to corporate transformation. There is no time to waste in building new businesses aimed at five or 10 years into the future on top of the platform provided by the Bank’s stable ATM opera- tions business. Being creative and building new businesses comes with risk, but I would like to see Seven Bank create innovative businesses that no other Japanese banks have, as well as further strengthen its global business, so that it can grow into a company that can tackle social issues globally.
 
                                               Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth
Management Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance System
Initiatives to Strengthen Corporate Governance (FY2020)
  Basic Views
As a bank that owns and operates an ATM network that manages deposits from a large number of customers and has a nature similar to that of public infrastructure, the Bank recognizes that ensuring disciplined corpo- rate management is vital in responding to social trust and seeks to ensure effective corporate governance. This is achieved by maintaining and improving corpo- rate governance and compliance systems to ensure transparent, fair and swift managerial decision making; clarifying the roles and responsibilities of executives and employees; strengthening management oversight
Independence of Offificers
Independent Outside Director
4/7 57.1%
Main Items and Descriptions
Number of meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board Average attendance of Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
14 100.0% (Fiscal 2020)
Corporate Governance Structure
Management Oversight Functions
Appoint/Dismiss Directors
Board of Directors
functions; and ensuring equitable operations. The Bank adopts the organizational form of a
Company with Audit & Supervisory Board Members. At the Board of Directors, the Bank ensures effective corporate governance through decision making by Directors with executive authority over operations who are well versed in the Bank’s operations and Outside Directors who have considerable experience and insight in their areas of expertise as well as through audits by the Audit & Supervisory Board Members.
Ensuring independence
Number of meetings of the Board of Directors Average attendance of Outside Directors
13 96.15% (Fiscal 2020)
Chairperson of the Nomination & Compensation Committee
Independent Outside Director
The Bank has positioned strengthening governance as a key management issue in order to achieve sustainable growth.
In fiscal 2019, the Bank revised the ratio of Outside Directors to Directors (as of June 21, 2021, four out of seven Directors are Independent Outside Directors) and took other steps to reinforce the governance system. In fiscal 2020, the Bank implemented the following opera- tional reforms in order to further strengthen the gover- nance system.
We have enhanced the duration and quality of strategic discussions on how to respond to the chang- es in the environment around us, and the purpose of Seven Bank and what value to offer in a time of great transformation.
The Medium-Term Management Plan (FY2021– FY2025), which the Bank announced in May 2021, was also formulated in line with extensive discussion by the Board of Directors.
  Major initiative
  Objective
   Revision of criteria for agenda items at Board of Directors’ meetings
 To revise criteria for agenda items (decision-making authority) for Board of Directors’ meetings to optimize the number of items and ensure enough time for strategy discussion
 Establishment of system for sharing information (sharing of materials in advance)
   To establish a system for sharing information with Board members and share materials that form the basis for the agenda items and strategy discussion ahead of time to deepen understanding and discussion
    Independent Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
To focus discussion on important themes, such as management policy and medium- to long-term business strategy
Enhancement of discussion on management strategy at Board of Directors’ meetings
Board of Directors
As of June 21, 2021, the Bank’s Board of Directors has consisted of seven Directors, including four Independent Outside Directors. The Board of Directors meets, in principle, once a month to decide the Bank’s basic management policies and important operational issues and to supervise the execution of duties by Directors with executive authority over operations and Executive Officers.
The Board of Directors has established the Executive Committee as a decision-making body concerned with operational implementation within the scope delegated by the Board of Directors. In principle, the Executive Committee meets on a weekly basis to deliberate the implementation of important operations, including
Nomination & Compensation Committee
As an advisory body to the Board of Directors, the Bank has established the Nomination & Compensation Committee, chaired by an Indepen- dent Outside Director in order to supplement functions of the Board of Directors. The committee is delegated by the Board of Directors to recommend candidates for Director to be put on the agenda at a General Meeting of Shareholders, to recommend candidates for Execu- tive Officer to be put on the agenda at a Board of Directors meeting, and to supervise a plan on successors to the position of Director, etc. The Nomination & Compensation Committee shall deliberate the following matters regarding the Bank’s Directors and Executive Officers:
  Explanation of operations by Executive Officers with responsibility to Outside Officers
   To promote understanding of the Bank’s business
To develop the next generation of management through direct dialogue with executive personnel
 2/4 50.0%
  Organizational design
Company with Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Advisory body to the Board of Directors
Nomination & Compensation Committee
business plans; acquisition and disposal of assets; credit provision-related issues; payment of debts and expenses; credit management issues; rewards and sanctions for employees; issues related to employees’ working conditions and benefits; the establishment, change and abolition of elements of the organization; and the formation, revision and elimination of rules and policies, in addition to conferring on issues to be deliberated by the Board of Directors prior to its meetings. Since June 2006, the Bank has adopted an executive officer system, and the Executive Committee comprises Executive Officers and others nominated by the Board of Directors.
     General Meeting of Shareholders
(As of June 21, 2021)
Appoint/Dismiss
Audit & Supervisory Board Members’ Of_x001F_fice
        Establish
Nomination & Compensation Committee
Operational Implementation Functions
Executive Committee
Audit Elect/Supervise/Dismiss Report
Appoint/Dismiss
Audit & Supervisory Board
Audit
Representative Directors
Support
Direct
   Establish
 Cooperate
Nomination & Compensation Committee
     1. Compensation and bonuses
2. Other important matters concerning compensation
3. Matters concerning the recommendation of candidates for
Director, candidates for Executive Officer with Title, and
candidates for Executive Officer
4. Matters concerning the recommendation of candidates for
Representative Director and candidates for Executive Director 5. Other important personnel matters regarding Directors
Members (○ indicates chairperson)
○ Koichi Fukuo (Independent Outside Director)
Toshihiko Itami (Independent Outside Director) Kensuke Futagoishi (Representative Director) Yasuaki Funatake (Representative Director)
   Management Committee Sustainability Committee Investment Committee
System Planning and Development Committee ALM Committee
Security Committee
Risk Management Committee Compliance Committee
Chairman
President
Report
    Report
Direct
Internal Audit Division
Internal Audit
Cooperate
Audit
  57
58
Each Division
Accounting Auditor

                                               Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth
Management Corporate Governance
Audit & Supervisory Board
As of June 21, 2021, the Bank’s Audit & Supervisory Board has consisted of four Audit & Supervisory Board Members, including two Independent Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members. The Audit & Supervisory Board meets, in principle, at least once a month to receive reports regarding important auditing-related issues and deliberate and make decisions thereof. The Audit & Supervisory Board convenes with Representa- tive Directors, the Internal Audit Division and the Accounting Auditor on a regular basis to exchange
opinions and make requests as necessary on issues to be addressed by the Bank, the status of improvements to the Audit & Supervisory Board Members’ auditing environment and important auditing-related issues. In addition, the Audit & Supervisory Board Members oversee and verify from the following perspectives the status of fulfillment of legal obligations, including the duty of diligence of a good manager and the duty of loyalty, with regard to resolutions of the Board of Directors and other decision making by Directors.
Independence Standards for Outside Officers
The Bank’s Independence Standards for Outside Officers are as follows:
   To assist the Audit & Supervisory Board Members and facilitate the operation of the Audit & Supervisory Board, the Audit & Supervisory Board Members’ Office has been established and employees have been positioned in place.
Analysis and Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Other matters concerning Independent Officers
The Bank registers all persons who fulfill the qualifications of Independent Officers, as well as the Independence Standards for Outside Officers, as Independent Officers.
Policy on Governance related to Listed Subsidiaries (Protection of Rights of Minority Shareholders)
Guidelines on Measures to Protect Minority Shareholders in Conducting Transactions with a Controlling Shareholder
Seven & i Holdings Co., Ltd.is the Bank’s parent company, indirectly holding 46.26% of its voting rights, and there- fore falls under the category of controlling shareholder stipulated in the Timely Disclosure Rules. When conducting transactions, etc., with the parent company, the Bank will comply with the arm’s-length rule under the Banking Law, which is a rule established to prevent the soundness of the Bank’s management from being compromised through conflict-of-interest transactions. The Bank fully confirms the necessity for such transactions and that the conditions of such transactions do not differ significantly from conditions of usual transactions with third parties.
Relationship with Parent Company, Seven & i Holdings Co., Ltd.
The Bank believes that in order to achieve sound and sustainable growth, it is essential to engage in business development (innovation) by integrating collaboration with various partners to an advanced degree based on our credibility and transparency of management as a corporate entity. Furthermore, we recognize that listing on the market is one of the most effective ways to ensure the Bank’s credibility and transparency of management. As an independently listed company, the Bank independently and autonomously deliberates and determines our own business strategies, personnel policies, capital policies, etc., as we engage in our own operating activities. In addi- tion, in order to ensure the necessary independence from our parent company, we have established the Nomination & Compensation Committee chaired by an Independent Outside Director as an advisory body to the Board of Directors. This Committee deliberates on matters concerning recommendations of candidates for Director and Executive Officer, thereby ensuring independence from our parent company in the appointment of top management. The Bank has also appointed Independent Outside Directors and Independent Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members, who provide supervision to ensure that no conflict of interest arises between our parent company and shareholders other than the parent company. The Bank does not have any agreements concluded regarding group management with the parent company. In addition, to comply with the disclosure obligations, etc. of the parent company, the Bank has established the Guidelines for Reporting of Material Facts with the parent company and reports to the parent company accordingly. These reports are limited to matters that impact the parent company’s timely disclosure, materially impact the parent company’s consolidated financial statements, and may potentially impair the credibility of the Seven & i Group.
The parent company’s approach and policy regarding group management are as follows:
“Although the Company owns the listed subsidiary, Seven Bank, Ltd., from the standpoint of respecting the indepen- dence of Seven Bank, Ltd., we value the management decisions of the said listed subsidiary, and respect the indepen- dent and autonomous deliberation and determination of its business strategies, personnel policies, capital policies, etc., as it engages in its own operating activities. Moreover, the Company also considers it to be preferable, from the stand- point of group management, for Seven Bank to enhance its corporate value through its own growth strategies, etc.” (Excerpt from “Seven & i Management Report” issued by Seven & i Holdings Co., Ltd.; February 3, 2021 edition)
 The Bank has been conducting an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors annually since fiscal 2015. Concerning the effectiveness of the Board of Directors for fiscal 2020, the Bank conducted a questionnaire for Directors and Audit & Supervisory
Board Members and, based on a summary of the results, discussion and evaluation took place at the Board of Directors’ meetings. The results of the evalua- tion are described below:
1. The Bank’s Board of Directors continues to be operated appropriately under a well-balanced structure featuring diverse knowledge and expertise, all Directors share the roles and responsibilities of the Board of Directors, and it was confirmed that the Board of Directors has been fulfilling both its decision-making and supervisory functions while incorporating the perspective of Independent Outside Directors, thereby ensuring its effectiveness.
2. We improved the contents and methods of information, etc. provided by the Executive Officers, which we had recognized as an issue in the evaluation for the previous fiscal year, and confirmed that effectiveness had been improved through the activation of the Board of Directors. In particular, we confirmed that active discussions at meetings on strategy, and explanations of business by Executive Officers provided an opportunity to eliminate asymmetric information and promote direct dialogue with executive personnel, which is a meaningful initiative for revitalizing the Board of Directors.
3. By continuing to take the necessary measures to achieve sustainable growth and further improve corporate value over the medium to long term, we will work to improve the effectiveness of the Board of Directors.
Reasons for Appointment of Outside Officers
1. Is not a person with executive authority over operations of the Bank’s parent company or fellow subsidiary (or has been in such position in the past; hereinafter, the same applies to each item);
2. Is not a person for which the Bank is a major business partner or a person with executive authority over such entity’s operations, or a major business partner of the Bank or a person with executive authority over such entity’s operations;
3. Is not a consultant, an accounting professional, a legal professional or a person belonging to an organization that receives a significant amount of monetary compensation from the Bank, other than officers’ compensation;
4. Is not a major shareholder of the Bank or a person with executive authority over operations of such shareholder; or 5. Is not a close relative of a person that falls under any of the above or a relative by blood or marriage within the
second degree to a person with executive authority over operations of the Bank.
 1. There shall be no material and careless errors in recognizing the facts on which a decision is made.
2. The decision-making process shall be reasonable.
3. The content of a decision shall not violate laws and/or the Articles of Incorporation.
4. The content of a decision shall not be apparently unreasonable from an ordinary corporate manager’s perspective. 5. The interest of the Bank shall be considered first, not the interest of Directors or a third party, in making a decision.
   Name
  Reasons for Appointment
    Outside Directors
Makoto Kigawa
Toshihiko Itami
Koichi Fukuo
Yukiko Kuroda
Hideaki Terashima
Mr .Makoto Kigawa’s experience and insight in corporate management at YAMATO HOLDINGS CO., LTD., etc., have genuinely contributed to the Bank’s management.
Mr. Toshihiko Itami’s insight in corporate legal affairs, nurtured for many years in his career as a prosecutor, has genuinely contributed to the Bank’s management.
Mr. Koichi Fukuo’s experience and insight as a manager at Honda Motor Co., Ltd., etc., have genuinely contributed to the Bank’s management.
Ms. Yukiko Kuroda’s experience as a corporate manager and insight related to developing human resources who can handle global business have genuinely contributed to the Bank’s management.
The Bank can expect Mr. Hideaki Terashima’s broad insight into corporate legal affairs, nurtured in his career as an attorney-at-law, to contribute to audits of the Bank’s management.
     59
60
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
      Yukie Toge
The Bank can expect Ms. Yukie Toge’s expertise as a certified public accountant, deep insight as an accounting and systems-related consultant, and experience as a corporate manager to contribute to audits of the Bank’s management.
  
                                               Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth
Management Corporate Governance
Policy on Compensation of Officers and Compensation System for Officers
The Bank’s policy on compensation of officers and compensation system for officers are as follows:
1 Basic Policy on Compensation of Officers
The Bank decides compensation of officers based on the following points.
▶Ensuring a compensation system to promote sustainable improvement of corporate value with emphasis placed
on the link to business performance
▶Ensuring compensation systems and compensation levels with their responsibilities to secure highly capable human
resources who lead and take responsibility for, in an appropriate manner, the supervision and execution of operations ▶Ensuring a compensation system based on an objective and transparent process, and that is fair and equitable
2 Method for Determining Compensation, etc. for Individual Directors in the Fiscal Year under Review
4 Compensation Level
To provide a competitive compensation level and thereby secure highly capable human resources, the Bank’s compensation level for officers has been determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors based on the proposal made by the Nomination & Compensation Committee. The deliberation has been
based on the analysis and comparison of data on the compensation levels of a group of companies of the same size and operating in the same industry as the Bank, which has been drawn from a larger body of objective data on compensation levels provided by an outside professional organization.
  The Bank has established a Nomination & Compensa- tion Committee, comprising a total of four members made up of two independent Outside Directors and two Representative Directors, chaired by an Indepen- dent Outside Director, as an advisory body to the Board of Directors. The Nomination & Compensation Committee proposes specific amounts of compensa- tion, etc. to be granted to Directors within the range of the total amount approved at the General Meeting of Shareholders, for determination by resolution of the
3 Compensation Structure
The Bank’s compensation structure for officers com- prises “basic compensation” as fixed compensation and “bonuses” and “performance-based stock
Board of Directors. The procedure is stipulated in the Regulations for Officers, which is modified, amended, or abolished by a resolution of the Board of Directors upon discussion with the Audit & Supervisory Board Members.
Compensation, etc. for Audit & Supervisory Board Members is determined upon discussion at meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board Members within the range of the total amount approved at the General Meeting of Shareholders.
compensation” as variable compensation, which are applied as follows.
5 Details and Method of Calculation of Variable Compensation
- Bonuses
Bonuses, which are provided as short-term incentives, will be determined by multiplying the standard amount of compensation for each job rank by
- Performance-based Stock Compensation
Performance-based stock compensation, which is provided as a medium- to long-term incentive, is composed of a “fixed portion,” which grants fixed points for each job rank, and a “performance-based portion,” which grants a varying number of points determined by job rank and performance. For each portion, points are granted and accumulate every year of the term of office of the relevant officer, and a number of the Bank’s shares corresponding to the
performance-linked factors corresponding to the achievement of consolidated performance targets for the previous fiscal year.
amount of accumulated points will be delivered to the officer upon retirement.
The number of points (i.e., the number of shares to be delivered) to be provided in the performance-based portion will be determined by multiplying the number of points for each rank by performance-linked factors according to the achievement level of consolidated performance targets.
     Fixed compensation
Variable compensation
   (a) Basic compensation
(b) Bonuses
(c) Performance-based stock compensation
   Plan
Indicators and evaluation method
    Bonuses
- Evaluation based on the achievement status and process for performance targets (mile- stones) for the medium- to long-term improvement of corporate value, taking into account the management strategy of achieving “Growth in Our Main Business as We Diversify Our Operations”
- Quantitative evaluation based on the achievement status of targets for consolidated ordinary income and consolidated ordinary profit in the previous fiscal year
- Determination of a compensation amount in the range of 0% to 200% of the baseline amount
   Fixed portion
      Perfor- mance-based stock compensation
Perfor- mance-based portion
- Evaluation based on the results of the medium- to long-term improvement of corporate value, taking into account the management strategy of achieving “Growth in Our Main Business as We Diversify Our Operations”
- Quantitative evaluation based on the achievement status of consolidated ordinary income, consolidated ordinary profit, and other targets in the previous fiscal year
- Determination of a number of points (i.e., the number of shares to be delivered) in the range of 0% to 200% of the baseline number of points
     Directors with executive authority over operations
  Non-executive Directors
  Each plan is positioned as follows.
●●●
●ーー
Compensation aiming to encourage steady execution of duties commensurate with job rank
Short-term incentives aiming to steadily achieve performance targets (milestones) for each fiscal year for the medium-to long-term improvement of corporate value
Medium-to long-term incentives for the medium-to long-term improvement of corporate value, aligning interests with shareholders
 (a) Basic compensation
 (b) Bonuses
 (c) Performance-based stock compensation
     ー
 The ratio of each plan has been decided as described on the following page by a resolution of the Board of Directors upon a proposal by the Nomination & Com- pensation Committee. Factors taken into account has included a balance between fixed compensation and variable compensation, a balance between cash remuneration and stock compensation, and a balance between bonuses and stock compensation, which are
incentives to execute management with a well-bal- anced perspective in both the short term and the medium to long term.
In addition, non-executive Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members receive only fixed com- pensation, as their role is to supervise the Bank’s management from an objective and independent standpoint.
  Directors with executive authority over operations
 ▶ Balance between fixed compen- sation and variable compensation
▶ Balance between cash remunera- tion and stock compensation
25%*
Variable compensation 50%
Basic compensation
50%
Fixed compensation 50%
Cash remuneration 75%
Fixed compensation
100%
Performance-based stock compensation 25%*
Bonuses
    61
62
Non-executive Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
 *Calculated on the assumption that bonuses and performance-based stock compensation are based on a standard compensation amount.
Stock compensation 25%

                                               Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth
Management
Corporate Governance/Promoting Close Communication
 Status of Audits
The Bank has in place the Internal Audit Division, which is independent of the Bank’s other divisions engaging in business operations and directly reports to the President and Representative Director.
The Internal Audit Division annually sets a basic policy for internal auditing plans and priority issues to be addressed, which are to be approved by the Board of Directors. Individual internal auditing plans are formulated by the General Manager of the Internal Audit Division, and approval of these plans is obtained
Internal audits are conducted on all the Bank’s divi- sions and systems, including those of its subsidiaries. Audits are also conducted on the operations of the Bank’s major outsourcing contractors regarding the status of management by its relevant internal divisions, as well as on the outsourcing contractors themselves, within the scope agreed with them.
Audit & Supervisory Board Members receive period- ic reports from the Internal Audit Division on its audit plans and results, and request investigations as neces- sary to ensure that the audit results of the Internal Audit Division are effectively utilized for internal control system audits by Audit & Supervisory Board Members. In addition, Audit & Supervisory Board Members receive reports on the status of improvement of internal control systems regularly or as necessary from the
from the President and Representative Director, who is the officer in charge of the Internal Audit Division.
Individual internal audits are conducted by investi- gating and evaluating the appropriateness and effec- tiveness of internal management systems as a whole based on the following items to discover problems, if any, and suggest how to address them. The results of these audits are reported to the President and Repre- sentative Director, the Executive Committee and the Audit & Supervisory Board Members.
divisions in charge of internal control functions, and ask for detailed explanations as necessary.
The Audit & Supervisory Board prepares the Audit Report for the fiscal year based on the audit reports submitted by each of the Audit & Supervisory Board Members. The Audit & Supervisory Board and the Accounting Auditor also regularly exchange opinions and promote mutual cooperation.
The Bank has concluded an audit agreement with KPMG AZSA LLC for the receipt of accounting audit services. The names of the certified public accountants who performed accounting audit duties and the com- position of the supplementary personnel involved in accounting audit duties in the fiscal year under review are as listed below.
Promoting Close Communication
Seven Bank aims to deepen the understanding of shareholders and investors in its business activities by providing accurate information on the financial position and management strategies of the Bank. We utilize the evaluation of the Bank on the stock market for our management and further enhance our IR communication, thereby increasing corporate value.
Online
Our disclosure policy is posted on the following website:
https://www.sevenbank.co.jp/ir/policy/
To Deepen Communication with Shareholders and Investors
To facilitate the understanding of shareholders and investors of its business activities, Seven Bank conducts active disclosure of management information that goes beyond statutory disclosure.
   A Status of business plans
B Compliance system and compliance status
C Appropriateness and effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting
D Systems for and the current status of customer management, including customer protection
E Systems for and the current status of risk management
F Internal management systems at each operational department and appropriateness and effectiveness thereof
Tools for Dialogue
▶ Distribution of videos, audio recordings and transcripts of the presentations of financial results for analysts and institutional investors (Japanese and English)
▶ Issuance of Integrated Report (Business Report) in Japanese
▶ Issuance of Annual Report in English
▶ Issuance of Shareholders’ Newsletter in Japanese
▶ Posting of information on the Bank’s website for
individual investors in Japanese
 IR Calendar (Major activities in fiscal 2020) *For analysts and institutional investors
April
May June July
● Financial results for the fiscal year
● Presentation about financial results (conference call)*
August September October November December January February March
Website for individual investors
 Financial Statements
  Communication with Useful Tools
● Financial results for the first quarter
● ●
●
Financial results for the second quarter
Presentation about financial results (conference call)*
● Financial results for the third quarter
● Conference call*
 Names of the certified public accountants who performed accounting audit duties Yukihisa Tatsumi, Designated Limited Liability Partner, Engagement Partner Tomoaki Takeuchi, Designated Limited Liability Partner, Engagement Partner
Composition of the supplementary personnel who were involved in accounting audit duties
Four certified public accountants, two people who passed the accountant examination and six other persons
● Conference call* ● Annual General Meeting
of Shareholders
● Issuance of Integrated Report (Business Report) in Japanese
● Issuance of Annual Report in English
Issuance of Shareholders’ Newsletter in Japanese
● Issuance of the Interim Business Report in Japanese
 Status of Improvement and Operation of the Internal Control Systems
 63
64
Concerning the system upgrades stipulated in Article 362, Paragraph 4, Item 6 of the Companies Act, the Board of Directors made a resolution on May 8, 2006, on matters to be implemented by the Bank. Progress of the details of this resolution is reviewed each fiscal
year. In line with this resolution, Seven Bank strives for good corporate governance and internal control, while ensuring appropriateness in the Seven Bank Group’s operations.

                                               Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth
Management
Management Team (Directors and Officers)
Director
(As of June 21, 2021)
Kensuke
Futagoishi
Chairman and Representative Director
Biography
Apr. 1977 Apr. 2001
Jan. 2002
Oct. 2003 Nov. 2003 Jun. 2004 Jun. 2006 Nov. 2007 Jun. 2009 Jun. 2010 Jun. 2018
Katsuhiro Goto
Makoto Kigawa
Outside Director (Independent Officer)
          Joined The Sanwa Bank, Limited (now MUFG Bank, Ltd.)
General Manager of Retail Business Planning Division, UFJ Holdings, Inc.
(now Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc.)
General Manager of Gotanda Corporate Sales Department, UFJ Bank Limited (now MUFG Bank, Ltd.)
Joined the Bank
General Manager of Business Promotion Division, aforementioned company Director, aforementioned company
Director, Executive Officer, aforementioned company
Director, Managing Executive Officer, aforementioned company
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, aforementioned company President and Representative Director, aforementioned company
Chairman and Representative Director, aforementioned company (present post)
Yasuaki
Funatake
President and Representative Director
Biography
Apr. 1980 Jul. 2001 Dec. 2001 Oct. 2002 May 2006 Jun. 2006
Jun. 2008 Jun. 2010 Jun. 2013
Apr. 2014 Jun. 2016 Jun. 2018 Jun. 2018
Director
Biography
Jul. 1989 May 2002 May 2004 Sep. 2005 May 2006 Aug. 2009 May 2016 Jun. 2017
Joined Seven-Eleven Japan Co., Ltd. Director, Ito-Yokado Co., Ltd.
Managing Director, aforementioned company Director, Seven & i Holdings Co., Ltd. Director, Millennium Retailing, Inc.
Director, Sogo & Seibu Co., Ltd.
Vice President & Representative Director, Seven & i Holdings Co., Ltd. (present post) Director, the Bank (present post)
Prosecutor, Tokyo District Public Prosecutors Office
Director-General of the General Affairs Division, Supreme Public Prosecutors Office Chief Public Prosecutor, Tokyo District Public Prosecutors Office
Deputy Prosecutor-General, Supreme Public Prosecutors Office Superintending Prosecutor, Osaka High Public Prosecutors Office
Registered as an Attorney-at-law, joined Daiichi Tokyo Bar Association (present post) Advisor, Nagashima Ohno & Tsunematsu (present post)
Director, the Bank (present post)
Director, TODA CORPORATION (present post)
Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member), JP-HOLDINGS, INC. (present post)
Biography
Apr. 1973 Apr. 2004 Apr. 2005 Jun. 2005 Jun. 2006 Mar. 2007
Apr. 2011
Apr. 2015 Jun. 2016 Apr. 2018 Jun. 2018 Apr. 2019 Jun. 2019 Jun. 2019 Apr. 2020
Joined The Fuji Bank, Limited (now Mizuho Bank, Ltd.)
Managing Director, Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd. (now Mizuho Bank, Ltd.) Joined YAMATO TRANSPORT CO., LTD. (now YAMATO HOLDINGS CO., LTD.) Managing Director, aforementioned company
Representative Director and Senior Executive Officer, aforementioned company Representative Director, President and Executive Officer, YAMATO TRANSPORT CO., LTD.
Representative Director, President and Executive Officer, YAMATO HOLDINGS CO., LTD.
Representative Director and Chairman, aforementioned company
Director, Komatsu Ltd. (present post)
Director and Chairman, YAMATO HOLDINGS CO., LTD.
Director, the Bank (present post)
Director, YAMATO HOLDINGS CO., LTD.
Director, Oki Electric Industry Co., Ltd. (present post)
Special Adviser, YAMATO HOLDINGS CO., LTD. (present post)
Corporate Auditor, The Higo Bank, Ltd. (present post)
Joined the Long-Term Credit Bank of Japan, Limited (now Shinsei Bank, Limited.) Manager of Retail Business Development Division, Shinsei Bank Limited Joined the Bank
General Manager of Business Development Division, aforementioned company General Manager of Project Development Division, aforementioned company Executive Officer, General Manager of Project Development Division, aforementioned company
Director, Executive Officer, General Manager of Business Promotion Division, aforementioned company
Director, Managing Executive Officer, General Manager of Planning Division, aforementioned company
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, General Manager of Planning Division, aforementioned company
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, aforementioned company Director, Executive Vice President, aforementioned company
President and Representative Director, aforementioned company (present post) Director, Seven Pay Co., Ltd.
Biography
Apr. 1980 Jun. 2010 Jul. 2012 Jul. 2014 Dec. 2015 Nov. 2016 Nov. 2016 Jun. 2018 Jun. 2018 Jun. 2020
  Toshihiko Itami
Outside Director (Independent Officer)
   Audit & Supervisory Board Members
  (As of June 21, 2021)
Kazuhiko Ishiguro
Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Biography
Apr. 1980 Apr. 2001 Apr. 2004 Mar. 2006 May 2009 May 2009 Jun. 2010 Jun. 2013
Apr. 2014 Jun. 2016 May 2019 Jun. 2020
Ryoji Sakai
Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Koichi Fukuo
Outside Director (Independent Officer)
Biography
Apr. 1978 Jun. 2005 Jun. 2010 Apr. 2014 Nov. 2014 Apr. 2015 Jun. 2015 Jun. 2018 Jun. 2019
    Joined The Sanwa Bank, Limited (now MUFG Bank, Ltd.)
Director, Ufit Co., Ltd. (now TIS Inc.) (on loan)
Director, UFJIS Co., Ltd. (now Mitsubishi UFJ Information Technology, Ltd.) (on loan) Executive Managing Director, aforementioned company (on loan)
Joined the Bank
Executive Officer, General Manager of System Division, aforementioned company Director, Executive Officer, General Manager of System Division, aforementioned company Director, Managing Executive Officer, General Manager of System Division, aforementioned company
Director, Managing Executive Officer, aforementioned company
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, aforementioned company
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Signpost Corporation (present post) Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Bank (present post)
Biography
Apr. 1978 Jan. 2001 Dec. 2002 May 2005 Sep. 2007 May 2009 Mar. 2012
Mar. 2018 Mar. 2019
Aug. 2020 Jun. 2021
Joined Nissan Motor Co., Ltd.
Head of Group Finance Office, Ito-Yokado Co., Ltd.
Director, IY Card Service Co., Ltd. (now Seven Card Service Co., Ltd.)
Managing Director, aforementioned company
Executive Officer, Seven-Eleven Japan Co., Ltd.
Director, Executive Officer, Head of Planning Office, aforementioned company Director, Managing Executive Officer, Head of Planning Office and Financial Division, aforementioned company
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Head of Planning Division and Financial Division, aforementioned company
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Head of Planning Division, Overseas Business Division, and Corporate General Affairs & Legal Division, aforementioned company Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Head of Audit Office, aforementioned company Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Bank (present post)
Yukiko Kuroda
Outside Director (Independent Officer)
Biography
Apr. 1986 Jan. 1991 Jun. 2010 Mar. 2011 Apr. 2012 Jun. 2013 Jun. 2015 Jun. 2018 Jun. 2018
Joined Honda Motor Co., Ltd.
Operating Officer, aforementioned company
Managing Officer, aforementioned company
Senior Managing Officer, aforementioned company
Executive Vice President, Honda R&D Co., Ltd.
President and Representative Director, aforementioned company Senior Managing Officer and Director, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. Director, the Bank (present post)
Director, Hitachi Metals, Ltd. (present post)
Hideaki Terashima
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Independent Officer)
Yukie Toge
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member (Independent Officer)
Executive Officer
(As of July 1, 2021)
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
*The Bank registers all persons who fulfill the qualifications of Independent Officers as such.
Koji Fukasawa Tsuneo Nagashima Hiroshi Ishimura Miya Kitayama Taku Takizawa Kenjiro Nishii
Joined Sony Corporation
Representative Director, People Focus Consulting
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Astellas Pharma Inc.
Director, CAC Co., Ltd. (now CAC Holdings Corporation) (present post) Director/Founder, People Focus Consulting (present post)
Director, Marubeni Corporation
Member of the Board, Mitsui Chemicals, Inc. (present post)
Director, the Bank (present post)
Director, Terumo Corporation (present post)
        Biography
Apr. 1978 Apr. 1983 Apr. 1995 Jan. 2001
Apr. 2005 Apr. 2007 Apr. 2009 Apr. 2017
65 Jun. 2019
Registered as an Attorney-at-law, joined Tokyo Bar Association (present post) Established Terashima Law Office (now Harumi-kyowa Law Offices)
Professor, Legal Training and Research Institute of Japan, Supreme court of Japan Examiner for the Second Stage of Testing of the Bar Examination at National Bar Examination Commission
Examiner for New Bar Examination
Visiting Professor, Law School, Senshu University
Professor, Law School, Senshu University (present post)
Visiting Professor, Chuo University, Faculty of Law (present post) Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Bank (present post)
Biography
May 1999 Feb. 2003 Jun. 2007 Mar. 2019
Jun. 2019
Registered as a Certified Public Accountant
Head of Toge Yukie CPA Office (present post) Representative Director, Felice Consulting Ltd. (present post) Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member),
Mabuchi Motor Co., Ltd. (present post)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Bank (present post)
Hisanao Kawada Masaaki Matsuhashi Kazutaka Inagaki Kenichi Yamamoto Hiroshi Takeuchi
Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Executive Officer
          66

                                               Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth
Management
Risk Management Initiatives
Risk Management Initiatives
Every fiscal year, the Board of Directors establishes the “Basic Policy on Risk Control,” which specifies the overall risk management policy, specific risk management policies and the organization and system for risk management. In accordance with this policy, the Executive Committee establishes detailed rules and regulations related to risk manage- ment and confirms the Companywide risk status every quarter. The Bank’s risk manage- ment structure includes the Risk Management Division, which is responsible for supervising overall risk management activities, specific risk management divisions and the Internal Audit Division to perform internal audits. We have also established the Risk Management Committee, chaired by the officer in charge of the Risk Management Divi- sion, the Asset-Liability Management (ALM) Committee, chaired by the officer in charge of the Planning Division, and the Security Committee, chaired by the officer in charge of the Financial Crime Risk Strategy Planning and Prevention Division, as advisory bodies to the Executive Committee concerning risk management.
Overall Management of Operational Risk
   Overall Management of Risk
The Bank observes its basic policies relating to overall risk management, which are governed by the Basic Policy on Risk Control and Overall Risk Management Rules, established under the policy. We gain an overall
Credit Risk
The Bank observes its basic policies relating to credit risk, which are governed by the Basic Policy on Risk Control and the Credit Risk Rules, established under the policy. Currently, our risk management activities relating to credit risk are limited to the ATM settlement business, the ALM of interbank deposits placed with top-rated partner financial institutions, bonds, the
Market Risk
The Bank observes its basic policies relating to market risk, which are governed by the Basic Policy on Risk Control and the Market Risk Rules, established under the policy. The Market Risk Rules include the limits on the maximum level of funds at risk, the market position limits and the loss allowance limits.The Risk Manage- ment Group of the Risk Management Division measures
Liquidity Risk
The Bank observes its basic policies relating to liquidity risk, which are governed by the Basic Policy on Risk Control and the Liquidity Risk Rules, established under the policy. The Liquidity Risk Rules include the limits regarding the cash gaps arising from differences between the period of the management of invested funds and the timing of the liquidation. The Risk Management Group of the Risk Management Division
grasp of our risks by assessing each of the Bank’s risk categories and manage them by comparing them with our equity.
lending of funds in the call-money market, temporary ATM payment amounts due and small personal loans to minimize credit risk. In addition, the Bank performs self-assessment of asset quality as appropriate and establishes an allowance for credit losses in accor- dance with its self-assessment and reserve policies and rules.
and monitors market risk on a daily basis in light of these limits and reports the results to management, including the Executive Committee. At the ALM Com- mittee meeting held every quarter, the Bank’s market risk position, expected trends in interest rates and other matters are reported and the policy for the ALM operation is determined.
measures and monitors liquidity risk on a daily basis in light of these limits and reports the results to manage- ment, including the Executive Committee. To prepare for emergency events requiring immediate funding, the Bank has devised preemptive comprehensive counter- measures to be able to take quick and flexible Compa- nywide action by risk scenario, and therefore does not expect to experience a major liquidity problem.
The Bank observes its basic policies relating to opera- tional risk, which are governed by the Basic Policy on Risk Control and the Operational Risk Rules, estab- lished under the policy. The operational risks include,
Administrative Risk
Seven Bank’s business consists primarily of the execu- tion of transactions, mainly through its ATM network, without face-to-face interaction. The Bank observes its Administrative Risk Rules, which were established in accordance with the Basic Policy on Risk Control, which includes a basic policy regarding administrative risks particularly due to this special characteristic of our business. To manage administrative risks, we have improved the administrative rules that are based on transactions without face-to-face interaction. In addi- tion, the Bank works to prevent administrative errors and employee misconduct through self-monitoring and
Systems Risk
The Bank observes its basic policies relating to sys- tems risk, which are governed by the Basic Policy on Risk Control and the Systems Risk Rules, established under the policy. The Bank seeks to thoroughly im- prove systems development efficiency, service quality and safe operation of systems.
The system configuration includes the full utilization of cutting-edge IT (information technology), a dual or multilayered network and hardware equipment, and a backup center designed to engage in the event of a natural disaster or systems failure. Libraries such as files and programs are backed up as appropriate according to the relative importance to operations, and
Reputation Risk
The Bank observes its basic policies relating to reputa- tion risk, which are governed by the Basic Policy on Risk Control and the Reputation Risk Rules, estab- lished under the policy. The Bank works to gather information concerning its reputation on a daily basis
Legal Risk
The Bank observes its basic policies relating to legal risk, which are governed by the Basic Policy on Risk Control and the Legal Risk Rules, established under the policy. The Bank strives to minimize or prevent the
the Bank recognizes, administrative risk, systems risk, reputation risk, legal risk and other operational risks, and these risks have been managed comprehensively from qualitative and quantitative standpoints.
appropriate audits of all departments/divisions, offices and centers, and rigorous internal audits by the Internal Audit Division. To address any problem found through scandals, operation-related accidents, complaints and inquiries, the Bank has a system in place to quickly analyze the cause of such problems and determine measures to prevent their recurrence. Furthermore, by verifying administrative error reports and self-monitor- ing, the Bank strives to identify any administrative errors in all divisions and centers and manage adminis- trative risk, including potential administrative risk.
such backup data is stored off-site as a precaution against unforeseeable events. In addition, the Bank takes the utmost care in information management, including the use of firewalls to block unauthorized access to the Bank’s systems, monitoring access 24 hours/day and 365 days/year, encrypting all electronic transactions with customers and employing antivirus software. Furthermore, so that customers can use the Bank’s services with peace of mind, the Bank has prepared a business continuity plan in advance to prepare for unforeseen events such as service interrup- tions or disasters, and has set up a framework for conducting regular drills and other measures.
and maintains a response system, including a Compa- nywide communication structure and timely and appropriate disclosure to deal with events that affect its reputation.
manifestation of legal risks and address such risks accurately and efficiently to avert or minimize losses in the event that such risks materialize.
       67
68

                                               Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth
Management
Risk Management Initiatives/Compliance Initiatives
Other Operational Risks
The Bank observes its basic policies relating to other operational risks, which are governed by the Basic Policy on Risk Control. The other major operational
Information Security Risk
With the progression of IT, occurrence of unauthorized access events and increasing information security risks in recent years making it necessary to ensure cyberse- curity, we established the Cyber Security Management Office in fiscal 2020 in order to protect the Group’s
Risk Management Structure
    Board of Directors
risks recognized are human risk and tangible assets risk and have been managed.
information assets such as customer information from various threats. We established Cybersecurity Risk Rules and hold Security Committee meetings four times a year to discuss effective security measures.
Compliance Initiatives
The Bank regards compliance with applicable laws and societal norms as a fundamental prerequisite to earning the trust of society. Aware of the importance of its public mission and the significance of its societal responsibilities, the Bank has developed the following initia-tives to ensure compliance.
         Place matters on the agenda/ Express opinions
Executive Committee
Direct
Place matters on the agenda/ Express opinions
Formulate Basic Policy on Risk Control
Decide management framework
Formulate each Basic Policy on Risk Control
(As of July 1, 2021)
Consult
Compliance System
The Bank designates a responsible person in each internal division as a compliance officer to implement thorough compliance and serve as a point person to consult on compliance-related problems. The Risk Management Division, led by the officer in charge, works as the Bankwide compliance division to improve accountability and responsibility, self-supportive
Compliance System
capabilities and mutual checks to create an organiza- tion with an inherent self-monitoring function. The Compliance Committee, which acts as an advisory body to the Executive Committee and is chaired by the officer in charge of the Risk Management Division, reviews and evaluates significant overall compliance issues.
     Board of Directors Place matters on the agenda/Report Direct
Companywide supervision and management
Executive Committee Representative Directors
Chairman President
Officer In Charge of Risk Management Division
Report/Recommend Check
Express opinions
(As of July 1, 2021)
Audit & Supervisory Board
Review/Evaluation functions
Compliance Committee
Report/Propose
General Manager, Internal Audit Division
Third Check System
Report/ Communicate/ Consult
      Place matters on the agenda/ Express opinions
ALM Committee
Place matters on the agenda/ Express opinions
Market risk
(Risk Management Division)
Liquidity risk
(Risk Management Division)
Place matters on the agenda/ Express opinions
Formulate
Consult
Consult
     Risk Management Committee
Place matters on the agenda/ Express opinions
Credit risk (Risk Management Division)
Administrative risk (Risk Management Division) Systems risk (Risk Management Division) Reputation risk (Planning Division)
Legal risk (Risk Management Division)
Human risk (Human Resources Division) Tangible assets risk (General Affairs Division)
Security Committee
Place matters on the agenda/ Express opinions
                 Overall Risk Management Department (Risk Management Division)
           Information security risk
(Risk Management Division, Financial Crime Risk Strategy Plan-ning and Prevention Division)
Promote
Place matters on the agenda/Report
Direct
  Second Check System Supervision/Review Functions
General Management, Risk Management Division
Compliance Group
Report/ Communicate/ Consult Direct/Implement/Train
First Check System
Supervision/Review Functions
Compliance Officers (Managers of divisions and offices) Report/ Communicate/ Consult Direct/Implement/Train
Employees
Compliance Management Division
                   69
70
Establishment of Business Continuity Plan (BCP)
 To fulfill our social responsibility as a bank, Seven Bank has defined the following three op-erations as top priorities for continuity in the event of a disaster, large-scale accident, or other crisis: the ATM business; the fund settlement business serving banks and ATM partners; and withdrawals from the Bank’s accounts and money transfer operations. Each division has also
created a Business Continuity Plan (BCP) to enable continuity of these es-sential operations in the event of an accident, disaster, or other crisis. To ensure that the BCP is implemented, each division regularly conducts BCP training, envisioning damage to data centers and other facilities.
Detailed Compliance Guide
Compliance Implementation Plan
  Compliance Manual, Compliance Program
Consult
Report/Propose
Auditing Division (Internal Audit Division)
Operational risk
(Risk Management Division)

                                               Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth
Management Compliance Initiatives
Compliance Program
The Bank establishes a compliance program each fiscal year that sets out the compliance implementation plan for that year. The Board of Directors reviews and evaluates the progress and implementation status of
Compliance Manual
The Bank has produced a compliance manual that includes explanations of relevant laws and regulations and describes how to handle discovered illegalities. All employees periodically read the manual together. The content of the manual has been updated when necessary in line with revisions and abolition of laws and regulations. To fully disseminate the content of the compliance manual, the Bank is implementing various kinds of compliance training sessions, including e-learning.
We also have a carrying-card-sized version of our compliance standards that we distribute to officers and employees for them to check and review at any time.
Main Compliance Issues
the compliance program for the relevant year and, using such reviews and evaluations, formulates a compliance program for the following fiscal year.
Compliance Standards Card
Compliance Consultation System
The Bank has established a Compliance Consultation System to identify and address compliance issues early, and prevent reoccurrences. The system provides contact points for both internal and external consulta- tion and reporting.
As contact points for employees seeking consulta- tions or reporting issues, employees can consult the compliance officer in their divisions. In addition, the Compliance Consultation Desk within the Bank and the Groupwide Help Line (a consultation and reporting contact point for all Seven & i Group companies) outside the Bank have been established. Posters with contact information have been put up and booklets with contact information have been distributed to all employees to ensure their awareness of these contact
▲ Groupwide Help Line
points. The International Hotline has also been estab- lished for employees of foreign subsidiaries as a point of contact for consultations in local languages.
In addition, to promote fair transactions and provide safe and secure services for customers, a Suppliers’ Help Line (a consultation and reporting contact point for all Seven & i Group companies) has been estab- lished for suppliers.
Furthermore, the Audit & Supervisory Board Mem- ber Hotline (a consultation and reporting contact point for all Seven & i Group companies) was established in fiscal 2018 as a dedicated external point of contact for consultations related to the management team, as part of our efforts to strengthen governance.
          The Bank focuses on preventing the opening of fraudu- lent accounts by conducting strict customer verification and other due diligence procedures when customers apply to open new accounts.
Moreover, the Bank has established the Financial Crime Risk Strategy Planning and Prevention Division as a dedicated unit to combat financial crimes. By monitoring and filtering accounts, this division works to prevent money laundering, eliminate fraudulent ac- counts, prevent communications fraud and other
Response to Antisocial Groups
The Bank has customarily been making focused efforts to eliminate any form of relation with antisocial groups and keep such forces away by collecting and accumu- lating infor-mation related to antisocial groups and con- ducting preliminary reviews based on such information before starting new business transactions. Also, among other steps, since January 2010, the Bank has asked applicants opening accounts to sign an affidavit stating they are not associated with antisocial forces. By includ- ing provisions that explicitly indicate the exclusion of
Response to Compliance Violations
If the Bank discovers a clear compliance violation through inspections or other means, we have a system whereby the Rewards and Disciplinary Committee, an
fraudulent activities, and cooperate with the police and other governmental authorities appropriately.
In response to the “Guidelines for Anti-Money Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism,” published by the Financial Services Agency in February 2018, we conduct training, including the management team, to strengthen our Bankwide response to those issues. We provide education related to practical operations for improving our daily business.
organized crime groups in the transaction rules and oth- er clauses, the Bank can reject the account application and close the account upon finding that the customer falls under or is associated with antisocial forces. In ad- dition, the Bank conducts regular training for officers and employees to ensure they can take appropriate ac- tions in an organized manner against wrongful demands and other similar events in accordance with internal rules and regulations.
advisory body to the President, decides and carries out disciplinary action in accordance with the severity of the violation.
▲ Suppliers’ Help Line
◀Compliance Consultation System
 Prevention of Money Laundering and Financial Crimes
   71
72

                                              Financial Section
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Contents
Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2021: FY2020 Amounts less than one unit have been truncated.
Summary of Fiscal 2020
Harsh conditions continued in the Japanese economy as personal consumption, including the consumption of services, and corporate activity stagnated markedly due to the impact of the spread of the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19). It is still impossible to predict when the pandemic will be contained, and with the resurgence of more contagious variants of COVID-19 emerging in some regions, the situation remains uncertain.
In this operating environment, the Bank’s group has strived to fulfill its mission as a social infrastructure that continues to provide safe and secure services, including ATM services, with the highest priority placed on ensuring the safety of customers, business partners, and employees. As for the Bank’s consolidated business results for fiscal 2020, the stagnation of personal consumption, self-quarantining, and drastic changes in lifestyles affected by the spread of COVID-19 reduced the number of ATM transactions. Against this backdrop, ordinary income was 137,267 million yen, ordinary profit was 35,640 million yen, and net income attributable to owners of the parent was 25,905 million yen.
As for the Bank’s non-consolidated business results, ordinary income was 111,672 million yen and ordinary profit was 34,593 million yen. In addition, the Bank decided to reverse part of its deferred tax assets, following careful consideration of its recoverabili- ty based on the business environment surrounding the Bank and the outlook for business performance. The Bank reversed 7,636 million yen in its deferred tax assets and recorded the amount as income taxes - deferred in the non-consolidated financial results, resulting in net income of 15,825 million yen.
A summary of operating results by segment is as follows.
(1) Domestic Business Segment
As far as the number of ATM transactions in Japan is concerned, harsh circumstances continued due to the spread of COVID-19. However, there was a steady increase in the number of transac- tions using the Bank’s ATMs to charge cash into various cashless settlement methods, which has earned a certain level of recogni- tion as a “safe and secure” way to use those cashless settlement methods. As a result, the total number of ATM transactions trended at almost the same level as in the previous fiscal year.
In the Individual Number Card Points (MAINA-Point) project conducted by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communica- tions, the Bank was selected as a private-sector enterprise to provide terminals to assist with the applications, which made the Bank’s ATMs as a venue to apply for Individual Number Card Points from August 2020. We are steadily promoting efforts to pioneer a world of “ATM+,” which aims to think outside of the box and create value for ATMs that transcend conventional concepts.
The number of our ATMs installed reached 25,676 as of March 31, 2021 (up 1.8% compared with the end of March 2020). The average number of daily transactions per ATM was 90.5 (down 1.7% year over year), and a total of 836 million ATM transactions were recorded (down 1.5% year over year). As of March 31, 2021, we had partnered with 613 financial institutions
and other businesses in total.* Our fourth-generation ATM Installations and replacements have been implemented and the number of fourth-generation ATMs installed was 6,020 as of March 31, 2021.
Note: JA Bank and JF Marine Bank are each counted as one institution.
While the business environment is expected to remain uncertain going forward due to the effects of the spread of COVID-19, the Bank will evolve social value of ATMs from cash-based platforms to service platforms and continue to promote our ATM platform strategy that flexibly responds to the changes in society and customer needs in the future.
The smartphone app, “My Seven Bank,” which was launched in April 2020, has been very well received as an instant account opening service, which allows an account to be opened in as little as 10 minutes using online personal authentication. As of March 31, 2021, the number of individual customer accounts increased steadily to 2,364,000 (up 8.4% compared with the end of March 2020). The balance of individuals’ deposits was 519,000 million yen (up 13.1% year over year) and the balance of loan services for individual customers was 24,300 million yen (up 4.3% year over year).
Aiming to enhance convenience for foreign nationals living in Japan through comprehensive financial and lifestyle support, Credd Finance, Ltd. (the Bank’s investment ratio: 60%), a domestic consolidated subsidiary of the Bank that is a joint venture company with Shinsei Bank, Limited, began selling the Sendy Credit Card, a credit card for foreign nationals, in August 2020, and Sendy Personal Loan, a purpose-specific loan exclusively for foreign nationals, in October 2020, both jointly with APLUS Co., Ltd. In March 2021, the Bank’s consolidated subsidiary, Seven Global Remit, Ltd., began offering Sendy, an international money transfer service using a smartphone app.
Recognizing that contributing to solving social issues that surface and become more serious as a result of changes in society is a business opportunity, in addition to the know-how accumulated to date, the Bank is collaborating with external corporations with the aim of providing new financial services to meet the various needs of our customers.
(2) Overseas Business Segment
• The United States
FCTI, Inc., the Bank’s consolidated subsidiary, saw a decline in the number of ATM transactions from March 2020 due to the impact of the spread of COVID-19. However, after May 2020, mainly due to the resumption of economic activities and develop- ments such as the receipt of unemployment insurance at ATMs, the number of ATM transactions greatly exceeded that of the corresponding period of the previous year and ended up at almost the same level as in the previous fiscal year on an annual basis. As a result of systematically reorganizing ATMs with low profitability that were installed at locations outside of United States 7-Eleven stores, the number of ATMs installed as of December 31, 2020 totaled 9,368 (down 13.9% compared to December 31, 2019), including 8,553 ATMs (up 1.0% compared
    73
74
Financial Information
Management’s Discussion and Analysis ....................... 74 Status of the Corporate Group ...................................... 79
Management Policy, Management Environment,
Issues to be Addressed, etc. ......................................... 80
Consolidated Balance Sheets ....................................... 82 Consolidated Statements of Income ............................. 83 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income ... 84 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets .... 85 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows ...................... 86 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ................ 87
Corporate Information
Company Information .................................................. 121 Name and Address of Branches and Outlets .............. 121 Organization Chart ...................................................... 122 Status of Major Shareholders ...................................... 122 Composition of Shareholders ...................................... 122 History ......................................................................... 123 Principal Data .............................................................. 125

                                              to December 31, 2019) installed inside 7-Eleven stores in the United States.
With regard to the business results of FCTI, Inc. for the consolidated fiscal year (from January 2020 to December 2020), due to the systematic reorganization of ATMs with low profitability, a decrease in the cost of financing as a result of cuts in policy interest rates, and other factors, ordinary income was 227.0 million U.S. dollars (down 10.6% year over year), ordinary profit was 22.8 million U.S. dollars (up 263.2% year over year), and net profit was 24.6 million U.S. dollars (up 268.5% year over year).
• Asia
PT. ABADI TAMBAH MULIA INTERNASIONAL, a consolidated subsidiary of the Bank in Indonesia, steadily promoted its business even amid the COVID-19 pandemic and greatly increased the number of ATMs installed to 750 as of December 31, 2020 (up 275.0% compared to December 31, 2019).
Additionally, Pito AxM Platform, Inc., a consolidated subsidiary of the Bank in the Philippines, installed ATMs at 7-Eleven stores in the Philippines in February 2021 and started the ATM operation business.
Summary of Financial Position of Fiscal 2020
Assets
Total assets at the end of March 2021 were 1,197,158 million yen. The majority of this total comprised cash and due from banks required for the operation of ATMs of 937,945 million yen. The remainder mostly consisted of marketable securities of 78,154 million yen held as collateral for foreign exchange settlements and Bank of Japan current account overdraft transactions, and 83,681 million yen representing ATM-related temporary payments, which are temporary advances from partner financial institutions.
Liabilities
Liabilities were 962,482 million yen. These largely comprised deposits (excluding negotiable certificates of deposit) totaling 782,658 million yen. Of these, the outstanding balance of individuals’ ordinary deposits was 383,290 million yen and the balance of individuals’ time deposits was 135,722 million yen.
Net Assets
Net assets were 234,676 million yen. Of these, retained earnings were 168,694 million yen. The consolidated capital adequacy ratio (domestic standard) was 47.93%.
Summary of Cash Flows of Fiscal 2020
Cash and cash equivalents increased by 89,498 million yen during the fiscal year under review to 937,945 million yen. Cash flows in each category and the factors behind the changes were as follows.
Cash Flow from Operating Activities
Net cash provided by operating activities was 136,039 million yen. Factors contributing to cash included income before income taxes and non-controlling interests of 35,655 million yen and a net increase
in deposits of 98,898 million yen. These factors exceeded factors using cash, such as 3,609 million yen in interest income.
Cash Flow from Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities was 32,770 million yen. Factors that used cash included purchase of securities of 20,484 million yen and purchase of intangible fixed assets of 14,808 million yen. These exceeded the factor that provided cash: proceeds from maturity of securities of 13,084 million yen.
Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities was 13,555 million yen, due to factors including 12,968 million yen in dividends paid and purchase of treasury stock of 770 million yen.
Outlook for Fiscal 2021
As for the consolidated business results for fiscal 2021, we forecast ordinary income of 137,600 million yen (up 0.2% year over year), ordinary profit of 28,300 million yen (down 20.5% year over year), and net income attributable to owners of the parent of 19,700 million yen (down 23.9% year over year).
As for the non-consolidated business results of the Bank for fiscal 2021, we forecast ordinary income of 110,900 million yen (down 0.6% year over year), ordinary profit of 27,300 million yen (down 21.0% year over year), and net income of 18,900 million yen (up 19.4% year over year).
In May 2021, we formulated the Medium-Term Management Plan that concludes the fiscal year ending March 31, 2026. In this Medium-Term Management Plan, our targets for the final fiscal year are consolidated ordinary income of 170,000 million yen, consolidat- ed ordinary profit of 35,000 million yen, and consolidated return on equity of 8.0% or more.
decisions of investors are also disclosed below, for the purpose of proactive disclosure to investors. Risks related to the Bank’s business and other areas are not limited to those stated, and the Bank does not guarantee that it is free from risks other than those stated, including those that are unidentified.
Certain items in this section may contain forward-looking statements. However, unless otherwise stated, all judgments were made at the end of the consolidated fiscal year under review.
Under the Basic Policy on Risk Control, which is determined by the Bank’s Board of Directors, the Bank has established Bank-wide risk management policies, management policies for specific risks, and a risk management organization and structure as a framework to appropriately recognize and manage various types of risks in its operations. In addition, for appropriate risk management, the Bank has established a Risk Management Committee, an Asset-Liability Management (ALM) Committee, and a Security Committee as advisory bodies to the Executive Committee with respect to risks; the Risk Management Division, which is responsible for supervising overall Bank-wide risk management activities; and risk management divisions for managing specific types of risk.
1. Risk Relating to Our Business Strategy
Domestic Business Segment
Seven Bank substantially depends on the ATM platform business for its revenues. The Bank is steadily increasing the number of ATMs, developing and offering its proprietary new ATM services as well as enhancing security, to increase customers’ conve- nience and sense of security. However, changes that threaten the ATM platform business model, such as those described below, could affect the Bank’s results and financial position.
A) Increase in the use of non-cash payment methods
The further increase in the use of non-cash payment methods in the future could reduce the number of ATM transactions, which could affect the Bank’s results.
To increase the number of ATM transactions even in such an environment, the Bank will strive to create new ATM services that go beyond conventional concepts, including services that enable charging (loading money onto) electronic money for public transportation and QR code settlement, and ATM pick-up (cash receiving services) to expand their social value.
B) Growing competition from other ATM networks
Seven Bank competes with companies installing ATMs at conve- nience stores and other locations outside the Group. In addition, competition with financial institutions that have ATM networks could increase if these institutions actively expand their ATM networks.
In the future, increased competition with these companies could cause such challenges as a decrease in the number of users of the Bank’s ATMs or a decrease in ATM-related fee income, which could affect the Bank’s results and financial position.
C) Changes in economic conditions
The level of ATM-related fee income that Seven Bank charges its partners is judged by both parties to be reasonable. However, the
level of the ATM-related fee income may decline, or failure to agree on ATM-related fee income levels may dissolve partner- ships, which could affect the Bank’s results and financial position.
D) Difficulty in securing ATM locations
Seven Bank has in a stable manner secured and expanded locations for ATMs, centered on the Seven & i Group stores, and is expanding the installation of ATMs at commercial facilities and other non-Group sites. In the future, however, obstacles to maintaining or expanding ATM locations could affect the Bank’s results.
E) Effect of amendment of laws, etc., on partner companies’ business
An amendment of a law or regulation, etc., related to the business of a partner company that results in a substantial decrease in the use of Seven Bank’s ATMs by the customers of such partner company could cause a decline in ATM-related fee income and other outcomes that could affect the Bank’s results.
F) Higher interest rates
Seven Bank procures necessary cash for its ATM platform business through deposits, bonds, and other means. The cost of this fund procurement is influenced by market interest rate trends.
The Bank takes appropriate steps to minimize the impact of interest rate fluctuations, such as procuring long-term funds at fixed rates. However, substantial interest rate fluctuations could cause an unanticipated rise in fund procurement costs, which could affect the Bank’s results and financial position.
In addition, Seven Bank offers ordinary deposits and time deposits, personal loans, and international money transfer services for individuals, and debit card service, as well as back-office support on commission for other financial institutions through its domestic consolidated subsidiary. However, there is no guarantee that these services will successfully expand.
In addition, Seven Bank may offer new services or establish other new businesses that it is not currently handling to expand its business domain but cannot guarantee that they will succeed. When expanding new businesses, the Bank may also establish new consolidated subsidiaries, engage in M&A or form capital alliances with other corporations. However, the inability of the Bank to realize the initially expected effect of these strategic investments and to achieve its strategic objectives could affect the Bank’s results and financial position.
Overseas Business Segment
Seven Bank has consolidated subsidiaries that operate ATMs in the United States, Indonesia, and the Philippines. The future occurrence of major changes in the political or economic environment surrounding these consolidated subsidiaries, an unforeseen event such as a natural disaster, or poor business performance of these consolidated subsidiaries could affect the Bank’s results. In addition, exchange rate fluctuations could decrease the Bank’s profits.
Impairment of Fixed Assets
Seven Bank holds tangible fixed assets and intangible fixed assets including goodwill. Factors such as worsening profitability
(Consolidated business results forecast)
 Fiscal 2021
Year-over-year change
  Ordinary income
Ordinary profit
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
137,600 million yen
28,300 million yen
19,700 million yen
Up 0.2%
Down 20.5%
Down 23.9%
   * Foreign exchange rate assumed: USD1.00 = JPY103.00 (Non-consolidated business results forecast of the Bank)
 Ordinary income
Ordinary profit
Net income
Risk Factors
110,900 million yen
27,300 million yen
18,900 million yen
Down 0.6%
Down 21.0%
Up 19.4%
Fiscal 2021
Year-over-year change
     75
76
Major risks related to Seven Bank’s business and other areas that have been recognized by management as possibly having significant effects on the financial condition, operating results, and cash flows of the consolidated companies are listed below. Moreover, items that may not qualify as such but are deemed important for investment

                                              77
78
of assets held or consolidated subsidiaries or a decline in the value of other assets could make it necessary to record impair- ment of these assets, which could affect the Bank’s results and financial position.
2. System Failure
Seven Bank has established Systems Risk Rules to articulate its fundamental policies related to system risk management and, by developing and operating its systems based on the rules, it is striving to realize efficient system development, improved system quality, and stable system operations. In addition, the Bank has adopted a system configuration that employs two system centers that are always in operation, redundant server network equipment, and 24x7x365 monitoring operations, as well as the implementation of other system failure countermeasures. In addition, in accordance with the impor- tance of files, programs, etc., the Bank performs data backups and has taken measures for remote-location data storage in preparation for unexpected situations.
However, it is impossible to completely eliminate the danger of system function interruptions due to failure resulting from factors, including such natural disasters as large earthquakes and typhoons, power outages, network failure, computer viruses, or human error. Such interruptions could affect the Bank’s social standing or its results through reputation damage and other factors.
3. External Contractors
Seven Bank outsources key tasks, including ATM cash replenish- ment, development and operation of various systems, ATM security and management, and call center operations. In addition, the Bank outsources cash card issuance and mail delivery for new deposit accounts.
Relationships with these external contractors are currently satisfactory. However, increasing fees resulting from deterioration of their operating environments or difficulties in continuing to provide services for any reason could affect the Bank’s results.
4. Relationship with Seven & i Group
Overall, Seven Bank determines issues, including business strategy, personnel policy, and capital policy autonomously after independent consideration. However, the Bank operates its ATM platform business by installing ATMs primarily in the stores of companies that are part of the Seven & i Group.
(1) Equity Relationship
Seven Bank is a consolidated subsidiary of Seven & i Holdings Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) which is listed on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange. As of March 31, 2021, the Company controls 46.26% of the voting rights of Seven Bank. The Compa- ny is expected to remain a major Seven Bank shareholder, and the Bank cannot guarantee that the Company will not influence its policies and decisions.
(2) Transactional Relationships
As of March 31, 2021, Seven Bank had installed 23,048 ATMs at the Group stores (22,394 ATMs at 7-Eleven stores, 254 ATMs at Ito-Yokado stores, and 400 ATMs at other locations in the Group).
In addition, the Bank has installed 2,628 ATMs at locations other than the Group stores. Thus, approximately 90% of the Bank’s ATMs are installed at the Group stores. Difficulties in keeping ATMs installed at the Group stores or a marked decrease in customers at the Group stores could affect the Bank’s results.
In addition, Seven Bank pays ATM installation fees to the Group, but major changes in fee terms could affect the Bank’s results.
5. Response to Financial Crime
Seven Bank’s business consists primarily of the execution of non-face-to-face transactions, mainly via ATMs. As such, the Bank undertakes strict customer due diligence when customers apply to open new accounts. In addition, the Bank monitors the status of usage of ATMs and accounts to prevent them from being abused for financial crimes and focuses on protecting customers. However, reputation damage and other factors arising from a temporary failure to keep pace with increasingly intricate and sophisticated criminal techniques could affect the Bank’s social standing or its results.
6. Litigation
To date, Seven Bank has not been involved in significant litigation. In addition, with a focus on preventative measures, the Bank is working to minimize litigation risk in consultation with attorneys who specialize in this area. However, there is no guarantee that the Bank will not be subject to litigation or disputes that could affect its results and financial position in the future, resulting from legal issues, such as legal violations or inadequate contractual agreements.
7. Effects of Legal Amendments
Seven Bank operates its businesses in compliance with current laws and regulations. However, the contents or effects of future legal amendments are difficult to predict or control. Consequently, there is no guarantee that in the future the Bank will be able to continue to execute its business under initial assumptions.
8. Regulations
Based on the regulations in Article 4, Paragraph 1 of the Banking Law, Seven Bank has received a license to operate in the banking business (Financial Supervisory Agency License Number 1812) that enables it to take deposits, handle currency exchange, make loans, and conduct other relevant business. However, based on the regulations in Article 4, Paragraph 4 of the Banking Law (see note), Seven Bank’s banking license is subject to certain conditions. Future new businesses such as foreign currency-denominated accounts will require the approval of the commissioner of the Financial Services Agency as the head of the supervisory authority.
Based on the progress in application for approval, Seven Bank may not be able to develop new businesses as planned, which could affect the Bank’s results.
In addition, regarding the banking business, Articles 26 and 27 of the Banking Law specify prerequisites for issues, including suspen- sion of operations and license revocation, respectively. If these prerequisites are applicable, the Bank may be legally required to suspend its operations or its license may be revoked.
The Bank is currently aware of no reason for these measures to be taken. However, future suspension of operations or license revocation for any reason could obstruct the Bank’s business activities and could materially affect the Bank’s results.
Seven Bank competes for personnel not only with other financial institutions, but also with Internet service-related businesses, systems-related businesses, and other entities. Consequently, an inability to continually hire, train, and retain required personnel may affect the Bank’s results and future development.
13. Reputation
Seven Bank has established Reputation Risk Rules that set the range of reputation risks to be recognized as follows.
• Gossip and rumors among customers, in markets, on the Internet, in e-mail, etc. (hereinafter “rumors”)
• Rumors caused by inaccurate or inadequate reporting by mass media
• A negative public image caused by an inappropriate response to accidents, such as system failure, personal information leakage or operational error, or a fundamental management problem
• Rumors related to financial institutions that are partners in the ATM business, external contractors, or other partners
Seven Bank’s basic policy is to respond to these reputation risks accurately and urgently, based on the facts. The Bank will take care to prevent the generation of rumors that may damage it. It also has a framework in place to minimize damage by responding appropriately internally and externally in the event that one of the above-noted risks materializes.
However, because Seven Bank has many business partners and external contractors, it could become involved in various difficulties even if it is not to blame, which has the potential to affect the Bank’s reputation and results.
14. Outbreak and Spread of Infectious Diseases
Harsh conditions continued as personal consumption, including the consumption of services, and corporate activity stagnated markedly due to the impact of the spread of COVID-19. It is still impossible to predict when the pandemic will be contained, and with the resur- gence of more contagious variants of COVID-19, the situation remains uncertain.
To prevent the further spread of the infections, Seven Bank has been making efforts to enforce infection prevention measures for its employees and external contractors, such as promoting work from home and staggered working hours, having employees take temperature when they come to work, and holding meetings online, in principle, whether they are internal or external ones. However, if the infections continue to spread, it may disrupt the operations of Seven Bank and affect the Bank’s results.
The number of ATM transactions in Japan in fiscal 2020 fell by 1.5% year over year primarily as the measures taken to prevent the spread of COVID-19 subdued the traffic of people.
Note:
Article 4, Paragraph 4 of the Banking Law: When the prime minister deems it necessary for the public interest based on consideration of the regulations of the preceding two paragraphs, the prime minister may attach conditions to the license of the first paragraph and modify the license to the extent necessary.
9. Capital Adequacy Ratio
Seven Bank does not have sales bases overseas. Therefore, Seven Bank must maintain a ratio of non-consolidated net assets to total assets above 4% according to the domestic standard specified by “Criteria for Judging Whether A Financial Institution’s Own Capital Is Sufficient in Light of the Assets Held, etc. under the Provision of Article 14-2 of the Banking Law (Notification Number 19 of 2006, the Financial Services Agency).”
Currently, Seven Bank’s non-consolidated capital adequacy ratio substantially exceeds the relevant standard. However, the Bank may be unable to meet its required capital adequacy standard if various business or other risks specified by the relevant provisions materialize or the regulations or other relevant items change in the future.
10. Personal Information Leakage
Through its banking business, Seven Bank possesses a large amount of customer information, including personal information. As a business handling personal information as specified by Act on the Protection of Personal Information, the Bank announces or otherwise publicizes the purpose for using personal information, safely administers personal information, duly considers requests for disclosure of personal information on file from the subject, and ensures thorough awareness within the Bank to that effect as stipulated by in-house personal information management regulations. Furthermore, the Bank concludes the memoranda with, and conducts strict, thorough management of the handling of personal information by, subcontractors. However, serious damage to customers from large-scale information leakage may result in orders or punitive measures from regulatory authorities, claims for damages, and reputation damage. These and other factors may affect the Bank’s results and financial position.
11. Reduced Liquidity due to Ratings Downgrade
Seven Bank currently has a long-term issuer rating of A+ with a stable outlook and a short-term issuer rating of A-1 from S&P Global Ratings. The Bank also has an issuer rating of AA with a stable outlook from Rating & Investment Information, Inc.
However, there is no guarantee that the Bank can maintain these ratings in the future. A rating downgrade may affect the Bank’s capital and fund procurement.
12. Securing Personnel
Securing the personnel required to continuously expand as a bank centered on the ATM platform business, and to develop new businesses, is an essential part of Seven Bank’s business strategy.

 79
80
Status of the Corporate Group
The Bank’s group comprises 13 companies, i.e., the Bank and its eight consolidated subsidiaries (FCTI, Inc., PT. ABADI TAMBAH MULIA INTERNASIONAL, Bank Business Factory Co., Ltd., Seven Payment Service, Ltd., Pito AxM Platform, Inc., Seven Global Remit, Ltd., ACSiON, Ltd., and Credd Finance, Ltd.) and four affiliates (Seven Pay Co., Ltd., TORANOTEC Ltd., TORANOTEC Asset Management Ltd., and Metaps Payment Inc.), operating in each business field in Japan and overseas.
In Japan, in addition to the ATM platform business, which is its core business, the Bank’s group conducts the settlement and account business. Overseas, it develops ATM services in the United States, Indonesia and the Philippines.
The Bank and each of its group companies are structured via businesses as follows.
(1) Domestic Business Segment
• ATM Platform Business
The Bank has installed ATMs in Seven-Eleven, Ito-Yokado and other stores belonging to companies of the Seven & i Holdings Group (hereinafter referred to as the “Group”), as well as at airports, stations and branches of financial institutions. By cooperating with numerous domestic financial institutions and using its convenient ATM network, which operates 24/365 in principle, Seven Bank operates ATM services for numerous customers.
Management Policy, Management Environment, Issues to be Addressed, etc.
■ Operating System of Seven Bank and Its Group Companies Customers
Provision of ATM services
Provision of financial services, etc.
Other affiliates, etc.
Seven-Eleven Japan Co., Ltd. Ito-Yokado Co., Ltd., etc.
Funding, provision of
Consolidated subsidiaries (overseas) 3 in total
FCTI, Inc. (US)
PT. ABADI TAMBAH MULIA INTERNASIONAL (Indonesia)
Pito AxM Platform, Inc. (Philippines)
Consolidated subsidiaries (Japan) 5 in total
Bank Business Factory Co., Ltd.
Seven Payment Service, Ltd.
Seven Global Remit, Ltd.
ACSiON, Ltd.
Credd Finance, Ltd.
Equity-method affiliates
4 in total
ATM placement fee
locations for installation,
Consolidated ordinary income Consolidated ordinary profit ROE
Results for FY2020 137,200 million yen 35,600 million yen 11.3%
Target for FY2025 170,000 million yen 35,000 million yen 8.0% or more
expenses
etc.
Seven Bank, Ltd. (the Bank)
The business environment surrounding the Bank’s group is undergo- ing unprecedented changes at an accelerating pace, including those in lifestyle due to the impact of the spread of COVID-19, heightened awareness of environmental and social issues, diversification of payment methods due to the development of digital technology, and the entry into the financial sector of businesses from other industries.
• Settlement and Account Business
The Bank provides ubiquitous and convenient account services such as ordinary and time deposits, personal loan services, international money transfer services, and debit services to customers who have an account in the Bank. Furthermore, consolidated subsidiaries of the Bank in Japan are developing financial services that meet the needs of various customers in collaboration with external companies, in addition to using the knowledge obtained through its settlement and account business, etc.
(2) Overseas Business Segment
• The United States
FCTI, Inc., a consolidated subsidiary of the Bank, provides ATM services, including the installation of ATMs at 7-Eleven stores in the United States.
• Asia
PT. ABADI TAMBAH MULIA INTERNASIONAL, a consolidated subsidiary of the Bank in Indonesia, is engaged in local ATM services. Additionally, Pito AxM Platform, Inc., a consolidated subsidiary of the Bank in the Philippines, installed ATMs at 7-Eleven stores and started providing ATM services.
(1) Management Policies
1. Purpose of Seven Bank
Create a better version of daily life by going beyond the wishes of our customers.
2. Management Ethos
a. We aspire to be a trusted financial service provider that fully meets customer needs.
b. We act to promptly introduce the benefits of technical innovation and pursue self-development.
c. We strive to contribute to the stability and advancement of the financial system by providing a secure and efficient payment infrastructure.
3. Basic Management Policy
Seven Bank is working to offer safe, accurate, and speedy banking services deeply embedded in customers’ daily lives as their “wallets.” We aim to achieve this by creating a network of ATMs accessible 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, in principle, utilizing the 20,000-plus retail locations of Seven & i Holdings and its operating companies led by Seven-Eleven convenience stores.
The Bank operates under an ethos of coexistence and co-pros- perity by encouraging other financial institutions to make use of its easily accessible ATMs, thereby enhancing customer services and improving business efficiency.
Further, by proactively offering financial services sought by customers of the Group, we are working to attract a wider range of customers to the Group stores more often, and we will continue to pursue synergies to enhance the Group’s profitability.
(2) Target Management Indicators
To respond to significant changes in the business environment and sustainably improve its corporate value, the Bank is promoting business diversification to strengthen its profit structure. In the Medium-Term Management Plan formulated in May 2021 to maximize the long-term sustainability and growth potential of the Group, the Bank is promoting measures that place the highest priority on expanding consolidated ordinary income. As indicators to assess the level of implementation of the Medium-Term Management Plan, the Bank has set the following consolidated KPIs for the final year of the plan.
There is a need for flexible management that is more than ever sensitive to changes in social structure and diversification of customer needs, rapidly incorporating the results of technological innovation.
In addition, social issues such as widening disparities and climate change are becoming more apparent and serious, leading to an era when businesses, as members of society, are required to face these issues more sincerely than ever before to seek solutions.
(4) Medium- to Long-Term Management Strategies
“Create a better version of daily life by going beyond the wishes of our customers.” This is the purpose of the Group. Based on this purpose, Seven Bank will strive to achieve sustainable growth as a unique bank that is close to customers’ lives, offering convenience, reliability and trust. We have formulated the Medium-Term Manage- ment Plan (FY2021 – FY2025), designating the coming five years through 2025 as a period to materialize the second phase of growth by improving our sustainability and growth potential.
(5) Issues to Be Addressed
Based on the basic policy of the Medium-Term Management Plan, “Promoting business diversification and launching the second phase of growth,” we will promote the following three basic measures. 〈Basic Measures〉
(1) Reform of the Group’s core ATM platform business and business diversification in strategic business fields through aggressive investment
(2) Setting sustainability at the core of its long-term management strategy, the Group will contribute to addressing serious and emerging social issues through its business activities and continuously promote the creation of new value for both society and businesses.
(3) Promotion of corporate transformation in both businesses and operations as driving forces for sustainable growth
〈Growth Strategy Originating from Purpose〉
The Group’s purpose is: “Create a better version of daily life by going beyond the wishes of our customers.” To this end, we will take advantage of the Group’s strength to promote four growth strategies.
Domestic Business Segment ATM Platform Strategy
• Expand social value from a cash platform to a service platform (ATM+) to establish a dominant presence in the market
Retail Strategy
• Strengthening collaboration with the Group and pursuing unique
product features
• Providing comprehensive support for the financial and daily lives
of foreign residents and establishing a service of choice
Corporate Strategy
• Tapping into the settlement needs of small and medium sized
corporations, mainly in cash transactions
• Providing functions and developing contract businesses for
(3) Management Issues

                                            Consolidated Balance Sheets
Seven Bank, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries As of March 31, 2021 and 2020
  operating companies seeking to enter the financial sector and financial institutions seeking to streamline their operations
Overseas Business Segment Overseas Strategy
• Developing multi-layered financial services in various countries using the ATM business as a gateway
In addition, in order to steadily implement the above-mentioned basic measures and growth strategies, we will invest a total of approxi- mately 150 billion yen over the next five years, including: 70 billion yen in investments for growth and promotion of corporate transfor- mation both in Japan and overseas based on a long-term growth perspective; 50 billion yen in investments for replacing ATMs with fourth-generation ATMs aimed at developing a platform for new ATM value creation; and 30 billion yen in investments necessary for business continuity, such as various system upgrades and mainte- nance.
Millions of yen
 2021
 ¥ 937,945
78,154
24,329
0
83,681
19,218
34,857
909
707
17,442
(88)
 ¥1,197,158
 ¥ 783,408
591
105,000
4,258
47,046
610
6
—
634
87
20,839
 962,482
 30,724
30,724
168,694
(1,081)
 229,061
 440
3,407
359
 4,207
 —
1,407
 234,676
 ¥1,197,158
   2020
  Assets:
Cash and due from banks (Notes 3, 4 and 5) .............................................. Securities (Notes 5, 6 and 7) ....................................................................... Loans (Notes 5 and 8) ................................................................................ Foreign exchanges ..................................................................................... ATM-related temporary payments (Note 5) .................................................. Tangible fixed assets (Notes 9 and 31) ........................................................ Intangible fixed assets (Note 10) ................................................................. Asset for retirement benefits (Note 16) ........................................................ Deferred tax assets (Note 25) ..................................................................... Other assets (Notes 5, 7, 11 and 29) .......................................................... Allowance for credit losses (Note 5) ............................................................
Total assets .............................................................................................
Liabilities:
Deposits (Notes 5 and 12) .......................................................................... Borrowed money (Notes 5 and 13) ............................................................. Bonds (Notes 5 and 14) .............................................................................. Income taxes payable ................................................................................. ATM-related temporary advances (Note 5) .................................................. Reserve for bonuses ................................................................................... Liability for retirement benefits (Note 16) ..................................................... Reserve for directors’ retirement benefits .................................................... Reserve for stocks payment ....................................................................... Deferred tax liabilities (Note 25) ................................................................... Other liabilities (Notes 15, 27 and 31) ..........................................................
Total liabilities ..........................................................................................
Net assets (Notes 17 and 26): Shareholders’ equity:
Common stock, authorized 4,763,632 thousand shares,
issued 1,179,308 thousand shares as of March 31, 2021 and 1,179,129 thousand shares as of March 31, 2020 ..............................
Capital surplus ........................................................................................ Retained earnings ................................................................................... Treasury stock, at cost, 3,587 thousand shares as of March 31, 2021 and
798 thousand shares as of March 31, 2020 ........................................ Total shareholders’ equity ........................................................................... Accumulated other comprehensive income:
Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities,
net of taxes (Note 6) ............................................................................ Foreign currency translation adjustments ................................................ Accumulated adjustments for retirement benefits (Note 16) ..................... Total accumulated other comprehensive income ......................................... Subscription rights to shares (Note 30) ....................................................... Non-controlling interests ............................................................................. Total net assets .......................................................................................
Total liabilities and net assets .................................................................. See accompanying notes.
¥ 848,446 70,911 23,283 0 81,965 13,985 29,665 378 909 16,365
(25) ¥1,085,885
   ¥
684,560 196 105,000 7,848 45,052 573 3 4 236 137 19,439 863,051
30,702
30,757 155,760
(338) 216,882
    499 3,767 62 4,329 274 1,346 222,833 ¥1,085,885
      81
82

                                            Consolidated Statements of Income
Seven Bank, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Seven Bank, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020
  Millions of yen
Millions of yen
 2021
 ¥ 3,609
3,475
29
1
102
131,709
201
2,019
 137,540
 539
67
(9)
14
467
35,360
64,308
1,677
 101,884
 35,655
 9,867
51
 9,918
25,737
 (168)
 ¥ 25,905
   2021
 ¥25,737
(59)
(369)
296
 (131)
 ¥25,605
 ¥25,782
(177)
        Income:
Interest income ........................................................................................... Interest on loans ..................................................................................... Interest and dividends on securities ........................................................ Interest on call loans ............................................................................... Other interest income ..............................................................................
Fees and commissions income (Note 18) ................................................... Other operating income (Note 20) ............................................................... Other income (Note 22) ..............................................................................
Total income ...........................................................................................
Expenses:
Interest expenses ....................................................................................... Interest on deposits ................................................................................ Interest on call money ............................................................................. Interest on borrowed money ................................................................... Interest on bonds ....................................................................................
Fees and commissions expenses (Notes 19 and 27) .................................. General and administrative expenses (Note 21) .......................................... Other expenses (Note 23) ...........................................................................
Total expenses ........................................................................................
Income before income taxes ..................................................................... Income taxes (Note 25)
Current ................................................................................................ Deferred .............................................................................................. Total income taxes ........................................................................... Net income ................................................................................................ Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests ....................... Net income attributable to owners of the parent ......................................
Amounts per share of common stock (Note 32):
Net assets .................................................................................................. Net income ................................................................................................. Diluted net income ......................................................................................
Cash dividends applicable to the year (Note 26) ......................................... See accompanying notes.
2020
¥ 3,569 3,451 26 0 90 144,280 281 514 148,644
674 99
(12) 15 570 40,305 62,813 5,070 108,864
39,780
13,840 (164)
13,675 26,105
(57) 26,162
Net income ................................................................................................ Other comprehensive income (Note 24)
Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes ... Foreign currency translation adjustments ................................................ Adjustments for retirement benefits (Note 16) ..........................................
Total other comprehensive income ..................................................... Comprehensive income ............................................................................. Comprehensive income attributable to:
Owners of the parent ..............................................................................
Non-controlling interests ......................................................................... See accompanying notes.
2020 ¥26,105
7 (53) (119) (165)
¥25,939
¥26,019 (79)
              ¥
  Yen
2020
¥187.73 22.14 22.11 11.00
 2021
 ¥198.40
22.01
22.00
11.00
       83
84

                                            Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
Seven Bank, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Seven Bank, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020
  Millions of yen
Shareholders’ equity
Retained earnings
Millions of yen
  2021
 ¥ 35,655
14,070
796
63
45
(100)
(4)
397
(3,609)
539
88
(14)
(1,045)
98,848
404
—
274
3,815
(613)
(213)
 149,397
(13,358)
 136,039
 (20,484)
13,084
(10,436)
273
(14,808)
100
(499)
 (32,770)
 183
0
(12,968)
(770)
—
 (13,555)
 (213)
 89,498
 848,446
 ¥937,945
    Common stock
Capital surplus
Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
Cash flows from operating activities:
Income before income taxes .......................................................................
Adjustments to reconcile income before income taxes to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation of fixed assets .................................................................... Equity in losses of affiliates ......................................................................
Net change in allowance for credit losses ................................................ Net change in reserve for bonuses .......................................................... Net change in asset or liability for retirement benefits .............................. Net change in reserve for directors’ retirement benefits ........................... Net change in reserve for stocks payment .............................................. Interest income ....................................................................................... Interest expenses .................................................................................... Net losses related to securities ................................................................ Net losses on disposal of fixed assets ..................................................... Net change in loans ................................................................................ Net change in deposits ........................................................................... Net change in borrowed money .............................................................. Net change resulting from issuance and maturity of ordinary bonds ........ Net change in ATM-related temporary accounts ..................................... Interest received ..................................................................................... Interest paid ............................................................................................ Other – net .............................................................................................
Subtotal ............................................................................................. Income taxes paid .................................................................................. Net cash provided by operating activities ...........................................
Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchase of securities ............................................................................. Proceeds from redemption of securities .................................................. Purchase of tangible fixed assets ............................................................ Proceeds from sales of tangible fixed assets ........................................... Purchase of intangible fixed assets ......................................................... Proceeds from sales of intangible fixed assets ........................................ Purchase of shares in an equity method affiliated company .....................
Net cash used in investing activities ...................................................
Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from stock issuance to non-controlling interests ...................... Proceeds from exercise of stock options ................................................. Dividends paid ........................................................................................ Purchase of treasury stock ...................................................................... Other – net .............................................................................................
Net cash used in financing activities ................................................... Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents .............. Net change in cash and cash equivalents ................................................. Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year ..........................
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (Note 3 and 4) ............ See accompanying notes.
2020
¥ 39,780
14,634 4,770
1 36
(106) (1)
69 (3,569)
674 38 56
(595) 5,085
(9,807) (30,000)
77,146 3,840
(805) 1,398 102,648
(13,029) 89,619
(16,171) 27,920
(4,547) 98
(11,100) —
(2,000) (5,801)
1,487 0
(13,635) (3,857) (3) (16,009) (11)
67,796 780,650 ¥848,446
    Balance at April 1, 2019 .................................. Changes in items during the period Issuance of new shares ... Cash dividends ........................................... Net income attributable to owners of the parent .. Purchase of treasury stock ........................... Disposal of treasury stock ............................ Cancellation of treasury stock .......................
Change in capital surplus due to change in equity of consolidated subsidiaries ........... Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity ... Net changes in items during the period .. Balance at April 1, 2020 .................................. Changes in items during the period Issuance of new shares ... Cash dividends ........................................... Net income attributable to owners of the parent .. Purchase of treasury stock ........................... Disposal of treasury stock ............................ Cancellation of treasury stock .......................
Change in capital surplus due to change in equity of consolidated subsidiaries ........... Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity ... Net changes in items during the period .. Balance at March 31, 2021 .............................
¥30,679 ¥30,661 ¥147,094 ¥ (352) ¥208,083 2323 46
73
23     96
(13,639) 26,162
(3,857)
8,665
(3,857) 13 3,857
13
(13,639) 26,162
(3,857) 13 —
73
8,798
  ¥30,702
¥30,757
 ¥155,760
 ¥ (338)
 ¥216,882
21
21
43
(12,971)
(12,971)
25,905
25,905
(770)
(770)
27
27
—
(54)
(54)
     21
 (33)
 12,934
 (742)
 12,179
 ¥30,724
 ¥30,724
 ¥168,694
 ¥(1,081)
 ¥229,061
     Millions of yen
 Accumulated other comprehensive income
  Net unrealized gains available- for-sale securities, net of taxes
¥492
7 7
Foreign currency translation adjustments
¥3,798
(31) (31)
Accumulated adjustments for retirement benefits
¥ 182
(119) (119)
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
¥4,473
Subscription rights
to shares
¥ 320
Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
¥212,890 46
(13,639) 26,162 (3,857)
13 —
   Balance at April 1, 2019 ........................ Changes in items during the period Issuance of new shares ... Cash dividends ................................. Net income attributable to owners of the parent ... Purchase of treasury stock ................. Disposal of treasury stock .................. Cancellation of treasury stock .............
Change in capital surplus due to change in equity of consolidated subsidiaries ............ Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity ... Net changes in items during the period .. Balance at April 1, 2020 ........................ Changes in items during the period Issuance of new shares ... Cash dividends ................................. Netincomeattributabletoownersoftheparent ... Purchase of treasury stock ................. Disposal of treasury stock .................. Cancellation of treasury stock .............
Change in capital surplus due to change in equity of consolidated subsidiaries ............ Netchangesinitemsotherthanshareholders’equity ... Netchangesinitemsduringtheperiod .. Balance at March 31, 2021 ...................
¥
11
  73 (143) (46) 1,334 1,145
 (143)     (46) 1,334
9,943
  ¥499
 ¥3,767
 ¥ 62
¥4,329
¥ 274
 ¥1,346
 ¥222,833
43
(12,971)
25,905
(770)
27
—
(54)
(59)
 (360)
 296
 (122)
 (274)
 60
 (336)
 (59)
 (360)
 296
 (122)
 (274)
 60
 11,842
 ¥440
 ¥3,407
 ¥ 359
 ¥4,207
 ¥—
 ¥1,407
 ¥234,676
           85 See accompanying notes.
86

                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Seven Bank, Ltd. and its consolidated subsidiaries
As of and for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020
  87
88
1.
(a)
Basis of Presenting Consolidated Financial Statements
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Seven Bank, Ltd. (the “Bank”) and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) have been prepared in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Japanese Financial Instruments and Exchange Law and its related accounting regulations, and in conformity with accounting principles and practices generally accepted in Japan (“Japanese GAAP”), which are different in certain respects as to application and disclosure requirements from International Financial Reporting Standards.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been reclassified and translated into English (with some expanded descriptions) from the consolidated financial statements of the Group prepared in accordance with Japanese GAAP and filed with the appropriate Local Finance Bureau of the Ministry of Finance as required by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law. Some supplementary information included in the statutory consolidated financial statements in Japanese, which is not required for fair presentation, is not presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
In preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes, amounts less than one million Japanese yen have been rounded down to the nearest million, except for per share data, in accordance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law and Enforcement Ordinance concerning the Banking Law of Japan. Therefore, total or subtotal amounts shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto are not necessarily equal to sums of individual amounts. In preparing these consolidated financial statements, certain reclassifications and rearrangements have been made to the Group’s consolidated financial statements issued domestically in order to present them in a form that is more familiar to readers outside Japan.
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with Japanese GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet date and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
2. Significant Accounting Policies
(a) Principles of consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Bank and its eight consolidated subsidiaries.
Names of the consolidated subsidiaries are as follows: FCTI, Inc., PT. ABADI TAMBAH MULIA INTERNASIONAL, Bank Business Factory Co., Ltd., Seven Payment Service, Ltd., Pito AxM Platform, Inc., Seven Global Remit, Ltd., ACSiON, Ltd. and Credd Finance, Ltd.
The balance sheet dates of the consolidated subsidiaries are December 31 for three companies and March 31 for five companies. The subsidiaries are consolidated using the financial statements on their own balance sheet dates. Appropriate adjustments have been made for significant intervening transactions occurring during the period from December 31 to March 31.
All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. All material unrealized profit included in assets resulting from transactions within the Group are also eliminated.
Four affiliates are accounted for using the equity method. Names of affiliates are as follows: Seven Pay Co., Ltd., TORANOTEC Ltd., TORANOTEC Asset Management Ltd. and Metaps Payment, Inc.
For affiliates accounted for using the equity method that have a balance sheet date different from the consolidated balance sheet date, the financial statements pertaining to the fiscal years of the respective affiliates are used for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
(b) Securities
In principle, available-for-sale securities are stated at their fiscal year-end fair values. Unrealized gains and losses on these securities are reported, net of applicable income taxes, as a separate component of net assets. Realized gains or losses on sales of such securities are computed using primarily the moving-average method. Available-for- sale securities whose fair value is extremely difficult to determine are stated at cost using the moving-average method.
(c) Tangible fixed assets
Tangible fixed assets are generally stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.
Depreciation of tangible fixed assets of the Bank is calculated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Estimated useful lives of major items as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:
Buildings: 6-18 years ATMs: 5 years Others: 2-20 years
Depreciation of tangible fixed assets of the consolidated subsidiaries is calculated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
(d) Intangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets are amortized using the straight-line method. Software for internal use is amortized over its estimated useful life (five years).
(e) Allowance for credit losses
(g) Reserve for directors’ retirement benefits
Reserve for directors’ retirement benefits is recorded by certain consolidated subsidiaries in the amount that is considered to have occurred at the end of the fiscal year based on the estimated amount of retirement benefits to be paid to directors of these subsidiaries.
(h) Reserve for stocks payment
Reserve for stocks payment is recorded in the estimated amount of stock benefits as of the end of the fiscal year to prepare for the delivery of the Bank’s shares to the Bank’s directors (excluding non-executive directors and directors residing overseas) and executive officers (excluding those residing overseas) pursuant to the Share Delivery Rules for directors and executive officers.
(i) Method of accounting for retirement benefits
In calculating the projected benefit obligation, projected retirement benefits attributable up to the end of the fiscal year is determined using a benefit formula. Also, net actuarial difference is amortized as follows.
Net actuarial difference is amortized using the straight- line method over ten years within the employees’ average remaining service period, commencing from the fiscal year after the year of incurrence.
(j) Foreign currency translation
Assets and liabilities of the Bank denominated in foreign currencies are translated into Japanese yen mainly at the exchange rate prevailing as of the balance sheet date. Assets and liabilities of the consolidated subsidiaries denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate prevailing at the balance sheet dates of the consolidated subsidiaries.
(k) Derivative transactions
All derivative transactions are recognized as either assets or liabilities and measured at fair values, and gains or losses on derivative transactions are recognized in the consolidated statement of income.
(l) Amortization of goodwill
Goodwill is amortized using the straight-line method over five years or fully expensed when incurred if the amount is immaterial.
(m) Cash and cash equivalents
For the purpose of presenting the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents represent cash and due from banks.
(n) Income taxes
Income taxes of the Bank consist of corporation, inhabitants and enterprise taxes. The provision for income taxes is computed based on the pretax income of the Bank with certain adjustments required for tax purposes.
The asset and liability approach is used to recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for expected future tax
(b)
Allowance for credit losses is provided as detailed below in accordance with the Bank’s internal policies for write-offs and provisions.
The Bank classifies its obligors into five categories for self-assessment purposes, namely, “normal obligors,” “obligors requiring caution,” “bankruptcy risk obligors,” “substantially bankrupt obligors,” and “bankrupt obligors.”
For credits to those classified as normal obligors or obligors requiring caution, the allowance for credit losses is provided based on the Bank’s expected credit losses for the following one year. The expected credit losses are determined using the loss ratio computed based on the average rate for the past definite period of bad debt ratio or default probability based on the bad debt or default experience for the past year, and modified with necessary adjustments such as future prospects.
For credits to obligors classified as bankruptcy risk obligors, the allowance for credit losses is provided for at the amount deemed necessary, after deducting the expected amount recoverable through the disposal of collateral or execution of guarantee.
For credits to obligors classified as substantially bankrupt obligors or bankrupt obligors, the allowance for credit losses is provided for at the full amounts of such credits, after deducting the expected amount recoverable through the disposal of collateral or execution of guarantee.
The Bank’s Risk Management Office, which is independent from the Bank’s other divisions, evaluates all credits in accordance with its internal rules for self- assessment of assets, and its evaluations are audited by the Internal Audit Division, which is independent from the Bank’s other divisions and the Risk Management Office. The allowance is provided for based on the results of these assessments.
Allowance for credit losses of consolidated subsidiaries is stated at amounts considered to be appropriate based on past credit loss experience for general receivables and, for specific receivables such as doubtful receivables, in amounts expected to be unrecoverable considering the individual collectability.
Reserve for bonuses
Reserve for bonuses for employees is recorded in the amount of estimated bonuses attributed to the relevant fiscal year.
(c)
(f)

                                              consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities.
(o) Consumption taxes
National and local consumption taxes of the Bank and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries are accounted for using the tax-excluded method.
(p) Amounts per share
Net assets per share is calculated by dividing net assets excluding amount of subscription rights to shares and non-controlling interests by the number of shares of common stock outstanding at the end of the fiscal year, excluding treasury stock.
Net income per share is calculated by dividing net income attributable to common shareholders of the parent by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the fiscal year, excluding treasury stock.
Cash dividends per share represent the actual amounts declared as applicable to the fiscal year.
(q) Appropriation of retained earnings
addition, if there are any items that require considerations such as those that have been accepted as practical accounting treatments in Japan, alternative treatments are to be added to the extent that do not hinder comparability. (2) Date of adoption
The Standard and Implementation Guidance, etc. are scheduled to be applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
(3) The effect of adopting the accounting standards
The effect of adopting the Standard and Implementation Guidance is immaterial.
2. Accounting Standards for Fair Value Measurement, etc. Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement (ASBJ Statement No. 30, July 4, 2019)
Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement (ASBJ Guidance No. 31, July 4, 2019) Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments (ASBJ Statement No. 10, July 4, 2019)
Implementation Guidance on Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments (ASBJ Guidance No. 19, March 31, 2020)
(1) Overview
In order to enhance comparability with international accounting standards, “Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement” and “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement” (hereinafter collectively “Fair Value Accounting Standards, etc.”) have been developed and other rules have been established with regard to the method for fair value measurement. Fair Value Accounting Standards, etc. will be applied to the fair value of the following items:
· Financial instruments defined in “Accounting Standard for
Financial Instruments”
In addition, “Implementation Guidance on Disclosures
about Fair Value of Financial Instruments” was revised to include notes regarding the breakdown by level of fair values of financial instruments.
(2) Date of adoption
Fair Value Accounting Standards, etc. are scheduled to be applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
(3) The effect of adopting the accounting standards
The effect of adopting Fair Value Accounting Standards, etc. is immaterial.
(s) Additional information
(Performance-Based Stock Compensation Plan for Directors)
The Bank has introduced a Performance-Based Stock Compensation Plan (hereinafter the “Plan”) for the Bank’s directors (excluding non-executive Directors and Directors residing overseas, the same applies hereinafter) using the Directors’ Compensation Board Incentive Plan (BIP) Trust
(hereinafter “BIP Trust”), aiming to further raise motivation in contributing to the medium- to long-term enhancement of performance.
The accounting treatment for the said trust agreement is in accordance with “Practical Solution on Transactions of Delivering the Company’s Own Stock to Employees etc. through Trusts” (Practical Issue Task Force (PITF) No. 30, March 26, 2015).
(1) Outline of the transaction
The plan is a performance-based stock compensation plan whereby the Bank contributes an appropriate amount of money to the BIP Trust, which is used as funds to acquire Bank’s shares. The Bank’s shares are delivered to directors in accordance with Share Delivery Rules for directors stipulated by the Bank. Directors shall receive delivery of the Bank’s shares, etc., in principle, upon their retirement. (2) Bank’s shares remaining in the BIP Trust
The Bank’s shares remaining in the BIP Trust are recorded as treasury stock under net assets at their carrying amount (excluding incidental expenses). The carrying amount and the number of Bank’s shares remaining in the BIP Trust as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 are ¥588 million and ¥239 million, and 1,895 thousand shares and 563 thousand shares, respectively.
(Performance-Based Stock Compensation Plan for Executive Officers)
The Bank has introduced a Performance-Based Stock Compensation Plan (hereinafter the “Plan”) for the Bank’s executive officers (excluding those residing overseas; the same applies hereinafter) using the Stock Grant Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) Trust (hereinafter “ESOP Trust”), aiming to further raise motivation in contributing to the medium- to long-term enhancement of performance.
The Bank adopted “Practical Solution on Transactions of Delivering the Company’s Own Stock to Employees etc. through Trusts” (PITF No. 30, March 26, 2015) to account for the said trust agreement.
3. Supplemental Cash Flow Information
(1) Outline of the transaction
The plan is a performance-based stock compensation plan whereby the Bank contributes an appropriate amount of money to the ESOP Trust, which is used as funds to acquire Bank’s shares. The Bank’s shares are delivered to executive officers in accordance with Share Delivery Rules for executive officers stipulated by the Bank. Executive officers shall receive delivery of the Bank’s shares, etc., in principle, upon their retirement.
(2) Bank’s shares remaining in the ESOP Trust
The Bank’s shares remaining in the ESOP Trust are recorded as treasury stock under net assets at their carrying amount (excluding incidental expenses). The carrying amount and the number of Bank’s shares remaining in the Trust as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 are ¥492 million and ¥99 million and 1,691 thousand shares and 234 thousand shares, respectively.
(Accounting Estimates Followed by the Spread of Novel Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19))
In determining whether impairment on securities is necessary or not, the Bank has made an assumption that the impact of COVID-19 will remain for a certain period after the end of the consolidated fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 considering the businesses of some of the investees, and reflected it in the amounts of business plan before making accounting estimates. As a result, the Bank has determined that there is no need for impairment for the consolidated fiscal year ended March 31, 2021.
Although the above estimates are based on the information available at the time of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, the consolidated financial statements for the following fiscal years may be affected, depending on the situation of COVID-19 and its impact on the economy.
(r)
Cash dividends are recorded in the fiscal year when the relevant proposed appropriation of retained earnings is approved by the Board of Directors and for which notification is given at a general meeting of shareholders.
Unapplied new accounting standards
1. Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition (Accounting Standards Board of Japan (ASBJ) Statement No. 29, March 31, 2020, hereinafter “Standard”) Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition (ASBJ Guidance No. 30, March 26, 2021, hereinafter “Implementation Guidance”) Implementation Guidance on Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments (ASBJ Guidance No. 19, March 31, 2020)
(1) Overview
The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) had been working on a joint project to develop a comprehensive accounting standard on revenue recognition and released “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (IFRS 15 by IASB and Topic 606 by FASB) in May 2014. Considering the situation that this standard is applied from the fiscal year starting on and after January 1, 2018 for IFRS 15 and fiscal year starting after December 15, 2017 for Topic 606, ASBJ has developed a comprehensive accounting standard on revenue recognition and released it along with its implementation guidance. The ASBJ’s basic concept in developing the Standard is to adopt the basic principles of IFRS 15 as a starting point from the perspective of comparability between financial statements that is one of the benefits resulting from the consistency with IFRS 15. In
Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statements of cash flows for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of cash and due from banks of ¥937,945 million and ¥848,446 million on the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
4. Cash and Due from Banks
Cash and due from banks as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following:
Cash ...................................................................................................................................... Due from banks ...................................................................................................................... Total ..................................................................................................................................
Millions of yen
2020
¥749,978 98,468 ¥848,446
 2021
 ¥802,247
135,698
 ¥937,945
        89
90

                                              5.
1)
(1)
Financial Instruments
Disclosure on Financial Instruments
Policy on Financial Instruments
The Bank has its basic policy for both fund procurement and investments, which is designed to keep volatility low and risks minimized, and does not seek to generate profits by aggressive risk taking.
The Bank procures necessary cash for working capital mainly for cash held in ATMs and capital expenditure for ATM- and system-related infrastructure. The Bank raises its base capital taking into account interest rate trends through deposits, long- term borrowing, and bond issuance and uses the call market to raise additional capital to cover the daily fluctuation of its cash needs.
On the asset side, the Bank makes investments such as lending money to individuals with small lots. However, the main operation is in treasury and securities as a limited end user. Investments are limited to securities with high creditworthiness and liquidity, such as bonds, deposits placed at highly rated partner financial institutions, and lending of funds in the call-money market. The Bank does not invest in high risk derivatives and other instruments.
Details of Financial Instruments and Associated Risks
Cash for the operation of the ATM platform business accounts for most of the financial instruments the Bank holds. The Bank provides unutilized capital to call loan lending and is exposed to credit risk of the borrowers. Securities mainly consist of bonds and stocks with high creditworthiness and liquidity, all of which are classified as available-for-sale securities. These securities are exposed to borrower and issuers’ credit risks, interest rate risk, and market (price) risk. Loans are those for individual customers, which are exposed to credit risks of the borrowers. However, the risk is limited because guarantees are mostly attached to the entire loan amounts.
The Bank conducts banking business and its deposits and negotiable certificates of deposit that account for most of its financial liabilities are exposed to interest rate risk. It also uses the call market to raise short-term additional capital and is exposed to liquidity risk that it cannot raise necessary capital when needed.
Borrowed money and bonds are also exposed to liquidity risk in that the Bank cannot make necessary payments upon the due dates under certain circumstances where the Bank cannot access the capital market.
Risk Management Relating to Financial Instruments
Credit Risk Management
Basic policies related to credit risk are stipulated in the Basic Policy on Risk Control and by the Credit Risk Rules established thereunder. Currently, the Bank has low credit risk exposures in the limited areas of the ATM settlement operation, asset liability management (ALM)-related interbank deposits placed at highly rated partner financial institutions, money lent in the call-money market, and temporary ATM payment amounts due. In addition, the Bank performs self-assessment on asset quality as appropriate and sets an allowance for credit losses in accordance with its self-assessment guidelines, reserve guidelines, and related internal rules and regulations.
Credit risks related to issuers of securities and counterparty risks of derivative transactions are managed by the Risk Management Division by periodically collecting updated credit information and fair values of the instruments.
Market Risk Management
Basic policies related to market risk are stipulated in the Basic Policy on Risk Control and the Market Risk Rules established thereunder. The Market Risk Rules establish limits on the maximum level of funds at risk, market position limits and loss allowance limits. The Risk Management Group measures and monitors market risk on a daily basis in light of these limits and reports the results to management including the Executive Committee. Risk management operations are also based on decisions at the quarterly ALM Committee meetings where the Bank’s market risk position, expectations on interest rate trends and other matters are reported.
Quantitative Information related to Market Risk
Major market risk for the Bank is interest rate risk. The Bank measures the market risk using Value at Risk (VaR) for the overall assets and liabilities of the Bank. The Bank has adopted the variance-covariance method and calculates VaR with reference to data from the past one year to a 99.9% confidence level assuming a 125-day holding period. As of March 31, 2021, the Bank’s market risk quantity (maximum potential loss) is ¥2,578 million in the aggregate. In addition, given the characteristics of the Bank’s business, in measuring the market risk, the Bank has recognized the interest period for cash assets and deemed cash assets as five-year zero-coupon bonds (average duration of about 2.5 years). The Bank regularly performs back-testing to
compare the VaR calculated by its internal model against actual profit and loss. However, as VaR measures the amount of market risk under certain probabilities statistically calculated based on past market volatility, it may underestimate the probability of extreme market movements and, may in some instances, not adequately capture those risks.
(C) Management of Liquidity Risk
Basic policies related to liquidity risk are stipulated in the Basic Policy on Risk Control and the Liquidity Risk Rules established thereunder. The Liquidity Risk Rules establish limits regarding the cash gaps arising from differences between the duration of invested funds and those procured to meet current cash needs.
The Risk Management Group measures and monitors liquidity risk on a daily basis in light of these limits and reports the results to management, including the Executive Committee. In the event of a cash shortage, according to the measures corresponding to each scenario, which are designed prior to those events, companywide actions are taken to secure the liquidity in a fast and flexible manner. Hence, there shall be no concern on liquidity risk.
(4) Supplementary Explanation on Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The fair value of financial instruments includes, in addition to the value determined based on the market price, a valuation calculated on a reasonable basis in the event where no market price is available. Certain assumptions are used for the calculation of such values.
Accordingly, the results of such calculation may vary if different assumptions are employed.
2) Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The following table summarizes the amounts stated in the consolidated balance sheets and the fair value of financial instruments as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 together with their differences. Note that the following table does not include unlisted equity securities for which fair value is extremely difficult to determine (see (Note 2)).
(2)
(3)
(A)
(B)
March 31, 2021
(1) Cash and due from banks 1 ........................................................................................... (2) Securities
Available-for-sale securities ......................................................................................... (3) Loans ............................................................................................................................ Allowance for credit losses 1 ......................................................................................
(4) ATM-related temporary payments 1 ............................................................................... Total assets ........................................................................................................................
(1) Deposits ....................................................................................................................... (2) Borrowed money .......................................................................................................... (3) Bonds ........................................................................................................................... (4) ATM-related temporary advances .................................................................................. Total liabilities ......................................................................................................................
Derivative transactions to which:
(1) hedge accounting method is not applied ....................................................................... (2) hedge accounting method is applied ............................................................................. Total derivative transactions ................................................................................................
Carrying amount
Millions of yen
Fair value
Difference
   ¥ 937,883
 ¥ 937,883
 ¥—
71,298
71,298
—
24,329
(1)
   24,327
 24,327
 0
 83,676
 83,676
 —
 ¥1,117,184
 ¥1,117,185
 ¥0
   ¥ 783,408
¥ 783,483
¥ 74
591
591
—
105,000
105,939
939
47,046
 47,046
 —
 ¥ 936,046
 ¥ 937,059
 ¥1,013
  ¥—
¥—
¥—
—
 —
 —
 ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥—
  91
92

                                              March 31, 2020
(1) Cash and due from banks 1 ........................................................................................... (2) Securities
Available-for-sale securities ......................................................................................... (3) Loans ............................................................................................................................ Allowance for credit losses 1 .......................................................................................
(4) ATM-related temporary payments 1 ............................................................................... Total assets ........................................................................................................................
(1) Deposits ....................................................................................................................... (2) Borrowed money .......................................................................................................... (3) Bonds ........................................................................................................................... (4) ATM-related temporary advances .................................................................................. Total liabilities ......................................................................................................................
Derivative transactions to which:
(1) hedge accounting method is not applied ....................................................................... (2) hedge accounting method is applied ............................................................................. Total derivative transactions ................................................................................................
Carrying amount
¥ 848,446
64,054 23,283
(0)
23,282
81,965
¥1,017,750
¥ 684,560 196 105,000 45,052
¥ 834,808
¥ 48 —
¥ 48
Millions of yen
Fair value
¥ 848,446 64,054
23,282
81,965
¥1,017,750
¥ 684,656 196 105,975 45,052
¥ 835,880
¥48 —
¥48
(Note 2) The following table summarizes financial instruments whose fair value is extremely difficult to estimate. These securities are not included in the amount presented under the line item “(2) Securities” in the table summarizing fair value of financial instruments.
 Difference
¥ — —
—
—
¥ —
¥96 — 975 —
¥1,071
¥ — —
¥ —
Millions of yen
   2021
 ¥3,379
1,703
0
1,773
 ¥6,856
    Unlisted equity securities 1 and 2 ..................................................................................... Shares in an affiliated company 1 ................................................................................. Subscription rights to shares 1 and 3 ............................................................................... Investments in partnership 4 ......................................................................................... Total ............................................................................................................................
2020 ¥1,701
2,000 50 3,105 ¥6,856
     Notes: 1.
2. 3. 4.
Unlisted equity securities, shares in an affiliated company and subscription rights to shares are not included in the scope of fair value disclosure, since they do not have market price and are extremely difficult to estimate the fair value.
Impairment losses of ¥38 million on unlisted equity securities are recognized for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021.
Impairment losses of ¥49 million on subscription rights to shares are recognized for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021.
Investments in partnership are not included in the scope of fair value disclosure, because the partnership assets consist of unlisted equity securities and other items for which fair value is extremely difficult to estimate.
  (Note 3) Redemption schedule of monetary claims and securities with maturities
 March 31, 2021
Due from banks 1 .............................................. Securities:
Available-for-sale securities with maturity ..........
Japanese municipal bonds ..........................
Corporate bonds ......................................... Loans2 ............................................................. ATM-related temporary payments ..................... Total .................................................................
March 31, 2020
Due from banks 1 .............................................. Securities:
Available-for-sale securities with maturity ..........
Japanese municipal bonds ..........................
Corporate bonds ......................................... Loans 2 ............................................................. ATM-related temporary payments ..................... Total .................................................................
Millions of yen
  Within one year
Over one year but within three years
Over three years but within five years
Over five
years but within seven years
Over seven years but within ten years
Over ten years
  ¥135,698
 ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥—
11,300
50,831
8,184
—
—
—
700
16,731
3,584
—
—
—
10,600
34,100
4,600
—
—
—
24,274
8
—
—
—
—
83,681
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 ¥254,953
 ¥50,839
 ¥8,184
 ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥—
    Note 1: Allowance for credit losses corresponding to loans is deducted. However, with respect to items other than loans, the amounts stated in the consolidated balance sheets are those for which allowances are deducted directly since the amounts of allowance for credit losses corresponding to these items are not material.
(Note 1) Methods used for determining the fair value of financial instruments
Assets
(1) Cash and due from banks
For deposits without maturity, the carrying amount is presented as the fair value, as the carrying amount approximates such fair value. For deposits with maturity, the carrying amount is presented as the fair value, as the carrying amount approximates such fair value due to its short deposit term (within one year).
(2) Securities
The fair value of equity securities is determined based on the price quoted on the stock exchange. The fair value of bonds is determined based on the price quoted on the exchange or the financial institutions from which they are purchased.
See “6. Securities” for notes on securities by category based on purposes of holding the securities.
(3) Loans
For loans with variable interest rates, the carrying amount is presented as the fair value, as the loans reflect market rates in a timely manner and the carrying amount approximates such fair value, unless the creditworthiness of the borrower has changed significantly since the loan origination. For loans with fixed interest rates, the fair value is calculated by discounting the sum of principal and interests at interest rates generally applied to similar new loans by categories based on the types and maturity of loans.
For receivables from bankrupt, substantially bankrupt, and bankruptcy risk obligors, credit loss is estimated based on factors such as the present value of expected future cash flow or the expected amount to be collected from collaterals and guarantees. Therefore, fair values of these loans are stated at the consolidated balance sheet amounts at the balance sheet date after deducting the current estimated credit losses because this amount closely approximates fair value.
(4) ATM-related temporary payments
The remaining terms of the payments are short-term (within one year). Thus, the carrying amount is presented as the fair value, as the carrying amount approximates such fair value.
Liabilities
(1) Deposits
For demand deposits, the amount payable on demand as of the consolidated balance sheet date (i.e., the carrying amount) is deemed as the fair value. Fixed-rate time deposits are grouped by maturity lengths. The fair value of such deposits is the present value of expected future cash flows. The discount rates used are the interest rates that would be applied to newly accepted deposits. For deposits with maturity within one year, the carrying amount is presented as the fair value, as the carrying amount approximates such fair value.
(2) Borrowed money
For borrowed money with fixed interest rates, the fair value is calculated as the present value of expected future cash flows from these borrowings grouped by maturity lengths, which are discounted at interest rates generally applicable to similar borrowings reflecting premiums applicable to us.
For the borrowed money with maturity of within one year, the carrying amount is presented as the fair value, as the carrying amount approximates such fair value. There is no floating rate borrowing.
(3) Bonds
The fair value of corporate bonds issued by the Bank is determined based on the market prices.
(4) ATM-related temporary advances
The remaining terms of the payments are short-term (within one year). Thus, the carrying amount is presented as the fair value, as the carrying amount approximates such fair value.
Derivative transactions
See “29. Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Transactions” for details.
Millions of yen
  Within one year
¥ 98,468
11,400 5,700 5,700
23,244 81,965
¥215,077
Over one year but within three years
¥—
34,813 9,113 25,700 — —
¥34,813
Over three years but within five years
¥—
16,862 7,862 9,000
— —
¥16,862
Over five
years but within seven years
¥—
— — — — —
¥—
Over seven years but within ten years
¥—
— — — — —
¥—
Over ten years
¥—
— — — — —
¥—
    93
94
Notes: 1. Due from banks with no maturities are included in the “Within one year” category.
2. For loans, ¥46 million and ¥39 million as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 are excluded for loans that are not expected to be collected, which are for
the debtors who are bankrupt, substantially bankrupt, and bankruptcy risk obligors.

                                              (Note 4) Repayment schedule of bonds payable, borrowed money, and other interest-bearing liabilities
March 31, 2020
Securities with higher balances than acquisition costs
Equity securities ...................................................................................................................... Bonds:
Japanese municipal bonds ................................................................................................
Corporate bonds ............................................................................................................... Total .......................................................................................................................................
Securities with the same or lower balances than acquisition costs
Bonds:
Japanese municipal bonds ................................................................................................ Corporate bonds ...............................................................................................................
Total ....................................................................................................................................... Grand total .............................................................................................................................
Millions of yen
Carrying amount
¥ 683
8,409 300
¥9,394
Millions of yen
Carrying amount
¥14,347 40,313
¥54,660
¥64,054
 March 31, 2021
Deposits 1 ......................................................... Borrowed money .............................................. Bonds .............................................................. ATM-related temporary advances ..................... Total .................................................................
March 31, 2020
Deposits 1 ......................................................... Borrowed money .............................................. Bonds .............................................................. ATM-related temporary advances ..................... Total .................................................................
Millions of yen
Acquisition cost
¥ 151
8,406 300
¥8,859
Acquisition cost
¥14,352 40,370
¥54,723
¥63,583
Difference
¥531
2 0
¥534
Difference
¥ (5) (56)
¥ (62)
¥471
   Within one year
Within one year
¥568,387 196 — 45,052
¥613,635
Over one year but within three years
Over one year but within three years
¥72,903 — 20,000 —
¥92,903
Over three years but within five years
Over five
years but within seven years
Over seven years but within ten years
Over seven years but within ten years
¥— — 50,000 —
¥50,000
Over ten years
Over ten years
¥— — — —
¥—
  ¥667,879
 ¥ 68,516
 ¥47,012
 ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥—
591
—
—
—
—
—
—
40,000
15,000
30,000
20,000
—
47,046
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 ¥715,516
 ¥108,516
 ¥62,012
 ¥30,000
 ¥20,000
 ¥—
        Millions of yen
 Over three years but within five years
¥43,269 — 35,000 —
¥78,269
Over five
years but within seven years
¥— — — —
¥—
(3) Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities on the consolidated balance sheets were as follows:
     Millions of yen
  2021
 ¥ 635
(194)
 ¥ 440
    Note 1: Demand deposits are included in the “Within one year” category.
6. Securities
March 31
Unrealized gains (losses):
On available-for-sale securities ..........................................................................................
Deferred tax liabilities ........................................................................................................ Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes ...............................
2020
¥ 720 (220)
¥ 499
 (1) The total amount of equity securities or investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies was as follows:
Note: Unrealized gains (losses) on investments in partnership whose fair value is extremely difficult to estimate of ¥107 million and ¥ 248 million as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are included in “Available-for-sale securities.”
7. Assets Pledged
Available-for-sale securities were pledged as collateral for exchange settlements and overdraft transactions with the Bank of Japan. The securities pledged amounted to ¥70,618 million and ¥63,371 million as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Other assets included guarantee deposits of ¥2,124 million and ¥2,020 million as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and deposits to Central Counterparty of ¥800 million and ¥800 million as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
8. Loans
Loans to bankrupt borrowers and delinquent loans were ¥3 million and ¥42 million as of March 31, 2021, and ¥0 million and ¥38 million as of March 31, 2020, respectively.
Loans to bankrupt borrowers are non-accrual loans, after write-off, to borrowers who are legally bankrupt as defined in Article 96 (1) (iii) and (iv) of the Corporation Tax Act Enforcement Ordinance (Article 97 of 1965 Cabinet Order), for which interest is not recognized as there is substantial doubt on collectability because they are past due for a considerable period.
Delinquent loans are non-accrual loans other than loans to bankrupt borrowers and loans of which payments of interest are deferred in order to assist or facilitate the restructuring of borrowers in financial difficulties.
Loans past due three months or more were ¥0 million and nil as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Loans past due three months or more are loans on which the payment of principal and/or interest is past due for three months or more from the due date, and which are not included in loans to bankrupt borrowers or delinquent loans.
There were no renegotiated loans as of March 31, 2021 and 2020. Those loans are ones on which terms and conditions have been amended in favor of borrowers, in order to facilitate or assist the borrowers’ restructuring by reducing the rate of interest, by providing a grace period for the payment of principal or interest or by loan forgiveness, and are not classified in any of the above categories.
The totals of loans to bankrupt borrowers, delinquent loans, loans past due three months or more, and renegotiated loans were ¥46 million and ¥39 million as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The amounts above are before deduction of allowance for credit losses.
   Millions of yen
 2021
 ¥1,703
   March 31
Equity securities ......................................................................................................................
2020 ¥2,000
   (2) The following tables summarize acquisition cost and carrying amount of securities with fair values available as of March 31, 2021 and 2020:
Available-for-sale securities:
March 31, 2021
Securities with higher balances than acquisition costs
Equity securities ...................................................................................................................... Bonds:
Japanese municipal bonds ................................................................................................
Corporate bonds ............................................................................................................... Total .......................................................................................................................................
Securities with the same or lower balances than acquisition costs
Bonds:
Japanese municipal bonds ................................................................................................ Corporate bonds ...............................................................................................................
Total ....................................................................................................................................... Grand total .............................................................................................................................
Acquisition cost
Acquisition cost
Millions of yen
Carrying amount
Millions of yen
Carrying amount
Difference
Difference
   ¥ 151
 ¥ 679
 ¥527
16,815
16,821
6
19,322
 19,332
 9
 ¥36,290
 ¥36,833
 ¥543
        ¥ 4,285
¥ 4,284
¥ (0)
30,194
 30,179
 (15)
 ¥34,480
 ¥34,464
 ¥ (15)
 ¥70,770
 ¥71,298
 ¥527
   95
96

                                              Overdraft facilities are contracts under which the Bank lends money to customers in good standing upon request up to the contracted limit. Unused overdraft facilities amounted to ¥23,965 million and ¥20,604 million as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Unused overdraft facilities for contracts with a term of within one year also amounted to ¥23,965 million and ¥20,604 million as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
13. Borrowed Money
Borrowed money as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following:
Borrowed money from banks and insurance companies .........................................................
Millions of yen
2020
¥196
 2021
 ¥591
    9. Tangible Fixed Assets
Tangible fixed assets as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following:
Buildings ................................................................................................................................ ATMs ...................................................................................................................................... Other ......................................................................................................................................
Total ..................................................................................................................................
Millions of yen
2020
¥ 1,630 9,042 3,312 ¥13,985
The weighted average interest rate applicable to the balance of total borrowed money as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 was 6.17% and 7.75%, respectively.
   2021
 ¥ 1,690
14,342
3,185
 ¥19,218
   The repayment schedule on borrowed money as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
Borrowed money
Within one year ....................................................................................................................... Over one year but within two years ......................................................................................... Over two years but within three years ..................................................................................... Over three years but within four years ..................................................................................... Over four years but within five years ........................................................................................ Over five years ........................................................................................................................
14. Bonds
Bonds as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following:
Unsecured:
0.80% unsecured bonds due March 20, 2023, date of issue March 7, 2013 .......................... 0.53% unsecured bonds due December 20, 2024, date of issue December 17, 2014 ........... 0.39% unsecured bonds due September 17, 2027, date of issue October 20, 2017 .............. 0.16% unsecured bonds due December 20, 2023, date of issue January 25, 2019 ............... 0.38% unsecured bonds due December 20, 2028, date of issue January 25, 2019 ...............
Total .................................................................................................................................. The repayment schedule on bonds as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 was as follows:
Within one year ....................................................................................................................... Over one year but within two years ......................................................................................... Over two years but within three years ..................................................................................... Over three years but within four years ..................................................................................... Over four years but within five years ........................................................................................ Over five years ........................................................................................................................
15. Other liabilities
Other liabilities as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following:
Accrued expenses .................................................................................................................. Asset retirement obligations .................................................................................................... Other ......................................................................................................................................
Total ..................................................................................................................................
Millions of yen
  2021
 ¥591
—
—
—
—
—
       The accumulated depreciation of tangible fixed assets as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 amounted to ¥62,219 million and ¥68,799 million, respectively.
2020 ¥196
— — — — —
¥ 20,000 15,000 30,000 20,000 20,000 ¥105,000
Millions of yen
2020
¥— — 20,000 20,000 15,000 50,000
Millions of yen
2020
¥ 7,864 785 10,789 ¥19,439
10. Intangible Fixed Assets
Intangible fixed assets as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following:
Software ................................................................................................................................. Other ...................................................................................................................................... Total ..................................................................................................................................
11. Other Assets
Other assets as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following:
Accrued income ..................................................................................................................... Prepaid expenses ................................................................................................................... Other ......................................................................................................................................
Total ..................................................................................................................................
12. Deposits
Deposits as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following:
Deposits ................................................................................................................................. Negotiable certificates of deposit ............................................................................................ Total ..................................................................................................................................
Millions of yen
2020
¥20,930 8,734 ¥29,665
Millions of yen
2020
¥10,029 2,787 3,548 ¥16,365
Millions of yen
2020
¥683,760 800 ¥684,560
Millions of yen
2020
   2021
 ¥26,215
8,642
 ¥34,857
     2021
 ¥ 20,000
15,000
30,000
20,000
20,000
 ¥105,000
        2021
 ¥ 9,672
2,846
4,923
 ¥17,442
           2021
 ¥—
20,000
20,000
15,000
—
50,000
     2021
 ¥782,658
750
 ¥783,408
           2021
 ¥ 7,945
677
12,217
 ¥20,839
      97
98

                                              16. Employees’ Severance and Retirement Benefits
The Bank and certain domestic consolidated subsidiaries have employee pension plans that are defined benefit pension plans, in addition to the optional defined contribution pension plans.
Certain overseas consolidated subsidiaries have defined benefit retirement payment plans, in addition to defined contribution pension plans.
(4) Retirement benefit costs
Millions of yen
2020
 2021
 ¥270
15
(69)
(19)
0
 ¥197
    Defined benefit plan
Fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020
(1) Movement in projected benefit obligation
Balance at the beginning of the year ....................................................................................... Service cost ............................................................................................................................ Interest cost ........................................................................................................................... Actuarial difference ................................................................................................................. Benefits paid .......................................................................................................................... Other ...................................................................................................................................... Balance at the end of the year ................................................................................................
(2) Movement in plan assets
Balance at the beginning of the year ....................................................................................... Expected return on plan assets .............................................................................................. Actuarial difference ................................................................................................................. Contributions paid by the employer ........................................................................................ Benefits paid .......................................................................................................................... Balance at the end of the year ................................................................................................
Millions of yen
2020
¥2,927 247 14 19
(132) 0
¥3,077
Millions of yen
2020
¥3,369 67
(119) 267 (131)
¥3,452
Service cost ............................................................................................................................ ¥247 Interest cost ........................................................................................................................... 14 Expected return on plan assets .............................................................................................. (67) Amortization of actuarial difference ......................................................................................... (33) Other ...................................................................................................................................... 0 Retirement benefit costs ......................................................................................................... ¥161
(5) Adjustments for retirement benefits
The components of items recognized in adjustments for retirement benefits (pre-tax) were as follows:
     2021
 ¥3,077
270
15
24
(107)
(0)
 ¥3,281
     2021
 ¥428
 ¥428
     Actuarial difference ................................................................................................................. Total amount recognized for the year ......................................................................................
(6) Accumulated adjustments for retirement benefits
Millions of yen
2020
¥(172) ¥(172)
      The components of items recognized in accumulated adjustments for retirement benefits (pre-tax) were as follows:
 2021
 ¥(517)
 ¥(517)
     2021
 ¥3,452
69
472
297
(107)
 ¥4,184
        2021
 55%
36%
9%
 100%
       (3) Reconciliation from projected benefit obligation and plan assets to liability and assets for retirement benefits recorded on the consolidated balance sheet
Unrecognized actuarial difference ........................................................................................... Total balance at the end of the year ........................................................................................
(7) Plan assets
(a) Plan assets comprise:
Bonds .................................................................................................................................... Equity securities ...................................................................................................................... Other ...................................................................................................................................... Total .......................................................................................................................................
Millions of yen
2020
¥(89) ¥(89)
2020 60%
29%
11% 100%
   Millions of yen
 2021
 ¥ 3,274
(4,184)
 (909)
6
 (903)
 6
(909)
 ¥ (903)
    Funded projected benefit obligation ........................................................................................ Plan assets .............................................................................................................................
Unfunded projected benefit obligation ..................................................................................... Total net liability (asset) for retirement benefits at the end of the year .......................................
Liability for retirement benefits ................................................................................................. Asset for retirement benefits ................................................................................................... Total net liability (asset) for retirement benefits at the end of the year .......................................
2020
¥ 3,073
(3,452) (378)
3 (374)
3 (378) ¥ (374)
(b) Long-term expected rate of return on plan assets
Current and target asset allocations, historical and expected returns on various categories of plan assets have been considered in determining the long-term expected rate of return.
(8) Actuarial assumptions
The principal actuarial assumptions, presented in weighted average rates, as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
2020 Discount rate .......................................................................................................................... 0.5% Long-term expected rate of return on plan assets ................................................................... 2.0% Expected rate of salary increase ............................................................................................. 2.5%
Note: Disclosure of information on overseas consolidated subsidiaries was omitted since it is immaterial.
Defined contribution plan
The amount of required contribution to the defined contribution plans of the Bank and certain domestic and overseas consolidated subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 was ¥52 million and ¥13 million, respectively.
    2021
 0.5%
2.0%
2.5%
          99
100

                                              17. Net Assets
Under the Company Law of Japan (the “Company Law”), the entire amount of the issue price for shares is required to be accounted for as capital, although a company may, by resolution of its Board of Directors, account for an amount not exceeding one-half of the issue price of the new shares as additional paid-in capital, which is included in capital surplus.
The payment of dividends by the Bank is subject to restrictions under Article 18 of the Banking Law of Japan (the “Banking Law”). The Banking Law provides that an amount equal to at least 20% of cash dividends and other cash appropriations shall be appropriated and set aside as a legal earnings reserve until the total amount of the legal earnings reserve and additional paid-in capital equals 100% of common stock. The legal earnings reserve and additional paid-in capital may be used to eliminate or reduce a deficit by a resolution of a shareholders’ meeting or may be capitalized by a resolution of the Board of Directors. On condition that the total amount of the legal earnings reserve and additional paid-in capital remains equal to or exceeds 100% of common stock, they are available for distributions or certain other purposes by a resolution of a shareholders’ meeting.
The maximum amount that the Bank can distribute as dividends is calculated based on the non-consolidated financial statements of the Bank in accordance with the Company Law.
18. Fees and Commissions Income
Fees and commissions income for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following:
22. Other Income
Other income for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following:
Gain on sales of fixed assets .................................................................................................. Other ...................................................................................................................................... Total ..................................................................................................................................
23. Other Expenses
Other expenses for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following:
Losses on disposal of fixed assets .......................................................................................... Provision of allowance for credit losses ................................................................................... Equity in losses of affiliates ...................................................................................................... Other ......................................................................................................................................
Total ..................................................................................................................................
24. Other Comprehensive Income
Other comprehensive income for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following: Millions of yen
Millions of yen
 2021
 ¥ 273
 1,746
 ¥2,019
   2020
¥ 91
422 ¥514
     Millions of yen
2020
 2021
 ¥ 258
63
796
559
 ¥1,677
     Millions of yen
2020
¥ 3,062 136,486 4,730 ¥144,280
¥ 147 2 4,770 150 ¥5,070
2020
¥68 (58)
10 (3)
¥7
¥ (53) —
(53) —
¥ (53)
¥ (139) (33) (172)
53 ¥ (119) ¥ (165)
 2021
 ¥ 3,438
123,501
4,769
 ¥131,709
      Remittance-related fee income ............................................................................................... ATM-related fee income .......................................................................................................... Other ......................................................................................................................................
Total ..................................................................................................................................
19. Fees and Commissions Expenses
Fees and commissions expenses for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following: Millions of yen
Remittance-related fee expenses ............................................................................................ ATM placement fee expenses ................................................................................................. ATM-related fee expenses ...................................................................................................... Other ......................................................................................................................................
Total ..................................................................................................................................
20. Other Operating Income
Other operating income for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 consisted of the following:
Millions of yen
Gains on foreign exchange transactions ................................................................................. Total ..................................................................................................................................
21. General and Administrative Expenses
2020
¥ 1,591
31,013 4,886 2,813
¥40,305
2020 ¥281
¥281
Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes
Amount arising during the year .......................................................................................... Reclassification adjustment ...............................................................................................
Amount before income tax effect .................................................................................
Income tax effect ......................................................................................................... Total ..................................................................................................................................
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Amount arising during the year .......................................................................................... Reclassification adjustment ...............................................................................................
Amount before income tax effect .................................................................................
Income tax effect ......................................................................................................... Total ..................................................................................................................................
Adjustments for retirement benefits
Amount arising during the year .......................................................................................... Reclassification adjustment ...............................................................................................
Amount before income tax effect .................................................................................
Income tax effect ......................................................................................................... Total .................................................................................................................................. Total other comprehensive income ..........................................................................................
  2021
 ¥ 397
(482)
 (85)
26
 ¥ (59)
 ¥(369)
—
 (369)
—
 ¥(369)
 ¥ 447
(19)
 428
(131)
 ¥ 296
 ¥(131)
        2021
 ¥ 1,773
28,282
2,444
2,859
 ¥35,360
             2021
 ¥201
 ¥201
            Main items and amounts of general and administrative expenses for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
 2021
 ¥ 7,608
249
14,070
 21,179
    Salary and allowance .............................................................................................................. Retirement benefit costs ......................................................................................................... Depreciation of fixed assets .................................................................................................... Business outsourcing expenses ..............................................................................................
Millions of yen
2020
¥ 7,075 175 14,634 20,176
   101
102

                                              25. Income Taxes
Income taxes of the Bank and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries in the consolidated statements of income consist of corporation tax, inhabitant tax and enterprise tax.
(1) Significant components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
March 31, 2020
Net operating loss carry forwards 1 ........ Valuation allowance ............................... Deferred tax assets ................................
Within one year
¥ 12 ¥(12)
¥ —
Over one year but within two years
Over two
years but within three years
Millions of yen
Over three years but within four years
¥ 16 ¥(16)
¥ —
Over four years but within five years
¥ 7 ¥ (7)
¥—
Over five years
¥ 2,208 ¥(2,208)
¥ —
Total
¥ 2,318 ¥(2,272)
¥ 45
    2021
 ¥ 2,006
720
348
197
194
145
27
6
—
270
 3,918
(1,902)
(750)
(2,652)
 ¥ 1,265
 ¥ (194)
(87)
(22)
(340)
 (645)
 ¥ 620
      Deferred tax assets:
Net operating loss carry forwards 2
Depreciation of fixed assets and impairment losses ................................................................ Enterprise tax ......................................................................................................................... Asset retirement obligations .................................................................................................... Reserve for stocks payment ................................................................................................... Reserve for bonuses ............................................................................................................... Allowance for credit losses ..................................................................................................... Accounts payable
(Formerly recorded as reserve for retirement benefits for directors and
statutory auditors) .............................................................................................................
Stock option expenses ........................................................................................................... Other ...................................................................................................................................... Subtotal deferred tax assets ................................................................................................... Valuation allowance for net operating loss carry forwards 2 ..................................................... Valuation allowance for total future deductible temporary differences ...................................... Subtotal valuation allowance ................................................................................................... Total deferred tax assets .........................................................................................................
Deferred tax liabilities:
Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities .................................................... Intangible fixed assets recognized with business combination ................................................ Adjustment for tangible fixed assets related to asset retirement obligations ............................. Other ...................................................................................................................................... Total deferred tax liabilities ...................................................................................................... Net deferred tax assets ...........................................................................................................
Notes: 1. Net deferred tax assets are included in the following items in the consolidated balance sheets.
Deferred tax assets ................................................................................................................. Deferred tax liabilities ..............................................................................................................
2. Net operating loss carry forwards and its deferred tax assets by term as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
Millions of yen
2020
¥ 2,318 990 434 226 72 130 7
7 84 171 4,443
(2,272) (766) (3,039)
¥ 1,404
¥ (220) (137) (26) (247) (632)
¥ 771
Millions of yen
2020
¥ 27 ¥45 ¥(27) ¥—
¥ — ¥45
 .........................................................................................
Note: 1. Net operating loss carry forwards is the amount after multiplying by the statutory tax rate.
(2) Reconciliation of the material difference between the statutory tax rate and the effective income tax rate for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
2020 30.62%
34.37%
 2021
 30.62%
0.06
(1.09)
0.68
(2.58)
0.12
 27.81%
    Statutory tax rate ....................................................................................................................
Non-deductible expenses, including entertainment expenses ................................................. 0.06 Increase (decrease) in valuation allowance .............................................................................. (0.05) Equity in losses of affiliates ...................................................................................................... 3.67 Deductible losses on valuation of shares in subsidiaries and affiliates ...................................... — Other ...................................................................................................................................... 0.07
 Effective tax rate .....................................................................................................................
26. Changes in Net Assets
(1) Information on shares issued and treasury stock:
   Type and number of shares issued and treasury stock for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
  Year ended March 31, 2021
Thousands of shares
 April 1, 2020
Increase
Decrease
March 31, 2021
     1,179,129
 179
 —
 1,179,308
 1,179,129
179
—
1,179,308
    798
 2,853
 64
 3,587
 798
 2,853
 64
 3,587
  Shares issued
Common stock 1
Total ..............................................................................................................
Treasury stock
Common stock 2 and 3 ..................................................................................... Total ..............................................................................................................
...........................................................................................
      2021
 ¥707
¥ 87
    ¥909 ¥137
Total
held by the BIP Trust and ESOP Trust, respectively. Year ended March 31, 2020
Shares issued
Common stock 1 ........................................................................................... Total ..............................................................................................................
Treasury stock
Common stock 2 and 3 ..................................................................................... Total ..............................................................................................................
Thousands of shares
Notes: 1. Increase in number of shares issued: 179 thousand shares due to exercise of subscription rights
2. Increase in number of shares of treasury stock: 2,853 thousand shares due to acquisition of the Bank’s shares by the BIP Trust and ESOP Trust.
Decrease in number of shares of treasury stock: 64 thousand shares due to issuance of the Bank’s shares held by the BIP Trust
3. The number of shares of treasury stock as of April 1, 2020 and March 31, 2021 includes 798 thousand shares and 3,587 thousand shares of the Bank
     March 31, 2020
Net operating loss carry forwards 1 Valuation allowance ............................... Deferred tax assets ................................
Within one year
Over one year but within two years
Over two
years but within three years
Millions of yen
Over three years but within four years
Over four years but within five years
Over five years
April 1, 2019
1,192,464
1,192,464
831
831
Increase
165
165
13,500
13,500
Decrease
13,500
13,500
13,532
13,532
March 31, 2020
1,179,129
1,179,129
798
798
      ¥ 17
 ¥45
 ¥ 12
 ¥5
 ¥58
 ¥ 1,866
 ¥ 2,006
¥(17)
 ¥—
 ¥(12)
 ¥ (5)
 ¥—
 ¥(1,866)
 ¥(1,902)
 ¥—
 ¥45
 ¥—
 ¥—
 ¥58
 ¥—
 ¥ 104
  ........
Notes: 1. Increase in number of shares issued: 165 thousand shares due to exercise of subscription rights Decrease in number of shares issued: 13,500 thousand shares due to cancellation of treasury stock
 2. Increase in number of shares of treasury stock: 13,500 thousand shares due to purchase of treasury stock pursuant to the resolution of the Board of Directors’ meeting
Decrease in number of shares of treasury stock: 13,532 thousand shares due to cancellation of 13,500 thousand shares of treasury stock pursuant to the resolution of the Board of Directors’ meeting and 32 thousand shares due to issuance of the Bank’s shares held by the BIP Trust
3. The number of shares of treasury stock as of April 1, 2019 and March 31, 2020 includes 831 thousand shares and 798 thousand shares of the Bank held by the BIP Trust and ESOP Trust, respectively.
 103
104

                                              (2) Information on subscription rights to shares:
There were no subscription rights to shares, or treasury subscription rights as of March 31, 2021.
27. Related Party Transactions
Related party transactions for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
Year ended March 31, 2020 Details of subscription rights to shares
Subscription rights to shares as stock options ............. Total .......................................................................
Note: There are no treasury subscription rights to shares.
(3) Information on dividends:
Thousands of shares
(1) Transactions between the Bank and related parties
 Type of shares
April 1, 2019
Increase
—
—
Decrease
March 31, 2020
Balance at March 31, 2020 (Millions of yen)
¥274
¥274
(a) Parent company and major shareholders
Year ended March 31, 2021
  Amounts of transactions
Description of transactions Millions of yen
Balance at the end of fiscal year
    Related party
Category
Account title
Millions of yen
  Seven-Eleven Japan Co., Ltd. 1
  Other related companies
  Payment of ATM placement fee expenses 2
  ¥14,116
  Accrued expenses 3
  ¥1,381
   (a) Dividends paid in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020
Notes: 1. 38.46% of the outstanding common stock of the Bank is directly owned by Seven-Eleven Japan Co., Ltd. as of March 31, 2021. 2. Terms and conditions as well as decision policies of terms and conditions:
Year ended March 31, 2021
Type of shares Aggregate amount of dividends
(Millions of yen, except per share amounts)
The terms and conditions as well as decision policies of terms and conditions associated with ATM placement fees are determined by comprehensively
taking into account compensation for delegated administrative work and Seven-Eleven Japan’s infrastructure costs. 3. The accrued expenses include consumption tax.
 Source of dividends
Cash dividends per share
Record date
Effective date
 Common stock 1
 ¥6,485
 Retained earnings
 ¥5.50
 March 31, 2020
 June 1, 2020
Common stock 2
  ¥6,486
  Retained earnings
  ¥5.50
  September 30, 2020
  December 1, 2020
      Notes: 1. Date of resolution: Board of Directors meeting held on May 22, 2020
Aggregate amount of dividends determined by the resolution of Board of Directors on May 22, 2020 includes ¥4 million of dividends on the Bank’s shares held by the BIP Trust and ESOP Trust.
2. Date of resolution: Board of Directors meeting held on November 6, 2020
Aggregate amount of dividends determined by the resolution of Board of Directors on November 6, 2020 includes ¥19 million of dividends on the Bank’s shares held by the BIP Trust and ESOP Trust.
Year ended March 31, 2020
Related party
Seven-Eleven Japan Co., Ltd. 1
Amounts of transactions
Description of transactions Millions of yen
Payment of ATM
placement fee ¥14,153 expenses 2
Balance at the end of fiscal year
Account title Millions of yen
Accrued expenses 3 ¥1,270
Year ended March 31, 2020
(Millions of yen, except per share amounts)
Notes: 1. 2.
3.
38.47% of the outstanding common stock of the Bank is directly owned by Seven-Eleven Japan Co., Ltd. as of March 31, 2020.
Terms and conditions as well as decision policies of terms and conditions:
The terms and conditions as well as decision policies of terms and conditions associated with ATM placement fees are determined by comprehensively taking into account compensation for delegated administrative work and Seven-Eleven Japan’s infrastructure costs.
The accrued expenses include consumption tax.
Category
Other related companies
     Type of shares
Common stock 1 Common stock 2
Aggregate amount of dividends
¥7,154
¥6,485
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Retained earnings
Cash dividends per share
¥6.00
¥5.50
Record date
March 31, 2019
September 30, 2019
Effective date
June 3, 2019
December 2, 2019
(b) The Bank’s unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates
There is no material transaction to be noted for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020.
(c) Company that has the same parent company as the Bank, and subsidiaries of the Bank’s other related companies There is no material transaction to be noted for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020.
(d) The Bank’s directors and major individual shareholders
There is no material transaction to be noted for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020.
(2) Transactions between the Bank’s consolidated subsidiaries and related parties
(a) Parent company and major shareholders
There is no material transaction to be noted for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020.
(b) The Bank’s unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates
There is no material transaction to be noted for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020.
(c) Company that has the same parent company as the Bank, and subsidiaries of the Bank’s other related companies
Year ended March 31, 2021
Amounts of transactions Balance at the end of fiscal year
Related party Category Description of transactions Millions of yen Account title Millions of yen
Note: Terms and conditions as well as decision policies of terms and conditions:
The terms and conditions as well as decision policies of terms and conditions associated with ATM placement fees are determined by comprehensively taking into account 7-Eleven, Inc.’s infrastructure costs.
   Notes: 1. Date of resolution: Board of Directors meeting held on May 24, 2019
Aggregate amount of dividends determined by the resolution of Board of Directors on May 24, 2019 includes ¥4 million of dividends on the Bank’s shares held by the BIP Trust and ESOP Trust.
2. Date of resolution: Board of Directors meeting held on November 8, 2019
Aggregate amount of dividends determined by the resolution of Board of Directors on November 8, 2019 includes ¥4 million of dividends on the Bank’s shares held by the BIP Trust and ESOP Trust.
(b) Dividends to be paid in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021
Type of shares
Common stock
Aggregate amount of dividends
¥6,486
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Cash dividends per share
¥5.50
Record date
March 31, 2021
Effective date
June 1, 2021
(Millions of yen, except per share amounts)
   Note: Date of resolution: Board of Directors meeting held on May 21, 2021
Aggregate amount of dividends to be paid includes ¥19 million of dividends on the Bank’s shares held by the BIP Trust and ESOP Trust.
Cash dividends per share based on business results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 were ¥11.00 annually with the year-end dividend of ¥5.50 added to the interim dividend of ¥5.50.
     7-Eleven, Inc.
  Same parent company
  Payment of ATM placement fee expenses
  ¥11,337
  Accrued expenses
  ¥832
  105
106

                                              Year ended March 31, 2020
Related party
7-Eleven, Inc.
Amounts of transactions
Balance at the end of fiscal year
30. Stock Options
Outline of stock options and changes were as follows:
    Category
Same parent company
Description of transactions
Payment of ATM placement fee expenses
Millions of yen
¥11,434
Account title
Accrued expenses
Millions of yen
¥987
(1) Outline of stock options
Title and number of grantees ............ Number of stock options 1 ................ Grant date ........................................ Condition for vesting .........................
Requisite service period .................... Exercise period .................................
Title and number of grantees ............ Number of stock options 1 ................ Grant date ........................................ Condition for vesting .........................
Requisite service period .................... Exercise period .................................
Title and number of grantees ............ Number of stock options 1 ................ Grant date ........................................ Condition for vesting .........................
Requisite service period .................... Exercise period .................................
Title and number of grantees ............ Number of stock options 1 ................ Grant date ........................................ Condition for vesting .........................
Requisite service period .................... Exercise period .................................
First grant-1
5 directors
184,000 common shares
August 12, 2008
Within 10 days from the day following the day that a subscription holder loses his/her position as a director
No provisions
From August 13, 2008 to August 12, 2038
Second grant-2
5 executive officers
38,000 common shares
August 3, 2009
Within 10 days from the day following the day that a subscription holder loses his/her position as an executive officer (or if a subscription holder assumed as a director, within 10 days from the day following the day that the subscription holder loses his/ her position as a director)
No provisions
From August 4, 2009 to August 3, 2039
Fourth grant-1
5 directors
440,000 common shares
August 8, 2011
Within 10 days from the day following the day that a subscription holder loses his/her position as a director
No provisions
From August 9, 2011 to August 8, 2041
Fifth grant-1
6 directors
363,000 common shares
August 6, 2012
Within 10 days from the day following the day that a subscription holder loses his/her position as a director
No provisions
From August 7, 2012 to August 6, 2042
Second grant-1
4 directors
171,000 common shares
August 3, 2009
Within 10 days from the day following the day that a subscription holder loses his/her position as a director
No provisions
From August 4, 2009 to August 3, 2039
Third grant-1
5 directors
423,000 common shares
August 9, 2010
Within 10 days from the day following the day that a subscription holder loses his/her position as a director
No provisions
From August 10, 2010 to August 9, 2040
Fourth grant-2
8 executive officers
118,000 common shares
August 8, 2011
Within 10 days from the day following the day that a subscription holder loses his/her position as an executive officer (or if a subscription holder assumed as a director, within 10 days from the day following the day that the subscription holder loses his/ her position as a director)
No provisions
From August 9, 2011 to August 8, 2041
Fifth grant-2
7 executive officers
77,000 common shares
August 6, 2012
Within 10 days from the day following the day that a subscription holder loses his/her position as an executive officer (or if a subscription holder assumed as a director, within 10 days from the day following the day that the subscription holder loses his/ her position as a director)
No provisions
From August 7, 2012 to August 6, 2042
     Note: Terms and conditions as well as decision policies of terms and conditions:
The terms and conditions as well as decision policies of terms and conditions associated with ATM placement fees are determined by comprehensively taking into account 7-Eleven, Inc.’s infrastructure costs.
(3) Notes on the parent company or any significant affiliated company
(a) Parent company
Seven & i Holdings Co., Ltd. (listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange)
28. Lease Transactions
Finance Leases:
Disclosure is omitted as it is immaterial.
Operating Leases:
Future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: Millions of yen
   2021
 ¥ 589
625
 ¥1,214
     Due within one year ................................................................................................................ Due after one year .................................................................................................................. Total ..................................................................................................................................
29. Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Transactions
Derivative transactions to which the hedge accounting method is not applied:
2020
¥ 590
1,071 ¥1,661
     For derivative transactions to which the hedge accounting method is not applied, the following table shows contract or notional amounts, fair values, and methods of fair value calculation as of the consolidated balance sheet date for each type of instrument. The contract or notional amounts, however, do not represent the magnitude of market risk associated with the derivative transactions.
Currency related transactions:
There were no applicable transactions as of March 31, 2021.
March 31, 2020
Category
Over-the-counter
Millions of yen
 Type
Non-deliverable forward (NDF): Sell
Indonesia Rupiah
Contract or notional amount
¥308
Over one year
¥—
Fair value
¥48
Unrealized Gains/(Losses)
¥48
    Notes: 1. The above transaction is measured at fair value and unrealized gains or losses are recognized in the consolidated statement of income. 2. Fair value is determined by the discounted cash flow method, etc.
Derivative transactions to which the hedge accounting method is applied:
There were no applicable transactions as of March 31, 2021 and 2020.
 107
108

                                               Title and number of grantees ............ Number of stock options 1 ................ Grant date ........................................ Condition for vesting .........................
Requisite service period .................... Exercise period .................................
Title and number of grantees ............ Number of stock options 1 ................ Grant date ........................................ Condition for vesting .........................
Requisite service period .................... Exercise period .................................
Title and number of grantees ............ Number of stock options 1 ................ Grant date ........................................ Condition for vesting .........................
Requisite service period .................... Exercise period .................................
Title and number of grantees ............ Number of stock options 1 ................ Grant date ........................................ Condition for vesting .........................
Requisite service period .................... Exercise period .................................
Sixth grant-1
6 directors
216,000 common shares
August 5, 2013
Within 10 days from the day following the day that a subscription holder loses his/her position as a director
No provisions
From August 6, 2013 to August 5, 2043
Seventh grant-1
6 directors
193,000 common shares
August 4, 2014
Within 10 days from the day following the day that a subscription holder loses his/her position as a director
No provisions
From August 5, 2014 to August 4, 2044
Eighth grant-1
6 directors
138,000 common shares
August 10, 2015
Within 10 days from the day following the day that a subscription holder loses his/her position as a director
No provisions
From August 11, 2015 to August 10, 2045
Ninth grant-1
6 directors
278,000 common shares
August 8, 2016
Within 10 days from the day following the day that a subscription holder loses his/her position as a director
No provisions
From August 9, 2016 to August 8, 2046
Sixth grant-2
7 executive officers
43,000 common shares
August 5, 2013
Within 10 days from the day following the day that a subscription holder loses his/her position as an executive officer (or if a subscription holder assumed as a director, within 10 days from the day following the day that the subscription holder loses his/ her position as a director)
No provisions
From August 6, 2013 to August 5, 2043
Seventh grant-2
8 executive officers
44,000 common shares
August 4, 2014
Within 10 days from the day following the day that a subscription holder loses his/her position as an executive officer (or if a subscription holder assumed as a director, within 10 days from the day following the day that the subscription holder loses his/ her position as a director)
No provisions
From August 5, 2014 to August 4, 2044
Eighth grant-2
9 executive officers
39,000 common shares
August 10, 2015
Within 10 days from the day following the day that a subscription holder loses his/her position as an executive officer (or if a subscription holder assumed as a director, within 10 days from the day following the day that the subscription holder loses his/ her position as a director)
No provisions
From August 11, 2015 to August 10, 2045
Ninth grant-2
9 executive officers
72,000 common shares
August 8, 2016
Within 10 days from the day following the day that a subscription holder loses his/her position as an executive officer (or if a subscription holder assumed as a director, within 10 days from the day following the day that the subscription holder loses his/ her position as a director)
No provisions
From August 9, 2016 to August 8, 2046
(2) Scale and changes in stock options
The following describes scale and changes in stock options during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. The number of stock options is converted into the number of shares.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2021:
Number of stock options
Before vested
As of March 31, 2020 ............................................................. Granted .................................................................................. Forfeited ................................................................................. Vested .................................................................................... Outstanding ............................................................................
After vested
As of March 31, 2020 ............................................................. Vested .................................................................................... Exercised ................................................................................ Forfeited ................................................................................. Outstanding ............................................................................
Before vested
As of March 31, 2020 ............................................................. Granted .................................................................................. Forfeited ................................................................................. Vested .................................................................................... Outstanding ............................................................................
After vested
As of March 31, 2020 ............................................................. Vested .................................................................................... Exercised ................................................................................ Forfeited ................................................................................. Outstanding ............................................................................
Before vested
As of March 31, 2020 ............................................................. Granted .................................................................................. Forfeited ................................................................................. Vested .................................................................................... Outstanding ............................................................................
After vested
As of March 31, 2020 ............................................................. Vested .................................................................................... Exercised ................................................................................ Forfeited ................................................................................. Outstanding ............................................................................
First grant-1
— — — — —
45,000 ——
00 45,000 55,000 00
Second grant-1
— — — — —
   Second grant-2
— — — — —
9,000 ——
9,000 32,000 0 148,000 00
55,000
 Third grant-1
— — — — —
   Fourth grant-1
— — — — —
187,000 ——
33,000 0 154,000 13,000
00
180,000
 Fourth grant-2
— — — — —
   13,000
  109
110
Notes: 1. Number of stock options means total shares to be issued upon exercise of subscription rights to shares. As of December 1, 2011, the Bank implemented a stock split with 1,000 common shares for one common share; therefore, the number of shares from First grant-1 to Fourth grant-2 was adjusted to reflect the stock split.
2. There are no outstanding subscription rights to shares as of March 31, 2021 since the Bank abolished stock options as share-based compensation and transferred to performance-based stock compensation plan on August 11, 2020.

                                               Before vested
As of March 31, 2020 ............................................................. Granted .................................................................................. Forfeited ................................................................................. Vested .................................................................................... Outstanding ............................................................................
After vested
As of March 31, 2020 ............................................................. Vested .................................................................................... Exercised ................................................................................ Forfeited ................................................................................. Outstanding ............................................................................
Before vested
As of March 31, 2020 ............................................................. Granted .................................................................................. Forfeited ................................................................................. Vested .................................................................................... Outstanding ............................................................................
After vested
As of March 31, 2020 ............................................................. Vested .................................................................................... Exercised ................................................................................ Forfeited ................................................................................. Outstanding ............................................................................
Before vested
As of March 31, 2020 ............................................................. Granted .................................................................................. Forfeited ................................................................................. Vested .................................................................................... Outstanding ............................................................................
After vested
As of March 31, 2020 ............................................................. Vested .................................................................................... Exercised ................................................................................ Forfeited ................................................................................. Outstanding ............................................................................
Before vested
As of March 31, 2020 ............................................................. Granted .................................................................................. Forfeited ................................................................................. Vested .................................................................................... Outstanding ............................................................................
After vested
As of March 31, 2020 ............................................................. Vested .................................................................................... Exercised ................................................................................ Forfeited ................................................................................. Outstanding ............................................................................
Before vested
As of March 31, 2020 ............................................................. Granted .................................................................................. Forfeited ................................................................................. Vested .................................................................................... Outstanding ............................................................................
After vested
As of March 31, 2020 ............................................................. Vested .................................................................................... Exercised ................................................................................ Forfeited ................................................................................. Outstanding ............................................................................
Ninth grant-2
— — — — —
Fifth grant-1
— — — — —
146,000 ——
25,000 0 121,000 20,000
00
Fifth grant-2
— — — — —
Ninth grant-1
— — — — —
160,000 ——
32,000 0 128,000 39,000
00
 20,000
39,000
  Sixth grant-1
— — — — —
93,000 — 19,000 74,000
Sixth grant-2
— — — — —
10,000 —
0 10,000
Note: “Forfeited” refers to granted subscription rights to shares that were unexercised and for which rights were waived on the condition that the corresponding points shall be granted based on the performance-based stock compensation plan following the abolition of stock options as share-based compensation and transfer to the performance-based stock compensation plan.
 Price information
Exercise price ............................................................................... Average stock price at exercise ....................................................
First grant-1
¥1 per share ——
Fair value at the grant date 1
.........................................................
¥236,480 per subscription right to shares
Second grant-2
¥1 per share ¥302
¥221,862 per subscription right to shares
Fourth grant-1
¥1 per share ¥302
¥127,950 per subscription right to shares
Fifth grant-1
¥1 per share ¥302
¥175,000 per subscription right to shares
Sixth grant-1
¥1 per share ¥302
¥312,000 per subscription right to shares
Seventh grant-1
¥1 per share ¥302
¥370,000 per subscription right to shares
¥221,862 per subscription right to shares
Third grant-1
¥1 per share ¥302
¥139,824 per subscription right to shares
Fourth grant-2
¥1 per share —
¥127,950 per subscription right to shares
Fifth grant-2
¥1 per share —
¥175,000 per subscription right to shares
Sixth grant-2
¥1 per share —
¥312,000 per subscription right to shares
Seventh grant-2
¥1 per share —
¥370,000 per subscription right to shares
Second grant-1
 ¥1 per share
  00
Price information
Exercise price ............................................................................... Average stock price at exercise .................................................... Fair value at the grant date 1 .........................................................
Price information
Exercise price ............................................................................... Average stock price at exercise .................................................... Fair value at the grant date 1 .........................................................
Price information
Exercise price ............................................................................... Average stock price at exercise .................................................... Fair value at the grant date 1 .........................................................
Price information
Exercise price ............................................................................... Average stock price at exercise .................................................... Fair value at the grant date 1 .........................................................
Price information
Exercise price ............................................................................... Average stock price at exercise ....................................................
  Seventh grant-1
— — — — —
81,000 — 17,000 64,000
Seventh grant-2
— — — — —
18,000 —
0 18,000
     00
  Eighth grant-1
— — — — —
58,000 — 12,000 46,000
Eighth grant-2
— — — — —
19,000 —
0 19,000
Fair value at the grant date 1
.........................................................
    00
 111
112

                                              Price information
Exercise price ............................................................................... Average stock price at exercise .................................................... Fair value at the grant date 1 .........................................................
Price information
Exercise price ............................................................................... Average stock price at exercise .................................................... Fair value at the grant date 1 .........................................................
Eighth grant-1
¥1 per share ¥302
¥537,000 per subscription right to shares
Ninth grant-1
¥1 per share ¥302
¥302,000 per subscription right to shares
Eighth grant-2
¥1 per share —
¥537,000 per subscription right to shares
Ninth grant-2
¥1 per share —
¥302,000 per subscription right to shares
32. Per Share Data
Amounts per share as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 and for the fiscal years then ended were as follows:
March 31
Net assets per share ...............................................................................................................
Years ended March 31
Net income per share ............................................................................................................. Net income per share (diluted) ................................................................................................
Yen
Yen
2020 ¥187.73
2020 ¥22.14 ¥22.11
  2021
 ¥198.40
         2021
 ¥22.01
¥22.00
     Note: The number of shares to be issued upon exercise of one subscription right to shares shall be 1,000 common shares. As of December 1, 2011, the Bank implemented a stock split with 1,000 common shares for one common share; therefore, exercise prices from First grant-1 to Fourth grant-2 were adjusted to reflect the stock split. In addition, average stock price at exercise represents the average stock price of the Bank at the time when stock options were exercised.
31. Asset Retirement Obligations
(1) Overview of asset retirement obligations
Asset retirement obligations are based upon estimated future restoration obligations pursuant to real estate lease agreements of head office and ATM installation agreements of the overseas consolidated subsidiaries.
(2) Method of calculating the amount of the asset retirement obligations
Estimated useful life: 1-18 years Discount rate: 0.4-4.7%
(3) The changes in asset retirement obligations for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
Notes: 1. Net assets per share is calculated based on the following: The Bank has introduced the BIP Trust and ESOP Trust and the Bank’s shares held by these Trusts are included in treasury stock that is deducted from the total number of shares issued at the fiscal year end when calculating net assets per share. The number of shares deducted for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 were 3,587 thousand and 798 thousand, respectively.
   2021
 ¥ 234,676
1,407
—
1,407
¥ 233,269
1,175,720
   March 31
Net assets .............................................................................................................................................. Amount excluded from net assets .......................................................................................................... Subscription rights to shares (inclusive) ............................................................................................... Non-controlling interests ...................................................................................................................... Net assets attributable to common stock at the fiscal year end ...............................................................
Number of shares of common stock at the fiscal year end used for the calculation of
net assets per share ............................................................................................................................
Millions of yen, except thousands of shares 2020
¥ 222,833 1,621 274 1,346 ¥ 221,212
1,178,330
   2. Net income per share and net income per share (diluted) are calculated based on the following: The Bank has introduced the BIP Trust and ESOP Trust and the Bank’s shares held by these Trusts are included in treasury stock that is deducted from the weighted average number of shares during the fiscal year when calculating net income per share and diluted net income per share. The weighted average number of shares deducted during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 were 2,511 thousand and 809 thousand, respectively.
 2021
 ¥ 25,905
—
¥ 25,905
1,176,755
¥—
254
254
—
    2021
 ¥785
1
4
(93)
(20)
 ¥677
     Balance at the beginning of the year ....................................................................................... Increase due to acquisition of tangible fixed assets ................................................................. Accretion expense .................................................................................................................. Obligations settled in current period ........................................................................................ Other increase (decrease) ....................................................................................................... Balance at the end of the year ................................................................................................
Millions of yen
2020
¥814 — 4
(27) (5)
¥785
Years ended March 31
Net income per share
Net income attributable to owners of the parent .................................................................................. Amount not attributable to common shareholders ............................................................................... Net income attributable to common shareholders of the parent ........................................................... Average number of shares of common stock during the year ..............................................................
Net income per share (diluted)
Adjustment for net income attributable to owners of the parent ........................................................... Increase in number of shares of common stock ..................................................................................
Subscription rights to shares (inclusive) ............................................................................................
Description of dilutive shares not included in the calculation
of net income per share (diluted) because the shares have no dilutive effects ......................................
33. Segment Information
(1) Overview of reportable segments
Millions of yen, except thousands of shares 2020
¥ 26,162 — ¥ 26,162 1,181,606
¥— 1,167 1,167
—
     113
114
The Group’s reportable segments are units of the Group for which discrete financial information is available and are subject to the periodical review by the Board of Directors, which is the decision maker of the allocation of management resources and assess performances. The Group has two reportable segments: “Domestic business segment” and “Overseas business segment.” Domestic business segment consists of banking services focusing on ATM platform business in Japan while Overseas business segment consists of ATM services engaged primarily in the U.S and Indonesia.
(2) Calculation method for ordinary income, segment profit or loss, assets, liabilities and other material items by reportable segment
Accounting treatment for reportable segments is consistent with those described in “2. Significant Accounting Policies.” Segment profit is based on ordinary profit.
Ordinary income from internal transactions is based on transaction prices between third parties.

                                              (3) Information on ordinary income, segment profit or loss, assets and other items is as follows:
(2) Information by geographical area
(a) Ordinary income
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021
Japan U.S.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
Japan U.S.
¥120,709 ¥27,700
Year ended March 31, 2021
Ordinary income: External customers Internal transactions
Total
Segment profit Segment assets Other:
Depreciation
Interest income
Interest expenses
Equity in losses of affiliates
Investments in equity-method affiliates Increase in tangible
and intangible fixed assets
Domestic
Reportable segment
Overseas
Millions of yen
Total
Adjustments
Consolidated
  Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Other
Other
¥142
Total
Total
¥148,553
      ¥ 112,792
¥24,653
¥ 137,446
¥ (178)
¥ 137,267
15
 —
 15
 (15)
 —
 ¥ 112,808
 ¥24,653
 ¥ 137,461
 ¥ (194)
 ¥ 137,267
 ¥ 33,751
¥ 1,836
¥ 35,588
¥ 52
¥ 35,640
 ¥1,198,326
 ¥14,005
 ¥1,212,332
 ¥(15,173)
 ¥1,197,158
     ¥ 13,120
¥ 950
¥ 14,070
¥—
¥ 14,070
3,606
16
3,623
(13)
3,609
524
28
553
(13)
539
(796)
—
(796)
—
(796)
1,703
—
1,703
—
1,703
24,467
 664
 25,132
 —
 25,132
    ¥112,610
  ¥24,234
  ¥421
  ¥137,267
         Notes: 1. Ordinary income is stated in lieu of sales of general enterprises.
2. Ordinary income is classified into countries or regions based on the location of the Group’s regional headquarters.
(b) Tangible fixed assets
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021
The amount of tangible fixed assets located in Japan exceeds 90% of that on the consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2021; therefore, geographical information is omitted.
 Notes: 1. Ordinary income is stated in lieu of sales of general enterprises. 2. Adjustments are mainly elimination of internal transactions.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
Japan U.S.
¥11,745 ¥2,201
(3) Information by major customer
Year ended March 31, 2020
Ordinary income: External customers Internal transactions
Total
Segment profit (loss)
Segment assets
Other: Depreciation
Interest income
Interest expenses
Equity in losses of affiliates
Investments in equity-method affiliates Increase in tangible
and intangible fixed assets
Millions of yen
Total
¥ 148,707 26
¥ 148,733
¥ 39,906
¥1,100,567
¥ 14,634 3,579 700
(4,770) 2,000
16,694
ATM related business
Millions of yen
    Domestic
¥ 120,864 26
¥ 120,890
¥ 39,920
¥1,090,637
¥ 13,669 3,575 670
(4,770) 2,000
16,570
Reportable segment
Overseas
¥27,843 —
¥27,843
¥ (14)
¥ 9,930
¥ 965 3 30 — —
124
Adjustments Consolidated
Other
¥38
Total
¥13,985
       Notes: 1. Ordinary income is stated in lieu of sales of general enterprises. 2. Adjustments are mainly elimination of internal transactions.
Related Information
(1) Information by service
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021
March 31, 2021
Securities with higher balances than acquisition costs
Ordinary income attributable to external customers
Note: Ordinary income is stated in lieu of sales of general enterprises.
¥ (154) (26)
¥ (180)
¥ (69)
¥(14,682)
¥— (10) (26)
— —
—
Millions of yen
Other
¥ 148,553 —
¥ 148,553
¥ 39,836
¥1,085,885
¥ 14,634 3,569 674
(4,770) 2,000
16,694
Total
Disclosure is omitted because there were no specific customers whose ordinary income accounts for 10% or more of ordinary income in the consolidated statements of income for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020.
Information on impairment losses on fixed assets for each reportable segment
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021
None
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 None
Information on amortization of goodwill and its remaining balance for each reportable segment
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021
None
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 None
34. Significant Subsequent Events
None
   ¥123,501
  ¥13,765
  ¥137,267
   115
116
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
The amount of ordinary income attributable to external customers for ATM-related business exceeds 90% of that on the consolidated statements of income for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020; therefore, information by service is omitted.

                                            Independent Auditor’s Report
    117 118

                                                119 120

                                                Company Information (As of March 31, 2021) The Company
Organization Chart (As of April 1, 2021) Customers
     Company Name
Head Office
Chairman and Representative Director President and Representative Director Established
Initiated Operations Common Stock
Number of Shares Issued
Seven Bank, Ltd.
1-6-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, 100-0005, Japan Kensuke Futagoishi
Yasuaki Funatake
April 10, 2001
May 7, 2001
30,702 million yen
1,179,308,000
Number of Employees Credit Ratings
470 (Non-consolidated, excluding officers, executive offi- cers, temporary staff and part-time employees)
[S&P] Long-term counterparty issuer rating “A +”
Outlook “positive”
Short-term counterparty issuer rating “A-1” [Rating & Investment Information, Inc. (R&I)] Issuer rating “AA” Outlook “stable”
                   Nomination & Compensation Committee
Executive Committee
 Management Committee
Chairman President
Internal Audit Division
  Board of Directors
  General Meeting of Shareholders
Audit & Supervisory Board
Audit & Supervisory Board Members’ Office
  Compliance Committee
 Consolidated subsidiaries
Company Name Head Office
Representative (title/name)
Established
Common Stock Business Description
Percentage of Voting Rights Held by the Bank
Percentage of Voting Rights Held by Subsidiaries, etc.
Company Name Head Office
Representative (title/name)
Established Common Stock Business Description
Percentage of Voting Rights Held by the Bank
Percentage of Voting Rights Held by Subsidiaries, etc.
FCTI, Inc.
Los Angeles, California, USA
CEO: Robel Gugsa
August 25, 1993
19 million U.S. dollars ATM operation business
100% —
Pito AxM Platform, Inc.
Makati, Manila Metropolitan Area, Republic of the Philippines
President and Director: Tsuneo Nagashima
April 1, 2019
547 million Philippine pesos ATM operation business
100% —
PT. ABADI TAMBAH MULIA INTERNASIONAL
Jakarta Special Capital Region, Indonesia
President Director: Jo Watabe
June 10, 2014
399,109 million Indonesian Rupiah ATM operation business
82.73% —
Seven Global Remit, Ltd.
1-6-1 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
CEO: Yasuharu Ueki
June 3, 2019 495 million yen
Money Transfer Services for Foreign Nationals
100% —
Bank Business Factory Co., Ltd.
134 Kodo-cho, Hodogaya-ku, Yokoha- ma-shi, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan
President and Representative Director: Sumito Inoue
July 1, 2014
130 million yen
Back-office support on commission
100% —
ACSiON, Ltd.
1-6-1 Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
President: Yoshiki Yasuda
July 16, 2019
300 million yen
Identity verification and fraud detection platform business
60% —
Seven Payment Services, Ltd.
1-6-1 Marunouchi, Chiyo- da-ku, Tokyo, Japan
President and Representative Director: Satoshi Wada
January 11, 2018
475 million yen
Remittance and settlement ser- vices, Bank Agency Business
100% —
Credd Finance, Ltd.
1-6-1 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
President and Representative Director: Yasuharu Ueki
January 22, 2020 490 million yen
Money Lending Services for Foreign Nationals
60% —
Sustainability Committee Investment Committee System Planning and Development Committee ALM Committee Security Committee Risk Management Committee
Status of Major Shareholders
           Name and Address of Branches and Outlets (As of March 31, 2021)
      Headquarters Branches
Location: 1-6-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, 100-0005, Japan
Location: 1-6-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, 100-0005, Japan
Each branch has been assigned a name of a flower suitable for each month. (As our bank en- gages in non-face-to-face transactions mainly through ATMs, we do not conduct over-the- counter services at these branches. We receive and handle all inquiries from customers at our Call Center).
(As of March 31, 2021)
Composition of Shareholders
      Shareholder name/title
Number of shares (Thousands of shares)
Holding (%)
   Month when Account was Opened
 Branch Name
Month when Account was Opened
  Branch Name
Month when Account was Opened
 Branch Name
   January
February
March
April
Margaret
Freesia
Pansy
Tulip
May Carnation
June Iris
July Rose
August Hibiscus
September
October
November
December
Salvia
Cosmos
Cattleya
Poinsettia
For corporate customers, we open corporate ac- counts providing services necessary for business op- erations, such as ATM tie-ups and acceptance of cash proceeds from sales. Branches offering services to corporate customers are as follows.
Name of Branches
Corporate Business Division I Corporate Business Division II Corporate Business Division III Corporate Business Division IV Corporate Business Division V
Location: 2-6-5, Yoyogi, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
Seven Global Remit, Ltd.
Location: 1-6-1 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Seven Payment Services, Ltd.
Location: 1-6-1 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Seven-Eleven Japan Co., Ltd.
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account)
Ito-Yokado Co., Ltd.
York-Benimaru Co., Ltd.
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account)
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited
STATE STREET CLIENT OMNIBUS ACCOUNT OM44
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account 5)
MUFG Bank, Ltd.
(Amounts have been truncated to the second decimal place.)
453,639
54,888
46,961
45,000
31,837
15,000
15,000
10,220
10,103
10,000
38.46
4.65
3.98
3.81
2.69
1.27
1.27
0.86
0.85
0.84
Individuals and other shareholders
18.28%
Overseas investors
11.36%
Other corporations
(As of March 31, 2021)
Financial institutions
18.83%
Securities companies
            Joint Outlets
Number of ATM installation locations and number of ATMs installed according to outlet
Seven-Eleven 21,000 22,394
Others 2,820 3,282
* Please refer to the Seven Bank Web site (https://www. sevenbank.co.jp/english/) for the latest information on ATMs.
Bank Agency
Relia, Inc.
    Number of locations
Number of ATMs
49.75% 1.78%
(Amounts have been truncated to the second decimal place.)
     Total
  23,820
  25,676
    121
122
Planning Division
Human Resources Division
General Affairs Division
Risk Management Division
Financial Crime Risk Strategy Planning and Prevention Division
ATM Platform Promotion Division ATM Operations Management Division ATM Business Support Division ATM Solution Division
Global Business Development Division Banking Management Division Digital Banking Division Customer Service Division Strategy and Development Division Seven Labo
Corporate Transformation Division

                                              History (As of March 31, 2021)
     2001
April 6
April 10
April 25 May 7
May 15
Preliminary license received
IY Bank Co., Ltd. established (common stock: 20,205 million yen)
Banking business license received
Initiated operations (began accepting applications for new accounts)
IY Bank cash card Initiated ATM services
First-generation ATM
Joined Japanese Bankers Association (full member)
Connected to Zengin system
Connected to BANCS
Initiated money transfer services
Number of ATMs installed exceeded 1,000
Began services for acceptance of cash proceeds from sales
Initiated Internet banking services
Turned profitable on a single fiscal year basis Established Customer Service Division
Initiated operation of ATM Call Center
Number of ATMs installed exceeded 10,000
Began handling time deposits for defined contribution pension plans
    May 23
June 11 June 13 June 18
July 13 December 1
December 17
March 31 July 7
April 1 April 4
  2005
 July 26
Introduction of second-generation ATMs
Second-generation ATM Company name changed to Seven Bank, Ltd.
Seven Bank IC cash card
Began operation of new accounting system Began providing time deposit service Began accepting IC cash cards
Began receiving outsourcing of ATM operation and administration
Initiated services for cards issued overseas
Started new installation of ATMs outside Seven & i Group
ATMs became capable of topping up nanaco electronic money cards
Completed installation of ATMs in Seven-Eleven and Ito-Yokado operating areas (36 prefectures at the time)
Initiated ATM services for visually impaired customers (voice-guided transactions)
Completed installation of ATMs in all 47 prefectures
Listed on the JASDAQ Securities Exchange (currently the Tokyo Stock Exchange JASDAQ Market)
Established the Financial Crime Prevention Office (now the Financial Crime Risk Strategy Planning and Prevention Division)
Initiated personal loan services Established directly managed ATM corner
 October 11
January 3 March 20 April 3
June 25 July 11
September 3 September 27
November 26
December 17 February 29
April 1
January 25 July 7
     Shinjuku Kabukicho corner (internal view)
  2010
November 29
March 22 December 1
December 26
June 27 October 6
September 27
January 8 June 10
July 1
July 31 August 6
October 1 December 16
April 18 October 17
March 27 October 1
Introduction of third-generation ATMs
Third-generation ATM
Initiated international money transfer services
Stock split
Adopted share unit number system with 100 shares per unit
Listed on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Number of Seven Bank accounts exceeded 1 million
Acquired all issued shares of Financial Consulting & Trading International, Inc. of the United States to make it a wholly owned subsidiary
U.S.-based subsidiary Financial Consulting & Trading International, Inc. acquired the ATM business of Global Axcess Corp.
Initiated Seven Bank account ATM transaction screens in nine languages
Established PT. ABADI TAMBAH MULIA INTERNASIONAL (“ATMi”), a joint venture operating ATMs in Indonesia
Established Bank Business Factory Co., Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary engaged in back-office support on commission
Number of ATMs installed exceeded 20,000
PT. ABADI TAMBAH MULIA INTERNASIONAL started operating ATM business in Indonesia
Financial Consulting & Trading International, Inc., a subsidiary in the United States, changed its name to “FCTI, Inc.”
Expansion of language options on ATM screens and slips to 12 languages, etc. when cards issued overseas are used
Established Seven Labo
Issued cash cards with a debit function
Began offering the ATM deposit/ withdrawal service via smartphones
Began real-time money transfers services
      2018
      2019
  2011
              2006
      2007
2012
        2013
  2020
    2014
                2008
      2015
  2009
      2010
      2004
  2021
2016
2005
    2017
         January 11
May 7 October 15
April 1
April 5 June 3
July 1 July 16 September 26
January 22 April 20 August 20
August 31 October 1 October 30
December 8
February 26 March 26
March 29
Established Seven Payment Service, Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary, which conducts remittance and settlement services
Seven Payment Service, Ltd. began offering ATM cash receiving services
Began handling a top-up service at ATMs for electronic money to transportation IC cards, etc.
Established Pito AxM Platform, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary in the Philippines operating ATMs
Designated five “material issues”
Established Seven Global Remit, Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary engaged in fund transfer business for foreign nationals in Japan
Established Strategy and Development Division
Established ACSiON, Ltd., a joint venture operating security services
Introduction of fourth-generation ATMs
Fourth-generation ATM
Established Credd Finance, Ltd., a joint venture engaged in money lending business for foreign nationals in Japan
Launched “My Seven Bank,” an app that enables instant account opening with a smartphone
Credd Finance, Ltd. launched Sendy Credit Card, credit-related services for foreign nationals in Japan
Began ATM services for Individual Number Card Points preregistration/application
ACSiON, Ltd. launched Detecker, a fraud detection platform
Credd Finance, Ltd. launched Sendy Personal Loan, loan services for foreign nationals in Japan according to their purposes
ACSiON, Ltd. launched proost, an online personal authentication service
Pito AxM Platform, Inc. started operating ATM business in the Philippines
Began ATM services for application to use Individual Number Card as a health insurance card
Seven Global Remit, Ltd. launched Sendy, a smartphone app for international money transfer service
   123
124

                                              Principal Data
    ATMs nationwide
(as of March 31, 2021)
25,676
Hokkaido
1,148
 Aomori 104 Akita
111
Yamagata
  Iwate
150
  207
527
Fukushima
559
Tochigi
545
 Miyagi
  Kyoto
442
Tottori
46
Okayama Hyogo
Ishikawa
147
Toyama
142
Gifu
225
Aichi
1,240
Niigata
631
Gunma
513
Saitama
1,530
Number of ATMs installed by location
(As of March 31, 2021)
22,394 (Stores with multiple ATMs installed: 1,575stores)
*At stores with a high usage volume, we are promoting multiple installations of ATMs so that customers do not have to wait to use an ATM.
Other Seven & i Group stores 654
609 77 63 410
*The number of ATMs installed at Seven-Eleven stores in facilities outside the Group is included in the num- ber of ATMs in Seven-Eleven stores.
              Yamaguchi
368
Oita
196
Hiroshima
620
825
1,674
Fukui
74
Shiga
256
Mie
184
Nagano
496
Yamanashi
215
Shizuoka
1,021
Ibaraki
764
Shimane
62
Seven-Eleven stores
         Saga
200
Nagasaki
213
Kagoshima
209
Fukuoka
1,211
Ehime
128
336
Kagawa
109
Tokushima
85
Osaka Nara
Chiba
1,509 Tokyo 3,918
Kanagawa 1,732
       Kumamoto
Kochi
43
Commercial facilities outside the Group
Office buildings 110
165
Wakayama
94
1,359
    398
    Miyazaki
207
Railway stations
Highway rest areas
Airports
Other locations (financial institutions, etc.)
    Okinawa 97
    125
126

                                               Principal Data
Partner Deposit-taking Financial Institutions (as of May 31, 2021) Banks by location of head office
Hokkaido/Tohoku region
Kanto region
Kinki region
Chugoku/Shikoku region
Kyushu/Okinawa region
Overseas banks
Shinkin banks Credit cooperatives Labor banks JA Bank JF Marine Bank Shoko Chukin Bank
Credit card companies, credit companies, consumer finance companies, business loan providers, operating companies
Electronic money
                 Chubu region
Financial Institutions, Etc. (as of May 31, 2021) Securities companies
Life insurance companies
Alliance Network (as of May 31, 2021) Cards issued overseas (international brands)
                                                   127
128
*There are some cards that have the same marks but cannot be accepted at our ATMs.
*These are the logos of some of the services provided.

                                              Principal Data
Financial Highlights
(Fiscal Year)
    2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
490 543 576 619 634 654 657 713
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
             137,267
101,626
35,640
25,737
14,070
49,710
 1,197,158
783,408
962,482
234,676
 22.01
11.00
49.9
 36.2
11.3
19.4
11.3
 136,039
(32,770)
(13,555)
 25,504
9,228
14,367
   809
  Amounts less than one unit have been truncated.
Non-consolidated
88,830 83,964 58,422 56,514 30,407 27,449 17,953 16,008 12,846 11,603 43,253 39,052
502,782 600,061 219,008 333,382 392,843 485,522 109,939 114,539
14.71 13.19 5.20 5.20 35.3 39.3
48.6 46.5 16.1 13.2 21.8 19.0 12.7 12.6
30,527 125,487 (10,518) (23,140) (6,405) (11,526)
9,958 11,824 1,942 2,908 7,115 8,053
329 328
Consolidated
88,318 94,965 58,761 63,094 29,557 31,871 17,267 19,377 12,355 14,001 41,912 45,872
652,956 812,531 372,271 394,615 527,326 674,486 125,629 138,045
14.49 16.27 6.20 6.75 42.7 41.4
47.4 48.2 13.5 14.7 19.2 16.9 12.3 18.7
1,401 118,550 (11,703) (6,927) (6,192) (8,157)
12,205 21,918
  Items on the State- ment of Income:
Items on the Balance Sheet:
Per share data*4:
Management indicators:
Cash flow:
Capital investments:
Number of employees:
Ordinary income
Ordinary expenses
Ordinary profit
Net income*1
Depreciation and amortization*2 EBITDA*2
Total assets Deposits*3
Total liabilities Total net assets
EPS (Earnings per share) DPS (Dividend per share) Payout ratio
EBITDA margin*5
ROE (Return on equity)*6 Capital adequacy ratio*7
PER (Price-to-earnings ratio)
Cash flow from operating activities Cash flow from investing activities Cash flow from financing activities
Capital investment amounts
For domestic business ATMs For domestic business software
Number of employees (excluding part-time workers)
(Millions of yen) (Millions of yen) (Millions of yen) (Millions of yen) (Millions of yen) (Millions of yen)
(Millions of yen) (Millions of yen) (Millions of yen) (Millions of yen)
(Yen) (Yen) (%)
(%) (%) (%)
(Times)
(Millions of yen) (Millions of yen) (Millions of yen)
(Millions of yen) (Millions of yen) (Millions of yen)
(Persons)
105,587 69,801 35,786 21,236 12,493 48,279
790,377 438,348 636,968 153,408
17.83 7.50 42.0
45.7 14.6 19.3 22.7
91,940 (50,668) (8,333)
114,036 119,939 76,997 82,772 37,038 37,167 23,220 24,716 16,251 18,779 53,289 55,946
856,415 915,385 502,285 547,865 686,525 730,590 169,890 184,794
19.49 20.75 8.00 8.50 41.0 40.9
46.7 46.6 14.4 13.9 19.7 20.1 30.4 23.1
99,931 66,482 4,994 (11,634)
(9,204) (9,826)
121,608 84,897 36,710 25,114 18,766 55,477
957,792 572,353 758,710 199,081
21.07 9.00 42.6
45.6 13.1 20.7 17.2
88,118 (28,818) (10,446)
127,656 89,350 38,305 25,301 17,102 55,408
1,022,485 623,581 810,458 212,027
21.24 10.00 47.0
43.4 12.3 20.6 15.9
31,466 (3,649) (11,729)
147,288 106,574 40,714 13,236 17,529 58,244
1,141,926 679,474 929,036 212,890
11.11 11.00 99.0
39.5 6.2 18.6 6.2
117,471 (34,882) (12,246)
10,792 1,986 7,589
148,553 108,716 39,836 26,162 14,634 54,471
1,085,885 684,560 863,051 222,833
22.14 11.00 49.6
36.6 12.0 20.3 11.9
89,619 (5,801) (16,009)
16,694 3,556 11,567
                                                                      7,244 4,303
13,044 7,118
24,054 19,037 17,216 14,213 11,900 13,858 10,698 8,885 4,052 1,673 7,933 7,122 7,550 8,756 9,863
*5. EBITDA margin = EBITDA/ordinary income
*6. ROE = net income/average equity balance
*7. Capital adequacy ratio = (year-end total net assets – year-end subscription rights to
 409
 *1. Refers to net income attributable to owners of the parent in and after fiscal 2012.
*2. Depreciation and amortization (excluding goodwill). EBITDA = Ordinary profit + Depreciation and amortization
*3. Including negotiable certificates of deposits
*4. On December 1, 2011, Seven Bank conducted a 1,000-for-1 stock split. Per share data before fiscal 2010 reflect the stock split.
shares – year-end non-controlling interests) / year-end total as- sets. The “Capital adequacy ratio” does not refer to the capital ratio that is prescribed in the “Notices on the Capital Ratio Requirements.”
Consolidated
Ordinary Income
160,000
120,000
80,000
(Millions of yen)
137,267
Net Income Attributable to Owners of the Parent
(Millions of yen)
25,737
EBITDA*2 (Millions of yen) Payout Ratio 75,000 100.0
(%)
147,288
148,553
30,000
20,000
10,000
26,162
99.0
       127,656
25,301
58,244
    55,408
54,471
80.0 60.0
40.0
      50,000
25,000
49,710
    13,236
47.0
49.6
49.9
     40,000 0000
 20.0
     129
130
2017 2018 2019 2020
(Fiscal Year)
2017 2018 2019 2020
(Fiscal Year)
2017 2018 2019 2020
(Fiscal Year)
2017 2018 2019 2020
(Fiscal Year)

                                              Principal Data
Growth Trajectory of Seven Bank’s ATM
Number of ATMs installed as of March 31
(Units)
25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000 0
Growth Trajectory of Seven Bank’s Accounts (individuals)
  23,368 24,392 25,152 25,215 25,676
15,363 16,632 500
2,364
519.0 135.7
2,500 2,000
1,500 1,000 500
0
Growth in Total Balance and Number of Accounts (individuals) as of March 31
Amounts less than one unit have been truncated.
(Balance: billion yen) 625
■Outstanding balance of ordinary deposits ●Number of individual accounts
(Number of accounts: Thousand accounts)
      22,472 21,056
■Balance of time deposits
2,179 1,827 458.6
   18,123 19,514
11,484 375
2,001 1,690 434.6
      13,803 14,601
5,250 250
1,562
1,405
409.5
396.8 134.0
      9,981
1,214 312.1
389.7
141.2 140.4
383.2
12,088 13,032
       7,804 3,657
1,066
371.0 177.3 180.6
190.4 212.4
151.6
    885 971
    688
775
219.2 251.2 153.1 212.3 93.7 107.3
 (Number of transactions: millions)
900
600
300
24.9 0 14
796 815 829 849 836 150
580
72.1
52.0 14.1 25.6
294.2 324.5
  2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 125 *1*1 0
331 466
113.6 129.5 108.3
245.2 268.2
 225
63 108 163
92.4
37.2
41.7
87.7 104.0 125.5 143.9 158.9
 Number of ATM transactions per Fiscal Year
and Daily Average Transactions per ATM
40.0 2.357.9 66.8 76.3 5.1 14.6 29.8 49.7
Amounts less than one unit have been truncated. (Transactions/ATM/Day)
2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010
2011 2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017 2018 2019 2020
2021
 ■Number of transactions
●Daily average transactions per ATM
736 743
782
Financial Highlights
Changes in Profit/Loss (non-consolidated)
           Number of ATMs Installed by Location
Seven-Eleven 22,394 (Stores with multiple units installed: 1,575)
Ito-Yokado 254
York-Benimaru 236
York Mart 95
Seibu 12
Sogo 9
LOFT 5
Akachan Honpo 3
Denny’s 1
Headquarters, Directly
managed ATM corner, etc. 39
(as of March 31, 2021: 25,676 units)
Number of ATM Transactions by Service*1
88.2 342
555
590 609
655 698
95.5
94.1 92.3
92.1 90.5
100
50
97.8 418
109.0 114.3 114.4 112.3 112.6 111.1 1
8 1
9 98.8
Amounts less than one unit have been truncated.
07.
  46.8 72
150 125 100
75 50
●Total income
●Ordinary expenses
●Ordinary profit
●Net income
76.6 67.5
257 158
498
(Billions of yen)
   Money transfer: 1.5% Deposit: 36.4%
The average deposit per transaction: 41 thousand yen
29.1
34.5
27.6
15.8
00.
     64.6
105.6 110.4
113.1 116.6 119.5 120.2 111.6
  0 (Fiscal Year)
Breakdown (excluding Seven Bank)
Withdrawal:
61.9%
The average withdrawal per transaction: 40 thousand yen
83.6 89.8 88.8
59.0 61.0 58.4
24.6 28.7 30.4
17.9
2007 2008 2009
83.9 88.3
56.5 58.7
27.4 29.5
16.0 17.2
2010 2011
94.1 99.8
62.0 62.6
32.0 37.1
19.5 22.3
2012 2013
 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
75.4
47.9 50.4
37.8 45.2 25.0
67.3 71.4 74.1 74.3
38.2 39.0 38.9 42.2
76.5 75.2 77.0
43.0 45.0
   Within Seven & i Group
Total 23,048
 Outside the Group
Total 2,628
  25 14.0 19.7 26.0
5.0 10.8
1.9 11.5 10.0 0 -12.1 -8.1 3.0
-12.1 -8.1
-25 2001 2002 2003 2004
19.4
26.1 26.8 29.1
  Commercial facilities
Office buildings
Railway stations
Highway rest areas
1,359
110
609
77
13.8 16.9
24.4
 10.5 12.6
2005 2006
14.5
    Fiscal 2020
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (Fiscal Year)
  Number of ATM Transactions by Business Category*1 Breakdown
        Airports 63
Others (financial 410 institutions, etc.)
Seven Bank: 3.8% Other financial
institutions, etc.*3:
21.1%
Deposit-taking financial institutions*2:
74.9%
     Fiscal 2020
  131
*1. Number of transactions: Total number of deposits, withdrawals and money transfers. Balance inquiry, electronic money charge/balance confirmation, PIN number change, usage limit change, and Individual Number Card Points preregistration/application are not included.
*2. Deposit-taking financial institutions: Banks (excluding Seven Bank), Shinkin banks, credit cooperatives, labor banks, the JA Bank, the JF Marine Bank, the Shoko Chukin Bank.
*3. Other financial institutions, etc.: securities companies, life insurance companies, credit card companies, consumer finance companies, business loan providers, operating companies, cards issued overseas.
132
(Amounts have been truncated to the second decimal place.)
