  Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth Create a Lifestyle Through New Financial Services
As society changes and technology evolves, customer values and lifestyles are also becom- ing more diverse, and there is a need for financial services which are more close-by and con- venient. Seven Bank is aiming for innovation in financial services unrestricted by convention.
The First ATM that Supports the Individual Number Card!
Partnering with Regional Electronic Currencies
 Start of ATM Partnership with Setagaya Pay
  Contribute to Regional Revitalization via Easy Top-up
Seven Bank has started an ATM partnership with Setagaya Pay*, a digital gift certificate and regional currency issued and operated by the Setagaya Federa- tion of Shopping Centers Promotion Association, and Seven Bank ATMs have been able to be used to top up Setagaya Pay accounts since February 2021.
Money topped up to Setagaya Pay accounts can be used at over 400 businesses in Setagaya, including restaurants and stores (as well as a portion of 7-Eleven
×
stores in Setagaya).
This marks Seven Bank’s third partnership with a
virtual regional currency following SARUBOBO COIN and AQUACOIN.
*This partnership is conducted as a three party initiative together with the MoneyEasy Setagaya Pay platform provider finnovalley co., Ltd.
  Image of ATM screen
Unique Account Services
Seven Bank provides account services that can be used according to the customer’s lifestyle—at Seven Bank ATMs or with a personal computer or smartphone. We will create new customer experiences by providing new styles of products and services suited to individual customers, aiming for more convenient accounts and financial services that are easy for everyone to use.
  41
42
Applications for Individual Number Card Points
“My Seven Bank” App
The My Seven Bank app was launched in April 2020. The app provides convenient financial services that are easy for anyone to use. For example, applying to open a new account through the app can be completed in as little as 10 minutes.*1 The app can also be used to de- posit and withdraw money at Seven Bank ATMs and make use of personal loan services*2 even before a new account’s cash card arrives. In addition, the My Seven Bank app can be used for deposit and withdrawal inqui- ries, checking nanaco*3 electronic money balance and points, confirming debit service usage details, and per- sonal loan service applications, as well as linking a “Small Change Investment App TORANOKO”*4 account and checking and topping off the investment balance.
Seven Bank will continue to create new financial ser- vices suited to individual customers for a better version of customers’ daily life.
 As part of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communi- cations’ Individual Number Card Points program, Seven Bank was selected as a private business to provide machines supporting applications for the program. Since August 2020, people have been able to apply for Individual Number Card Points using Seven Bank ATMs nationwide.
An Individual Number Card and device equipped with card reader capabilities (such as a smartphone or a personal computer and electronic card reader) are needed in order to apply for Individual Number Card Points. Seven Bank ATMs, however, are equipped to read Individual Number Cards, and have proven to be popular because they can be easily used even by people who have difficulty using a smartphone or personal computer to apply.
After opening the account application screen from the My Seven Bank app, the customer enters the re- quired items, then completes the personal authentica- tion process by using the smartphone’s camera to photograph and send personal identification documents and a picture of his or her face.
Creating an account via My Seven Bank app
 *For more information about the Individual Number Card Points program, please see the program website. Individual Number Card Points program: https://mynumbercard.point.soumu.go.jp/doc/en_leaflet.pdf
Applications to Use an Individual Number Card as a Health Insurance Card
 An application is required in order to use an Individual Number Card as a health insurance card.
Since March 2021, Seven Bank ATMs have been able to be used to make the required application.
All a user needs to do is to press the “マイナンバーカ ードでの手続き”(Individual Number Card procedures) on the ATM screen and follow the provided on-screen instructions. The application can be completed by entering one’s four-digit Individual Number Card PIN.