 Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth Create a Society Where Everyone Can Be Active
In order to realize a society in which no one is left behind, we must create an environment in which diverse people can flourish. In addition, in order to realize sustainable corporate growth, improved productivity through the enhancement of employee capabilities, the active participation of diverse human resources, and the creation of workplaces suited to flexible working styles are essential. Seven Bank is engaging in a variety of initiatives in order to achieve fulfilling lifestyles as well as the continuous development of society.
Toward a Society to Leave No One Behind
Creating Workplaces Where Diverse Human
Resources Can Flourish
2021 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations “White 500” Recognition
   Voice Guidance Service
We provide a voice guidance service so that visually impaired customers can access our ATMs with peace of mind even when on their own. Using this service, customers can make deposits, withdraw money, or check their balance by operating an ATM in accor- dance with voice guidance provided over the built-in
*Voice guidance is supported for transactions with more than 500 of Seven Bank’s partner financial institutions.
Services for Cards Issued Overseas
We have heard from many persons who have come to Japan for tourism and other reasons that it is difficult to obtain Japanese yen after entering the country.
We provide a service at all Seven Bank ATMs which makes it possible to withdraw Japanese yen using cash and credit cards issued overseas.
Our ATMs can also be used in 12 languages (Japa- nese, English, Chinese [simplified], Chinese [traditional],
Non-Japanese Residents with Accounts
Seven & i Holdings was recognized in the 2021 Certi- fied Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations “White 500” announced by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry in March 2021.
The 2021 Certified Health & Productivity Manage- ment Outstanding Organizations “White 500” is a system operated by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry which recognizes outstanding companies implementing health and productivity management based on initiatives in line with regional health issues
and health promotion initiatives promoted by the Nippon Kenko Kaigi.
As a member of the Seven & i Group, Seven Bank will continue to strengthen initiatives which contribute to community life and the healthy
growth and development of
society, and aim to be a compa-
ny which is trusted by and
continues to be needed by its
employees and all members of society.
  interphone.* This service is available through all of the more than 25,000 Seven Bank ATMs nationwide.
Interphone (telephone) location
Location on new ATMs
Location on early model ATMs
Korean, Thai, Malaysian, Indonesian, Vietnamese, French, German, and Portuguese). Seven Bank helps to make it possible for
people from around the
world to have an enjoy-
able time in Japan.
Image of ATM screen
Promoting an Action Plan for Participation by Women
We have formulated and are promoting an action plan to enable women to demonstrate their capabilities and develop their careers.
1. Plan period : April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2022
  2. Targets 3. Content
: (1) Women comprising at least 40% of new hires. (2) A paid leave utilization rate of at least 70%.
: To gradually improve the ratio of women
employees among full-time employees, Seven
Bank will conduct unbiased employee hiring;
Seven Bank will also create an environment
which enables the realization of favorable
work-life balance and prevents employee turnover due to life stage changes (such as marriage, childbirth, childcare, and nursing care), increasing the medium- to long-term employee retention.
 Data on Diversity
Data on employees and employment (as of March 31, 2021)
  Male
Female
Total
Numbers of employees promoted to regular employees under Regular Employee Promotion System
5 In order to help non-Japanese persons living in Japan to use Seven Bank ATMs with peace of mind, Seven Bank ATM account deposit, withdrawal, and interna- tional money transfer screens are available in nine languages (Japanese, English, Tagalog, Chinese, Portuguese, Spanish, Vietnamese, Indonesian, and Thai). In the event something is unclear with regards to
a Seven Bank account, support is provided by a Contact Center available in the aforementioned nine languages as well as the
Myanmar language.
*1. Excluding officers, executive officers, employees seconded from the Bank to external companies, part-time employees and temporary staff; and including employees seconded from external companies to the Bank.
*2. Number of part-time employees: Average number of workers per month assuming eight work hours a day
*3. Ratio of female managers excludes those seconded from the Bank to Seven & i Group companies and those seconded to the Bank from companies outside
the Group but includes those seconded to the Bank from Group companies.
*4. Ratio of employment of persons with disabilities as of April 1, 2021
Data on employees and employment (Fiscal 2020)  Male Female
TotalMobile ATM Service Dispatched after Disasters
In case of a large-scale disaster or other event resulting in 7-Eleven stores being damaged and their ATMs becoming unable to be used, we maintain two mobile ATM trucks. After the Great East Japan Earthquake, these trucks traveled around Miyagi Prefecture, sup- porting post-disaster recovery in the region.
Image of ATM screen
  43
44
*5. Number of employees who took childcare leave in fiscal 2020
*6. Occupational accident frequency rate = (Number of occupational accidents occurred/Cumulative work hours) × 1,000,000 *7. Occupational accident severity rate = (Lost work days due to an accident/Cumulative work hours) × 1,000
*8. Number of employees who used the system due to childcare or nursing care
                                              Value Creation—Foundation for Sustainable Growth
 Create a Society Where Everyone Can Be Active
Creating Opportunities Enabling Employees to Demonstrate Their Capabilities
Revising the personnel system
 Seven Future Meetings
We began holding Seven Future Meetings, in which the President and young employees engage in a free and open discussion, in October 2020.
The purpose of the meetings is for young employees to see any and all company issues as their own, and in turn feel a sense of responsibility and meaning in their work. The meetings are also opportunities for the President to directly contact with young employees, incorporate and
reflect their opinions in the corporate management.
To date, 24 meetings have been held with around 130 participants. Each meeting, around four young employees and the President engage in a discussion online. Also serving as a space where young employees can interact with each other, the meetings additionally help to stimulate communication.
  Periodic employee engagement surveys
Revising the personnel system
In order to enable each and every employee to be motivated in their work, we revised our entire personnel system, including redefining the roles of employees at all levels, and revising our evaluation system so that it focuses more on individual growth.
Team management training
Aiming to strengthen organizational capabilities in new environments in accordance with changes in working styles and society accelerated by the pandemic, we conducted management training primarily for on-site managers over a five-month period on the during- and post-COVID-19 age.
Support for autonomous employee career development
Workstyle Reform Initiatives
Aiming to increase the efficiency of internal common work and improve work environments so as to enable employees to focus on their primary missions, in 2018, we began working to reform workstyles, launching the Seven Work Design Project team.
With regards to work tasks, we strove to optimize work procedures, reform internal office automation, pro- mote a paperless office and reduce in-person meetings to improve employee productivity. At the same time, with regards to office environments, we took measures
*CX: An abbreviation for “corporate transformation”
such as promoting non-fixed offices, enhancing internal communication tools and other infrastructure, and loan- ing smartphones to all employees, establishing an envi- ronment which enables flexible working styles.
In response to the changing environment, the mis- sion of workstyle reform so that employees and the company can realize sustainable growth has been taken over by the CX* Project Team from this fiscal year. The coordinated reformation of our business model and workstyles will lead to further corporate transformation.
Employee and organizational capabilities
 Team management training
Support for autonomous employee career development
To encourage the independent career development of ambitious employees, we introduced an internal recruit- ment system to match organizations with the careers desired by individual employees. In addition, we also revised our rules on side jobs in order to expand opportunities to flourish outside of the company.
Periodic employee engagement surveys
We conduct periodic employee engagement surveys. By accurately gauging and analyzing the state of workplaces and organizations as seen from the stand- points of employees, we aim to implement timely and appropriate policies and also realize the creation of workplaces that are worthwhile and easy to work in.
       Promoting Work from Home during the COVID-19 Pandemic
We implemented the following measures in response to the environmental changes brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic:
- Adopted a work from home system, originally only available to a portion of employees, for all employees - Expanded a system for moving work start and end times forward or back (staggered working hours)
- Created a network environment for work from home - Introduced an online meeting system
45
46