Social Contribution Activities
As a corporate citizen moving forward together with society, Seven Bank proactively en- gages in social contribution activities in close communication with society.
For Future Generations
Cosponsoring “Mori no Senshi Bonolon”
Forest Conservation Activities
Employees of the entire Seven & i Group proactively volunteer in various activities, including environmental activities carried out by the Bank, to contribute to the preservation of the earth’s environment and to local communities.
In 2020, activities were suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Each year, however, we engage in a variety of initiatives, including participation in forest preservation activities through the Seven Forest project in cooperation with the Seven-Eleven Memorial Foun- dation, community cleanup activities, and food dona- tions to food banks. These activities help raise the environmental awareness of every employee.
A Society Where Everyone Can Be Active
Audible Traffic Signals for the Visually Impaired
   Through being read picture books, children ask ques- tions such as “why?” and “how?” Such questions are said to nurture children’s sensibilities, cultivate their thinking skills, and foster sociability.
“Mori no Senshi (Guardian of the Forest) Bonolon” is a picture book series which is published for free for the children of today who will be our future, and in order to engender parent-child communication through picture books. Endorsing this mindset, Seven Bank has sup- ported “Mori no Senshi Bonolon” for over 15 years, since 2005, and in December 2021, “Mori no Senshi Bonolon” will celebrate its 100th issue.
Some 800 thousand copies of “Mori no Senshi Bonolon” are published every even month and distrib- uted at Seven Bank Headquarters, 7-Eleven stores across the country, and other group businesses. Large-sized versions are also created for reading aloud to children, and we also engage in initiatives which support reading out loud activities.
Bonolon Drawing Contest
Each year, we hold a Bonolon drawing contest, treasur- ing communication with readers.
In fiscal 2020, we invited children to submit draw- ings based on the theme of “Bonolon and green nature.” Out of around 1,300 submissions, seven were awarded prizes, including a first prize award.
Participation in Kids Festa
We exhibited at the 2020 fall Kids Festa sponsored by the National Institution For Youth Education. Around 80 parents and children came to the Seven Bank section, and we held an event in which Seven Bank employees read a large-sized Bonolon book aloud, as well as a Bonolon exercise event. Together with Bonolon, parents and children
spent a fun time com- municating with each other.
©COAMIX, ©Together with Bonolon, 2007
Presentation of Donations to Nippon Broad- casting System’s “Radio Charity Musicthon” Seven Bank ATMs provide a voice guidance service so that visually impaired customers can access our ATMs. (See page 43 for details.)
As a means of spreading awareness and utilization of this service, we cooperated with Nippon Broadcast- ing System’s “Radio Charity Musicthon,” a charity which collects funds to install audible traffic signals enabling visually impaired persons to walk streets with peace of mind. We collected funds through a variety of means, including click donations (in which one click on our website resulted in a donation of ¥1), and voice guidance system usage donations (in which usage of the service resulted in a donation of ¥100), as well as donations directly from customers with Seven Bank accounts.
As a result, we presented ¥646,981 in donations to the “46th Radio Charity Musicthon.”
President Yasuaki Funatake with a letter of thanks (left) and Nippon Broadcasting System President Maki Hiwara (right)
        Support Activities for Disaster Victims and Disaster-Afflicted Areas
  51
52
Seven Bank solicits donations to support victims of disasters such as earthquakes and typhoons. The Seven Bank website has a dedicated page that ac- cepts donations from Seven Bank account holders and employees. As a Groupwide initiative, Seven Bank is
continuing activities to support victims’ lives and the restoration of disaster-afflicted areas.