     Management Approach
Forests absorb CO2 which contributes to global warming, and are an important social infrastructure for preserving biodiversity. Based on the thought that preserving this infrastructure is one of our corporate social responsibilities, we promote “Green (Green initiative)” as one part of Sumitomo Rubber Group CSR Activity Guidelines through ongoing tree planting activities in and around our operation bases within Japan and overseas.
In fiscal 2009, we launched the “Million Trees for Local Forests Project” to plant one million trees on and around our facilities around the world in 20 years. We have kept well ahead of our initial 20-year target, reaching a total of 1.78 million trees planted as of fiscal 2018. We will continue to plant trees as well as putting effort in forest maintenance.
Progress of the Million Trees for Local Forests Project
(Cumulative Number of Trees Planted)
(10 thousands of trees)
200
150
100
50
Initial target
Overseas branch
Mangrove (Green Project)
Other tree-planting activities in Japan Acorn Project in Japan
0
                2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2029 (FY)
39 Sumitomo Rubber Group Report 2019
 Forestation Activities to Help Curb Global Warming and Connect with Local Communities
“Sumitomo Rubber GENKI Forest,” a green initiative in Japan
In addition to the grounds of our facilities, we engage in forestation activities in the surrounding area and at the 11 locations (23ha) in Japan designated as “Sumitomo Rubber GENKI Forest.”
When planting trees, one has to be aware of the negative effect non-native species can have on local ecosystem. As such we only plant seedlings grown using acorn seeds that employees and their families gather in the target area. Our continued efforts are aimed at increasing the amount of greenery around us while protecting biodiversity.
While the number of trees planted has been decreasing as the area available for planting is getting smaller, 770 acorn seedlings were planted in “Sumitomo Rubber GENKI Forest” in fiscal 2018.
Team ENASAVE Future
Project, Protecting
Culture and Nature
With the goal of protecting
Japan’s vanishing cultural assets and natural environment, in fiscal 2013 the Group launched the Team ENASAVE Future Project in cooperation with the National Federation of UNESCO Associations in Japan (NFUAJ).
As a part of this project, in fiscal 2018, we held activities at eight locations around Japan, with the help of employees, their families, and local associations. Together with volunteers from the public as well as radio listeners, these events have seen 535 people participate in total.
Preserving Biodiversity
Creation of Regional Biotopes by Hand
The Group is carrying out creation of biotopes within its business bases so that a wide variety of organisms living in these areas may be able to build natural ecosystems unique to such areas.
Five biotopes are now established in total: the Shirakawa Factory “Shirakawa no Izumi,” the Nagoya Factory “Koromo no Izumi,” the Kobe Head Office “Soso no Izumi,” the Miyazaki Factory “Kirishima no Izumi,” and the Ichijima Factory biotope.
The biotopes in those regions were created by the hands of employees on their days off. With the cooperation of local residents, we preserve, nurture and return endemic plants and aquatic life to local areas.
Team ENASAVE Future Project
  Shiraoi Town, Hokkaido
Let’s protect the Uyoro River basin environment!
Niigata City, Niigata Prefecture
Let’s protect the forests and history of the Niitsu Hills!
Echizen City, Fukui Prefecture
Let’s bring the Oriental storks back to Echizen!
Fukuoka City, Fukuoka Prefecture
Let’s protect nature at Wajiro Tidal Flat!
  Ichinoseki City, Iwate Prefecture Let’s restore the Kubo River basin ecosystem!
Tachikawa City, Tokyo
Let’s protect the nature of Tama aqueduct!
Kainan City, Wakayama Prefecture
Let’s revitalize biodiversity in Mokofudodani!
   Maintenance work after tree planting is also important for forestation. Weed cutting, removal of vines, removal of unnecessary trees, pruning and thinning work are carried out.
In addition, 8,245 acorn seedlings were given away to organizations and local residents who are engaged in the green initiative and so wish.
Weed cutting in a “Sumitomo Rubber GENKI Forest” in Tamba-Sasayama City, Hyogo Prefecture
Giving away acorn seedlings
Greening Activities Overseas
We are promoting greening activities at overseas factories and sales companies. We planted a total of 27,792 trees in our tree-planting activities in fiscal 2018.
In addition, 22,000 trees
were planted in Indonesia
through the “Team ENASAVE
Green Project,” wherein mangrove seedlings are planted using some of the proceeds from sales of the fuel-efficient “ENASAVE” tire series. Furthermore 2,400 trees were planted through the “1 Pair for 1 Love activities,” in which some of the proceeds from the sales of rubber gloves are allocated to the DUNLOP Home Products Forest on the island of Borneo, Malaysia, in order to protect the orangutan, an endangered species.
Kobe Head Office “Soso no Izumi”
TOPICS
Preservation and Nurturing of Endangered Species
Working with Outside Parties to Protect and
Promote the Breeding of Lefua echigonia
With the biotope in the Ichijima Factory, we are working to protect and breed the Lefua echigonia, an endangered species. The monthly examination involves a detailed examination of the water quality and individuals by members of the Tamba Lefua echigonia Preservation Society, the Tamba Forest Park, which serves as the secretariat, and the professional body Suma Aqualife Park Kobe. Since last year, students in the Biology Club at Hyogo Prefectural Kaibara Senior High School also took part, and the participation of the next generation is providing an opportunity to spread the appeal of the living of the Lefua echigonia.
In the future, we will move forward with accepting requests for environmental education that targets elementary school students in Tamba City and further promote activities to protect valuable local species.
Lefua echigonia
   Mimasaka City, Okayama Prefecture
Let’s connect the Aida Ueyama terraced rice fields to the future!
    Collaborative activities with local residents andother parties in
“Sumitomo Rubber GENKI Forest”
The objectives of forestation activities include prevention of global warming by absorption of CO2, landslide prevention and biodiversity preservation, as well as to communicate with local communities through satoyama (border zone between unpopulated mountain foothills and populated flat land) conservation activities.
To achieve forest creation rooted in each community, we promote activities in
which employees, former
employees, families,
Collaborative planting of trees at neighborhood schools by the Dubai sales company
     friends, local residents and regional organizations participate.
Sidewalk cleaning activities with local residents in Toyota City, Aichi Prefecture
Donating seedlings to neighborhood elementary schools (Vietnam Factory)
“Team ENASAVE,” planting mangroves
Ichijima Factory biotope
Sumitomo Rubber Group Report 2019 40