   Management Approach
Employees achieve satisfaction by working for the Sumitomo Rubber Group, which grows as a result of its employees’ success. To continue building such a sound relationship, we believe that we have a responsibility to provide all employees with a fair and equal chance to grow through a range of benefit packages and training programs.
In February 2018, Sumitomo Rubber Industries established the “Health & Productivity Management Declaration” and strategically implement activities to maintain or improve the health of employees.
Sumitomo Rubber Group’s Basic Hiring Policy
 Diverse employment environment and human resource development
    Workplace environment conducive to job satisfaction
 In order to pursue greater happiness for all of the employees who support our growing business, as well as their families, Sumitomo Rubber Industries and our Health Insurance Association are working together to raise awareness of one’s personal responsibility to maintain one’s own health while at the same time promoting disease prevention and healthier living.
47 Sumitomo Rubber Group Report 2019
Fair evaluation and equal benefits
Fostering Human Resource Development and Making Jobs Rewarding
Fostering Human Resources
The Group conducts human resource development through combination of three components: OffJT such as group training, etc., OJT at each division, and self-study.
In order for the Company to survive as a true global player in this volatile era, employees must be able to communicate regardless of differences in culture and language and to solve problems. Therefore, we have planned grade-specific training starting from when employees are young so that they can acquire critical thinking and problem solving skills.
In addition, we have created an environment in which all staff employees can take e-learning courses as much as they want in order to support the desire of employees to learn even outside of group training.
As one effort to make jobs more rewarding, we launched “COMPAIT * Activities” and implemented company-wide in 2018, and
are promoting efforts to raise operational efficiency.
* COMPAIT (COMPAIT STAR) refers to efforts to (1) make meetings short and fulfilling (COMpact), (2) go PAperless, (3) introduce IT, and (4) STAndardize operations.
Manufacturing Education
The Group has placed a strong emphasis on education on manufacturing technology and craftsmanship in Japan and overseas. In fiscal 2018, workplace supervisors and young employees in Production Department were provided with training on manufacturing education. The same training was provided both in Japan and overseas, and a total of 1,642 employees took part in the training.
In addition, for workplace supervisor training, the focus was on content that could be put to subsequent practical use. In order to raise the level of managers, efforts are made to establish a company-wide consistent philosophy regarding roles of managers, operations, important management items for manufacturing, and other aspects, and to spread that throughout factories in not only Japan but also overseas.
Furthermore, the Skill Olympics, which began in 2009, have contributed to improvement and transfer of skills among 12 factories around the world. Some engineers from overseas factories have won the championship in the Skill Olympics in recent years, and this initiative is contributing to heightening of skills and motivation on a global scale.
Creating a Safe, Employee-Friendly Workplace
Striving to Zero Accident
With the aim of Zero danger and accident in the workplace, the Group carries out safety activities that eliminate the causes of accidents and fundamentally raise the level of safety. The Group also proactively conducts physical safety audits and visual checks on site.
As for safety, although the number of accidents during fiscal 2018 increased by 12 year on year, we successfully prevented serious accidents. Regarding accident prevention targets, the Group will not have Zero fatal accident in fiscal 2019 and will not exceed 35 accidents (half the number in fiscal 2018). We will use leading safety indicators (KPI) to ascertain the strengths and weaknesses of safety activities and will apply that information to those safety activities.
By doing so, we will move forward with efforts to create a work environment and culture in which all employees ensure safety and we will achieve zero accidents, which is a priority issue.
Promoting Health & Productivity Management
In line with the “Health & Productivity Management Declaration” set in February 2018, the company promoted to realize health & productivity management through the participation of all employees in cooperation with the Health Insurance Association, centered on the Health Management Office. As for reducing the number of days of physical sick leave, an issue of particular importance, the results of various types of health activities newly undertaken were announced, and the number of such days fell 13% over the previous fiscal year.
 Frequency of Occupational Accidents (Serious Injury Frequency Rate*)
Main efforts related to health & productivity management
Promoting early detection and early treatment
In 2018, we newly introduced a 50-year-old complete medical checkup and women’s cancer checkups with the regular medical checkups. We are moving forward with efforts to quickly detect illnesses by thoroughly adopting rechecks and precision checks and providing health guidance.
Expanding health education and events and communicating health information
We have expanded our health education and services, including conducting trial yoga and stretching classes and health promotion seminars and offering healthy dishes and breakfast at the employee cafeteria. In addition, we are raising health awareness and moving forward with improving lifestyles by introducing a new health incentive system that employs
2.0
1.5
1.0
0.5
0.0
1.83 1.20
0.36
2018 (year) Sumitomo Rubber Industries
(non-consolidated basis)
1.59 1.58
1.66 1.61 1.63 1.66
1.15
1.06 1.06 1.02
0.28
0.07 0.00 0.07
These efforts were highly rated, and we were certified under the “2019 Certified Health and Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program - White 500,” jointly promoted by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and Nippon Kenko Kaigi, in February 2019 and for three consecutive years.
2019 Certified Health and Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program - White 500
  1.00 0.94
  0.15 0.15 2012 2013
All industries
2014 2015 2016 2017
 Manufacturing industry
* Accident frequency rate: The number of deaths or injuries per 1 million working hours. Accident frequency rate = Number of deaths and injuries due to accidents / Total work hours x 1,000,000
New Efforts for All Members to Study Accident Prevention and Conduct Related Activities
As a result of fires at other companies and the Group, we have conducted accident prevention audits to determine and lessen the risk of fires at facilities since fiscal 2007.
In fiscal 2018, in addition to previous audit activities, we designated an accident prevention keyman to lead activities as a core member of the Accident Prevention Committee at each facility so that the best efforts can quickly be horizontally spread between facilities, and launched efforts to invigorate activities down to the workplace level.
In fiscal 2019, we will set KPI, evaluate activities using the radar chart, and move forward with improvements by finding weaknesses of each facility.
information and communication technology (ICT)*.
*Employees accumulate points by receiving medical checkups and taking part in health care activities, and the points can be exchanged for various healthcare-related products.
Mental healthcare
Yoga seminar at Kobe Head Office
 Training in manufacturing education (Welding)
Efforts are moving forward to improve a workplace environment that is even easier to work in, which involves various activities, including thoroughly introducing self-care, mainly stretches, and improving workplace communication using the results of group analysis.
Eliminating smoking
We are promoting efforts to reduce the percentage of employees who smoke by covering the cost of outpatient smoking cessation services, introducing no-smoking time and halting cigarette sales, and to prevent second-hand smoke by eliminating smoking areas in buildings.
Efforts to prevent overwork
We are moving forward with reducing total working hours and increasing the use of time off through workstyle reforms throughout the company and promoting greater operation efficiency and work-life balance. As for employees who work long hours, there are also consultations with industrial physicians to prevent health issues.
   The Skill Olympics
In addition, we will aim for zero small fires or fires by having all employees learn about accident prevention, raising awareness and knowledge, and eliminating the sources of risk.
Accident prevention keyman assignment ceremony, Turkey Factory
Sumitomo Rubber Group Report 2019 48

Achieving a Good Work-Life Balance
Expanding the Work System That Supports Diverse, Flexible Workstyles
In addition to promoting reductions in the amount of after-hours work employees do and increase in and greater use of paid leave, we are moving forward with the introduction of diverse workstyles taking into consideration childcare and nursing care in order to add variety to work and support efforts to balance work and family.
The result of these and other efforts has been that 100% of female employees who have given birth have taken childcare leave. In addition, five male employees have taken childcare leave in 2018.
In fiscal 2009, we become the first company in the tire industry to be certified for the “Kurumin” logo based on Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children. Since then, we have continued to work to support raising children and even expanded the support to nursing care, which has included various efforts such as launching a nursing care consultation desk in 2017.
Kurumin certification as a “company that supports child-rearing”
Updating uniforms increased the number of
 In addition, the number of people who tried telecommuting increased in 2018 since the requirements to try it were loosened on a trial basis. In 2019, therefore, we will verify the results and move forward with an examination of fully introducing the system. We will continue to expand and implement systems that create a work environment that meets the specific lifestyle needs of employees.
Promoting Diversity
Respecting Diversity
With the goal of becoming a company in which diverse employees can pleasantly work and fully demonstrate their skills, we are promoting more diversity in employment types and the creation of a pleasant work environment.
Expanding Women’s Occupational Range
To promote more active roles for women, the company has set the target of doubling the number of women in management positions by 2020, compared with the 2014 level. In order to achieve that goal, we are moving forward with efforts to expand the work-life balance systems so that employees who have experienced various life events can play active roles and to raise the
percentage of people who take paid leave so they can return to work refreshed.
In addition, the number of
users of the “daycare support
system” under which daycare
subsidy is granted to
employees who leave their women sizes and created an environment more
child under two years of age conducive to work.
to a daycare facility has been increasing since its introduction in 2015 as a measure to support earlier returning to work from maternity leave and/or childcare leave. The system is contributing to career development of female employees.
Respect for Human Rights
Basic Perspective on Consideration for Human Rights
The Group’s Corporate Code of Conduct states that we “maintain a sound working environment free from discrimination on the basis of belief, creed, religion, race, skin color, nationality, language, social background, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical handicap or other reason.” Accordingly, we strive to prevent infringement of human rights of any employee.
We also distributed handbook on human resources and occupational management to all managers and held training sessions and lectures to ensure awareness of the handbook’s content as part of our efforts to create a workplace free of human rights infringements and harassment, where employees can work energetically.
Making Use of Telecommuting Trial and Realizing a Work-Life Balance
   Over past 21 months, I used telecommuting trials 18 times. In the past, I could use only flextime or paid leave for class observation days of elementary school and teacher’s home visits, but using telecommuting on trial basis, I have reduced commute time. Combining this with paid leave in increments of hours and other systems has made it possible to fully fulfill my responsibilities as a parent
while minimizing the impact on my work. I really appreciate that.
While working from home is convenient, there were problems with communicating with both parties in and outside the company, managing attendance, and creating a work environment at home. Even so, I would like to help out by giving my opinion to create a fuller system.
Human Resources & General Affairs Dept.
Michiko Umemura
