 Management Approach
The Sumitomo Rubber Group must fulfill our responsibilities, understand what is expected of us, and reflect these in our business activities. To this end, regular communication with our stakeholders is indispensable.
As we globalize our business, we welcome a diverse range of new stakeholders around the world. We strive to demonstrate integrity in all our business activities so that we can earn the trust of all our stakeholders.

Enhancing Corporate Governance
The Group is working to enhance corporate governance. For more details, please refer to “Corporate Governance” (pages 27 – 31).
Ensuring Thorough Compliance
Preventing Wrongful Conduct
We drive home to our employees the importance of avoiding all wrongful conduct through our “Corporate Code of Conduct,” which includes rules to “prohibit unfair competition and business dealings;” “prohibit bribery;” and “insulate ourselves from anti-social forces,” etc.
Once again in fiscal 2018, we focused efforts on establishing a system enabling voluntary compliance activities at both domestic and overseas bases through such means as provision of various compliance- related training sessions.
Going forward, we will continue efforts aimed at improving compliance awareness on a Group-wide basis.
Compliance Education
Compliance education is implemented from new employee orientation to training programs for all employee levels so that we can raise awareness of the importance of compliance among our employees.
In fiscal 2018, we not only offered lectures tailored to management on a segment by segment basis on corporate scandals but also held various explanatory sessions at group companies, including those overseas.
The Group continues to promote activities aimed at thorough implementation of compliance at overseas group companies in particular, which included holding of workshops on important themes such as compliance with competition laws and prevention of bribery and wrongful conduct.
Compliance lectures
Information Security
In fiscal 2018, in addition to conducting practical training through targeted email attacks of all Group employees just like last year, we tightened security measures, including at overseas subsidiaries, in order detect and interrupt information leaks and virus intrusion through cyberattacks.
We will continue to strengthen information security on both hardware and software sides.

 CSR Activity Report
  Promoting Dialogue with Stakeholders
Communication with Shareholders and Investors
Sumitomo Rubber Industries discloses various types of data including business performance records on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website and holds briefings for analysts and institutional investors at such times as disclosure of earnings reports, as part of communications (IR activities) with shareholders and investors. In addition, the Company uses occasions such as individual meetings and interviews to provide explanations on corporate management and business activities.
The Company has implemented constant communication (shareholder relations (SR) activities) with institutional investors in Japan and overseas for deeper mutual understanding and trust. Through such direct dialogues, the Company aims to enhance its corporate value by providing information and conducting exchange of opinions on a broader scope.
The Company will continue making full use of input from our shareholders and investors in enhancing its management and corporate value.
Dialogue with Local Residents, etc.
The Group is working to expand dialogues with local residents and other parties. For more details, please refer to “Stakeholder Dialogue” (pages 55 - 56).
Labor-Management Relations
For overall corporate activities, the Company actively shares information with employees and holds discussions to resolve issues through cooperation between labor and management.
The Sumitomo Rubber Labor Union has 5,406 general members, consisting of general employees but not officers or managers of the Company, as of December 31, 2018.
The Management Council is held twice each year, and the Central Labor-Management Council, three times. At these venue there is a common awareness between labor and management regarding issues, and discussions are held to solve problems.
We work to grow the Company through good labor- management relations.
March 2019 Management Council
Promoting social contribution activities
CSR Fund
In fiscal 2009, the Company established the “Sumitomo Rubber Industries CSR Fund” for the financial support of groups working on social issues such as environmental preservation and disaster recovery support in the regions where we have business sites. All donations from employees in support of the Fund are sorted by the Company under its “matching-gift” program and organizations receiving funds are selected based on recommendations made by our business sites and an NPO intermediary support center.
In fiscal 2018, the Fund donated a total of ¥8.93 million to 39 organizations located in seven regions: Fukushima, Tokyo, Aichi, Osaka, Hyogo, and Miyazaki Prefectures and Thailand.
In fiscal 2019, a total of ¥11.09 million will be donated to 47 organizations.
2019 CSR Fund presentation ceremony (Kobe Head Office)
Activities Closely Connected
with Local Communities
The Group promotes social contribution activities closely connected to local residents living near our factories. Employees play a key part in engaging in projects promoting exchanges with local residents to deepen relationships of trust and resolve issues by cultivating an environment enabling mutual understanding.
The Savignac L’enchanteur: The Magic of Parisian Posters exhibition was held at the Hyogo Prefectural Museum of Arton October 27 (Saturday) – December 24 (Monday/national holiday), 2018. At the exhibition, we collaborated with the museum to provide a photo booth that reproduced Dunlop Tires, one of the Savignac’s top pieces of art.
In cooperation with an NPO, we held the DUNLOP Manufacturing Class to put together a simple art kit for 5th graders and up as an event affiliated with the same museum.
Supply Chain Management
Engaging in CSR Procurement Along
with Suppliers
The Group has formulated a CSR Code of Conduct, which covers regulatory compliance, human rights and labor ethics, and includes it the Procurement Guidelines, which are distributed to all suppliers.
Furthermore, we regularly conduct CSR questionnaires at supplier companies and widely promote CSR within the supply chain through holding CSR briefings given the results. In fiscal 2017, we conducted CSR questionnaires at 260 supplier companies and held CSR briefings six times. There are plans to use a similar questionnaire and to hold briefings in 2020, too.
Furthermore, we provide explanations of our CSR Code of Conduct to new suppliers using the Procurement Guidelines and use the CSR questionnaire to conduct a self-evaluation.
Establishing a
“Sustainable Natural Rubber Policy”
The Company was pleased to announce our participation in the launch of the Global Platform for Sustainable Natural Rubber (GPSNR) as a founding member. As a participant in GPSNR, the Sumitomo Rubber Group has also established our own “Sustainable Natural Rubber Policy” with the aim of making natural rubber a sustainable resource for the future, and announced the policy on November 16, 2018 . The establishment of this new platform, which aims to set global standards for sustainable natural rubber, was initiated by the CEOs of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) Tire Industry Project (TIP) in November of 2017 and finalized with a launch event held in Singapore on October 25, 2018. In striving to
is the primary raw material in our main product: tires.
With global demand for tires expected to grow alongside the development of the mobility societies of the future, there is growing concern about the problems that may arise from increased demand for natural rubber, such as environmental damage caused by deforestation in regions that produce natural rubber or human
rights violations associated with poor working conditions.
Since joining the Sustainable Natural Rubber Initiative (SNR-i) established by the International Rubber Study Group (IRSG) in October 2016, our group has been actively pursuing independent
sustainability efforts.
Now, with our participation in GPSNR, our group is
committed not only to promoting more proactive, collaborative efforts that involve both supply chains and various other stakeholders, but also to redoubling our own efforts toward attaining natural rubber sustainability in accordance with our newly established “Sustainable Natural Rubber Policy.”
  Savignac’s DUNLOP Poster (©Annie Charpentier 2018)
VOICE
be a corporate group that contributes to the realization of a sustainable society, the Sumitomo Rubber Group has long been actively engaged in various efforts to improve the sustainability of our business activities.
One of the most important of these efforts is working toward achieving sustainable natural rubber, as natural rubber
* The ability to clearly trace the natural rubber supply chain (place of origin, distribution channels, etc.).
 Sustainable Natural Rubber Policy
2018 November
   Natural rubber plantation
   Focus Efforts on Increasing Interest of the Next Generation in Science
 Touting education support as one of its core activities, Core-net approached Sumitomo Rubber Industries with the desire to do something about the tendency of children not to be interested in science. As one part of Sumitomo Rubber Industries’ 100th anniversary, Core-net held the DUNLOP Manufacturing Class, which provided hands-on instruction in manufacturing. Since 2009, the class has been jointly offered with Sumitomo Rubber
Industries to 4,235 students at 55 elementary schools. During the classes, students are pushed to think about why things occurs, and a scientific approach has been developed, including some children conducting independent research on why somethings are straight and others bend or why something is quick or slow and
then submitting a report.
We will continue to make these efforts.
Leader of the Core-Net’s Manufacturing Project
Mr. Takahiro Matsumura
  51 Sumitomo Rubber Group Report 2019
Sumitomo Rubber Group Report 2019 5