CSR Activity Report
   TEAM ENASAVE Future Project, Protecting
Culture and Nature
With the goal of protecting
Japan’s vanishing cultural
assets and natural
environment, in fiscal 2013
the Group launched the
TEAM ENASAVE Future
Project in cooperation with the National Federation of UNESCO Associations in Japan (NFUAJ).
As a part of this project, in fiscal 2017 we held activities at seven locations around Japan, with the help of employees, their families, and local associations. Together with volunteers from the public as well as radio listeners, these events have seen 430 people participate in total.
Preservation and Nurturing of Endangered
Species
The Group has been engaged in preservation and nurturing of Sasakia charonda (the great purple emperor butterfly), one of the quasi-endangered species, at Ichijima Factory in Hyogo Prefecture as part of our activities to preserve and nurture endangered species. Meanwhile, there has been a sighting of Sasakia charonda flying in Okayama Tire Proving Ground. There are indigenous hackberries growing in the woods within the Tire Proving Ground (Sasakia charonda larvae feed on hackberry leaves) Management Approach
Progress of the One Million Trees for Local Forests Project
Forests absorb CO2 which contributes to global warming, and are an important social infrastructure for preserving biodiversity. Based on the thought that preserving this infrastructure is one of our corporate social responsibilities, we promote “Green (Green Initiative)” as one part of Sumitomo Rubber Group CSR Activity Guidelines through ongoing tree planting activities in and around our operation bases within Japan and overseas.
In fiscal 2009, we launched the “One Million Trees for Local Forests Project” to plant one million trees on and around our facilities around the world in 20 years. We have kept well ahead of our initial 20-year target, reaching a total of 1.717 million trees planted as of fiscal 2017. We will continue to plant trees as well as putting effort in forest maintenance.
(Cumulative Number of Trees Planted)
200
Overseas branch
Mangrove (Green Project)
Other tree-planting activities in Japan Acorn Project in Japan
100
50
(10 thousands of trees)
 150
Initial target
            0 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2029 (FY)
   Forestation Activities to Help Curb Global Warming and Connect with Local Communities
TEAM ENASAVE Future project
and sighting of larvae has also been confirmed.
We are going to preserve and nurture Sasakia charonda in the Okayama Tire Proving Ground as well.
Sasakia charonda found in the Okayama Tire Proving Ground
  “Sumitomo Rubber GENKI Forest,” a green
initiative in Japan
In addition to the grounds of our facilities, we engage in forestation activities in the surrounding area and at the 11 locations (23 ha) in Japan designated as “Sumitomo Rubber GENKI Forest.”
When planting trees, one has to be aware of the negative effect non-native species can have on local ecosystem. As such we only plant seedlings grown using acorn seeds gathered in the target area. Our continued efforts are aimed at increasing the amount of greenery around us while protecting biodiversity
While the number of trees planted has been decreasing as the area available for planting is getting smaller, 1,511 acorn seedlings were planted in “Sumitomo Rubber GENKI Forest” in fiscal 2017.
Maintenance work after tree planting is also important for forestation. Weed cutting, removal of vines, removal of unnecessary trees, pruning and thinning work are carried out.
In addition, 8,472 acorn seedlings were given away to organizations and
local residents who are engaged in the green initiative and so wish.
Pruning work in a “Sumitomo Rubber GENKI Forest” in Sasayama City, Hyogo Prefecture
Volunteer activities carried out with local residents in a “Sumitomo Rubber GENKI Forest” in Miyakonojo City, Miyazaki Prefecture
Collaborative activities with local residents and other parties in “Sumitomo Rubber GENKI Forest”
The objectives of forestation activities include prevention of global warming by absorption of CO2, landslide prevention and biodiversity preservation, as well as to communicate with local communities through satoyama (border zone between unpopulated mountain foothills and populated flat land) conservation activities.
To achieve forest creation rooted in each community, we promote activities in which employees, former employees, families, friends, local residents and regional organizations participate.
Preserving Biodiversity
Creation of Regional Biotopes by Hand
The Group is carrying out creation of biotopes within its business bases so that a wide variety of organisms living in these areas may be able to build natural ecosystems unique to such areas. Five biotopes are now established in total: the Shirakawa Factory “Shirakawa no Izumi,” the Nagoya Factory “Koromo no Izumi,” the Kobe Head Office “Soso no Izumi,” the Miyazaki Factory “Kirishima no Izumi,” and the Ichijima Factory biotope.
The biotopes in those regions were created by the hands of employees on their days off. With the cooperation of local residents, we preserve, nurture and return endemic plants and aquatic life to local areas.
 Topics
Greening Activities Overseas “Team ENASAVE Green Project”
The “Team ENASAVE Green Project” started in fiscal 2009 as part of the “One Million Trees for Local Forests Project,” wherein mangrove seedlings are planted in Thailand and Indonesia using part of proceeds from sales of the fuel-efficient “ENASAVE” tire series.
Mangrove forests are located on seashores and bring a myriad of benefits for local people and their life by providing fertile fishing grounds. The number of trees planted by fiscal 2017 totaled no less than 1.17 million, and we are committed to continuing with our efforts going forward as well.
 Mangroves planted in Thailand in 2009 have grown up
  41 Sumitomo Rubber Group Report 2018
Sumitomo Rubber Group Report 2018 42