CSR Activity Report
      Management Approach
Underpinning the activities of the Sumitomo Rubber Group is the question “What can tires contribute to the global environment?”. To this end, it is developing environmentally friendly products with a focus on three areas—fuel efficiency, raw materials and resource saving.
While the environment surrounding the automobile industry is facing drastic changes, the Group is pushing forward with development of environmentally friendly products based on its “ENASAVE technology” that allows for “even higher environmental performance.”
Environmentally Friendly Product
Pursuing Safety and Comfort, Economy and Quality
Quality Management System
The Group’s quality management system is structured based on ISO 9001 and the IATF 16949* automobile industry quality management system standards.
The domestic tire factories have completed transition from ISO/TS 16949 to IATF 16949 and the overseas tire factories are sequentially implementing the transition with the overall completion planned in September 2018.
*IATF 16949: Automotive Quality Management System Standard which replaced ISO/TS 16949.
Creation of Airless Tires That Eliminate the Need
for Flat Tire Repairs and Air Pressure Monitoring
The Company is currently working on development of the airless tire technology “GYROBLADE,” a technology composing the “SMART TYRE CONCEPT.”
The fact that no air is filled in “GYROBLADE” eliminates the need for flat tire repairs and tire pressure monitoring, while improving safety. In addition, the tire contributes to resource and energy savings as spare tires will no longer be necessary.
As the airless tire is more prone to heat buildup compared to pneumatic tires, it is equipped with rubber used in fuel efficient tires that provides highly controlled heat generation. In addition, the tire is produced using the next- generation processing method “NEO-T01” that has placed focus on “ultra-high accuracy” in tire manufacturing technology. As exemplified by such facts, the tire is a state- of-the-art technological marvel of the Company. Black sidewalls used in pneumatic tires are replaced with resins for the airless tire, allowing liberal use of colors.
The Company is committed to working on research and development aiming for earlier commercialization of “GYROBLADE” that overturns concepts of conventional tires.
Topics
DUNLOP “ENASA VE NEXT II” receives the Grand Prize in “2017 Nikkei Global Environmental Technology Awards”
DUNLOP “ENASAVE NEXT II,” a flagship fuel efficient tire in the ENASAVE series, received the Grand Prize in “2017 Nikkei Global Environmental Technology Awards.”
The tire uses the Company’s proprietary new materials development technology “ADVANCED 4D NANO DESIGN,” and
succeeded in receiving the
highest grade “AAA-a” in the
labeling system. The wear
resistance performance has
been significantly improved.
The Company believes that
the prize was in recognition of
the Company’s pioneering
initiatives for developing new
materials and its high technical
skills. The Company will push
forward with development of
high-performance tires that
provide safety and peace of
mind while generating less
environmental loads by
utilizing this technology.
Developing Environmentally Friendly Products
Fossil resource-free materials
Making
Reduce (weight-savings and wear resistance)
Recycle & reuse (ease of retreading)
Fuel efficiency
(lower rolling resistance)
Using
Safety and comfort (grip, braking and
quietness)
Development Themes
      Raw materials
Fuel efficiency
 Resource saving
Discarding
 What Can Tires Contribute to the Global Environment?
  Announcing New Technology Development Concept “SMART TYRE CONCEPT” with an Eye on the Upcoming Mobility Society
Sumitomo Rubber Industries announced, at the “45th Tokyo Motor Show 2017,” a new technology development concept “SMART TYRE CONCEPT” to develop tires delivering safety performance and environmental performance simultaneously and at a higher level anticipated to be required in the mobility society of the future.
performance, the Group is working to develop products with aim to contribute to a recycling-oriented society by utilizing Life Cycle Assessment (LCA), an element composing the “ENASAVE technology,” and thereby raising the level of environmental performance even higher not only in raw materials and as products in use but also during the entire product life cycle from manufacture and transportation to recycling.
A concept tire using this material is slated for release in 2020.
ENASAVE NEXT IIVoice
Aiming for Commercialization of Airless Tires
Following the announcement of our airless concept tires in the Tokyo Motor Show 2015, we displayed and tested airless tires for golf trolleys at the Dunlop Phoenix Tournament in 2016. In addition, automobile manufacturers used our airless tires in their concept cars in the Tokyo Motor Show 2017. As such, development of the airless tires aimed at commercialization is steadily making progress.
Although there are some issues to be addressed, we are working to commercialize the airless tires so that many of our customers can experience the benefits of these tires.
Hiroshi Ohigashi
General Manager, Advanced Technology Development Department
 This technology concept comprises three technologies: the “safety technology” that supports safety, the “ENASAVE technology” that contributes to the environment and the “core technology” to support them.
In terms of safety performance, while car sharing is becoming increasingly common and progresses are made in autonomous car development, the Group aims to support automobile safety over the long period by suppressing performance degradation due to abrasion and deterioration, realizing a “performance sustaining technology” that enables long- sustained performance of tires equivalent to brand-new ones.
In terms of environmental
SMART TYRE CONCEPT
     Active tread
Long-lasting technology
[Environment] “ENASAVE” technology
Weight-saving technology
Recycling technology
SENSING CORE
[Safety] “Safety” technology
Noiseless technology
Airless tires
Performance sustaining technology
LCA
(Life Cycle Assessment)
Fuel efficiency technology
    47 Sumitomo Rubber Group Report 2018
Sumitomo Rubber Group Report 2018 48