CSR Activity Report
     Management Approach
Employees achieve satisfaction by working for the Sumitomo Rubber Group, which grows as a result of its employees’ success. To continue building such a sound relationship, we believe that we have a responsibility to provide all employees with a fair and equal chance to grow through a range of benefit packages and training programs.
In addition, Sumitomo Rubber Industries established the “Health & Productivity Management Declaration” in February 2018. The Company will strategically implement activities for maintaining and promoting health of employees.
Sumitomo Rubber Group’s Basic Hiring Policy
Diverse employment environment and human resource development
     Workplace environment conducive to job satisfaction
Fair evaluation and equal benefits
 In order to pursue greater happiness for all of the employees who support our growing business, as well as their families, Sumitomo Rubber Industries and our Health Insurance Association are working together to raise awareness of one’s personal responsibility to maintain one’s own health while at the same time promoting disease prevention and healthier living.
H&P
Health & ProductivityManagement Declaration   Fostering Human Resource Development and Making Jobs Rewarding
Fostering Human Resources
In fiscal 2017, one serious accident occurred and the number of serious injuries increased by one from the previous fiscal year; we regretfully failed to prevent serious accidents. Regarding accident prevention targets, the Group will not have any fatal accidents in fiscal 2018 and will not exceed 30 accidents (half the number in fiscal 2017).The Group is committed to taking on the challenge to achieve zero accident by identifying the priority issues in attaining the targets and creating a work environment and corporate culture wherein all employees come together as one to ensure safety.
Frequency of Occupational Accidents (Serious Injury Frequency Rate*)
disease prevention and enhancement of mental health care, among others, by such means as thorough implementation of regular medical checkups and promotion of specific health guidance.
2018 Certified Health and Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program - White 500
Achieving a Good Work-Life Balance
Helping Employees Balance Work and Family Life
Sumitomo Rubber Industries has introduced various work systems and awareness activities that make it easier for employees to carry out childcare and nursing care; for example, we are reducing the amount of after-hours work employees do, and we are encouraging employees to take their paid leave.
The result of these and other efforts has been that 100% of female employees who have given birth have taken childcare leave. In addition, 13 male employees have taken childcare leave in the past five years.
In fiscal 2009, we became the first company in the tire industry to be certified for the “Kurumin” logo, presented by the Japanese government to companies that strive to help employees raise their children, and we are continuing initiatives to this end.
In fiscal 2014, we introduced the “JOB Return system” aimed to get employees who have left the company to return to work. Under this system, employees who had to quit due to reasons like marriage or their spouse’s job transfer can return to
Promoting Diversity
Expanding Women’s Occupational Range
To promote more active roles for women, we have set the target of doubling the number of women in management positions by 2020, compared with the 2014 level. To this end, we will need to maintain our hiring ratio of female employees and increase initiatives that raise the percentage of people who take paid leave so they can return to work refreshed.
In addition, the number of users of the “daycare support system” under which daycare subsidy is granted to employees who leave their child under two years of age to a daycare facility has been increasing since its institution in fiscal 2015 as a measure to support earlier returning to work from maternity leave and/or
childcare leave. The system is
contributing to career
development of female
employees.
In-house nursery of a Group company
Respect for Human Rights
Basic Perspective on Consideration for Human
Rights
The Group’s Corporate Code of Conduct states that we “maintain a sound working environment free from discrimination on the basis of belief, creed, religion, race, skin color, nationality, language, social background, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical handicap or other reason.” Accordingly, we strive to prevent infringement of human rights of any employee.
We also distributed handbook on human resources and occupational management to all managers and held training sessions and lectures to ensure awareness of the handbook’s content as part of our efforts to create a workplace free of human rights infringements and harassment, where employees can work energetically.
  The Group provides all employees with well-rounded personal
training through the Human Resources Department,
Production Training Department, and related divisions. Young
employees get fundamental training as a member of society
such as logical thinking, and management level employees get
practical training in how to maximize organizational strength
and energize their organizations. Such training helps
individuals by respecting their motivation to grow and helping
them “learn to notice” and improve situations on their own. 1.62 1.59
work as full-time employees. Furthermore, “system of leave for accompanying spouse’s overseas assignment” in fiscal 2017 for employees who accompany their spouse who is transferred to work overseas to provide them with an opportunity to return and continue to work after coming back to Japan.
We will continue to expand and implement systems that create a work environment that meets the specific lifestyle needs of employees.
we introduced the
Kurumin certification as a “company that supports child-rearing”
 2.0
At our overseas affiliates, we are developing human 1.5
resources by conducting OJT and other training with the aims 1.05 1.00
of “boosting problem-solving skills,” “understanding 0.94 Sumitomo Rubber management philosophy,” and 1.0
“understanding and implementing The SRI Way.”
 These initiatives for young employees will be continued in 0.0
fiscal 2018 as well in accordance with the needs of each
division. All industries
1.58 1.66 1.61 1.63 1.66
 1.06
0.15 0.07 2013 2014
Manufacturing industry
1.15 1.02
0.28
2015 2016 2017 (FY)
Sumitomo Rubber Industries (non-consolidated basis)
1 million net working hours.
to accidents / Total work hours
1.06
 We have adopted training for “overseas trainees” 0.5
targeting young employees to foster global human resources. 0.15 0.15
0.00 0.07
 Voice
Creating a Workplace Where Each One of Us Can Play an Active Role In order for a female employee to continue working while going through a wide variety of life events, she herself has to have the will of doing so, but additionally, her family needs to understand and cooperate, and her employer needs to put systems in place, create corporate culture and have understanding in her doing so. The Company has instituted a variety of systems to support employees to maintain good balance between work and family life. I myself am working, leaving my son at a nursery school while
utilizing the Company’s daycare support system and receiving support from everyone at my workplace.
It is becoming increasingly more important for the Company, in conjunction with further globalization, to care about not only female employees but also diversified human resources, values and work styles and create a workplace where everyone of us can work energetically. I hope that the Company will continue enhancing the support systems so that every employee can play an active role.
Yukino Miyagi
Material Planning Department
  Creating a Safe, Employee- Friendly Workplace
Striving to Eliminate All Accidents
With the aim of eliminating all dangers and accidents in the workplace, the Group carries out safety activities that eliminate the causes of accidents and fundamentally raise the level of safety. The Group also proactively conducts physical safety audits and visual checks on site.
*Accident frequency rate: The number of deaths or injuries per Accident frequency rate = Number of deaths and injuries due x 1,000,000
2011 2012
 49 Sumitomo Rubber Group Report 2018
Sumitomo Rubber Group Report 2018 50
Promoting Health & Productivity Management
The Company was certified under the “2018 Certified Health and Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program - White 500” jointly promoted by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Nippon Kenko Kaigi, in February 2018 and for two consecutive years. This certification was granted in recognition of our Company-wide efforts for