CSR Activity Report
  communication (shareholder relations (SR) activities) with institutional investors in Japan and overseas for deeper mutual understanding and trust. Through such direct dialogues, the Company aims to enhance its corporate value by providing information and conducting exchange of opinions on a broader scope.
The Company will continue making full use of input from our shareholders and investors in enhancing its management and corporate value.
Supply Chain Management
Engaging in CSR Procurement Along with
Suppliers
The Group aims to promote CSR procurement (socially responsible procurement) considering not only quality, cost and delivery time, but also regulatory compliance, human rights and labor ethics.
In fiscal 2017, we conducted CSR questionnaires three times at 260 supplier companies. Given the results, we held CSR briefings six times in the same year where we exchanged opinions with 21 supplier companies. The Company also provides new supplier companies with explanations on its CSR action guidelines and asks them to conduct self-assessment through a CSR questionnaire.
In addition, the Group supports the spirit of the Sustainable Natural Rubber Initiatives (SNR-i) proposed by the International Rubber Study Group and requests cooperation from suppliers in implementing the initiatives aimed for improvements.
Keeping Social Contribution in Constant Motion
CSR Fund
In fiscal 2009, Sumitomo Rubber Industries established the “Sumitomo Rubber Industries CSR Fund” for the financial support of groups working on social issues such as environmental preservation and disaster recovery support in the regions where we have business sites. All donations from employees in support of the Fund are sorted by the Company under its “matching-gift” program and organizations receiving funds are selected based on recommendations made by our business sites and an NPO intermediary support center.
Activities Closely Connected with Local
Communities
The Group promotes social contribution activities closely connected to local residents living near our factories. Employees play a key part in engaging in projects promoting exchanges with local residents to deepen relationships of trust and resolve issues by cultivating an environment enabling mutual understanding. Our activities to contribute to local communities are also being conducted at overseas factories. In December 2017, eight employees at the Hunan Factory in China volunteered as traffic safety guards at an intersection in front of an elementary school near the factory, in cooperation with the local traffic police. This activity contributed to educate and raise awareness on traffic safety among children. As the traffic volume is high around the Hunan Factory and Management Approach
The Sumitomo Rubber Group must fulfill our responsibilities, understand what is expected of us, and reflect these in our business activities. To this end, regular communication with our stakeholders is indispensable.
As we globalize our business, we welcome a diverse range of new stakeholders around the world. We strive to demonstrate integrity in all our business activities so that we can earn the trust of all our stakeholders.
Sumitomo Rubber Group Stakeholders
 Local community
Business partners
Customers
Sumitomo Rubber Group
Shareholders and investors
Employees
   Enhancing Corporate Governance
The Group is working to enhance corporate governance. For more details, please refer to “Corporate Governance” (pages 29 - 32 ).
Ensuring Thorough Compliance
Preventing Wrongful Conduct
We drive home to our employees the importance of avoiding all wrongful conduct through our “Corporate Code of Conduct,” which includes rules to “prohibit unfair competition and business dealings;” “prohibit bribery;” and “insulate ourselves from anti-social forces,” etc.
Once again in fiscal 2017, we focused efforts on establishing a system enabling voluntary compliance activities at overseas bases through such means as provision of various compliance-related training sessions.
Going forward, we will continue efforts aimed at improving compliance awareness on a Group-wide basis.
Compliance Education
Compliance education is implemented from new employee orientation to training programs for all employee levels so that we can raise awareness of the importance of compliance among our employees.
The Group promoted activities aimed at thorough implementation of compliance at overseas affiliates in particular, which included holding of workshops on important themes such as compliance with competition laws and prevention of bribery and wrongful conduct.
Information Security
The Group fully understands the importance of protecting and managing personal and confidential corporate information and makes an effort to appropriately handle both.
In fiscal 2017, we continued to conduct “targeted attack email” practical drills following on from the previous fiscal year and provided information security education to all Group employees including overseas bases using e-learning and lecture formats.
In addition, the Group strengthened its security surveillance for the purposes of monitoring and blocking information leakage and computer virus intrusion through cyberattacks.
Promoting Dialogue with Stakeholders
Communication with Shareholders and Investors
Sumitomo Rubber Industries discloses various types of data including business performance records on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website and holds briefings for analysts and institutional investors at such times as disclosure of earnings reports, as part of communications (IR activities) with shareholders and investors. In addition, the Company uses occasions such as individual meetings and interviews to provide explanations on corporate management and business activities.
Lately the Company has implemented constant
there is high risk in crossing roads, the factory will continue with this activity and promote other traffic safety activities in cooperation with the local communities.
 Traffic Safety Guard at Hunan Factory in China
 Voice
We Conduct Activities Aiming to Create a Society with No Inequalities Among People With/Without Disabilities
The “Miyoshi Soran Bombers” consisting mainly of members with disabilities has an activity policy of “participating in and contributing to society through physical expressions, considering disabilities as individual characteristics.” In support of this policy, I have been participating in various local events in each year, as a member to support dance performance of the group.
The group has held solo live performances (seven times in total) as the voluntary business, wherein the group called upon support of the turnouts for victims of
disasters such as the Great East
Japan Earthquake, the 2016
Kumamoto Earthquake in Japan and
the 2018 Hualien Earthquake in
Taiwan. The group has also been
engaged in an activity to deliver
donations to disaster-affected areas. We will continue with these activities with a stance of enjoying events together with people with disabilities, instead of “helping” them.
Akio Ogasawara
Production Section III, Nagoya Factory
     Compliance education sessions are held not only for newly hired graduates but also for individual employee groups such as mid-career-hired employees and Group company managers.
In fiscal 2017, the Fund donated a total of ¥7.85 million to 35 organizations located in seven regions: Fukushima, Tokyo, Aichi, Osaka, Hyogo, and Miyazaki Prefectures and
Thailand.
CSR Fund presentation ceremony (Kobe Head Office)
51 Sumitomo Rubber Group Report 2018
Sumitomo Rubber Group Report 2018 52