WHERE WE’RE GOING
Sustainability
Working to Achieve the Sustainability Challenge
Initiatives for Low Carbon and Decarbonization
 The Sojitz Group is “working to achieve a decarbonized society through our business activities,” as set out in the Sustainability Challenge, and we are promoting initiatives that link business to measures against climate change, such as our renewable energy business.
In August 2018, we declared our endorsement of the final recommendations of the TCFD,*1 and are striving to
cooperate with a wide range of stakeholders, proactively disclose information, and improve our transparency.
  *1 The TCFD recommends disclosure in relation to risks and opportunities linked to climate change based on four themes: governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.
  Governance
We scrutinize climate-related risks and opportunities and discuss their influence on our business strategies based on promotion and implementation systems centered on the Sustainability Committee (Committee Head: CEO).
The details of these proceedings are regularly reported to the Management Committee and the Board of Directors, and the latter supervise and give direction when necessary.
Strategy
Conducting Scenario Analysis
Risk Management
Sojitz assesses and identifies CO2 emissions risks in each of our Group-operated businesses. In addition to the deliberation process for investments and loans, which involves managing individual business risks, we also hold dialogues with stakeholders and regular meetings between our business divisions and management to discuss and confirm the effect of climate-related risks and opportunities on our businesses.
  Based on external investigations and internal analysis, we are working on scenario analysis of the business fields believed to present the greatest risks and opportunities to our Group’s business activities, management strategy, and financial planning. The scenario analysis*2 is then analyzed to determine financial impact.
*2 Please see the Sojitz website for our scenario analysis https://www.sojitz.com/en/csr/environment/tcfd/
In the future, we expect to carry out scenario analysis for physical risks in terms of the impact of climate change.
Establishing metrics and targets for carrying out scenario analysis: the coal interests business and the power generation businessCoal interests business
We analyze the value of Sojitz’s assets by assuming prospective demand and value in a number of scenarios set in the years until 2040, including the 1.5°C scenario.
Although there are concerns that some of our assets relating to our thermal coal interests will lose their value, we are implementing a policy to reduce our thermal coal assets by at least half by 2030, and so the impact will be limited.
Power generation businessMethod
Financial Impact
Contributing to decarbonization
We analyze the impact of carbon prices, demand fluctuations by the type of electric power, and the cost competitiveness of Sojitz’s assets in a number of scenarios set in the years until 2040, including the 1.5°C scenario.
The power plants that will be affected by carbon prices and demand fluctuations are limited in number, and we do not believe that those plants that will be affected will be impacted financially as a result of the effects of asset degradation.
 We expect an increased supply and demand for renewable energy in all of the scenarios that the Group is analyzing. The Sojitz Group thinks of decarbonization as a business opportunity, and we are focusing our efforts on our renewable energy business.
Main achievements in FY2019
• Joined one of the largest off-shore wind power generation businesses in Taiwan • Joined biomass power plant project in Tomakomai, Hokkaido
Metrics and Targets
Policies for initiatives related to the coal interests business and the coal-fired power generation business
Reducing the assets of our thermal coal interests to half or less by 2030 (compared to our assets at the end of March 2019)
Change in Thermal Coal Interests Assets
(Billions of yen)
      In principle, not acquiring new thermal coal interest 40.0
Not undertaking new initiatives in the coal-fired power generation business 30.0 (we have no current projects) 20.0 10.0 Under the above policies, we sold part of our thermal coal interests in March 2020. 0
March 2019
March 2020
March 2031
60.0
50.0
Favorable progress
Reducing assets held in March 2019 to half or less
   40 Sojitz Corporation Integrated Report 2020