We have enlisted the entire company at Shimizu in working as a team to achieve workstyle reform. The purpose of this is to create a workplace in which all employees who work there can fully demonstrate the abilities they possess in a shorter amount of time, and to improve the attractiveness of the construction industry.

Message from the President
We are communicating the corporate vision that Shimizu aspires to and the determination and need for working as a unified team on workstyle reform to employees through messages from the president, informal receptions with the president, and other means on an ongoing basis.

Portal Site Dedicated to Workstyle Reform at Shimizu Established
Shimizu launched a portal site on the Internet dedicated to work- style reform in December 2017.
The site visualizes the initiatives that each division and depart- ment is working on. By sharing information, we are working to build awareness of working as a single company-wide team to reform workstyles. We also conduct regular surveys to solicit employee opinions and solicit suggestions on how to improve operations. These are incorporated in new Workstyle Reform steps taken.

Introduction of a Pilot Work-from-Home Program
Shimizu introduced a pilot work-from-home pro- gram in May 2018.
Due to advances in information and communica- tions technology (ICT), we are now able to estab- lish an environment that makes new workstyles possible without limitations on time or location. Feeling the need to think dynamically, we took the bold step of introducing a pilot program that is not limited to a specific division or type of work.
Achieving Flexibility in Work Hours
Shimizu has introduced a flextime system. We reduced the core time period and employees are now also able to use this system for doctors visits for illness or injury, in addition to caring for chil- dren and families members, since May of this year. We are also promoting highly productive, efficient workstyles by making it possible for employees to take their annual vacation time in hourly increments and choose the workstyle that best suits them individually.

Benefits Anticipated from Working at Home
1. It will establish an approach to work that takes the productivity per unit of time into consideration.
2. There will be a concerted effort to take inventory of work and visualize progress on work by managers and subordinates.
3. It will improve work-life balance by enabling employees to work while also caring for children or family members.
4. It will enhance BCP response.