About Shimizu
Initiatives in Various Areas
Business Base
Corporate Governance Financial Statements and Data Collection
Two tower condominiums in the Tokyo Wonderful Project completed in 2016, in Shin-toyosu
We used the first patented seismic isolation and vibration control system in Japan in both towers, and also built them to improve the livability of the con- dominium units. We provide residents with safe, secure, and comfortable living accommodations by manifesting Shimizu’s integrative strengths through our advanced R&D capabilities and concepts.
 Special Feature
Building Value for Society
Achieving Safety and Security Through the Construction Industry
The recent frequency of earthquakes, typhoons, volcanic erup- tions, and other natural disasters is placing increasing impor- tance on the social role of the construction industry. This role includes building and maintaining infrastructure, rapid response on recovery, and restoration projects. Through these, Shimizu provides the safety and security to protect the lives of our cus- tomers and their businesses.
There are also concerns about the future potential for a major earth- quake, either directly beneath the Greater Tokyo Metropolitan Area or in the Nankai and Sagami troughs. Moreover, the impact of global warming has exposed the potential risk for disasters other than earth- quakes, such as massive typhoons or torrential rains.
Shimizu is contributing to the achievement of Sustainable Develop- ment Goals 9 (Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure) and 11 (Sustainable Cities and Communities) by developing technology to mitigate the damage from such disasters from many perspectives. Forecasting and diagnostic technologies, disaster prevention and mitigation technologies, and technologies that enable rapid recovery and restoration of normal daily life after a disaster are among the technologies we contribute.
Shimizu will continue to contribute to the realization of safe and secure communities in the future as well.
Areas of Shimizu Technologies That Provide Safety and Security
        Seismic Isolation System Seismic Control System Core Wall
Wall Structure
From the sky
Left: SKYZ TOWER & GARDEN Right: BAYZ TOWER & GARDEN
center: Toyosu Megumi Kindergarten
Earthquake-resistant core structure Response control devices (U-shaped steel damper)
Seismic isolation devices
 In the 31-story BAYZ Tower, we built brightly-lit dwelling units using window sashes that reached to the ceiling on all floors. We achieved this through the use of the Swing Saver hybrid seismic isola- tion and vibration control system that enabled use of large beams of 600 mm in height or less on the outer perimeter of the building. This system uses vibra- tion dampers every few floors and connect the seismic isolation structure in the dwelling parts to the earthquake- resistant structure for the core.Using the Shimizu three- pointed star-shaped, hybrid seismic isolation and vibra- tion control system to increase the space between columns in the 44-story SKYZ Tower enabled us to create a plan that reduced the restrictions imposed by columns on the open side of balconies and created wide openings for dwellings.
Steps Taken by Shimizu
Protecting buildings from shaking during an earthquake (Seismic isolation, vibration control, seismic control,
and seismic retrofitting)
Protecting the building interiors from shaking during an earthquake
(Seismic isolation of non-structural components, partial seismic isolation)
Protecting projects from liquefaction (Liquefaction countermeasures)
Protecting lives from fire
(Improved fire resistance, evacuation safety measures)
Protecting lives from tsunami (Reducing human casualties)
Accurate knowledge of threats (Identifying disaster risk)
Examples of Technology
Dynamic Screw Swing Saver
SD Clipless Ceiling ANSHIN Slider
Gravel support method
Slim Fire-Resistant Wood
An evacuation safety system for high-rise hospital buildings
Arch shelters Frame shelters
Anshin Monitoring SP
Shimizu’s comprehensive disaster- prevention diagnostic system
       16 Shimizu Corporate Report 2018
Shimizu Corporate Report 2018 17