Shimizu has been holding forums on the promoting the advancement of women since fiscal 2013. The goal of these forums is to encourage a sense of participation in initiatives to promote the advancement of women among women employees.
Changing the Mindset of Managers
It is essential to change the mindset of managers in order to promote diversity. Shimizu joined the Iku-Boss Corporate Alliance in December 2015 and has been developing Iku-Bosses since then.
We have held Iku-Boss seminars since fiscal 2016. Lively discussions take place during these seminars on the theme of workstyle reform aimed
Around 300 women from locations throughout Japan and overseas participate each year and top management and other officers also participate. The forum was held outside of corporate head- quarters for the first time in fiscal 2017.
at creating a workplace that makes it easy for anyone to work there.
We have also been presenting Iku-Boss Awards since fiscal 2015 and share good examples of Iku-Bosses internally. Twelve people have received the Gold Iku-Boss Award, which is the top award, thus far.
 Workplaces Supportive of All Employees
Comprehensive Disaster Drills that Include Employees with Disabilities
  In fiscal 2017, we began conducting comprehensive disaster drills to ensure the same level of safety for all employees, during a fire, earthquake, or other disaster, regardless of whether a person has a disability or not.
Roughly 50 employees at headquarters participated. Participants included employees with dis- abilities and supporters to assist them. They confirmed evacuation routes and performed a roll call. After the drill, they also experienced the smoke that occurs during a fire and experienced an earthquake in an earthquake simulation truck.
Initiatives in Human Rights
Shimizu actively promotes educational activities on human rights based on the principle of being a company that values people as set forth in the Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct and the Basic Human Rights Policy. During fiscal 2017, we conducted grade-level seminars and e-learning on the themes of LGBT individuals, people with disabilities, and preventing harassment through the abuse of power, based on the basic policies
Participants commented that it made them aware of the need to think about evacuation for people with disabilities and the means for assist- ing them, and gave them a fresh awareness of the importance
of support.
Comprehensive disaster drill
formulated by the company-wide Human Rights Education Promotion Committee. We also hold ongoing seminars for leaders who promote human rights in each division and affiliate to increase the level of awareness.
In December every year, we present awards for human rights educational slogans solicited from employees, their families, and affiliated companies to increase awareness.