      About Shimizu Initiatives in Various Areas Business Base
Corporate Governance
Financial Statements and Data CollectionHuman Resource Strategy
  Talent Development Strategy
Keeping the light on SHIMZ DNA
Each and every employee is a precious asset to Shimizu, and we consider our employees “human resources.” Firmly entrenching the spirit of crafts- manship and passing down the DNA of Shimizu form the foundation for development from the perspective of developing people who make
good products. Shimizu works to develop human resources whom customers and the community trust as first-class professionals through cross- sectional training, specialty training by area, and functional training.
Securing Workers
Securing human resources in the construction industry is an urgent challenge as the number of workers in the labor force declines. This will also affect the handing down of skills to the next generation. We are devoting ourselves to various efforts to solve these challenges.
    Management
Diagram of the Management Structure
Five-day Work Week Initiative
Obtaining the cooperation of subcontractors and skilled workers is essential in order to implement a five-day work week at job sites. From May 2018 onward, Shimizu has supplemented wages by a certain percentage of turnover each month if the designated conditions for job site closure are met. This is being done to counteract the reduc- tion in income that skilled workers would experi- ence by increasing the number of days on which the job site is closed. This system will remain in
Securing Skilled Workers
Cooperating with the Kanekikai, a partner to Shi- mizu, Shimizu implemented job site tours for high school students, children, and others with the goal of securing workers for the construction industry. We have focused mainly on students of technical high schools for high school job site tours to give the next generation that will assume responsibility for the future the opportunity to become familiar with the construction industry. The tours for chil- dren were targeted at children and other family members of foremen and craftsmen.
We began posting recruitment ads on Internet recruiting sites in fiscal year 2015 to assist in recruitment. In fiscal 17 companies hired 25
effect for about two years and we expect it to cost around 2 billion yen in total, depending on the number of sites eligible. Shimizu will continue to work to improve the attractiveness of the construction industry and secure skilled workers in the future by working diligently to improve productivity and establish reasonable construc- tion periods, and by promoting the adoption of the five-day work week and reduction in over- time worked.
people through these ads. We have also estab- lished a job board for subcontractors on the Shimizu website.
 Reform-based human resource training
          Mid-career employees
Monozukuri prep school for new managers
 Practical skills training for mid-career employees
      Young employees
Global communications training
  General new employee training
   Cross-sectional training
General New Employee Training
Shimizu encourages the mindset of acquiring the knowledge needed in the three categories of being a member of society, a member of the con- struction industry, and a Shimizu employee from the time new employees enter the company. We conduct cross-sectional training in April, Septem- ber and February during the first year employees are in the company. The program is set up to acquire the DNA passed down by Shimizu and the monozukuri mindset in stages.
New employees learn the basics as members of society in April. Our goal is to also make them aware of their social mission as people who work in the construction industry, teach them the his- tory of the company, and have them understand the management principles.
In September, training is held at Shimizu Memo- rial Park in Koba, Toyama City, the birthplace of Kisuke Shimizu I. Employees also visit the Shibus- awa Memorial Museum in Kita-ku, Tokyo to learn about Eiichi Shibusawa, who was heavily involved
Specialized training by area
Functional training
External
  in the history of Shimizu. He was the proponent of the Analects and the Abacus, on which our man- agement principles are based. We seek to instill the DNA and principles of Shimizu in employees through these activities.
In February, employees reflect on their growth over the past year as members of society, mem- bers of the construction industry, and as Shimizu employees, and develop a new awareness of themselves as the human resources who will build the Shimizu of the future.
New employees learning about Eiichi Shibusawa at the Shibusawa Memorial Museum
Children trying their hand at plastering on the children’s tour
 Initiative to Promote Enrollment in Social Insurance
Job board for subcontractors on the Shimizu corporate website
 Shimizu has always worked to promote enroll- ment in social insurance to provide an attractive work environment that skilled workers can feel secure working in for a long time.
In October 2015, we began concluding agree- ments with subcontractors that clearly state the calculated cost of the statutory social benefits that a subcontractor will incur as a category
separate from construction costs. In fiscal 2017, we far surpassed our goal for the percentage of skilled workers enrolled in social insurance, which was a percentage equivalent to the manufactur- ing industry. Shimizu will continue to assist with promoting enrollment in social insurance in the future to improve treatment of skilled workers.
 46 Shimizu Corporate Report 2018
Shimizu Corporate Report 2018 47