       About Shimizu Initiatives in Various Areas Business Base
Corporate Governance
Financial Statements and Data CollectionFurther Strengthening the Productivity Structure
Initiatives in Health and Safety
  Initiatives in ensuring a productive structure
Fiscal 2017 Results:
Health and Safety Performance
The accident frequency rate* improved to 0.47
from 0.53 in fiscal 2016.
* Accident frequency rate: Number of deaths and serious injuries per million cumulative worker hours (Figures for all industries and for the construction industry represent accidents resulting in one or more lost work days, calculated on a calendar-year basis. Figures for Shimizu’s represent accidents resulting in four or more lost workdays, calculated on a fiscal-year basis.)
Accident Analysis
Falls of under two meters were the most frequent, followed by falls of over two meters, slips and trips, and getting caught. Although the number of accidents resulting in four or more lost workdays decreased, the number of incidents and percent- ages increased for falls of two meters or more and less than two meters, both of which were specifically targeted for improvement.
Safety Patrols by President Inoue
President Inoue conducts safety patrols each year during National Safety Week and National Indus- trial Health Week. On July 5, 2018, he toured the Tokyo Civil Engineering Branch job site for the tunnel connecting the international terminal to the domestic terminal at Tokyo International
Specific Initiatives in Fiscal 2018:
Rededication to “Back to Basics” in Safety Management
In light of the fact that Shimizu is unable to prevent various kinds of falls (falls of two meters or more and falls of less than two meters) last fiscal year, we will make sure that all workers serve as the first line of defense against the risk of falls at job sites by using the lessons learned from past accidents. We will be diligent in operation of the PDCA cycle in work that carries a high risk of falls. Job site managers and the rest of the organization will maintain a firm awareness of not causing any acci- dents, and will make sure, when beginning work, that everyone, from supervisors at Shimizu up to the frontline workers, understands the accidents that might occur and the impact that such acci- dents have. After sharing the urgency of this mes- sage, they will adhere to work procedures.
  Developing Multiple Skills
Large steel frame construction projects have increased in recent years, mainly in the Greater Tokyo Metropolitan Area, and a busy period for specific types of construction unique to steel frame structures is anticipated. To provide work- ers skilled in types of construction not experienc- ing a busy period with the skills needed in types of construction that are experiencing a busy period, Shimizu established a practical training facility on the premises of an affiliated company in August 2017 and conducted training in the
Excellent Foremen
Since 2007, we have presented “Shimizu Crafts- man” awards on the anniversary of Shimizu’s founding to foremen who have achieved remark- able results in quality, safety, and environmental activities. In fiscal 2017, 26 foremen received the award, bringing the total number of Shimizu Craftsmen to 253. Excellent foremen who have
types of construction that will experience a busy period. Our purpose in doing so was to build a system of support that can be used should the supply of skilled workers tighten. As of June 2018, 90 employees have taken the skills acquisition course. This will support the acquisition of multi- functional skills in the future to address concerns over the future shortage in skilled workers. It will also improve productivity at job sites and enable workers who wish to continue working to work effectively even as they age.
been named as Shimizu Craftsmen are presented with a Shimizu Craftsman helmet and Craftsman card. We provide an excellent craftsmanship allowance to Craftsman card holders at all job sites in Japan, regardless of whether they have foreman responsibilities or not.
% 2.00
1.50 1.00 0.50
0
Trend in Accident Frequency Rate
1.58 1.66 1.61 1.63 1.66  2017 (42 incidents)
2016 (52 incidents)
Falls of less than 2 meters
Falls of two meters or more
Slips and trips
Getting caught
Other
1.25 0.91 0.92
0.64
0.81
0.47
0.77
0.60 0.59 0.53
 All Industries
Construction Industry
Accidents by Type
Shimizu
Flying and falling objects
Other
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
       Falls of two meters or more
     Falls of less than 2 meters
Slips and trips
Getting caught
Flying and falling objects
  0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90 100
  Airport. President
Inoue stressed
safety measures
that take the job
site construction
environment into consideration.
President Inoue on a safety patrol
 Shimizu Craftsman
Receives Excellent Foreman Award in Fiscal 2017I worked at a job site that had time limitations from working inside an educational facility in addition to the fact that the work was being performed during the busy year-end period. Moreover, the eaves of the steel frame building on each floor were finished with architectural concrete, so it was work that required a high level of accuracy and quality. The Shimizu employees, foremen responsible for other work, and the work- ers worked together during the daily meetings to closely coor- dinate the work. I think that the heartfelt communication and teamwork among everyone is what made such good work amid this environment. We will be happy if the young people with promising futures on the campus are able to see and touch this building and take an interest in construction in the future.
There is a building on a main street that I had a part in con- structing and the craftsmanship evident throughout the building gives me great pride. A formwork carpenter has many things to learn. I would like to continue to improve my own skills in put- ting safety first and pass on those skills to young workers.
Kazunori Matsumoto (formwork carpenter) NAKANOGUMI Co., Ltd.
Shikoku Branch construction of Himata Campus building at Matsuyama University
  Four Key Measures
1. To eliminate falls from all heights, first mitigate the risk by making sure the job site is safe, then make sure to always use a safety belt. Also conduct regular training on the risk of falls, including hands-on training in use of safety belt equipment and hazardous situations.
2. To eliminate accidents involving heavy equipment and cranes, take comprehensive precautions to prevent contact with vehicle-type construction machinery, prevent crane collapse, prevent three-point heavy equipment from falling over, and prevent runaway of drivable construction machinery.
3. To eliminate the collapse and fall of heavy objects, first confirm stability when handling steel frame, PC, or other heavy materials, then strictly follow the work procedures, and ensure safety in the construc- tion of tunnels.
4. To eliminate fires and accidents that cause damage to infrastructure, make a dedicated effort to use construction methods that do not use flames and take steps to visualize infrastructure in ongoing renovation work, etc.
                  48 Shimizu Corporate Report 2018
Shimizu Corporate Report 2018 49