Initiatives in Disaster Recovery
  Striving to Recover from Tsunami Damage Caused by the Great East Japan Earthquake
This describes the progress made on the main recovery projects Shimizu has been working on in the seven years since the Great East Japan Earthquake in 2011 to repair the damage caused by the tsu- nami along the coasts of Miyagi and Iwate Prefectures.
We continue to respond to the needs of these communities through construction work so that those affected by the disaster will have new places to live.
 Raising the Land Elevation in Areas that Were Flooded
We are raising the land elevation in areas that were damaged by flood- ing from the tsunami in the cities of Ishinomaki and Kesennuma in Miyagi Prefecture and Rikuzentakata in Iwate Prefecture. Housing and facili- ties that make life convenient have been built in residential develop- ments that have already been deliv- ered, and we are moving forward with city planning.
A large belt conveyor, which has now been removed, was used to transport soil and sand in the con- struction to raise the land elevation in Rikuzentakata City. This enabled the project to be completed quickly.
Progress on home construction on the deliv- ered development in the Takata district of Rikuzentakata City
Developing a Relocated Area on High Ground
We cleared a hilly area and relo- cated groups of homes on high ground at the same time we raised the land elevation in Ishinomaki and Rikuzentakata cities. We created 49 disaster-resilient shelters on high ground in Ishinomaki City, and deliv- ered the entire housing develop- ment by March 2018.
We also performed construction work on the Sanriku Expressway that runs through the Imaizumi district of Rikuzentakata. This sec- tion of the expressway opened in July 2018.
Progress on rebuilding lives in a seaside development on high ground on the penin- sula in Ishinomaki City
Futago residential housing in rows on a large development site in Ishinomaki City
Building Homes and Public Facilities
In the Shishiori district of Kesen- numa City, in Miyagi Prefecture, we built eight public housing complexes with a total floor area of 23,206 m2 in the delivered development after we completed work on raising the land elevation. The welfare center built at the same time will also be used as an evacuation shelter in the event of a disaster.
In the town of Minamisanriku in Miyagi Prefecture, we rebuilt the Togura Elementary School, which was completely destroyed by the tsunami, in a disaster-resilient relo- cation zone on high ground.
       Disaster-resilient public housing in Shishiori, Kesennuma City as the new community is being formed
Togura Elementary School in Minamisanriku