Compliance
 Compliance (Corporate Ethics and Compliance with Laws and Regulations)
Code of Conduct and Internal Company Structure
Initiatives to Ensure Compliance with the Antimonopoly Act
Outline of Measures to Prevent Recurrence
  1 Top management will take the lead on cultivating ethical values and working to ensure comprehensive compliance
All officers and employees will faithfully keep the Analects and the Abacus, which contains the basic principles of management, in mind. They will maintain high ethical values, maintain discipline in their own conduct, and lead by example. Executive management will continually endeavor to cultivate ethical values and ensure compliance.
Management will also enlist the cooperation of external experts in their efforts to instill high ethical values in officers and employees.
2 Strengthen compliance through organizational changes
The president will serve as the chairman of the Committee on Corporate Ethics, and the organization shall be under the direct control of the president, with assistance from external experts.
A new Corporate Ethics Office has been established. This office will ensure that everyone is aware of corporate ethics and will strengthen initiatives aimed at ensuring strict compliance by:
• Reorganizing the business structure
• Establishing a new general business headquarters to supervise the Building Construction Headquarters
and the Civil Engineering Headquarters
An officer in charge of compliance will be assigned to the general business headquarters.
The audit function will be strengthened by expanding the size of the Audit Department. Special audits on fair bidding will be performed on the main business projects company-wide.
3 Revise and strictly enforce the Code of Conduct
The existing Code of Conduct for Officers and Employees on Bidding Contracts (hereafter, the “Code of Conduct”), which is based on the compliance program for the Antimonopoly Act, has been revised to clarify the obligation to blow the whistle on violations and the rules on contact with other companies in the same industry. We will continue work to strictly enforce the Code of Conduct.
4 Strengthen compliance checks on specified projects
Checks have been strengthened on projects that pose a high risk of inviting actions that restrict competition because the number of competitors is effectively limited by the degree of technical difficulty, the size of the business, or other such factors.
5 Other measures
We will continue to implement existing measures based on the Code of Conduct. Such measures include a system of checks by department heads, rounds made by the Legal Department to different divisions to provide training and perform audits, and external whistleblowing system, and stricter internal disciplinary measures.
 Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct
Shimizu has formulated the Code of Ethics and Corporate Conduct and ensures that it is known to all employees, amid the current environment which calls upon companies to recognize their role in society and fulfill their social responsibilities. The purpose of the code is to help all officers and employees better understand how The Analects and the Abacus, which contains the basic management principles of Shimizu, applies to their work on a routine basis to enable them to act in line with the spirit of that code.
Establishing the Internal Company Structure
Shimizu has established a Committee on Corporate Ethics and the internal company structure
100% Attendance of Compliance Training
Compliance training for all employees
Shimizu also achieved a 100% participation rate in the e-learning that we offer to all Shimizu employees in fiscal 2017. Compliance training tailored to the circumstances of each department is also provided in each business department as needed, including the International Division.
Ensuring Strict Compliance at Group Companies as Well
Compliance conferences and other events are held at affiliated companies to align them with the Shimizu Group. A code and structure that aligns with Shimizu’s code and structure are also
necessary for strict, practical compliance with the Code of Corporate Ethics and Conduct by officers and employees.
Shimizu also established an internal whistle- blowing system, and established both internal and external contacts that employees can consult on compliance issues.
The Compliance
established in group companies and compliance training is provided for all employees.
Approximately 3,700 employees of group companies participated in training in fiscal 2017.
Compliance training held for national staff in Singapore
One specific action taken to cultivate awareness of ethical values and strict compliance was the “Learn about the Analects” training held for executive management. Participants deepened their understanding of The Analects and the Abacus and the Analects of Confucius. Shimizu will hold similar training sessions in the future on an ongoing basis.
To strengthen compliance through organizational changes, the Audit Department, which has
strengthened its audit function by expanding the
size of the department, made the rounds to each branch in Japan.
The Corporate Ethics Office and the Legal Department also made the rounds to each branch in Japan to hold training sessions on the revisions to the Code of Conduct and educate employees on how to prevent recurrence and ensure strict compliance.
 Hotline internal whistleblowing system
   Proper Management of Personal Information
 In the construction industry, companies retain personal information on customers, subcontractors, etc., and the personal information of employees obtained in the course of business activities.
Shimizu has established a Privacy Policy. We take the necessary and proper steps to safely manage such information based on the policy,
and properly manage personal information, including the national identification number. We have also revised our rules on the protection of personal information to conform with the revised Act on the Protection of Personal Information enacted in May 2017, and are implementing it appropriately.
“Learn about the Analects” training for executive management
52 Shimizu Corporate Report 2018
Shimizu Corporate Report 2018 53