Initiatives in CSR Procurement
On March 23, 2018, Shimizu Corporation was indicted for alleged violations of the Antimonopoly Act relating to a bid on a Chuo Shinkansen construction project. Shimizu formulated a Basic Procurement Policy and Things We Request of Our Suppliers to ensure fair and transparent procurement processes. We ask the vendors who make up our supply chain to comply with all laws and regulations on human rights and labor.
In fiscal 2017, we obtained confirmation of understanding from 100% of the vendors for 762 companies nationwide and began transactions with them. We also revised parts of the Things We Request of Our Suppliers in fiscal 2018. This was aimed at eradicating fraud in transactions.
These steps will enable us to implement even stricter compliance with laws and regulations.


Shimizu provides fair and equitable opportunities for competition to suppliers and strives to respond in good faith.
Shimizu complies with laws and regulations, social norms, and internal company rules, and observes sound and fair procurement practices.
Shimizu takes the environment into consideration in its procurement activities, in accordance with the corporate Basic Environmental Policy.
Shimizu works together with suppliers to maintain and improve quality.
Shimizu strives to build good partnerships and to achieve mutual improvement in technical skills, based on a mutual relationship of trust.

In the past, Shimizu has conducted compliance training nationwide for the subcontractors we do business with. From fiscal 2017 onward, we have clearly specified and standardized the topics for compliance training. The purpose of this is to work together with subcontractors to ensure that all measures are implemented rapidly and to improve the effectiveness of compliance measures.
The first compliance training conducted was focused on the eradication of fraudulent transactions and 3,077 people from 2,927 companies nationwide attended the training.
In fiscal 2018, we are conducting compliance training on the topics of compliance, eradicating
fraudulent transactions, labor and employment, and information security.
We will continue to pursue a fair and trans- parent CSR procurement, in cooperation with subcontractors.