                     Annual Report
 2020
                                                            
                                                                                   Takashi Goto President and CEO
To Our Stakeholders
Taking on new challenges to bring smiles to
all of our stakeholders in the post-pandemic era
The slogan of the Seibu Group is “Smiles ahead,” which reflects our vision to provide outstanding and customer-friendly services that make people smile. Under that slogan, the Group has contributed to society as a company that supports people’s daily lives. However, since the beginning of 2020, with the spread of COVID-19, the world is now facing a big challenge. The gravity of this situation has led people to completely rethink their values amid rapidly changing business conditions. Therefore, we cannot expect the precedents and common sense of the past to fully apply in the future, even after the pandemic has been contained. With that in mind, we intend to take on every challenge while working to achieve sustainable growth and to raise the Seibu Group’s corporate value over the medium and long terms.
In this annual report, we provide an overview of the business strategies illustrating our conglomerate synergy and initiatives for achieving the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals, as well as the path we are taking to offer even more value in the years to come. We are sincerely committed to bringing benefits and satisfaction to all the Group’s stakeholders and everyone else, and we look forward to your continuing support into the future.
 Contents
Close Up! ....... How the Seibu Group Creates Value
Seibu Group’s Footprint Value Creation Process
P. 2
 2. How the Seibu Group Creates Value
2. Seibu Group’s Footprint
4. Value Creation Process
6. Message from the President
10. Feature: Business Division Discussion
16. Feature: An example of how to generate synergy
within a conglomerate
18. Financial Highlights
20. Financial and Capital Strategies
22. The Seibu Group’s Business Strategy
22. Business Segments
24. Urban Transportation and Regional Business 26. Hotel and Leisure Business
28. Real Estate Business
30. Construction, Hawaii, and Other Businesses 31. Reorganization of reportable segments
32. Management Approach for Creating Value
32. Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Managing Officers
34. Corporate Governance
38. Roundtable Discussion with the President
and Outside Directors
44. Sustainability Actions
50. Response to the COVID-19 Pandemic
52. Financial Section
52. Six-Year Financial Overview
54. Analysis of Operating Results and Financial Position 56. Consolidated Financial Statements
60. Seibu Group Subsidiaries and Business Facilities 61. Information for Investors
 Message from the President.................... P. 6 The Seibu Group is preparing for
 the post-pandemic era
Feature ................................................... P. 10
[Business Division Discussion] Promoting strategies to generate a conglomerate premium
 [An example of how to generate synergy within a conglomerate]
Tokorozawa Area Development Project
 Cover photo: MetLife Dome
Editorial Policy
Roundtable Discussion with the President and Outside Directors............................ P. 38
The role of the Board of Directors in generating conglomerate synergy
 The Seibu Group considers it important to present initiatives for long-term, sustainable growth in a comprehensive manner that enables all stakeholders to gain a clear understanding. This includes presenting financial information, including overviews of performance and business activities, as well as management strategies, in addition to nonfinancial information, including that relating to human resources, local communities, the environment, safety and security, and governance. Based on this stance, while providing enhanced and integrated both of financial and nonfinancial information, this report has been prepared with reference to the International Integrated Reporting Framework provided by the International Integrated Reporting Council, and the Guidance for Integrated Corporate Disclosure and Company-Investor Dialogues for Collaborative Value Creation formulated by Japan’s Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry. Accordingly, this report compiles and presents highly important information for understanding the Seibu Group. For further details, please refer to our corporate website and other communication media.
 株式会社西武ホールディングス

                                                                  Group Vision
The Seibu Group's Goal
Adhering to our founding spirit of Appreciation and Service,
the Seibu Group embraces its philosophy, declaration and corporate slogan
as the collective corporate vision.
"The Group Philosophy" represents what the group must do
and we are uniquely capable of doing.
"The Group Philosophy" signifies our fundamental, unchanging idea
which serves as the starting point of all our activities.
"The Group Declaration" is the Seibu Group's important promise to society and our customers. It also serves as a guide for the conduct of every employee of the group.
Action Guidelines on how to provide customers with active and moving experiences
The Group Declaration
Our aim is to be professionals promoting customers’ activities for rich experiences.
1. Be earnest
Engage in all businesses and services with safety as their foundation. Open- and fair-minded in our conduct.
Respect the opinions of our customers and the members of our local communities.
2. Walk together
Mindful of the natural and global environment.
Act as a member of our local community.
Proactively cooperate with entities within and outside our group.
3. Meet challenges
Act from a global perspective.
Offer new services in anticipation of the coming times [new innovations].
                The Seibu Group's unchanging basic
 approach + The Group Philosophy
All of us at the Seibu Group work to help develop the local communities, as well as society at large, to protect the environment, and to provide safe, pleasant services for memorable experiences.
We also proudly and responsibly meet the challenge of creating the kind of new services that will move
customers.
Period Covered
      Vision Book
We give a copy of our Vision Book to all officers and employees to promote the Group Vision and ensure that it permeates the corporate organization.
Bring exciting new experiences to our customers’ lives.
英文ロゴ
 April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2020
Please note that some matters that fall outside this period are also reported. Fiscal years referred to in this report cover the period from April 1 to March 31. Fiscal 2019 refers to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
Regarding Earnings Forecasts
Earnings forecasts and other forward-looking statements contained in this report have been prepared based on certain assumptions about uncertainties and information available as of the date of publication. Actual results may differ from the forward-looking statements.
Annual Report 2020 1

 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
Seibu Group’s Footprint
Foundation and Expansion
Stock market delisting
2004
Trust shaken by delisting from the stock market
While continuing to enjoy remarkable growth, the Seibu Group faced a scandal in 2004 when payoffs to a corporate racketeer and false statements in the Seibu Railway securities report came to light. This resulted in delisting on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, leading to the company’s removal from the First Section, with damaging consequences for trust among customers, shareholders, and other stakeholders.
  1892 〜
Founding spirit of appreciation and service, Supporting Japan’s modernization through railways combined with land development
 The Seibu Group’s origins date back to 1892, when Kawagoe Railway started operations. Back then, Japan’s railway network was still in its dawn. Two decades later, Musashino Railway was founded and the forerunner of Seibu Railway began to develop operations in the western part of the capital, Tokyo. At the time, the Japanese public had great hopes for railways: the dramatic boost to the efficiency of transporting passengers and goods was considered essential to the country’s modernization. To play a part in building the new nation, Musashino Railway worked hard at its business, a combination of railway and land development, with the founding spirit of appreciation and service. One point that was emphasized in
Musashino’s business rollout was not to develop housing, vacation homes, and tourist facilities at isolated locations, but rather to link a large number of these locations together with railways, roads, and other infrastructure in a wide local area of a similar type demonstrated by the resort development of the Hakone district. This approach, which also raises the value of surrounding areas, has been passed down in the Seibu Group’s DNA together with the founding spirit.
  1950 〜
Business expansion and rapid growth as an enterprise bringing convenience and leisure
During Japan’s post-war reconstruction and the subsequent period of rapid economic growth, and on through the transition from the Showa to the Heisei era, Seibu’s business diversified
and grew. Throughout that period, the Seibu Group continued to show the way to improve convenience and leisure in everyday life through our businesses, which included a railway network that grew because of mutual through-services with subway operators and other improvements, hotels in a rich range from city to resort locations, leisure businesses that offered extraordinary experiences, and the development of urban environments radiating individuality and a cultured atmosphere. The creation of the Seibu Lions professional baseball team also helped the Seibu Group’s brand gain wider public awareness.
  2
Seibu Holdings Inc.

Rebuilding Growth and new market development
   2006
Group structure reformed around the key focus of distinguishing between “essential” and “nonessential” assets and by concentrating on core businesses
To restore lost trust, at the same time as working to restructure the Group around the key focus on “essential” and “nonessential” assets, Seibu created a Group Vision. Employee morale had slumped due to severe public criticism, but this was an important step toward coming together in the spirit of Group rebuilding. A project team was put together and employees took the lead in rethinking Seibu’s role and what we could do to serve local communities. Finally, on March 27, 2006, the Group restructuring was completed and the Group Vision was launched.
2014
Stock market relisting after the difficult path of rebuilding
The Group united around efforts to maximize corporate value, including improving operational profitability; ensuring comprehensive adoption and embedding of compliance practices; and establishing internal controls. These initiatives bore fruit on April 23 with the successful listing of the company’s stock on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
2016
Opening Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho
On the former site of the Grand Prince Hotel Akasaka, which closed down in 2011, Seibu opened the multi-purpose complex Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho, a project that cost over ¥100 billion. Providing comfortable office space, a quality hotel, attractive commercial facilities, highly convenient residential units, and other features, this is one of the Seibu’s biggest deals that illustrated our corporate synergy.
20XX
Long-term vision as
a Group positively
contributing to
customers’ daily lives
In 2019, we completed construction of the office building DaiyaGate Ikebukuro, a new landmark for the Ikebukuro district. Going forward, as the world enters the post- COVID era, with values changing and merging into universal values, Seibu will continue working toward our long-term vision as a Group that contributes positively to our customers’ daily lives.
   Inbound tourism market boom drove the growth of Prince Hotels
2017
Acquisition of
the Australia’s StayWell Hospitality Group
The acquisition of the StayWell Hospitality Group, which operates mainly in Australia, represented a first stepping stone toward further global expansion. Drawing on StayWell’s global development strengths and business management expertise, we targeted rapid hotel development in Oceania and Asia as well as the Middle East and Europe, resulting in revenue growth from the overseas hotel business.
 Annual Report 2020 3

   How the Seibu Group Creates Value
  Value Creation Process
We provide valuable services and conduct business activities with sustainability in mind. By creating corporate value based on this approach, the Seibu Group tackles issues facing communities and society in the spirit of our Group Vision: “Smiles ahead.”
Falling birth-rate and an aging population
Social issues
Strategies t
DX/marketing Strategy
Investment
that takes into account the cost of capital
Collaboration
inside and outside the Group
Foundation
      Climate change
Supporting growth with financial and non-financial capital
(Fiscal year ended March 31, 2020)
1 Social and relationship capital
・Seibu Railway passengers: 661,988 thousand
・Prince Hotel brand—Japan’s largest hotel chain
2 Financial capital
・Total assets: ¥1,707.7 billion (As of March 31, 2020)
・Capital investment: ¥86.9 billion
3 Human capital
・Consolidated employee total: 23,504 (as of March 31, 2020)
4 Manufacturing capital
・Seibu Railway passenger operation-kilometers: 176.6 km ・Number of Prince Hotel rooms
(domestic): 17,389
・Owns considerable land in Tokyo’s
23 wards
5 Natural capital
・CO2 emissions volume: 667,073
metric tons CO2
6 Intellectual capital
・Long record of expertise in railway and hotel operations
・Extensive customer data from diverse customer contact points
oward
           Group Vision Smiles ahead
P. 1
The Group + The Group Philosophy Declaration
         Changing values and behaviors
     Categories
   Restricted mobility due to infectious diseases and geopolitical risk
Corporate Governance
P. 34
Customer safety
 Environmental conservation
  Community engagement
  Corporate culture
  4 Seibu Holdings Inc.
                
    Services ensuring safety and security
   Economic value created
Operation of businesses,
generation of cash flow
・Increase in value in our catchment areas through development of areas around stations, for example Tokorozawa, and the creation of tourist demand
・Global hotel chain with 250 hotels in Japan and overseas
・Increase of earnings in Takanawa, Shinagawa and other areas with high potential
・Rollout of services using digital base Increase in corporate value,
strengthening our operating base
・Diverse human resources ・Expansion and maximization of staff
skills
・Improvement in employees’ satisfaction
・Reduction of CO2 emissions per unit of operating revenue by 25% over fiscal 2018 by fiscal 2030
   Key Objectives
    Ensure safety an
d reliability
     Greenhouse gas reduction, Waste reduction, Ensuring water supply, Protecting forest and species
     Invigoration of railroad corridor and local communities, Improving accessibility through universal design, Aging population and low birthrate
     Work style reforms, Recruiting diverse workforce, Human resources development and Human resource management, Compliance
               our target profile
・Cultivation of customer loyalty through the Group’s membership program
・Provision of total services using customer information database
・Innovations based on
ICT (information and communication technology)
・Rollout of new services using Group assets
・Value increase through upgrading leisure facilities along our railway lines
・Progress with large-scale redevelopment projects in the Tokyo area
・Initiatives matched to new lifestyles, for example coworking office space, commercial facilities with direct access from stations
・Provision of MaaS and other seamless mobility services
・Leveraging operational capabilities and networks of our wide range of hotels in Japan and overseas
・Strengthening the Sports business
for value creation
New consumer experiences
    Social value created
Areas combining everyday life with value from recreation
Realization of Group Vision
      Sustainability Actions
P. 44
     Building
a society oriented to saving energy and recycling/reusing resources
  Annual Report 2020 5

 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
Message from the President
The Seibu Group is preparing for the post-pandemic era
Overview of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
  Takashi Goto President and CEO
  Dramatic changes in the operating environment from the fourth quarter
In the fiscal 2019, consolidated financial results worsened in comparison with the previous fiscal year, although revenue and profit growth was posted until the third quarter. Operating revenue decreased by ¥11.3 billion to ¥554.5 billion and operating profit fell by ¥16.5 billion to ¥56.8 billion, both coming up short of our targets. These declines were mainly due to the outbreak of COVID-19, which we believe had a negative impact of ¥20.6 billion on operating revenue and ¥15.3 billion on operating profit. Furthermore, profit attributable to owners of parent dropped substantially (by ¥40.7 billion) to ¥4.6 billion, partially as a result of impairment losses totaling ¥24.3 billion. Despite these disappointing results, however, management set the annual dividend at ¥30 per share, the same amount as in the previous fiscal year.
Our response to the COVID-19 outbreak
The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been devastating for people around the world. For risk management, top managers consider worst case scenarios all the time, but after the new coronavirus started spreading in January, I sensed that the countermeasures required were different than the conventional responses for risk management and even assumed that it would become impossible to hold the Tokyo
   6
Seibu Holdings Inc.

Olympic and Paralympic Games in the summer of 2020.
Given the growing seriousness of the outbreak, in meetings held by the Board of
Directors and executive officers in February, I instructed management to start devising countermeasures that would give the highest priority to the health and safety of employees and customers. By February 26, we required all employees to wear masks on the job, to gargle regularly, and to wash their hands using alcohol-based sanitizers. We also started asking employees to telecommute, and provided all companies in the Seibu Group with procedures to take if anyone became infected.
About a month later, as the impact of the pandemic spread worldwide, the Japanese government declared a state of emergency (effective from April 7) strongly advising residents not to go outside unless it was absolutely necessary. Accordingly, Group company Prince Hotels, Inc., suspended operations of hotels nationwide, leaving only five open (in Tokyo and Nagoya).
Along with disclosing our annual financial results on May 26, we announced the cancellation of our new medium-term management plan and left the financial forecasts undecided for the fiscal 2020. As well, we reduced the monthly salaries of directors serving at Seibu Holdings and our main subsidiaries by up to 30% effective April for the time being during these unprecedented times.
From then onward, we had to assume that the extremely challenging business conditions would continue as long the spread of COVID-19 remained a risk. Therefore, we asked many employees of the Group to accept temporary business closures and reduce their working hours as much as possible. I believed it was only natural for directors to make sacrifices too, as well as to spearhead the Group’s initiatives to deal with these extraordinary circumstances. Therefore, I have used our salary reductions in May as a driving force to push forward, and we will strive to overcome the obstacles confronting the Group as quickly as possible in various ways.
Reaffirming the Seibu Group's purpose and role in society
When I worked in the banking industry, I led the effort to oversee integrated personnel affairs at a merged bank and implemented reforms at a bank that had been exposed for misconduct. Based on those experiences, I was appointed president of Seibu Railway Co., Ltd. in 2005 after it was revealed that Seibu had made false statements in securities reports in 2004, the previous year. When the Seibu Group was subsequently restructured, we established a slogan to symbolize our important bonds with customers and members of society. Since then, I have worked hard to ensure that all employees fully understand that maintaining and nurturing these bonds is the Seibu Group’s purpose and role in society.
Today, as we face a crisis like never before, Group companies have done their best to ensure the safety and security of passengers and customers, and we have offered the use of hotels for coronavirus patients with mild symptoms. Through these initiatives, I believe the Seibu Group is fulfilling our responsibility as a social infrastructure provider. In keeping with the spirit of our slogan, I want the Group to continue contributing to community and regional development, to protect the natural environment, and to provide safe and comfortable services.
I regularly tell employees of the importance of smiling for raising one’s spirits when feeling down. Especially today, we must think about how and in what ways we want to
Group Vision
The Group Vision expresses the future that everyone working in the Seibu Group strives toward with dedication and purpose. President Goto, himself, always carries the Vision Book with him and emphasizes the importance of maintaining a strong awareness of the Group Vision within the Seibu Group.
(See page 1)
     Annual Report 2020 7

 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
  Former Toshimaen site
An agreement was reached on August 18, 2020 to develop a section of the Toshimaen site as a theme park called Warner Bros. Studio Tour Tokyo—The Making of Harry Potter. Arrangements are being made with the related authorities to construct this facility in time for a planned opening in the first half of 2023. Various promotional plans are also being considered, including renovations to Toshimaen Station, with a view to creating more prosperity and raising value along Seibu Railway lines. https://ssl4.eir-parts.net/doc/9024/ announcement8/60374/00.pdf
serve our customers as a leading enterprise that supports people’s lives. People are stressed by the limitations and inconveniences caused by COVID-19, so we need to cheer them up and offer some excitement as service industry professionals through the wide range of services and entertainment that we offer, including railway lines, hotels, and the Saitama Seibu Lions professional baseball team.
People’s permanent desire to travel despite the pandemic
It has only been a short time since COVID-19 began spreading rapidly around the world, so we will need to objectively analyze the full impact of the pandemic over a longer time span. Our department that specializes in new business creation, the Seibu Laboratory, has been conducting research by surveys to understand how the situation has led to changes in everyday consumer values and behavior. In my view, however, predictions of the pandemic causing major structural shifts in markets and industries are too pessimistic. It is hard to be optimistic when seeing the current restrictions on travel, but freedom of movement is not only a basic desire for people but also a universal value.
In Japan, while entry restrictions on travelers from almost every country remain in place, our focus in the short term will be on reviving domestic travel by tapping into demand from people who would normally travel overseas, estimated at around 20 million. Amid a devastated domestic tourism industry, we must make the Group’s Prince Hotel chain more resilient, stable, and capable of sustainably raising corporate value. On June 1 we reopened major hotels, including the Karuizawa Prince Hotel, but every tourist area has been seriously affected by travel restrictions and low demand. Therefore, we are giving a high priority to rebuilding our strong bonds with a wide range of stakeholders, including loyal customers and long-established business partners. Nevertheless, more time may be needed to fully assess the outlook for the struggling domestic travel industry.
Over the medium to long term, I am convinced that the essence of the Seibu Group’s tourism-related businesses, which includes three sectors, railways, hotels, and real estate are dependent on peace. When people travel, they and the local people share and learn about each other’s communities and values. After international travel restrictions are lifted, the Japanese government should redouble efforts to attract tourists as a key element of the country’s growth strategy.
Leveraging the Group’s unique combination of businesses
As I emphasized in last year’s annual report, synergies generated by the Seibu Group being a conglomerate is one of our strengths. I recognize that investors are concerned about how conglomerates are managed and I take their criticisms seriously. In the Seibu Group’s case, however, the unique combination of our three main business segments— railways, hotels, and real estate—gives us unrivalled competitive advantages.
For example, we are one of the largest landholders in central Tokyo where we can develop areas in coordination with our hotel operations. To make full use of this real estate, we are moving ahead with redevelopment projects in districts in Takanawa, Shinagawa, and Shibakoen.
There are various potential opportunities along Seibu Railway lines to attract more customers. The renovation of Seibuen Amusement Park and the Harry Potter theme park
 8 Seibu Holdings Inc.

on the site of the former Toshimaen Amusement Park are part of them. On our line, in addition to seismically reinforcing the land, we have the Moomin Valley Park and the home ground of the Saitama Seibu Lions, one of Japan’s 12 professional baseball teams.
At the same time, we launched, in the fiscal 2020, an app for our SEIBU PRINCE CLUB customer membership system. By providing services which increase convenience and attractiveness of our commercial facilities, transportation and hotel operations, we will have more opportunities to take advantage of our strength as a group.
Setting a target to reduce our environmental burden to combat global warming
Aiming to help realize a sustainable society, the Seibu Group has created a sustainability action plan that has 12 key objectives organized under four categories.
Accordingly, we set up a system for all Group companies to compile environmental performance data. Then, recognizing the importance of curbing global warming, we set a new target to reduce CO2 emissions per unit of revenue by 25% by fiscal 2030 compared with the fiscal 2018 level. Seibu Holdings issued green bonds totaling ¥10 billion in December 2019 to repay loans used for purchasing the all-new, energy-efficient "Laview" limited express trains, as well as 40000-series commuter trains and financing the construction of the Seibu Takeyama Solar Power Station by the Group’s solar power business. In addition, based on our sustainability action plan, we made progress in entering the agriculture industry with a new business.
Finally, we established a Seibu Group Sustainability Committee and an organization tasked with leading these activities to ensure that the entire Group will continuously, proactively, and systematically carry out sustainability initiatives going forward. In these ways, we hope to contribute to society through our business activities while raising corporate value in the years ahead.
SEIBU PRINCE CLUB
This is a membership service that allows members to use any of the Seibu Group’s facilities. It guarantees the best rate for Prince Hotels and provides preferential service to members when using the Seibu Group’s facilities, including golf courses nationwide and ski areas.
https://emi.seibugroup.jp/en/
Sustainability Actions
Based on our Group Vision, the Seibu Group has been carrying out initiatives related to the United Nation’s Sustainability Development Goals (SDGs) to help realize a sustainable society. After considering social issues, business conditions, and other factors, the Group has chosen 12 key objectives organized into four categories (safety and security, environmental conservation, community engagement, and corporate culture) for the specific initiatives to pursue, and we are implementing these initiatives in line with our key objectives (see pages 44 to 49).
    Annual Report 2020 9

 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
Business Division Discussion
       Promoting strategies to generate a conglomerate premium
Conglomerate premium (synergy) is a core part of the Seibu Group’s competitive edge, but how can we emphasize this competitive strength and generate new value? Here, executives from various corporate departments give their perspectives on strategies to increase corporate value, discussing the related potential, their assessment of the present situation, and their perception of issues.
 The strengths of each business and creation of a conglomerate premium with a long-term outlook
 10
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Feature
● Masaaki Arahara Responsible for Hotel and Leisure
In the hotel and leisure business, we have framed a vision of becoming the industry’s number one hotel and leisure group. We aim to roll out a range of different hotel formats to grow to a scale of around 250 hotels by 2030. As concrete steps so far, we have expanded existing brands, and in 2019 we also opened branches of the members-only hotel brand PRINCE VACATION CLUB at Karuizawa and Izu. We also plan, by the end of the year, to launch Prince Smart Inn, a limited-service hotel brand that makes optimal use of information technology. Overseas, we acquired the Australian hotel operator StayWell Hospitality Group in 2017,
and subsequently acquired a hotel in London that we opened last year as The Prince Akatoki London. These are some of our initiatives to steadily build partnership platforms in Japan and overseas.
The Seibu Group’s strength is that we own assets not only in central Tokyo but throughout Japan, and this is a subject that adds to the synergy with other businesses. As we saw with the example of Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho, which opened in 2016, comprehensive developments that include office, commercial, and residential space alongside hotel accommodation can maximize real estate value. Currently, we operate highly profitable hotels in locations such as Takanawa, Shinagawa, and Shibakoen, but I think that we could
Takeo Harada Head of the President's Office
and General Manager of the Corporate Strategy Department, Corporate Planning Division
Note: The roundtable discussion was held in June, 2020 with sufficient consideration on countermeasures against COVID-19.
Masaki Tanaka General Manager,
Business Strategy Department I, Urban Transportation and Regional
Corporate Planning Division
  
         Masaaki Arahara Managing Officer,
General Manager,
Business Strategy Department II, Hotel and Leisure
Corporate Planning Division
realize a higher degree of conglomerate premiums by carrying out large-scale redevelopments going forward.
● Hideaki Matsumura Responsible for Real Estate
I agree. Having the potential of the areas served by our railways as well as high-quality real estate in central Tokyo is one of our strengths. If we develop large-scale multipurpose complexes like the one we mentioned just now at Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho, we will attract customers coming for a range of purposes, not just existing hotel guests and people attending conferences and other events, but also, for instance, office workers and shoppers, whose diverse needs we can respond to as a Group. From the viewpoint of asset value, I think there will also be a synergetic effect where a high-end hotel boosts the value of the attached office space.
Looking at synergies with the railway, increasing real
estate development along our railway lines means the population we serve will obviously grow, which will lead to increased passenger numbers. By carrying out development integrated with the railway business, we can improve convenience in a way unique to the Seibu Group. An example is Tokorozawa Station, where the ticket gates were relocated to provide a direct link with the commercial facility Grand Emio Tokorozawa. Going forward, we will continue to collaborate with the railway on projects including the development of the Tokorozawa area, projects to use the land freed up by continuing grade separation, development of rental apartments, and the renovation of commercial facilities.
The spread of telecommuting and other trends have sparked concern that demand for offices in central Tokyo will decline in the future. Nevertheless, I think that, with the high-quality locations of our assets, we will still be able to attract customers even in this changing environment, so I think we need to carry on creating appealing developments and services. I think we should also use our advantage of having assets located along our railway lines to look at coworking office spaces and other options. That would allow us to capture demand for suburban satellite offices as well as for headquarters
Hideaki Matsumura General Manager,
Business Strategy Department III, Real Estate
Corporate Planning Division
 Kenji Tanaka General Manager,
Seibu Laboratory, Corporate Planning Division
 Prince Smart Inn, limited-service hotel brand
 This hotel brand is designed to be functional, convenient and comfortable from reservation to check-in and check- out. Operations are due to begin in the fall of 2020 at Ebisu and Atami (see page 27).
 Annual Report 2020 11

 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
   offices in high-quality central Tokyo locations.
● Masaki Tanaka
Responsible for Urban Transportation and Regional
One of our strengths lies in the stability offered by our urban transportation and regional business. This is based on an area with a catchment population of approximately 5.5 million in the cities of Saitama- Tokorozawa, Chichibu, and Kawagoe, which are served from our terminal stations at Ikebukuro and Shinjuku in Tokyo. Starting the year before last and carrying on into last year, we held discussions within Seibu Railway with different staff levels, from corporate officers and managerial staff to younger employees, to think about what kind of company we should be in ten years. As a result, we came up with a set of seven business strategies.
To encapsulate our target profile in a single phrase, we want to be a “platform for people’s lives.” That means using the railway business as a base to offer the people who live in our catchment areas a range of services that bring convenience to all aspects of living, from daily life and work to leisure.
In the areas served by our railways, we want to support people’s daily lives, for instance, by offering projects related to wellness, sports, and support for childrearing. For work life, we want to create facilities
that support diverse workstyles. To support leisure life, we are renovating Seibuen Amusement Park, and have succeeded in inviting a Harry Potter theme park on the site of the former Toshimaen Amusement Park. By providing services in response to the values and needs of our changing times, we want to make the areas along our railway lines places where people are proud to live.
Up to now, the railway business had a strong connection with the real estate business, but I would also like to investigate the synergy from integrating our business with the hotel business. For instance, by combining accommodation and food/drink services with mobility as a service (MaaS), we could develop as a hotel group through awareness among people in our catchment areas, so that commuters and people registered with MaaS apps would come to know and love the Prince Hotel brand.
● Takeo Harada
Corporate Strategy Department
Since around August last year, Seibu Holdings has been having internal discussions ahead of the announcement of our new medium-term management plan, in which we intend to define the target profile for the Seibu Group ten years from now and set out clearly marked milestones along the way. Unfortunately, due to the COVID-19 crisis, we have had to cancel the launch of that plan. We continue to experience business conditions with unprecedented challenges, but we intend to create opportunities for the ideas of all of our general managers to flourish.
I think digital is, of course, an important keyword in all of this. Previously, it was difficult to profile individual railway and hotel customers based on their behavior, emotions, and so on, but I think digital will offer a very important tool for us to accumulate data so that we can offer services tailored to different customers. I envisage
 Seibu Railway’s seven business strategies
 ・Safe and secure services ・Building local networks ・Improving railway speed ・Seamless mobility services (MaaS) ・Support for daily life
・Support for work life ・Support for leisure life
 12
Seibu Holdings Inc.

    the profile for the Seibu Group through seeing how we can provide total services for customer lifestyles by combining the Group’s physical customer contact points and services with the new technology.
● Kenji Tanaka Seibu Laboratory
There were many difficulties associated with generating a conglomerate premium based on the individual
● Kenji Tanaka Seibu Laboratory
I think the phrase ”excess leisure” describes the future we are facing. The evolution of various technologies means people will be able to do whatever they want without leaving home. As a result, there will be an age of leisure in which people have excess free time. What the Seibu Group wants to offer for this age is services based not on arranging products, but on arranging time.
Faced with the sudden reality of life with and after COVID-19, at Seibu Laboratory we have been investigating the possible consequences of the general change in values and behavior patterns. As well as sharing our findings with the other corporate departments, we have attempted to translate them into new policies. The Seibu Group slogan is "Smiles ahead," which reflects our motto of bringing smiles to people on the move, and although I think some of us are worried about the future, given the present situation, I don’t think our customers will stop going out altogether. In fact, it’s perfectly possible that physical trips out of the home will instead become more valued. By offering an increased sense of safety and security, providing worthwhile content, and rolling out other strategies that
properties of our conventional physical assets—hotels, railways, and so on. However, with a digital approach, I think we can generate new Group synergies. One way of realizing that aim is the SEIBU PRINCE CLUB app, which I think we could use as a platform for integrated management of our customer database to analyze the behavior of customers who use that app and to create positive experiences.
involve the Group in a united way, I think we will be able to carry on with business activities that honor our slogan, despite the COVID-19 crisis.
● Takeo Harada
Corporate Strategy Department
Until now, we had built up separate business models for railway, hotels, and real estate, but, although it hasn’t changed the essence of the businesses, the COVID-19 crisis has changed their content, and, interestingly, the barriers between segments have been lowered. For instance, up to now, the idea of working during the daily commute was an impossible fantasy, but the use of seat reservations makes it possible. I think that staggered
 Life with and after COVID-19, as seen by Seibu Holdings New value that Seibu can deliver uniquely as a conglomerate
  Seibu Laboratory
 Seibu Laboratory is a specialist department set up in April 2017 within the Seibu Holdings Corporate Planning Division to create new business fields through free thinking and innovation. In January 2019, we launched the business creation program SWING, under which we are working to commercialize ideas submitted from a wide range of people inside and outside the company.
 Annual Report 2020 13

 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
   14
Seibu Holdings Inc.
working hours and other trends will accelerate moves in that direction. There also seems to be an overall trend for place where people work becoming irrelevant, and we can see that in working from home and on “workcations,” or continuing to work while vacationing at a resort.
Instead of ownership, sharing services are booming recently. With the COVID-19 crisis, the potential of Karuizawa (a resort area) has increased. As well, the PRINCE VACATION CLUB, which began operation last year, is a perfect example of sharing rather than owning, so I think evolving our separate models for real estate, hotels, and railways to generate a Group premium will give us increased opportunities to try out a range of variations for service.
● Kenji Tanaka Seibu Laboratory
Precisely because we are asset owners, we can respond flexibly and speedily to changes in customer values and behavior patterns. If we were leasing, we would lose time dealing with the owners in negotiations and so on. I think that is one area where the advantages of asset ownership will emerge.
● Hideaki Matsumura Responsible for Real Estate
The COVID-19 crisis has stimulated telecommuting and online commerce, so I think there will be a change in what is required from offices and commercial properties. But in the office sector, telecommuting is a barrier to the communication needed for working together and it slows down decision-making, and issues like these are becoming apparent now. Similarly, as with commercial properties, things are lost with the remote nature of online business, like textural quality, atmosphere, and chance encounters, so I think the demand for physical spaces will continue.
I want to move ahead with developments that makes the most of the strengths we have from our high-quality physical assets. This needs to be done in collaboration with the railway and hotel businesses, at the same time incorporating new technologies and digital elements, and while capitalizing on changing needs.
● Masaki Tanaka
Responsible for Urban Transportation and Regional
As workstyles change, I think there will also be a change in the criteria people apply when choosing where to live. I want to collaborate with the real estate business in urban planning to promote quality living environments with a good work-life balance.
Within our catchment area, I think Tokorozawa has the potential to become just such a location. I look forward to working through the Seibu Laboratory’s network to take on board new ideas, including using digital technology.
● Masaaki Arahara Responsible for Hotel and Leisure
The COVID-19 crisis will definitely create new market needs. Above all, I think it’s important to adopt an attitude of responding flexibly to those needs. For instance, in meetings, conventions, and weddings, and in other operations where banqueting and meeting rooms are used, changes are bound to be required in the future from the viewpoint of social distancing. Because adopting digital elements will help us to adapt flexibly to the changes, I think that will allow us to take advantage of being a chain operation.
To give a concrete example, I think it would be possible to arrange remote weddings so that when a wedding reception is held in Tokyo, for instance, relatives in Hokkaido could participate at a Prince Hotel in Hokkaido. Introducing digital elements would enable people to participate remotely, and serving them the

    same dishes as in Tokyo could produce a real sense of contact, which would be an opportunity to create added value. I think the ability to use digital technology to maximize the potential of customer contact points is a Group strength.
● Takeo Harada
Corporate Strategy Department
I think that sports is, of course, another keyword for the Seibu Group. The Seibu Lions is a kind of symbol for us, and I think the COVID-19 crisis has sharply reminded us that golf, tennis, skiing, and other sports as a whole are deeply connected with everyday life. I think that applies to all of society. The Seibu Group has created a new sports business and by spanning the range from daily life through to extraordinary experiences, we would like to get closer to our customers more than before.
I think that sports have a strong affinity with digital. We are looking into content that would allow people to enjoy Seibu Lions baseball games without going to the stadium, but there is more potential for digital businesses and new businesses, so I think there is certainly room for growth using sports as an entry point.
● Kenji Tanaka Seibu Laboratory
In times of crisis like today, I’m frequently reminded that we have an important mission to broaden customers’ activities and experiences. As we mentioned just now, people may feel uneasy about attending a reception in Tokyo, but using technology, we can replace that unease with a more moving experience. So, in our activities going forward, whether it’s to do with mobility as a service (MaaS) or telecommuting, we have to dig deep to find out exactly what consumers’ needs and experiences are, and then respond with an appropriate range of services. That is the kind of consumer perspective that I want to emphasize in our new business initiatives.
The Seibu Group has the human resources and the range of business fields to meet people’s essential requirements. By integrating these resources with new technology through digital applications, we can learn to meet those needs in a different way than before. Looking ahead to the next ten years, I think there are tremendous opportunities.
 Annual Report 2020 15

 How the Seibu Group Creates Value
 Feature: An example of how to generate synergy within a conglomerate
Tokorozawa Area Development Project
 From a town that you pass through to a town that you want to work, live and step foot in
Tokorozawa Station, the Seibu Line's largest terminal station in Saitama Prefecture, is a major transportation hub served by Seibu Railway’s two main lines: the Ikebukuro and Shinjuku lines. Around 20 minutes from Ikebukuro Station by express train, this station offers convenient access to central Tokyo and handles an average of 102,000 passengers a day (FY 2019). Tokorozawa is also an important location for the Seibu Group, as the head office site for Seibu Railway and other Group companies.
Starting in 2014, the Seibu Group has formulated and worked on a plan to redevelop the areas at both the east and west gates of Tokorozawa Station. The development concept for the entire Tokorozawa area is to transform from a town that you pass through to a town that you want to work, live and step foot in: Making areas along Seibu Railway lines your wayside areas of choice. A further aim is to popularize the Seibu Railway catchment areas to increase their population and the number of customers who use our services.
Tokorozawa
22 minutes
by express train
Seibu Ikebukuro line Seibu Shinjuku line
38 minutes
by express train
Ikebukuro
Seibu- Shinjuku
   [Typical land price in the Tokorozawa Station area*]
2015 ¥287,166/m2
18.6 % UP
*Source: https://tochidai.info/ (in Japanese only)
 2019 ¥340,571/m2
 [Timeline of the development plan]
 July 2014
March 2018 September 2020 Mid-2020s
Seibu announces overall development policy for Tokorozawa area and basic plan for Tokorozawa Station East Gate building
Opening of Grand Emio Tokorozawa (Phase I)
Opening of Grand Emio Tokorozawa (Phase II)
Planned opening of a shopping mall in Tokorozawa Station West Gate zone, with a wide catchment area
Seibu Shinjuku line
Tokorozawa Station West gate
West Gate planned development zone (approx. 59,000 m2)
Seibu Ikebukuro line
Grand Emio Tokorozawa
East gate
Seibu Railway Building
16
Seibu Holdings Inc.

[Phase I opened March 2018] [Phase II opened September 2020]
Tokorozawa Station East Gate development
Grand Emio Tokorozawa, a community-oriented commercial facility connected to a train station
Grand Emio Tokorozawa, a shopping mall that has a direct link to the station through a new ticket gate, features many brands that have, for the first time, opened a branch in an area served by Seibu Lines. The mall also has a passport office and other public service centers as part of a wide range of businesses and services. Phase II, which opened in September 2020, has a new three-story commercial building above the tracks. The result will be a commercial zone straddling the rail lines that connects the east and west sides of the station building, and the number of stores, including in Phase I, is the largest in the surrounding area. The mall offers comfortable spaces, with rest areas being expanded, such as an open multipurpose space (central plaza) and a rooftop garden. In addition, an outdoor deck inside the ticket gate area offers a full view of trains running on the Ikebukuro and Shinjuku Lines, including the Laview 001 series of limited express trains.
    [In progress] Tokorozawa Station West Gate
  development project
Large-scale development around a commercial core to attract customers from a wide area
In 2015, a site owned by Seibu Railway (approximately 59,000 square meters on the former site of the Tokorozawa train factory) was designated by the City of Tokorozawa for the Tokorozawa Station West Gate development project. The aim of this project is to open a large-scale redevelopment area by the mid-2020s centered on commercial facilities designed to attract customers from a wide area. The Group is carrying out this project with a view to further develop the Tokorozawa area and raise the value of communities along our railway lines.
[Completion date: March 2021] Redevelopment of MetLife Dome and
   surrounding area
Creation of an attractive ballpark stadium
We have been redeveloping MetLife Dome stadium and the surrounding area since 2018, which marked the 40th anniversary of the Saitama Seibu Lions baseball team, making Tokorozawa its home ground. In addition to upgrading practice facilities—designed to strengthen and nurture the team—the project will open restaurants and a space for children, where visitors can spend leisure time before and after watching the game. This is intended to promote the use of Seibu Railway and increase the number of stadium visitors.
We are also going ahead with renovating Seibuen Amusement Park, one of the projects that is revitalizing areas along our railway lines (see page 25).
*MetLife Dome (image)
 Annual Report 2020 17

 Financial Highlights
Financial Highlights
Operating Revenue
FY2018 result FY2019 result
¥565.9 ¥554.5
Operating Profit
EBITDA & EBITDA margin
FY2018 result FY2019 result
¥127.3 ¥114.5
                                                                                                         billion
(YoY –2.0%)
billion
FY2018 result
¥73.3 billion
FY2019 result
¥56.8 billion
billion
billion 20.7%
Operating revenue and operating profit
Results for Fiscal 2019
The COVID-19 pandemic impacted the Seibu Group mainly through lower leisure-related demand, as the public avoided travel and events, and through a fall in the number of overseas visitors. As a result, operating revenue decreased by 2.0% year on year to ¥554.5 billion, while operating profit declined by 22.5% to ¥56.8 billion.
EBITDA and EBITDA margin
Results for Fiscal 2019
EBITDA fell by 10.0% year on year to ¥114.5 billion, while EBITDA margin decreased by 1.8 percentage points.
Capital expenditure and depreciation expense
Results for Fiscal 2019
(billions of yen) 700
600 500 400 300 200 100
Operating Operating
revenue (Left axis) profit (Right axis)
(billions of yen) 150
100
50
0
(%) 30
25
20
15
(YoY –22.5%)
(YoY –10.0%)
22.5%
            0 (FY) 2014
(billions of yen) 140
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
      105 70 35 0
(FY) 2014
EBITDA (Left axis)
EBITDA margin (Right axis)
2015 2016
2017
2018
2019
     Capital expenditure grew by ¥3.6 billion to ¥86.9 billion,
while depreciation expense increased by ¥3.5 billion to ¥56.7
billion. 140
Main capital expenditure
(billions of yen)
Capital expenditure Depreciation expense
   Urban Transportation and Regional
Hotel and Leisure
Real Estate
Other
Grade separation on the Seibu Shinjuku line, 105 installation of safety barriers on station platforms,
introduction of new Laview trains for express
services
     Start of operations for the members-only hotel brand PRINCE VACATION CLUB (Karuizawa- Asama, Villa Karuizawa-Asama, Sanyo-so), renovation of Karuizawa Prince Hotel West
Grand Emio Tokorozawa Phase II and Emilive Higashi-Nagasaki
Plan for renovation of the MetLife Dome area
70 35 0
(FY) 2014
2015 2016
2017
2018
2019
        18
Seibu Holdings Inc.

                                                   Net Interest-Bearing Debt
Net Interest-Bearing Debt/EBITDA Ratio
ROE
                                                FY2018 result
¥878.5 billion
FY2019 result
¥906.2 billion
FY2018 result
6.9 times
FY2019 result
7.9 times
FY2018 result
11.3%
FY2019 result
1.2%
Net interest-bearing debt and ratio
of net interest-bearing debt to EBITDA
(billions of yen)
1,200
Net interest-bearing debt (Left axis)
The ratio of net interest-bearing debt to EBITDA (Right axis)
(times) 12
8
4
       Results for Fiscal 2019 800 Net interest-bearing debt grew by ¥27.7 billion to ¥906.2
billion, while the ratio of net interst-bearing debt to EBITDA
rose by 1.0 percentage point to 7.9 times.
  Total assets, shareholders’ equity,
and shareholders’ equity to assets ratio
Results for Fiscal 2019
Total assets declined by ¥21.1 billion year on year to ¥1,707.7 billion, while shareholders’ equity to assets ratio fell by 2.6 percentage points to 21.5%.
・Assets: investment securities: ¥19.1 billion decrease;
retirement benefit assets: ¥7.3 billion decrease. ・Liabilities: short-term borrowings: ¥38.1 billion increase; corporate bonds: ¥10.0 billion increase; long-term
borrowings: ¥17.4 billion decrease.
・Net assets: treasury stock: ¥16.0 billion increase;
remeasurements of defined benefit plans: ¥13.9 billion decrease; valuation difference on available-for-sale securities: ¥13.5 billion decrease.
Dividends per share and dividend payout ratio
Results for Fiscal 2019
Dividend per share remained unchanged from the previous fiscal year at ¥30, while the payout ratio climbed 177 percentage points to 197.6%.
Total assets (Left axis)
Shareholders’ equity to assets ratio (Right axis)
400
(billions of yen)
Shareholders’ equity (Left axis)
2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
(yen)
40 30 20 10
(FY) 2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
0 (FY) 2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019 0
(%) 30
20
10
2019 0
(%) 200
150 100 50
2019 0
           Dividends per share (Left axis) Commemorative dividend (Left axis) Dividend payout ratio (Right axis)
        0
(FY) 2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
 Annual Report 2020 19

 Financial and Capital Strategies
 The Group’s Financial and Capital Strategies
Tomoyuki Nishii
Director, Senior Managing Officer, and Head of the Corporate Planning Division
Management’s basic financial policy
The Seibu Group has greatly expanded operations by using stable cash flows generated from the Urban Transportation and Regional business as a source of investment in the Hotel and Leisure business, which has exceptional growth potential, and the Real Estate business, which owns a large amount of assets. Based on this long-term financial strategy, management’s basic financial policy will be to continue expanding operations through such investments while optimally balancing the
business portfolio.
To finance large-scale redevelopment projects in Tokyo
from the fiscal 2022, the Group will make use of returns on past investments aimed at raising corporate value of the Group. In addition, the Group will strengthen the financial structure to grow businesses in the future, and work to improve our financial position to speed up expansion into new business areas and domains.
Securing the necessary working capital amid the COVID-19 outbreak
  20
Seibu Holdings Inc.
The economic outlook remains unclear due to the spread of COVID-19. Assuming this situation could continue for a prolonged period, we are doing our best to secure the necessary working capital by procuring
About our financing
Secured over ¥220 billion in funding by June 2020
・Newly borrowed ¥131 billion from major financial institutions (April to June)
・Increased the committed credit line from ¥60 billion to ¥150 billion (May)
funds and by strictly managing cash outflows. We will also continue to coordinate with financial institutions to ensure that we have enough liquidity on hand for our needs.
Ensuring enough liquidity on hand
Strictly managing cash outflows
Reduced fixed costs and used employment support subsidies
・Reduced director compensation
・Limiting non-urgent capital investment
・Temporarily closed some facilities and suspended services

Financial strategies and basic approach to shareholder returns
・Preferentially allocate funds for investments aimed at realizing continuous and strong growth
・Selectively target investments for creating value based on hurdle rates ・Strategically invest in new business creation through mergers and
   acquisitions
・Carefully manage the risk of rising interest rates
・Improve the financial position in preparation for large-scale
investments from the fiscal 2022
Plans for new facilities
Until the COVID-19 pandemic has been contained, we will give special priority to limiting the Group’s services as much as possible. Further, we will postpone non- urgent capital investment, make only those capital investments that are needed for ensuring the safety and security of customers and employees, and we will carefully select capital investment targets that can lead to future growth.
Plans for major capital investments in the fiscal
2020
(All monetary amounts are pending)
Boosting shareholder returns
Under our dividend policy, the Company will continue paying consistent dividends while striving to strengthen the management foundation of the Seibu Group as a whole, raise corporate value, and maintain required internal reserves to enhance our financial structure. To boost shareholder returns, the Company is aiming to raise the consolidated dividend payout ratio from the current 20% to 30% in the future, and is striving to distribute profits to shareholders as a matter of basic policy.
In the fiscal 2019, although consolidated results were impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak, the Company paid an annual dividend of ¥30 per share, the same amount as in the previous fiscal year, in accordance with our basic policy and financial strategy.
In the fiscal 2020, we will take into account the impact of COVID-19 and related financial conditions when determing shareholder returns.
Continuous measures for strengthening financial condition
Future growth-oriented capital investment
  Shareholder returns
 ・Maximize shareholder value through growth
・Pay stable dividends based on a payout ratio of 20% while
giving priority to growth-oriented investments
・Expand the shareholder benefits program
・Conduct share repurchases at opportune times based on
business performance and financial position
       Urban Transportation and Regional
・Construction of underground grade-separated railway crossings on the Seibu Shinjuku Line between Nakai and Nogata stations
・Construction of elevated grade-separated railway crossings on the Seibu Shinjuku Line near Higashi-Murayama Station
・Installation of safety barriers on train station platforms ・Renovation of the Seibuen Amusement Park
  Hotel and Leisure
・Renovation of Karuizawa Prince Hotel West
  Real Estate
・Grand Emio Tokorozawa Phase II
 Other
 ・Redevelopment of MetLife Dome and the surrounding area
 Annual Report 2020 21

 r
d
a
s
l
s
n
e
v
t
a
c
a
t
o
i
o
H
s
h
S
l
e
o
p
p
v
i
n
a
y
r
n
T
d
i
n
i
n
g
n
e
a
s
R
e
l
e
d
t
c
s
e
r
f
i
L
a
t
i
g
o
n
t
S
p
o
22
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Domestic
[Seibu Railway]
Total track length
176.6 km
The Seibu Group’s Business Strategy
Business Segments
Based in greater Tokyo and expanding nationwide and globally, the Group’s diverse businesses create value for bringing smiles to people on the move.
With businesses ranging from railway and bus services, hotels and leisure facilities to real estate, building construction, and a professional baseball team, the Seibu Group supports people’s livelihoods and contributes to community development.
The Seibu Group’s services
WEB https://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/group/service/
Smiles ahead
Seibu-Chichibu
Hon-Kawagoe Saitama Hanno
46 28 9
・Leisure facilities  (Theme parks, aquariums,  and swimming pools, etc.) ・Commercial/retail
Overseas Hotels 34
●...Hotels〇...Others Hawaii ● 〇 (golf courses) Australia●
China● 〇 (ski area) Taiwan●
Singapore●
Indonesia●
Vietnam●
India●
UAE●
Bahrain●
UK●
Tokyo
Tokorozawa
Ikebukuro
・Hotels ・Golf courses ・Ski resorts
Others
Number of passengers
1.8 million
(Daily average in fiscal 2019)
Main Business Facilities in Japan
Haijima Kokubunji
Seibu-Shinjuku

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Urban Transportation and Regional
We are helping to enrich society by providing safe and pleasant services.
Business in this field has a pronounced public-service dimension and supports the daily lives of customers. We strive to provide pleasant and comfortable services through activities grounded in safety and security as our duty to society
Seibu Bus Seibu Hire etc.
Hotel and Leisure
We offer pleasant and comfortable services that will gratify every customer.
We have a varied assortment of facilities in a wide range of fields including hotels, golf courses, ski resorts, and leisure facilities. We have service locations across Japan and overseas, and are operating them with a view to meeting customer needs.
Real Estate
This business segment contributes to the development of attractive and vibrant communities.
Seibu Properties heads our development of various businesses closely bound up with the lives of customers. We are committed to continued contributions to local communities through the creation of attractive districts.
Seibu Railway
Bus/taxi Bus/taxi
Bus/taxi
Hotels Hotels
Hotels
Domestic:
Prince Hotels, Inc.
Railway Railway
 Railway
Leisure facilities
Major facilities:
Seibuen Amusement Park Seibu-Chichibu
Ekimae "Onsen"
-hot spring facility- Matsurinoyu
Leisure facilities along rail lines
along rail lines
Leisure facilities along rail lines
 Overseas:
StayWell Holdings Pty Ltd.
Leisure Leisure
Leisure
Golf courses Ski resorts Aquariums, etc.
  Development of Seibu Railway lines and hotel sites in city centers
Office and residential leasing
Development and operation of stores in train stations, destination-type shopping malls, and other commercial facilities
Annual Report 2020 23

  The Seibu Group’s Business Strategy
Our source of growing corporate value Urban Transportation and Regional Business
  Competitive advantages
● Operating train lines destined for three train stations among the busiest in Tokyo: Ikebukuro, Shinjuku, and Takadanobaba
● Providing railway access to popular tourist destinations near Tokyo, including Chichibu, Kawagoe, and Hanno
● Possessing firm assets and maintaining highly safe living environments
Future challenges
● Areas surrounding train stations, including the Tokorozawa area, must be improved through redevelopment and facilities that attract tourists
● Grade-separated railway crossings need to be constructed on sections of the Seibu Shinjuku Line to improve convenience and safety for residents
● Action is needed to address changes in demand for commuting to work and school due to changes in lifestyles
Review of the fiscal 2019
In railway operations for the fiscal 2019, the results mainly reflect the strong employment situation, holding professional baseball games and concerts at MetLife Dome, sales initiatives conducted in coordination with facilities along railway lines, such as Moominvalley Park, and the steady capture of leisure demand over long holidays. However, from February 2020, as people refrained from going out following the spread of COVID-19, the number of passengers decreased by 0.5% year on year (commuters increased by 0.6% and non- commuters decreased by 2.3%). Passenger transportation revenue decreased by 0.9% year on year (commuters increased by 0.6% and non-commuters decreased by 2.2%), reflecting the fall in the number of passengers, although there was a positive effect from the increase of limited express and extra fare reserved seating trains, as well as the introduction of the new Limited Express train Laview.
In other initiatives, we made vigorous efforts to attract events at Yokohama Arena.
Due to the impact of the planned suspension of service in railway operations due to Typhoon Hagibis in October 2019 and leisure facilities along railway lines, such as Seibuen Amusement Park being affected by unseasonable weather in summer, along with the impact from people refraining from going out following the spread of COVID-19 and the Company’s response, including temporary suspension of operations at certain leisure facilities along railway lines from February 2020, the Urban Transportation and Regional business segment recorded operating revenue of ¥161,168 million, a decrease of ¥1,919 million, or 1.2%, year on year. Segment operating profit fell by ¥3,719 million, or 13.7%, year on year to ¥23,367 million due to the decrease in revenue, as well as an increase in general and administrative expenses. EBITDA was ¥45,472 million, a decrease of ¥3,292 million, or 6.8%, year on year.
Operating Revenue
180
120
60
0 (FY) 2015
Operating Profit
30
20
10
0 (FY) 2015
365 176.6 174 658 412 245 99,348 45,137 54,211 39.8
2016
2016
365 176.6 175 665 417 248 100,533 45,638 54,895 40.0
2017
2017
(billions of yen)
2018 2019
(billions of yen)
2018 2019
366 176.6 177 661 419 242 99,580 45,912 53,668 39.4
                             24
Seibu Holdings Inc.
KPI for railway operations
Number of operating days Total operating length Train mileage
Number of passengers
Commuter passes
Non-commuter passes Passenger transportation revenue
Commuter passes
Non-commuter passes Boarding efficiency
366 365 179.8 179.8 172 173 642 648 399 405 243 242 96,969 97,690 43,683 44,333 53,286 53,356 38.5 38.7
Unit
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
       Days
Kilometers (km)
Million km
Millions of people
Millions of people
Millions of people
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
%
   
                                                                        Fiscal year highlights
Constructing grade-separated railway crossings
In cooperation with local businesses and government organizations in Tokyo, Seibu Railway Co., Ltd., has been constructing grade-separated railway crossings on two sections of the Seibu Shinjuku Line. Specifically, the below-ground construction work between Nakai and Nogata stations has been underway since 2014 and the above-ground construction work in the Higashi- Murayama station area has been ongoing since 2015. By replacing many railway crossings with new multilevel crossings, the Company aims to make traffic run more smoothly and to reduce traffic congestion. As well, this construction eliminates some artificial divisions in neighborhoods caused by railway lines and increases safety and convenience for local residents.
Renovating the Seibuen Amusement Park
Seibu Railway is currently renovating the Seibuen Amusement Park in preparation for reopening for its 70th anniversary in 2021. The concept for the new park is to recreate a “town” from the 1960s, a fondly remembered and nostalgic time in Japan, through interactive attractions and food from those years as well as live performances that capture the spirit of that generation. In collaboration with Katana Inc., which specializes in marketing and community development, Seibu Railway will work to revitalize the surrounding community by reopening the park, while helping to boost Japan’s tourism industry.
       In 2016, two more areas were designated for grade-separated railway crossing construction in Tokyo: the areas between Iogi and Seibu-Yagisawa stations, and between Nogata and Iogi stations. Therefore, Seibu Railway is continuing to work in cooperation with local businesses and government organizations to quickly complete this work.
* Information about the grade-separated railway crossings (in Japanese only) is available on Seibu Railway’s website: https://www.seiburailway.jp/safety/index. html#crossing
   Report from a project member
Development of the new "Laview" train
Project overview
After our 100th anniversary, Seibu Railway wanted to design a completely unique train for limited express service to mark the
starting point of the next century. We appointed world-renowned architect Kazuyo Sejima to handle the design. While it was
her first time to work with trains, Sejima designed a train unique to the world, combining extraordinary travel with everyday
Report from a project member
only lavatories.
Project vision
When designing a train, usually only people with technical expertise in trains
are involved. For the Laview, however, a wide range of people from across the
Company were recruited for the project team, reflecting the Seibu Group’s
commitment to diversity. At the design stage, we incorporated ideas from various
types of passengers as well as concerns voiced by women and parents travelling
comfort. With passengers in mind, Laview trains feature large windows, magnifying mirrors in powder rooms, and women-
  Report from a project member
with children. The company was awarded the Blue Ribbon from the Japanese
Railfan Club for being the best train in the country. We hope this train will not only attract passengers living in communities served by Seibu Railway lines but also people living in other areas.
Takahiro Yamaji Rolling Stock Department Seibu Railway Co., Ltd.
Annual Report 2020 25
Close-up
Close-up
Close-up

  The Seibu Group’s Business Strategy
Our corporate value growth driver
Hotel and Leisure Business
  Competitive advantages
● Operating hotels in major cities and Japan’s leading resort areas
● Hotels have built up a solid track record of having large events and international conferences over many years
● Launched several hotel brands covering the span of the hotel market
Future challenges
● Action is needed to adapt to changes in the operating environment following the COVID-19 pandemic
● Growth platforms must be created for new businesses, including Prince Smart Inn and PRINCE VACATION CLUB
● Hotel brands need to grow internationally
Review of the fiscal 2019
In the accommodation division of hotel operations, the Company steadily implemented revenue management* and focused on steadily capturing leisure demand over the long holiday. In the banquet division, MICE** generated steady sales, while the restaurants division performed steadily, mainly due to aggressive sales measures at urban hotels. Furthermore, the Company opened three facilities in relation to the PRINCE VACATION CLUB vacation ownership business in July 2019 and, in the overall hotel operation steadily captured demand associated with holding the Rugby World Cup.
In addition, newly opened hotels at StayWell Holdings Pty Ltd. contributed to revenue growth, while The Arch London, a business operated by AB Hotels Ltd. that was acquired in the previous fiscal year, was rebranded and opened as The Prince Akatoki London in United Kingdom, in September 2019, as the first “The Prince Akatoki” hotel, the luxury brand that StayWell Holdings Pty Ltd. is developing overseas.
The Hotel and Leisure business segment recorded operating revenue of ¥209,153 million, a decrease of ¥10,647 million, or 4.8%, year on year, despite the measures described above. The decrease mainly reflected the effects of natural disasters such as Typhoon Hagibis in October 2019, and impact of the spread of COVID-19, such as canceled reservations and a decrease in the pace of new reservations in the hotel business and the temporary suspension of operations at certain leisure facilities, such as Yokohama Hakkeijima Sea Paradise from late January 2020. Segment operating profit decreased by ¥11,687 million, or 59.2%, year on year to ¥8,054 million due to the decrease in revenue, increases in expenses for investments in future growth. EBITDA was ¥25,434 million, a decrease of ¥10,642 million, or 29.5%, year on year.
Operating Revenue
300
200
100
0 (FY) Operating Profit
2016
2016
2017
2017
2018
2018
(billions of yen)
2019
(billions of yen)
2019
12,566 12,474 9,757 20,585
11,636
16,089 15,487 16,401 29,811
16,174
78.1 80.5 59.5 69.1
71.9
4.64 3.48 1.16 25.1
          2015
 20
15
10
5
0 (FY)
2015
         * Revenue management is a method for maximizing profit by providing services to customers at prices that are seasonally appropriate based on demand forecasts. ** MICE: Meetings, incentive travel, conferences, and exhibition/events.
        KPI for hotel operations
Unit
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
       RevPAR
Yen
     Average daily rate (ADR)
Yen
     Occupancy rate
%
     Breakdown of hotel guests
  Millions of people
Millions of people
Millions of people
%
    City hotels
Takanawa & Shinagawa area
Resort hotels Karuizawa area
Total
City hotels
Takanawa & Shinagawa area
Resort hotels Karuizawa area
Total
City hotels
Takanawa & Shinagawa area
Resort hotels Karuizawa area
Total
Number of hotel guests Japanese non-Japanese
Ratio of non-Japanese
11,588 11,911 12,732 12,500 12,873 13,354 8,626 9,243 9,889 18,824 19,376 20,980
10,562 10,980 11,786
14,054 14,873 15,196 14,429 14,808 14,830 15,824 16,198 16,208 31,619 30,894 31,713
14,513 15,239 15,466
82.5 80.1 83.8 86.6 86.9 90.0 54.5 57.1 61.0 59.5 62.7 66.2
72.8 72.1 76.2
4.70 4.45 4.83 3.56 3.40 3.65 1.14 1.05 1.18 24.3 23.7 24.5
13,473 13,811 10,319 22,085
12,435
15,845 15,397 16,439 30,529
16,003
85.0 89.7 62.8 72.3
77.7
5.02 3.67 1.34 26.7
              26
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Notes: 1 The Takanawa/Shinagawa area is shown as a typical example for city hotels and the Karuizawa area is shown as an example for resort hotels.
2 Revenue per available room (RevPAR) is calculated by dividing total room sales for a given period by the aggregate number of days per room
for which each room was available during such period.

                                                                        Fiscal year highlights
Prince Smart Inn launched as a new brand of limited-service hotels
Aiming to expand the customer base and maximize earnings, Prince Hotels, Inc. created Prince Smart Inn as a new brand of limited-service hotels with budget-price options outside of the existing hotel brands.
The hotels offer electronic check-in and check-out services designed to be functional for customers, and for them to feel it is convenient and comfortable. The company is targeting young business travelers who prefer smart services as well as domestic and international tourists seeking hassle-free, budget accommodations.
In 2020, Prince Smart Inn hotels are scheduled to
open in Tokyo’s Ebisu district and Atami, a popular
tourist destination. More hotels are scheduled to open
in Kyoto’s Shijo Omiya district in the summer of 2021,
and Naha, Okinawa, in 2022. While closely tracking
Xpark Aquarium opened in Taoyuan, Taiwan (Taoyuan Development Zone)
Group company Taiwan Yokohama Hakkeijima Inc. opened Xpark Aquarium in August 2020 in the city of Taoyuan*, about 20 minutes by high-speed rail from Taipei. An all-new type of aquarium, Xpark combines world-leading technologies with glass floors, walls, and ceiling tanks, allowing visitors to be surrounded by the broad range of marine life on display.
Drawing on the Group’s expertise in operating aquariums and amusement parks, particularly Yokohama Hakkeijima Sea Paradise, the company developed the aquarium with the goals of creating new earnings opportunities and promoting friendship between Taiwan and Japan by contributing to the education of Taiwan’s children.
* Xpark is located in a 220,000-square-meter development zone where Taiwan's Cathay Life Insurance is building an outlet shopping mall, hotel, cinema complex, and office building.
     changing customer needs and the outlook for a market
  Report from a project member
recovery in the aftermath of COVID-19, Prince Hotels
will carefully select new hotel locations in the future with a long-term plan to open 100 new hotels in Japan.
Report from a project member
    Development of PRINCE VACATION CLUB members-only resort hotels
Project overview
PRINCE VACATION CLUB is a new type of members-only resort hotel that combines the convenience of a holiday home
with the comfort of a hotel. The new brand, launched as Prince Hotels, Inc., made full use of our real estate properties and
expertise in managing various facilities. In July 2019, new hotels were opened in the popular tourist areas of Karuizawa and
Report from a project member
Project vision
PRINCE VACATION CLUB members can use the hotels in various ways, such as vacationing with family and friends or inviting and entertaining guests. After talking with members over the past year, or since the hotels have opened, I was happy to hear that they appreciated the security provided by a resort hotel and enjoyed using the facilities like a second home. That satisfaction made our efforts seem especially worthwhile. Unfortunately, we had to temporarily close the hotels due to COVID-19, but reservations came pouring in after we reopened. All of our staff will continue to offer heartfelt services that satisfy all the club’s members.
Izu Nagaoka, with plans to open about 20 in the future. In addition to private accommodations exclusively for members,
these hotels are also connected to leisure facilities, such as golf courses and ski resorts, making for a vacation experience that only Prince Hotels can offer.
  Maiko Takasaki Business Strategy Department Prince Hotels, Inc.
Annual Report 2020 27
Close-up
Close-up
Close-up

  The Seibu Group’s Business Strategy
The key to raising our corporate value Real Estate Business
  Competitive advantages
● Ownership of prime real estate in central Tokyo, including in the Takanawa, Shinagawa, and Shibakoen districts
● Leveraging experience and achievements in developing and managing combined office, residential, and commercial buildings
Future challenges
● Steps must be taken to respond to declining demand for office space as companies shift to telecommuting
● Urban development projects should be pursued to generate synergies with other businesses
Review of the fiscal 2019
In leasing operations, DaiyaGate Ikebukuro, which opened in April 2019, contributed to revenue growth. In addition, commercial facilities such as Karuizawa Prince Shopping Plaza performed steadily due to aggressive promotion and sales measures.
Rental residences, including emilive Higashi-Nagasaki which began receiving residents in September 2019, performed briskly, with high occupancy rates continuing.
In other initiatives, the Company sold condominium units nearby Hōya Station on the Seibu Ikebukuro Line.
The Real Estate business segment recorded operating revenue of ¥66,340 million, a decrease of ¥3,310 million, or 4.8%, year on year, as a result of the decrease in sales of condominium units. Segment operating profit decreased by ¥1,949 million, or 9.7%, year on year to ¥18,146 million, reflecting the decrease in revenue as well as an increase in depreciation for DaiyaGate Ikebukuro. EBITDA was ¥29,924 million, a decrease of ¥495 million, or 1.6%, year on year.
Operating Revenue
(billions of yen)
2019
(billions of yen)
2019
246 1.0
208 2.0
80
60
40
20
0 (FY)
2015
2016
2016
244 1.0
184 11.0
2017
2017
2018
2018
           Operating Profit
20
15
10
5
0
          (FY) 2015
        KPI for leasing operations
Unit
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
        Commercial retail
Leasing space as of March 31
Vacancy rate for leasable space as of March 31
Office and residentil
Leasing space as of March 31
Vacancy rate for leasable space as of March 31
234 239 1.0 0.7
60 166 14.0 3.1
244 1.1
172 1.9
thousand m2
%
          Unit
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
       thousand m2
%
   28
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Notes: 1 The lease of the land is not included.
2 Vacancy rates for leasable space as of March 2019 temporarily increased due to the completion of construction of DaiyaGate Ikebukuro.

                                                                         Fiscal year highlights
Emiffice opened as the Seibu Group’s first coworking space
In recent years, demand for coworking spaces has been rising in
Japan amid a shift to teleworking and more flexible work spaces.
Emilive Higashi-Nagasaki apartment building completed in Tokyo
In June 2019, the Seibu Group completed construction of the Emilive Higashi-Nagasaki, the sixth building of a brand of rental apartments located near train stations. In August 2019, Emilive Higashi-Nagasaki was approved by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government as a residential building that includes childrearing support according to the guidelines for comfortable, safe, and easy-to- maintain living environments.
With shops on the first two floors and the Group’s Nicot brand of childcare centers near stations on the third floor, the residential building is especially attractive to young couples and families where both parents work.
Other Emilive brand apartment buildings are in Tokyo’s Shakujii-Koen and Shimo-Ochiai districts, and the combined total of apartments in the six buildings is now 563 units. The Seibu Group plans to effectively use owned real estate in the future to raise the attractiveness of areas surrounding train stations and to help the population thrive by providing highly convenient and safe apartment buildings.
     In response, Emiffice Nerima opened in Tokyo in September 2,
Report from a project member
2019 as the Seibu Group’s first coworking area.
With about 400 square meters of floor space, Emiffice Nerima
combines both a coworking space and an after-school daycare center. The coworking space includes 11 private offices, common desks, meeting rooms, and other shared work areas, while the daycare provides after-school supervision of elementary school children along with classes on a variety of subjects, including English, calligraphy, and computer programing.
Since the outbreak of COVID-19, an increasing number of people in Japan have been teleworking and using coworking
Report from a project member
centers. Starting with Emiffice Nerima, the Seibu Group will explore ways to meet the needs for users of railway services by making more effective use of real estate.
Report from a project member
    Opening of the DaiyaGate Ikebukuro Building
Project overview
Opened in April 2019, the DaiyaGate Ikebukuro stands over Ikebukuro Station, the terminus for the Seibu Ikebukuro Line and one of the busiest train stations in Tokyo. Featuring a striking façade formed by crisscrossed steel beams, there is a large office building with about 50,000 square meters of floor space, placing it among the leading leased office buildings in the area. It has 20 floors above ground and two below ground, and has commercial operations, including a café and convenience store, on the first two floors and office space on floors four to 18. Occupants include Seibu Holdings, Prince Hotels, and Seibu Properties.
  Project vision
Besides the unique exterior, the DaiyaGate Ikebukuro has its own originality because it stands directly above the tracks of the Seibu Ikebukuro Line—the first high-rise building in Japan built above a railway line. In fact, we can look down on the passing trains from inside the building or from a large outdoor deck on the second floor. Open to the public, the deck provides a relaxing space for train enthusiasts, office workers, and families living nearby. I have been involved in managing the building and moving in new tenants since we opened. The place was somewhat dreary at that time, but all floors are now occupied by tenants, and their employees can be seen flowing in and out of the entranceway or relaxing on the deck. We opened the building with the safety of occupants and members of the local community in mind. Consequently, we will offer the deck and the entrance hall as a space for commuters who are stranded when trains stop due to an emergency or disaster. In recognition of our work to ensure the safety and comfort of occupants and reduce our environmental burden, the DaiyaGate Ikebukuro building was certified with the highest rating by the Comprehensive Assessment System for Built Environment Efficiency (CASBEE), a green building management system in Japan.
Haruhisa Nakajima Leasing Operations Department Seibu Properties Inc.
Annual Report 2020 29
Close-up
Close-up
Close-up

 The Seibu Group’s Business Strategy
 Support for
higher corporate value
Core companies
Seibu Construction Co., Ltd. Seibu Landscape Co., Ltd.
Seibu Construction Supply Co., Ltd.
 Construction Business
 Review of fiscal 2019
In construction operations, the Company undertook construction work for public works and private residential buildings. We also took a rigorous approach to managing orders received and costs as part of efforts to improve our profit margin.
In addition, landscaping contract work and procurement and sales of Seibu Construction Supply Co., Ltd. performed briskly.
As a result, the Construction business segment recorded operating revenue of ¥111,771 million, an increase of ¥2,081million, or 1.9%, year on year. Segment operating profit decreased by ¥253 million, or 4.3%, year on year to ¥5,637 million due to the absence of typhoon reconstruction related projects recorded in the previous fiscal year by Seibu Landscape Co., Ltd. EBITDA was ¥6,088 million, a decrease of ¥226 million, or 3.6%, year on year.
Drawing on the comprehensive capabilities
of the Seibu Group, we make a positive contribution to people and society through our
construction operations attuned to the new age.
In various parts of Japan, we are engaged in all types of construction in areas including railway lines, social infrastructure, hotel remodeling, private sector construction, and housing. In addition, we produce, process, and sell gravel, sand, and other raw materials used in civil engineering and construction projects. Our activities extend to the design and execution of landscaping projects, and the maintenance and operation of state-run parks. We bring a high level of technical skills to bear in creating space and facilities that are both safe and pleasant.
 The Seibu Group's brand leader
Core facilities
 Hawaii Business
Prince Waikiki, Hawaii Prince Golf Club, the Westin Hapuna Beach Resort, Hapuna Golf Course, Mauna Kea Beach Hotel, Mauna Kea Golf Course
 Review of fiscal 2019
In the Hawaii business segment, revenue increased with a contribution from the Westin Hapuna Beach Resort, which reopened after renovation in June 2018. We also saw solid performance in the accommodation division and the food and beverage division at the Prince Waikiki and Mauna Kea Beach Hotel owing to aggressive promotion and sales measures.
As a result of these initiatives, the Hawaii business segment recorded operating revenue of ¥22,485 million, an increase of ¥3,396 million, or 17.8%, year on year. Segment operating profit was ¥511 million, an increase of ¥1,888 million from an operating loss of ¥1,377 million in the previous fiscal year, and EBITDA was ¥3,293 million, up ¥2,087 million, or 173.1%, year on year.
The three hotels are the Prince Waikiki, ideal for business and shopping as well as Waikiki tourism; the Mauna Kea Beach Hotel, a first-rate resort overlooking what is regarded as one of the best beaches in the United States; and the Westin Hapuna Beach Resort, another resort with a cozy ambience. Three golf courses are adjacent to these hotels. Our high-quality services impress guests from the continental United States and other Asian countries as well.
Other
Izuhakone
The Izu-Hakone area is one of Japan's most popular destinations for international tourists. Our services, including transportation by rail, bus, and taxis, with this area as their main service region, are at the center of our development of a wide-ranging business including the operation of Izu Mito Seaparadise and other leisure facilities.
Ohmi
Centered on the area around Lake Biwa in Shiga Prefecture, this business consists mainly of rail, bus, and taxi services, and has a highly public-service character. We also operate service areas along expressways and cruise ships on the lake. As this suggests, the business is keyed to the wealth of Shiga's tourism resources led by Lake Biwa.
Seibu Lions
As the leading symbol of the Seibu Group, the Saitama Seibu Lions professional baseball club strives to be a strong team loved by fans with deep roots in the local community.
   Review of fiscal 2019
In the Seibu Lions business, revenue increased due to an increase of the number of spectators year on year, mainly because of the team’s strong performance and various sales measures, along with proactively holding concerts at MetLife Dome. Furthermore, in the Ohmi business, the Tsuchiyama Service Area performed steadily, partly due to the opening of a new route of the Shin-Meishin Expressway.
However, due to the spread of COVID-19, the start of the professional baseball league regular season was postponed for the Seibu Lions business, while the Izuhakone business and the Ohmi business were also affected by people refraining from going out and other COVID- related impacts from February 2020 onwards. As a result, the Other businesses segment recorded operating revenue of ¥41,547 million, a decrease of ¥384 million, or 0.9%, year on year. Segment operating profit decreased by ¥648 million, or 51.8%, year on year to ¥604 million, mainly due to the decrease in revenue and an increase in depreciation related to the MetLife Dome area renewal project. EBITDA was ¥4,005 million, a decrease of ¥307 million, or 7.1%, year on year.
30
Seibu Holdings Inc.

Reorganization of reportable segments
Aiming to grow the Seibu Group’s business domains, Seibu Holdings reorganized the reportable segments including setting up a growth driver, effective the beginning of fiscal 2020.
We will work on developing a business model under the new reorganization of the segments.
Main changes
 Business name
  Sports business
Type of change
Creation of a new business
Purpose of change
  Establish sports as a new growth field, leveraging the Seibu Group’s extensive assets and expertise in baseball team management. Put focus on the new segment with a view to integrating fitness clubs, golf courses and other existing businesses into this segment in the future.
    Hawaii business
 TOMONY brand of convenience stores inside train stations
Nicot brand of childcare centers near train stations
Transfer this to the Hotel and Leisure business
   Transfer from the Real Estate business to the Urban Transportation and Regional business
Improve lifestyle-related services
   Seibu SCCAT
(building maintenance and security)
Transfer from the Hotel and Leisure business to the Real Estate business
  Former organization
Urban Transportation and Regional
Yokohama Arena
Seibu SCCAT
TOMONY Nicot
Accelerate the global expansion of hotel operations
Expand this subsidiary’s business scope
New organization
Urban Transportation and Regional
TOMONY Nicot
Seibu SCCAT
               Hotel and Leisure
Hotel and Leisure
Hawaii business
Real Estate
Construction
Other Sports business
Seibu Lions Izuhakone Ohmi
             Real Estate
Construction
           Hawaii business
Other Seibu Lions
Izuhakone
Yokohama Arena
                          Ohmi
   Annual Report 2020 31

  Directors
Takashi Goto
President
Chief Executive Officer
Tomoyuki Nishii
Director
Senior Managing Officer Executive General Manager, Corporate Planning
Shuichiro Ogawa
Director
Senior Managing Officer General Manager, Personnel Department
From left in the back row: Akihisa Uwano, Masahiko Koyama, Kimio Kitamura, Eiko Ohya, Takehiko Ogi, Keiji Goto, Masafumi Tsujihiro From left in the front row: Shuichiro Ogawa, Tomoyuki Nishii, Takashi Goto, Kaoru Takahashi, Ryuichiro Nishiyama
Management Approach for Creating Value
Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Managing Officers (As of August 1, 2020)
Seibu Holdings Corporate Directors and Managing Officers WEB https://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/company/officer/
   Reason for nomination
Since his taking office as President and Representative Director of the Company, Mr. Goto has showed strong leadership as a pivotal member of the management team and contributed significantly to improving the Seibu Group’s corporate value while drawing on his prior experience. Even under the severe economic situation expected due to the impact of COVID-19 in the future, we are certain that he will show leadership in firmly continuing the business and business development toward “value change” of society in the post COVID-19 era, and will play an essential role toward increasing the medium- to long-term corporate value and shareholder value.
Reason for nomination
As a person in a key position within the corporate planning departments of the Company and the subsidiaries, Mr. Nishii has proposed and executed the Seibu Group’s long-term strategy and medium- term management plan and contributed to enhancing corporate value. While taking all possible measures against COVID-19, we are certain that, in the post COVID-19 era, he will contribute to enhancing medium- to long-term corporate value by promoting the strategies for creating new business areas and expanding the existing business fields from new perspectives that accurately capture the changes in the value of society.
Reason for nomination
As the person responsible for the personnel, Mr. Ogawa has widely managed and supervised the Seibu Group's personnel measures, contributing to increasing corporate value through the development and effective use of human resources, and creation of an environment in which people can achieve their full potential. We are certain that he will continue to propose and implement personnel measures that will contribute to the sustainable growth of the Seibu Group, thereby contributing to the enhancement of corporate value over the medium to long term.
Kaoru Takahashi
Director
Executive Managing Officer
Ryuichiro Nishiyama
Director
Senior Managing Officer
Kimio Kitamura
Director
Reason for nomination
As the person responsible for the Company’s accounting and finance, Mr. Takahashi has been working to ensure accurate disclosure of financial information, strengthen the financial structure and increase earnings capability, increase the Seibu Group’s reliability, and contribute to increasing corporate value. Looking ahead, we are certain that he will contribute to enhancing medium- to long-term corporate value by applying the abundant practical experience he has accumulated to date and by promoting the financial strategies necessary to establish a solid funding structure and business foundation for the Seibu Group, even under a severe economic environment due to COVID-19.
Reason for nomination
As the person responsible for the administration and the corporate communication, Mr. Nishiyama has contributed to enhancing the Seibu Group’s corporate value by striving to strengthen the group management function and enhance the corporate image. We are certain that even under the difficult economic conditions expected in the future, he will make every effort to maintain business continuity of the Seibu Group, and will contribute to enhancing medium- to long-term corporate value by strengthening and supervising the Group’s management structure and corporate communication strategies in the post COVID-19 era.
Reason for nomination
Mr. Kitamura contributed to the enhancement of the Seibu Group’s corporate value by assuming positions in the corporate planning and personnel departments of the Company, as well as effectively utilizing assets and reviewing existing businesses of Ohmi Railway Co., Ltd. as president of the company since June 2015. He was then appointed as president of Seibu Railway Co., Ltd. in April 2020. We are certain that he will leverage his abundant experience to date and contribute to enhancing the medium- to long-term corporate value of the Seibu Group by undertaking the formulation and execution of medium- to long-term strategies while adapting to changes in the business environment of urban transportation and regional business due to the impact of COVID-19.
    Attendance to the meetings of the Board of Directors:
19/19 (100%)
    Attendance to the meetings of the Board of Directors:
Attendance to the meetings of the Board of Directors:
19/19 (100%)
  19/19 (100%)
Attendance to the meetings of the Board of Directors:
19/19 (100%)
     32
Seibu Holdings Inc.
As Mr. Kitamura was appointed to the Director at the 15th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, he did not attend any meetings during FY 2019.
 Attendance to the meetings of the Board of Directors:
19/19 (100%)

  Masahiko Koyama
Director
Akihisa Uwano
Director
Eiko Ohya
Reason for nomination
 As President of Prince Hotels and Director of the Company, Mr. Koyama has contributed to the enhancement of corporate value of the Seibu Group by successfully capturing earning opportunities targeting new customer segments in the Hotel and Leisure business segment. We are certain that he will contribute to enhancing the medium- to long-term corporate value of the Seibu Group as he will make every effort to maintain business continuity even under the difficult business environment expected in the future, and will undertake the formulation and execution of strategies for the transformation and growth of the Hotel and Leisure business segment given changes in the value of society in the post COVID-19 era.
 Attendance to the meetings of the Board of Directors:
19/19 (100%)
 Reason for nomination
 As the person responsible for the administration, Mr. Uwano has contributed to enhancing the Seibu Group’s corporate value first by working on to strengthen the Seibu Group’s management structure and now by making effective use of the Group’s assets in the Real Estate business segment as President of Seibu Properties Inc. and Director of the Company. We are certain that he will contribute to enhancing the medium- to long-term corporate value of the Seibu Group by undertaking the formulation and execution of medium- to long-term strategies for the Seibu Group’s Real Estate business segment while adapting to changes in the business environment that have been significantly affected by the spread of COVID-19.
Reason for nomination
Ms. Ohya possesses abundant knowledge of social conditions in Japan and overseas gained through activities as a commentator and a member of various panels and committees over many years. Her broad and multifaceted remarks and suggestions supported by this wide range of activities enable the perspectives of various stakeholders to be reflected in the Company’s management, leading to revitalization of the Management Council and the Board of Directors. We believe that her opinions from a broad perspective backed by her knowledge, experience, and other attributes, can be applied to the Company’s management, thereby helping us to maximize our medium- to long-term corporate value.
From left: Isao Nagaseki, Michifumi Yazaki, Isao Fukasawa, Eiji Sakomoto
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
 Attendance to the meetings of the Board of Directors:
 18/19 (94.7%)
Michifumi Yazaki
Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Isao Nagaseki
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Isao Fukasawa
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Reason for nomination
    Director
Outside
Independent
Mr. Yazaki has a wealth of experience, including previous appointments as General Manager of the Audit Department at Seibu Holdings, Inc. and Seibu Railway Co., Ltd., subsequently serving as General Manager of the Accounting Office, before leading management as president of a Group Company. He has a wide-ranging understanding of the Group’s operations in general.
Reason for nomination
    Mr. Nagaseki has a wealth of experience in the hotel and leisure business, including previous posts as General Manager of the Sunshine City Prince Hotel and the Shin Yokohama Prince Hotel. Currently, he is working to enhance the auditing of Prince Hotels Inc. as a standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member.
 Attendance to the meetings of the Board of Directors:
Attendance to the meetings of the Board of Directors:
19/19 (100%)
 19/19 (100%)
Attendance to the meetings of the Board of Directors:
19/19 (100%)
 Takehiko Ogi
Reason for nomination
 Director
Outside
Independent
Mr. Ogi possesses exceptional managerial talent backed by practical experience as has been evidenced by his outstanding track record as a manager bringing about managerial reform in companies across various industries, along with particularly impressive results in the area of consumer focused corporate management. He makes statements in the Management Council and the Board of Directors from a manager’s perspective regarding the need to establish PDCA cycles for each measure in the management plan and to clarify the results and issues to be addressed for each measure. We believe that his opinions from a broad perspective backed by his track record, experience, and other attributes, can be applied to the Company’s management, thereby helping us to maximize our medium- to long-term corporate value.
Reason for nomination
As an attorney, Mr. Goto possesses a high degree of expertise, abundant experience, and keen insight with respect to corporate legal affairs. He makes statements in the Management Council and the Board of Directors from a risk management perspective, such as the risks of legal compliance and criticism of each measure when making management judgements. In addition, the Company receives advice from him in promoting action on sustainability. We believe that his opinions from a broad perspective backed by his knowledge, experience, and other attributes, can be applied to the Company’s management, thereby helping us to maximize our medium- to long-term corporate value.
Reason for nomination
Mr. Tsujihiro possesses a high degree of expertise, abundant experience and keen insight with respect to Japanese economy and corporate management, gained through his longstanding experience as Editor-in-Chief of an economics magazine and his current position as Professor, Faculty of Economics at Teikyo University. He makes statements in the Board of Directors from an expert perspective regarding management judgement and direction based on the economic trends and his opinions contribute to the vitalization of the Company’s Board of Directors and the sustainable growth of the Seibu Group. We are certain that he will continue to contribute to maximizing the medium- to long-term corporate value of the Seibu Group.
Reason for nomination
As an attorney at law, Mr. Fukasawa possesses a high degree of expertise, abundant experience, and keen insight with respect to corporate legal affairs. We judge that he is capable of using these attributes to conduct audits of the Company based on a fair and neutral perspective and also to provide appropriate feedback. We believe that Mr. Fukasawa’s opinions from a broad perspective backed by his knowledge, experience, and other attributes, can be applied to the Company’s management.
Reason for nomination
As a certified public accountant and certified public tax accountant, Mr. Sakomoto possesses a high degree of expertise, abundant experience, and keen insight with respect to financial affairs and accounting. We judge that he is capable of using these attributes to conduct audits of the Company based on a fair and neutral perspective and also to provide appropriate feedback. We believe that Mr. Sakomoto’s opinions from a broad perspective backed by his knowledge, experience, and other attributes, can be applied to the Company’s management.
Executive Managing Officer
Managing Officer / General Manager, Internal Audit and Internal Control Department
Managing Officer / General Manager, Investor Relations Department, Corporate Planning
Managing Officer / General Manager, Business Strategy Department II, Corporate Planning
    Outside
Independent
   Attendance to the meetings of the Board of Directors:
 19/19 (100%)
Attendance to the meetings of the Board of Directors:
 Keiji Goto
Eiji Sakomoto
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
   Director
Outside
Independent
  Outside
Independent
   Attendance to the meetings of the Board of Directors:
 18/19 (94.7%)
19/19 (100%)
Attendance to the meetings of the Board of Directors:
19/19 (100%)
 Masafumi Tsujihiro
Managing Officers
Riichi Ito Atsushi Kada Yoshihide Nakagawa Masaaki Arahara
 Director
Outside
Outside
Outside
Independent
Independent
    Attendance to the meetings of the Board of Directors:
19/19 (100%)
Indicates outside directors in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act
Indicates outside Audit and Supervisory Board members in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act
Indicates independent officers in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Listing Regulations issued by the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Annual Report 2020 33

 Management Approach for Creating Value
Corporate Governance
 Seibu Holdings Corporate Governance
WEB https://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/ir/management/governance/
■ Basic Policy
The Seibu Group strives to maximize corporate value and shareholder value by fulfilling social responsibilities through business activities and earning the trust of shareholders, customers and all other stakeholders based on the Group Vision, which incorporates the management philosophy and management policy, and the Seibu Group Corporate Code of Ethics, which sets out the Group’s basic rules on compliance. To further promote corporate governance, the Group works to improve management soundness and transparency, to raise the level of and to accelerate decision-making by management, centered on the Board of Directors, and to continuously
■ Corporate Governance Structure
Board of Directors
Election/ Dismissal/ Supervision
Management Council
Operational Organizations
Seibu Group Corporate Ethics Committee
Instruction/Reporting
Cooperation
strengthen the internal control systems of the entire Group. In addition to ensuring the rights and equality of shareholders, the Group engages in constructive dialogue with shareholders to improve corporate value and shareholder value over the medium to long term, and strives for timely and appropriate disclosure of information and appropriate cooperation with its stakeholders.
Our basic approach to corporate governance, our corporate philosophy and our management policy, as encapsulated in our Group Vision, have all been developed in reference to principles defined in the Tokyo Stock Exchange’s Corporate Governance Code, and are publicly disclosed on our corporate website.
 General Meeting of Shareholders
 Election/Dismissal
Election/Dismissal
Audit & Supervisory Board
   Audit
   Cooperation
Audit
Cooperation
Election/ Dismissal
 President and Chief Executive Officer
     Direction/Orders
Audit
Internal Audit and Internal Control Department
Accounting Auditor
    Managing Officers Divisions of the Company
     34
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Business Companies
Audit Audit

■ Composition of main governance-related bodies
16 8 4 4
Board of Directors (15 men, one woman) (8 men) (3 men, one woman) (4 men) President
Number of meetings in FY2019
19 times
Audit & Supervisory Board
Number of meetings in FY2019
14 times
Nomination Advisory Committee
Remuneration Advisory Committee
Total members
Inside directors
Independent outside directors
Audit & Supervisory Board members
Chair
  (All are independent)
 The Board meets in principle at least once a month to make decisions on the items stipulated by laws and regulations and to supervise the execution of business.
Full-time Audit & Supervisory Board member
The Audit & Supervisory Board meets in principle at least once a month. The essential role of Audit & Supervisory Board members is to audit the legality of business execution by the directors through activities including attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors and other important Group organizations.
 Total members
Independent outside directors
Chair
 4 2
(4 men) (2 men)
 (All are independent)
  Total members
Inside directors
Independent outside directors
Chair
 624
(5 men, one woman) (2 men) (3 men, one woman) (All are independent)
624
(5 men, one woman) (2 men) (3 men, one woman) (All are independent)
President President
       Number of meetings in FY2019
[Nomination Advisory Committee] 1 time [Remuneration Advisory Committee] 2 times
To ensure objectivity in the selection of candidates for the post of director and in the setting of directors’ remuneration, advice is sought from the Nomination Advisory Committee and the Remuneration Advisory Committee, which are composed of four outside directors, in addition to the president and chief executive officer and one inside director (director responsible for President’s Office).
 Total members
Inside directors
Independent outside directors
Chair
 734
(6 men, one woman) (3 men) (3 men, one woman) President
The Corporate Governance Council was established as a body to assist in improving the effectiveness of the Board of Directors by providing relevant consultation. It is composed of four outside directors, in addition to the president and chief executive officer and two inside directors (director responsible for President’s Office and director responsible for Corporate Strategy Department)
Seibu Group Corporate Ethics Committee
Corporate Governance Council
(All are independent)
  Number of meetings in FY2019
1time
  Number of meetings in FY2019
The Seibu Group Corporate Ethics Committee was established as a body to undertake Group- wide coordination of the compliance system. It meets five times a year and is composed of the president and chief executive officer, the executive managing officers, the presidents of the main Group companies, and outside experts.
The Management Council was established as a body where managing officers and other relevant staff can discuss important matters, including agenda items for discussion by the Board of Directors, with the aim of improving the quality of decision-making. It meets in principle twice a month and is composed of the directors, the managing officers, the Audit & Supervisory Board members, and the presidents of the main Group companies.
4 times*
*To prevent the spread of COVID-19, the meeting scheduled for March 2020 was cancelled and the number of yearly meetings reduced to four.
 Management Council
Number of meetings in FY2019
22 times
 Annual Report 2020 35

 Management Approach for Creating Value
■ Effectiveness of the Board of Directors Every fiscal year, the Company evaluates the effectiveness of the Board of Directors in fulfilling its role and duties. In the evaluation for the fiscal 2019, the responses to a questionnaire survey on the execution of the role and duties by the Board of Directors were analyzed and evaluated. As well, a meeting was held of the Corporate Governance Council, which has a majority of outside directors, to confirm, based on the results of the survey, that the Board of Directors had been effective and to identify and share issues.
To improve the effectiveness of the Board of Directors in the fiscal 2019, time was secured to deal with individual agenda items by ensuring, among other items, that documentation for meetings was being distributed in advance. Measures were also taken to base discussions more firmly on an awareness of the management PDCA cycle and to promote more active discussions. Regarding the impact of COVID-19, as the
Board of Directors had already begun conference calls and videoconferencing with document sharing, the Board was able to continue holding meetings using these tools. Going forward, the Company will continue working to improve the overall effectiveness of the Board of Directors by intensifying discussions on strategies to increase Group corporate value and to pursue other initiatives.
◆ Initiatives to pursue effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Fiscal 2018
・Review of decision-making system ・Improvements in Board meeting procedures
Fiscal 2019
・Securing time to deal with agenda items by ensuring advance distribution of meeting documents
・Discussions with increased awareness of PDCA cycle, more active discussions
■ Corporate officer remuneration: system design and decision-making process
◆ Envisioning a fundamental approach and compensation system
The remuneration system for the Company’s directors (excluding outside directors) follows the Seibu Holdings Directors’ Remuneration Policy. Remuneration includes basic remuneration supplemented by an annual incentive, as well, Company shares, etc. are allocated each year of the director’s term of office depending on position and business performance. Also, for long-term incentives, Company shares, etc. are allocated depending on the director’s position at retirement. The relative proportion of these components in the director’s remuneration is set with the aim of increasing the incentive for directors to contribute to maximizing medium- to long-term business performance as well as corporate and shareholder value. For outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, in view of their roles and their independent status, basic remuneration only is provided.
◆ Process for deciding directors’ remuneration (excluding outside directors)
Directors’ basic remuneration is decided by a representative director appointed by the Board of Directors and is set within a total remuneration range that is determined by a resolution at the General Meeting of Shareholders. Remuneration reflects the duties and responsibilities of the director. The representative director, in connection with this decision, consults with the Remuneration Advisory Committee, on which four outside directors form the majority, to help ensure objectivity and transparency.
Before introducing the directors’ share compensation plan, advice was sought from the Remuneration Advisory Committee, on which four outside directors form the majority. To increase the directors’ motivation and morale, the Board of Directors has adopted internal regulations to determine, within the range resolved by the General Meeting of Shareholders, the number of points to be awarded. These points consider a balance between the level of the directors’ basic remuneration, their duties and responsibilities, and their business performance.
Corporate officers’remuneration (FY 2019)
    Total
remuneration, etc.
(millions of yen)
Share compensation plan
Number of eligible officers
  Corporate officer category
Amount of remuneration by type (millions of yen)
Basic remuneration
  Annual
Long-term
      Directors (excluding outside directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board members
(excluding Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
  Outside corporate officers
   298 241 – 57 8
29 29 – – 1
87 87 – – 6
   36
Seibu Holdings Inc.
*1 During their period of office as directors of the Company, three directors who served concurrently as directors of a subsidiary received corporate officer remuneration and other benefits from the subsidiary, the total amount of which was ¥167 million. Additionally, one Audit & Supervisory Board member who serves concurrently as a fulltime Audit & Supervisory Board member of a subsidiary has received corporate officer remuneration and other benefits from the subsidiary in the amount of ¥21 million.
*2 The annual upper limit of directors’ basic remuneration as determined by a resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders is ¥660 million (including ¥120 million for outside directors, excluding salaries paid to employees serving concurrently as directors).
To handle share allocations, a Board Benefit Trust (BBT) has been established. The upper limit of the amount transferred to the trust for every three fiscal years is ¥300 million for the annual incentive and ¥450 million for the long-term incentive.
*3 The annual upper limit of the basic remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board members is ¥100 million.
*4 The amount of share compensation (annual incentive and long-term incentive) corresponds to the share acquisition costs recorded in the relevant fiscal year and is based on the number of points awarded to each director. As the annual incentive is linked to business performance and the award conditions were not met in the fiscal 2019, no provision was recorded.

■ Communication with investors
The Company recognizes the importance of listening carefully to opinions expressed by shareholders and investors, and then reflecting them in management operations. We therefore have an Investor Relations Department in charge of this area which works to improve communication with shareholders and investors, based on our policy related to the Investor Relations Activities.
[Main new policy measures and improvements in the fiscal 2019]
・Holding ESG meetings
・Holding small meetings with President and small meetings on
hotel operations
・Enhanced ESG coverage in the Fact Book
 Category
Dialogue with individual investors and shareholders
Item
Activities
 Dialogue with institutional investors and analysts
 Disclosure
  Briefing meetings for individual investors
Financial results briefings
Meetings organized by the Company
Participation in conferences, etc.
Overseas investor relations events
Interviews and meetings with institutional investors
Cooperation with coverage by securities company analysts
Implementation of fair disclosure
・13 events at securities companies in Tokorozawa, Chichibu, Ikebukuro, etc. ・Participation at the Nikkei IR & Investor Fair (August)
・Online corporate information briefing (December)
・Online briefing for sales staff (February)
Briefings on an outline of financial results, medium-term management plan, and growth strategy (May, November)
Small meeting with President (June), small meeting on hotel operations (September), ESG meeting (December)
Participation in conferences organized by securities companies (four events, 22 business meetings)
May: Hong Kong, Singapore (22 business meetings); July: North America (seven business meetings); September: Europe (17 business meetings).
113 events (incl. four ESG meetings)
42 times including with six securities companies
・Streaming audio on website from financial results briefings (with English translations)
・Disclosure of briefing documents and Q&A content from small meetings (with English translation)
                General meeting of shareholders
 Date
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019*1
 No. of shareholders attending
 Percentage of voting rights issued
 Date of sending of convocation notice
 TDnet*2 publication date
  Thursday, June 21, 2018
677
78.7%
Friday, June 21, 2019
525
79.2%
Friday May 31, 2019
Wednesday, May 22, 2019 (Japanese) Tuesday, May 28, 2019 (English)
Thursday, June 25, 2020
123
81.0%
Monday, June 8, 2020
Thursday, May 28, 2020 (Japanese) Wednesday, June 3, 2020 (English)
   Wednesday, May 30, 2018
Wednesday, May 23, 2018 (Japanese) Saturday, May 26, 2018 (English)
  *1 For the General Meeting of Shareholders for the fiscal 2019, in the interest of preventing the spread of COVID-19, shareholders have been requested to not attend on the day of the General Meeting of Shareholders but instead, as far as possible, to exercise voting rights in advance via the Internet, etc., or in writing.
*2 Service operated by Tokyo Stock Exchange for timely disclosure releases.
Annual Report 2020 37

 Management Approach for Creating Value
Roundtable discussion with the President and Outside Directors
The role of the Board of Directors in generating conglomerate synergy
   38
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Takashi Goto President and CEO
Eiko Ohya Outside director
Apr. 1972
Jun. 2000 Sep. 2000 Apr. 2001 Mar. 2003
Apr. 2004 Feb. 2005 May 2005 Feb. 2006
Jun. 2006 May 2007 Jun. 2010
Joined The Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank, Ltd.
(currently Mizuho Financial Group, Inc.)
Managing Officer of The Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank, Ltd.
Managing Officer of Mizuho Holdings, Inc.
Executive Managing Officer of Mizuho Holdings, Inc.
Executive Managing Officer of Mizuho Financial Group, Inc.
Executive Managing Director of Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd. (currently Mizuho Bank, Ltd.)
Vice President and Director of Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd.
Special Adviser of Seibu Railway Co., Ltd.
President and Representative Director of the company
Director of Prince Hotels, Inc. (present)
President and Representative Director of Seibu Holdings Inc. (present) President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company (present) Senior Executive Officer of Prince Hotels, Inc.
Director and Owner of Saitama Seibu Lions (present)
Director and Chairman of Seibu Railway Co., Ltd. (present)
Jun. 1969 Aug. 1984 Jul. 1991 Jun. 2001 May 2007 Apr. 2008 Jun. 2013
Representative Director of Nippon Information Systems Inc. Representative Director of Office E Co., Ltd.
Representative Director of Ohya Eiko Jimusho Co., Ltd. (present) Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Shiseido Company, Ltd. Outside Director of Takashimaya Company, Limited
President of Oya Soichi Bunko (currently Oya Soichi Library) (present) Outside Director of Seibu Holdings Inc. (present)
Fostering an organizational culture that can take on challenges with a strong determination to quickly provide impressive new services to customers
Note: A roundtable discussion on COVID-19 countermeasures was held on July 30, 2020. The Profiles are as of July 31, 2020.

Takehiko Ogi Outside director
Keiji Goto Outside director
Masafumi Tsujihiro Outside director
   Apr. 1984
May 2000
Jun. 2002
Jul. 2004
Nov. 2004 Apr. 2007 Feb. 2010
Dec. 2010 Jun. 2013 Jun. 2015 Aug. 2015
Joined the Ministry of International Trade and Industry (currently Ministry of Economy,Trade and Industry) President and Representative Director
of TSUTAYA online Corporation
Representative Managing Director
of Culture Convenience Club Co., Ltd.
Managing Director of Industrial Revitalization Corporation of Japan
President and Chief Executive Officer of Kanebo Ltd. President of Maruzen Company, Limited
President of CHI Group Co., Ltd.
(currently Maruzen CHI Holdings, Co., Ltd.)
President of 2Dfacto, Inc.
Outside Director of Seibu Holdings Inc. (present)
Outside Director of MISUMI Group Inc. (present) President and Representative Director
of Japan Human Resources Co., Ltd. (present)
Apr. 1982 Jun. 1992
Apr. 2001
Jan. 2003
Aug. 2004
Aug. 2005
Mar. 2006
Jul. 2008 Apr. 2009 May 2012
Jun. 2013 Jun. 2015 Jun. 2016
Joined the National Police Agency
Assistant Counsellor of Cabinet Secretariat
of Cabinet Legislation Bureau
Director, Community Safety Department
of Osaka Prefectural Police Headquarters
Director, Police Administration Department
of Aichi Prefectural Police Headquarters
Counsellor of Cabinet Secretariat
(in charge of security and crisis management)
Registered as attorney at law Joined
Nishimura & Partners (currently Nishimura & Asahi)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
of Hakuyosha Co., Ltd.
Established Goto Compliance Law Firm
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of Prince Hotels, Inc. Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
of Central Security Patrols, Co., Ltd. (present)
Director of Prince Hotels, Inc. (present)
Outside Director of Seibu Holdings Inc. (present)
Outside Corporate Auditor of Fukuda Denshi Co., Ltd. (present)
Apr. 1981 Apr. 2001 Sep. 2004 Jun. 2006 Apr. 2014 Jun. 2014 Apr. 2015
Apr. 2018 Jun. 2018 Apr. 2020
Joined DIAMOND, Inc.
Editor-in-Chief of DIAMOND, Inc.
Director of Marketing Bureau of DIAMOND, Inc. Director of DIAMOND, Inc.
Adviser of Prince Hotels, Inc.
Outside Director of Prince Hotels, Inc.
Professor, Faculty of Economics at Teikyo University (present)
Director of Seibu Railway Co., Ltd. (present) Outside Director of Seibu Holdings Inc. (present) Director of Prince Hotels, Inc. (present)
   Question
❶
How do you view the Seibu Group’s corporate value and strengths now that economic conditions are expected to remain severe due to the impact of COVID-19?
Takashi Goto The Seibu Group’s strength is our structure: a variety of businesses that are integrated to form a single dynamic enterprise, which we believe represents a conglomerate premium. As an example of what the Group can accomplish, when we replaced the Grand Prince Hotel Akasaka with a multi-purpose complex called Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho, completed in July 2016, net operating income from the property increased by about five times.
In the same way, we plan to replace stand-alone hotels in Tokyo’s Shinagawa, Takanawa, and Shibakoen districts with multi-purpose buildings, using Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho as a model. Those redevelopment projects will be launched after the Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games in 2021.
Unfortunately, the outbreak of COVID-19 has been an obstacle to our ongoing success as a conglomerate. It is having a serious impact on the Group’s core railway and hotel businesses (both domestic and international), which operate based on the assumption that people normally travel without restrictions. Our professional baseball team, the Saitama Seibu Lions, has also been hit hard.
Despite COVID-19, at PRINCE VACATION CLUB hotels, business has been brisk. These are members-only resort hotels that opened in 2019 in the popular tourist areas of Karuizawa and Izu (see page 27). By diversifying our business model from a new viewpoint and with speed, we intend to continually create synergy as a conglomerate and seek to raise our corporate value.
Annual Report 2020 39

 Management Approach for Creating Value
Keiji Goto Prince hotels operate in both urban and resort areas and range from simple and affordable hotels for business travelers to luxury hotels, and now the members-only resorts that you just mentioned. Having such a diverse lineup of operations can lessen the impact of falling demand in the hotel market amid changing the environment caused by the spread of COVID-19. That is one of the Group’s strengths. Prince Hotels will have a very tough time in urban areas under the current circumstances, but I think the resorts and PRINCE VACATION CLUB hotels will see a recovery in demand. Perhaps we can also expect inbound demand to bounce back in the future.
Takehiko Ogi The values of consumers are said to be changing due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but to what extent is still unknown. To successfully compete in the aftermath of the pandemic, we will need to quickly determine how consumers’ values and behavior have changed, and then rapidly provide services that are in tune with those changes.
The Seibu Group’s businesses cover a wide range of markets from a business-to-consumer (B to C) perspective, so I think we are well positioned to quickly grasp consumer feelings for both daily and recreational needs. Our business portfolio is broader than other companies, so there is excellent potential for us to tailor services to the needs of the day.
For example, the Group can understand the emerging demand for “workcations,” a new trend attracting attention in Japan, because our operations include railway lines, office buildings, and resort hotels.
Eiko Ohya I also think there are wonderful opportunities. We now feel restrained in an atmosphere where people should not go out unless it is necessary or urgent due to the spread of COVID-19, but we need to find a balance. Sporting events, concerts, and theatrical productions have been restricted, and we are even told to hold back on hugging. It will not be possible to completely deny what makes us human.
Thankfully, the Seibu Group operates amusement parks, ski resorts and other leisure facilities that provide people with all kinds of enjoyable, relaxing, and exciting experiences that they do not normally have in everyday life. The COVID-19 outbreak has opened up opportunities for reforms in Japan. For example, few companies had adopted flextime and staggered workhour systems in the past, despite the benefits of these systems for employees, but now all kinds of systems like that are being reconsidered. Instead of dwelling on what can’t be done because of COVID-19, we should rethink everything and search for new opportunities.
Masafumi Tsujihiro As a service provider, the Seibu Group offers experiential value to consumers that companies in the manufacturing industry, for instance, cannot provide, and on that basis, we should have a solid understanding of why people travel and how they enjoy themselves, as Ms. Ohya pointed out. If consumer values have radically changed because of this pandemic and existing services lose their importance as a result, I believe the Group has the ability to create new services based on a fundamental relook at those values.
Offering value that diverse consumers can all experience is critical for succeeding in the service industry. In itself, that is real value. If a service being offered is uninteresting, consumers will immediately lose interest, but they will certainly use services that surpass their expectations, even if those services are more expensive. The Seibu Group must create those kinds of services, and I believe our ability and potential to do that may be the best in Japan.
Takashi Goto Since January this year, the outbreak of COVID-19 has made things difficult for us, and because times are now tough, I asked all Group employees to closely read the Group Vision again and collectively make a fresh start. Although we may feel unsure about
 40
Seibu Holdings Inc.

 going out freely under the current circumstances, if countermeasures to prevent the spread of the virus interfere too much with social and economic activities, Japan’s economy could collapse. According to the results of a survey conducted when the country was under a state of emergency, respondents ranked travel at the top of activities they want to do after the coronavirus outbreak is over. In my view, those findings show people’s desire for extraordinary or unusual experiences and that reaffirms the mission of the Seibu Group.
How would you sum up your participation in the Board of Directors over the past year?
  Question
❷
Eiko Ohya By attending Board meetings, as well as other management meetings, I learned a great deal about the Group’s operations and the challenges facing management. I also participated in inspections, which was very useful.
For example, I joined a test ride of a new limited express train. Actually riding in a train is the only way to fully appreciate it. A Board meeting was also held at the Lake Biwa Otsu Prince Hotel, which was very helpful for me to learn about the Group’s business operations in the Ohmi and Lake Biwa region.
Takehiko Ogi With respect to budgeting and other matters, Group companies have improved their ability to implement plan-do-check-act (PDCA) cycles. In the past, some companies did not fully report on why they couldn’t meet budget targets, but now all of them are clearly explaining what they could and couldn’t accomplish this and the reasons why. They have also started to apply lessons learned from the past, demonstrating the growing effectiveness of PDCA cycles.
Due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the pace of implementing some initiatives has slowed, but efforts are being made to develop new services, particularly by the Seibu Laboratory, a department specializing in new business creation (see page 13). I am impressed by how quickly the laboratory can act.
Masafumi Tsujihiro The Seibu Laboratory has earned a solid reputation within the Group as an organization that drives new business creation. I am really looking forward to the new businesses that they develop from now.
I have been looking back, from the perspective of corporate governance, on 2020 from March, when the spread of COVID-19 became serious in Japan. President Goto has provided clear directions, and the Board promptly deliberated on which operations and services should be suspended, and then had every organization make the necessary adjustments. The Board quickly held meetings to devise emergency measures for dealing with the situation over the short term, and specified tasks and issues to address over the medium and long terms.
Organizations that can immediately address both short-term and long-term issues are extremely important, in my opinion. Seibu Railway’s Board of Directors, on which I also serve as a director, takes this approach. In response to the long-term trend of Japan’s declining population, we are directly addressing the challenge of reducing our breakeven point. Members of the Board of Seibu Railways have been calling for a project to analyze fixed and variable costs, and to devise and execute effective countermeasures.
Keiji Goto Just when I thought that our management plan was making good progress, the outbreak of COVID-19 happened and dramatically changed the Group’s operating environment. Now it is essential to reinvigorate all Group businesses and get them back on track. I believe sports-related businesses have real potential for growth, so I would like to participate in comprehensive deliberations in management meetings on businesses connected with sports, including the Saitama Seibu Lions.
Annual Report 2020 41

 Management Approach for Creating Value
  42
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Question
❸
How do you think the effectiveness of the Board of Directors can be improved?
Takashi Goto I greatly appreciate the contributions of the outside directors in raising the effectiveness of the Board of Directors. They offer candid opinions and ideas, which are quite pointed at times. They evaluate the Company when we succeed, and make straightforward requests and suggestions when we are tackling issues. Every outside director specializes in a different field, and their expert advice is extremely helpful.
Masafumi Tsujihiro To improve the Board’s effectiveness, I think the directors in charge of departments and divisions should play a more active role to mutually support each other. They are responsible for their respective organizations, of course, but implementing projects across organizations is a top management challenge. For example, to execute the Group’s digital transformation (DX) using marketing-driven concepts, ideas from independent businesses will not work. Therefore, how relations are established between each business and the holding company is very important.
When executing those types of projects across organizations, confusion over responsibilities is the worst thing that can happen, but since it does occur, we need to be aware of it. Ways to prevent this confusion are common, but the directors in charge of departments and divisions should take the lead and do whatever they can within the scope of their authority.
Eiko Ohya I have served as an outside director at several companies in the past, but in comparison, Seibu Holdings encourages outside directors to participate in deliberations more actively. On the other hand, the
Company’s internal directors are still relatively reserved. If the Board had more discussions, as outside directors we could offer more informed ideas for the Group’s operations.
I would like the Board to foster a corporate culture that values a challenge. When too much importance is placed on safety and security, Japanese people tend to prefer just doing their jobs without aspiring to anything more. I would rather have a corporate culture that gives more recognition to employees who have the courage to take on challenges than those who simply get results. Nobody wants to fail, but if employees are encouraged to try again after failing, I think some will take on challenges without being afraid of failing.
   Question
❹
What are the biggest challenges for the Seibu Group going forward?
Takehiko Ogi I think that new businesses are being considered much more and initiatives to launch them are developing quickly. People inside our organizations are gradually gaining the courage to move beyond the old business models and create new ones, which is
something that should be encouraged.
From a long-term perspective, it will be important
for the Group to step up social and environmental initiatives. For that reason, in management meetings we have discussed how the Company can promote diversity

and the specific ways of doing that are supported by all of the meeting participants. The executive officer overseeing these initiatives has stated that they will be carried out with determination, but the Group’s success in promoting diversity will depend on the commitment of all employees. The Group has power of drive (see page 49).
Eiko Ohya In management meetings, some participants have said that the Group has capable women, but most are relatively young. When promoting employees, instead of focusing on age and academic background, I think different criteria should be used. There might not be any point to promote women unless they are people who can change the male-dominated work culture.
Masafumi Tsujihiro There are a range of social initiatives being pursued, such as promoting diversity and improving workplace conditions, but in short, we would like to see that the Group will be highly flexible and adapt to the change and grow sustainably. To create an outstanding organization, everyone must consider which mission to embrace and what needs to be changed. In my view, our corporate culture is not an issue that will change over the next year or two, but reform programs will need to be implemented in the years ahead with a strong commitment.
Seibu Holdings posted earnings growth from the time it relisted on the Tokyo Stock Exchange in 2014 until the fiscal 2019, when the COVID-19 outbreak began having an impact. We will probably not achieve similar results again unless our organizational and corporate culture continues to evolve. Now, the Group will need to resolutely push ahead with programs designed to empower our organizations while dealing with the impact of COVID-19 with even greater flexibility.
Keiji Goto Stepping up ways to help achieve the UN’s Social Development Goals (SDGs) will also be important for the Group’s social initiatives. Among them, along with social issues and human rights, I would like the Group to focus on providing support for children. As an example of this support, individual and groups of players from the Saitama Seibu Lions offer donations to children living in foster care homes. At the same time, Seibu Railway has been working with local residents and businesses to increase value in catchment areas, and Prince Hotels is reducing food loss.
The kinds of initiatives that have been taken so far will need to be stepped up in the era of COVID-19. By earning the trust of the public, corporate value of the Group will be raised.
Takashi Goto Indeed, the Group has helped to stop child abuse and to protect human rights. Among these initiatives, the Seibu Lions held a special day for raising awareness of child abuse in the previous fiscal year. The Group also joined The Valuable 500, an international campaign that aims to have large corporations commit to including people with disabilities. Seibu Railway began using a smartphone app designed by Mirairo Inc. to make it easier for people with disabilities to travel (see page 48).
In the meantime, we have been making steady progress in strengthening corporate governance by incorporating suggestions from the outside directors made during deliberations in Board meetings. There is still room for improvement, of course, so your advice will be needed going forward.
The Company posted solid results since being relisted, but we have many things to consider now amid the outbreak of COVID-19. There are some issues that cannot be addressed in normal times. There are also management reforms and human resources issues, such as recruiting mid-career employees and promoting diversity. I want to quickly tackle these issues head on, so I look forward to hearing your ideas in the future.
 Annual Report 2020 43

 Management Approach for Creating Value
Sustainability Actions
The Seibu Group’s initiatives for a more sustainable society
 ■ System established to promote sustainability Based on the Group Vision of our Management Philosophy, the Seibu Group has been acting sustainably—organized under four categories of 12 key objectives—to help create more sustainable society. Recently we created a system (shown on the next page) to continually, proactively, and systematically promote these actions going forward. Specifically, we established the Seibu Group Sustainability Committee to provide direction and to monitor progress, and the Seibu Group Council for Promotion of Sustainability Actions to share information on plans for making steady progress across the Group.
■ Setting targets to reduce our environmental burden We created the Seibu Group Environmental Policy with the goal of proactively and systematically providing real solutions to the environmental issues faced by society.
Guided by this policy, we have set a target to reduce our CO2 emissions (shown on the next page), which is a big challenge for everyone today. To further help combat global warming, we
Ryuichiro Nishiyama
Director Senior Managing Officer
are upgrading trains and equipment to energy-saving models, while using renewable energy.
■ Creating businesses through actions for sustainability The Japanese government has launched an initiative called
Society 5.0 to broadly apply technological innovations to the country’s economy. At the same time, companies and governments around the world have been adopting the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals. These initiatives indicate how the consciousness of people has changed and could evolve further due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe that this trend creates opportunities for new businesses going forward.
For example, we launched an agribusiness by drawing on Seibu Landscape’s expertise in cultivating greenery and for managing public parks. Moreover, besides using the Group’s own resources, we have been working with stakeholders on a project for reducing food waste and other types of waste. Called LOSS TO VALUE, this program takes a broad, multifaceted approach to devising and implementing solutions through an open platform.
Seibu’s key objectives and priority areas for SDGs
Customer safety
Environmental conservation
Community engagement
Corporate culture
 Categories
Key Objectives
Ensure safety and reliability
Related SDGs
  Greenhouse gas reduction, Waste reduction, Ensuring water supply, Protecting forest and species
 Invigoration of railroad corridor and local communities, Improving accessibility through universal design, Aging population and low birthrate
       44
Seibu Holdings Inc.
Work style reforms, Recruiting diverse workforce, Human resources development and Human resource management, Compliance

■ Sustainability Actions Implementation Framework chart
Seibu Group Sustainability Committee (meets twice annually, in principle) Mission
Improve the effectiveness of sustainability actions carried out Group-
wide by providing direction and monitoring progress
Members
Seibu Holdings’ president and CEO (serves as committee chair); executive officer in charge of the President’s Office; executive officer in charge of the Corporate Strategy Department; and presidents of main operating companies
Responsibilities
• Report on the progress of sustainability action initiatives taken by subsidiaries (including reports on CO2 emissions)
• Formulate policies and programs, such as the key objectives of the sustainability actions
Seibu Group Council for Promotion of Sustainability Actions
Mission
Share direction and progress reports among subsidiaries and promote
systematic progress
Members
General manager of the President’s Office of Seibu Holdings (serves as council chair) and representatives from the sustainability action teams at subsidiaries
Responsibilities
• Provide information on directions deliberated by the Seibu Group Sustainability Committee
  Seibu Group Sustai
Board of Directors
President & Chief
Executive Officer
nability Committee
 President’s Office (Sustainability Actions supervising department)
  Group subsidiaries
■ Target set for reducing CO2 emissions
Aiming to lower our environmental burden, the Seibu Group has set a target to reduce CO2 emissions per unit of revenue by 25% by fiscal 2030 compared with the fiscal 2018 level. Reduced emissions from electricity supplied to the market by the Group’s solar energy business are factored into the total reduction amount.
■ Creating sustainable businesses through the project of LOSS TO VALUE
In the fiscal 2018, we have been working for reducing food waste and other common forms of waste in Japan through new business ideas from inside and outside the Company. Having received many proposals, we are now aiming to launch these new businesses through an open platform with companies, organizations, and entrepreneurs from various industries and specialties.
The first step is to conduct a survey of farmers along the Seibu Line with the aim of developing product that utilize off- specification and discarded fruits and vegetables. We will start from commercialization and operationalization within the Seibu Group.
• Report on the progress of sustainability actions
• Share information on Group-wide plans
 Prom department
Seibu Group Council for Promotion of Sustainability Actions
 oting
Prom
   department
Business Business Business Business Business Business company company company company company company
oting
Prom
oting department
    Target for reducing CO2 emissions by fiscal 2030 compared with
the fiscal 2018 level
25
%
 Urban Transportation and Regional
Construction
Image of LOSS TO VALUE
Hotel and Leisure
A strong platform built on society's cohesive power (SDGs)
SDGs as businesses
Hawaii business
Real Estate
Other
By raising the potential of businesses through openness, a favorable impact can be expected not only on new businesses but also existing businesses.
 Annual Report 2020 45
s
k
s
a
T
K
n
o
w
-
h
o
w
k
r
o
w
t
e
N
I
d
e
a
s

                Management Approach for Creating Value
 Customer safety
Key objective
Ensure safety and reliability
■ Prepare for accidents and train service disruptions
Seibu Railway has been installing safety barriers on station platforms to ensure the safety of passengers and we have been building grade-separated railway crossings on train lines to eliminate accidents at level crossings of tracks and roads. We have also taken steps to mitigate serious damage from natural disasters. In preparation for a major earthquake in the greater Tokyo area, the company has developed a BCP (business continuity plan) designed to quickly resume train services. As well, we hold drills aimed at improving the plan and promptly securing the safety
■ Setting new standards for safety
With the spread of COVID-19, people have raised their expectations for cleanliness and safety.
In response, the Seibu Group has implemented systems and initiatives for ensuring the safety of customers who use our services (see pages 50 to 51). Looking ahead, the Group will promote sustainability for ensuring safety standards during the pandemic era.
Stickers are posted on the doors of Prince Hotel rooms to assure guests that rooms have been thoroughly cleaned and disinfected
     of passengers and employees during emergencies. To ensure safety during torrential rains and typhoons, we closely monitor conditions on railway tracks using cameras installed at sections that have been flooded in the past.
Employees conduct a drill to resume train services
   Preparing for disasters in cooperation with local communities
The Seibu Group cooperates with local governments to ensure disaster preparedness and to help keep communities safe.
Seibu Railway
Seibu Railway has committed to assisting stranded commuters through agreements with municipalities served by our railway lines, and we stock all stations with drinking water and other relief supplies that would be needed in times of disaster.
Seibu Properties
At Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho in Tokyo’s Chiyoda Ward, and the DaiyaGate Ikebukuro in Toshima Ward, Seibu Properties has prepared for disasters by stockpiling emergency relief supplies and has designated spaces as emergency shelters for people who are unable
 A drill for assisting stranded commuters
Relief supplies are stored at all train stations
DaiyaGate Ikebukro
to return home following transportation stoppages, in cooperation with the governments of each ward.
 46
Seibu Holdings Inc.

            Environmental conservation
Key objectives
Greenhouse gas reduction, Waste reduction, Ensuring water supply, Protecting forest and species
■ Main methods for reducing CO2 emissions
The Seibu Group has been working to reduce emissions of CO2, the principal greenhouse gas contributing to global warming. For example, the Group upgrades trains and equipment to energy-saving models, and is proactively shifting to renewable energy sources to reduce fossil fuel use and greenhouse gas emissions. To accelerate these efforts and lower our environmental burden, the Group has set an ambitious new target for reducing CO2 emissions (see page 45).
・Adopting energy-saving trains and equipment
・Reducing energy used by using natural energy, and
controlling greenhouse gas emissions ・Saving energy with various kinds of equipment
■ Protecting the groundwater at construction sites
At construction sites, Seibu Construction prevents any contamination of the groundwater by completely lining the landfill walls with a natural material called bentonite clay.
■ Agreement for conserving biodiversity
Every company in the Seibu Group works to protect biodiversity, such as caring for indigenous trees and shrubs at work sites, and maintaining and planting forests in cooperation with local governments. Some of these programs were featured in the Japanese Business Federation’s (Keidanren) report on biodiversity initiatives, (published in June 2020), taken by signatories of its declaration
on biodiversity, and endorsed by the Seibu Group.
       The Seibu Group’s Environmental Policy
WEB https://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/assets/pdf/environment_01.pdf
    The Group’s first agribusiness launched with the founding of Seibu Agribusiness Inc.
Seibu Agribusiness Inc. was founded in April 2020 to acquire approval to grow produce, which is required by law in Japan. The company will make effective use of land owned by the Seibu Group by applying the know-how that Seibu Landscape Co., Ltd., their parent company, has built up through landscaping operations, including cultivating greenery and managing public parks.
By 2021, we plan to start selling blueberries grown on about 17,000 square meters of previously unused land in Tokorozawa, Saitama Prefecture. In the future, we want to leverage the synergies among our businesses by having various Group companies become involved in selling and processing food products. We will also promote sustainability by helping develop and reinvigorate local communities through agriculture.
Tomomi Seino Representative Director Seibu Agribusiness Inc.
 Annual Report 2020 47

               Management Approach for Creating Value
 Community engagement
Key objectives
Invigoration of railroad corridor and local communities, Improving accessibility through universal design, Aging population and low birthrate
■ Promoting local areas through industry-academia collaboration
In April 2018, Seibu Railway and the Nihon University College of Art concluded an agreement to jointly use their respective intellectual, local, and human resources in collaborative educational, research, and social contribution projects. In one project launched in February 2019, students from the college created artworks to be displayed on platforms at Ikebukuro Station to advertise the company’s new Laview train for express services.
Seibu Railway has also been initiating industry-academia tie- ups to spread information about the attractiveness of areas along our railway lines. In a project launched in August 2019 called the Ekoda Canvas Project, the company teamed up with three universities located around Ekoda Station on the Seibu Ikebukuro line to discover and promote
interesting areas in their local
communities.
Students/residents involved in a collaborative project with Seibu Railway
■ Making it easier for families to raise children
The Seibu Group is carrying out initiatives and offering a variety of services that make it easier for families to raise children in communities served by our railway lines. For example, Seibu Railway designated special zones for baby strollers and wheelchairs on our 40000-series commuter trains, and operates the Nicot brand of childcare centers conveniently located near train stations. As an educational initiative, the Group provides children with opportunities to experience what it is like to work at a Group company. In addition, the Saitama Seibu Lions professional baseball team organizes special days for raising public awareness about child abuse and the need to prevent it.
      Seibu Lions’ players help raise awareness of child abuse
Special zones on one of Seibu Railway’s 40000-series trains
   Improve accessibility through universal design
In June 2020, the Seibu Group joined The Valuable 500, an international campaign that aims to have large corporations around the world commit to including people with disabilities. Specifically, the Group has committed to improving facilities that accommodate diverse customers, providing services that satisfy them, promoting employment of people with disabilities, and creating comfortable work environments.
In line with this commitment, the Group has been applying universal design (UD) principles to improve accessibility at train stations, hotels, and other commercial facilities, while extending employment opportunities for people with disabilities. We are also participating in a campaign by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government to raise awareness of accessibility in the lead up to the 2020 Tokyo Paralympic Games, and we are increasing the number of places where people with disabilities can easily enjoy the services using registered smartphone apps (with disability certificates).
 48
Seibu Holdings Inc.

        Corporate culture
Key objectives
Work style reforms, Recruiting diverse workforce, Human resources development and Human resource management, Compliance
■ Fostering workplaces that allow individuals and groups to maximize their potential
The Seibu Group is creating more comfortable and satisfying job conditions by making changes to our human resource systems, workplaces, and corporate culture, enabling employees to work with a sense of security and for workplaces to help maximize the potential of both individuals and groups.
Vision for new workplace reforms
■ Training programs for continual human resource development
The Seibu Group provides a broad range of training programs to employees, including programs designed to equip every level of employee with the required skills and leadership development programs that include enrollment in university management courses. In fiscal 2018, the Group began offering a seminar program to allow employees to study a wide array of topics and liberal arts disciplines. In addition, the Group offers online access to the seminars for employees who work from home or other offsite locations.
Seminar topics (example)
Sustainable Development Goals, digitization, new business development, diversity, marketing, psychology, and cross-cultural communication
     Past
● Eliminated long working hours
 Strictly enforced rules established to limit working hours
Today
● Allowing flexible working conditions ・Adopting staggered working hours and
telecommuting systems
・Replacing paperwork with digital documents ・Enabling work mobility using smart devices
Future
● Develop and maximize potential ・Encourage individual initiative in the workplace ・Revamp training systems to offer more diverse
learning options
・Create opportunities for gaining knowledge
and experience in other workplaces inside and
outside the Group
    Female managers at three main companies*
Unit: person
5.4%
   Promoting diversity
While aiming to raise our corporate value, the Seibu Group has been taking steps to foster workplaces where all employees are respected and can make the most of their respective skills and personal initiative.
For example, since 2016, the Group has organized an annual workshop for female employees to help advance their careers, improve their skills, and for managers to increase awareness of career development.
The Group also built nursery available to employees with children and held a workshop to help employees make a smooth transition back to work after childcare leave.
4.1%
5.0% 4.4%
3.6%
(FY) 2015
2016 2017 2018 2019
75
 72
 57
61
 47
 * Seibu Holdings Inc., Seibu Railway Co., Ltd., and Prince Hotels Inc.
A career advancement workshop for women
   Annual Report 2020 49

 Management Approach for Creating Value
Response to the COVID-19 Pandemic
As a social infrastructure provider, we commit to social responsibility.
We will keep our operations resilient while placing emphasis on security and safety.
To prevent transmission to customers and employees and to limit the spread of infection, the Seibu Group has introduced a range of initiatives with the understanding and cooperation of the public.
Amid the crisis caused by COVID-19 infections, we have continued working to ”bring smiles and good spirits” to customers and society by recalling the fundamentals of our management philosophy: All of us at the Seibu Group work to help develop the local communities, as well as society at large, to
protect the environment, and to provide safe, pleasant services for memorable experiences. We also proudly and responsibly meet the challenge of creating the kind of new services that will move customers.
We have also provided the Shinagawa Prince Hotel East Tower for the short-stay isolation of people with mild COVID-19 symptoms, in this way helping to relieve the burden on healthcare professionals.
Main action taken before the state of emergency declared by the Japanese government (April 7)
2020 January (end) February (mid) February (end)
March (start)
Seibu issues a message to place employees on alert
Seibu advocates telecommuting and flexible working styles to prevent the spread of COVID-19
Seibu Board of Directors deliberate on measures for preventing COVID-19 infections
・We reaffirm the safety and security of customers and employees as our highest priority
・Outside directors recommend taking immediate action, through telecommuting and other means, to
minimize the number of employees going to work, and they issued clearer instructions for fully implementing staggered working hours
Seibu announces press release: Seibu Group measures to prevent COVID-19 infection
Information on infection countermeasures and facility operations was announced, followed by periodic updates
■Emergency response by stakeholder group
  Policy while under the state of emergency
Policy after the state of emergency has been lifted
 Customers
 Continued operation of railways, buses, and taxis Infection prevention measures (ventilation, disinfection, etc.)
Provided online content for stay-at-home entertainment
  Lead existing businesses to swift earnings recovery and growth, while maintaining rigorous infection prevention initiatives
Provide on- and off-line content to relieve
the stress of COVID-related restrictions, while maintaining social distancing
  Employees
Switched to minimum operations with employees, in principle, either on leave or working from home Employees on leave recommended to take self study courses
Emphasis on ensuring safety and security, customer oriented approach, and earning ethical profits
 Resume operations and reopen facilities in line with assessment of demand/need
Emphasize ensuring safety and security, customer- oriented approach, and earning ethical profits
  Business clients
 Reduced rent on leased facilities, postponed collection of receivables, provided support for claiming official assistance
  Seek new business opportunities
  Shareholders
  Provided up-to-date, accurate information and hold dialogues
   Provide up-to-date, accurate information and hold dialogues
  Lenders
Secured necessary operating funds Provided up-to-date, accurate information
 Secure necessary operating funds Re-establish financial soundness
Provide up-to-date, accurate information
 50
Seibu Holdings Inc.

■Emergency response by business segment
  Policy while under the state of emergency
Fulfilled social infrastructure role by operating railways, buses, and taxis, while monitoring trends in demand and the spread of infection
Policy after the state of emergency has been lifted
   Urban Transportation and Regional
Prepare for resumption of normal operations with priority on safety and security
For leisure and other facilities, make arrangements for socially distanced operation to allow reopening and swift earnings recovery and growth
Disinfection of train Disinfection of ticket interiors machines
        Hotel and Leisure
Concentrated on five hotels with relatively high demand
Provided hotels for short-stay isolation of people with mild COVID-19 symptoms
Provided emotional support actively for staying at home through cooking videos, reports on temporarily closed facilities
Introduce Prince Safety Commitment*, a safety and security- oriented service standard, for resuming operations and swift earnings recovery and growth
Introduce service innovations, by drawing on Seibu strengths, for example, large-area sites and integrated planning of accommodation, banqueting and dining, and integrated operation of hotels, golf courses, and ski hills.
Hotels switched from restaurant buffet-style meals to new table arrangements and serving methods
   Prince Safety Commitment
WEB https://www.princehotels.com/en/safety/
      Real Estate
Continued operation of offices and residential facilities with measures to prevent infection Temporarily closed commercial facilities, with certain exceptions
For commercial and other facilities, plan for socially distanced operation to allow for reopening and swift earnings recovery and growth
Continue studying large-scale development projects for after normalization
      Construction
Continued operations with reduced working days
Increase contracts from outside the Group, improve profit margin
      Other
Postponed baseball games and other events Izuhakone and Ohmi businesses followed the policy of Urban Transportation and Regional Business
Hold socially distanced baseball games and other events for swift earnings recovery and growth
Izuhakone and Ohmi businesses follow the policy of Urban Transportation and Regional Business
      New Businesses
Decided on opening date for new facilities and projects in line with assessments of demand/need Continued exploring commercialization of proposals for new businesses
Decide opening date for new operations and facilities, in line with progress toward normalization
Carry out projects at early stage while placing priority on existing businesses
 Annual Report 2020 51

  Financial Section
Six-Year Financial Overview
Operating results Operating revenue
Urban Transportation and Regional Railway operations
Bus operations
Leisure facilities along railway lines Others
Hotel and Leisure
City hotels operations Resort hotels operations Golf courses operations Others
Real Estate
Leasing operations Others
Constructions Hawaii Business Other Adjustment
Operating profit
Urban Transportation and Regional Hotel and Leisure
Real Estate
Construction
Hawaii Business Other Adjustment
Ordinary profit
Extraordinary income Extraordinary losses
Profit before income taxes Total income taxes
Profit
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent
Depreciation
Capital expenditures
EBITDA*1
Urban Transportation and Regional Hotel and Leisure
Real Estate
Construction
Hawaii Business Other Adjustment
Financial positions
Total assets
Cash and deposits
Total liabilities Interest-bearing debt
Net assets
Per share information
Basic earnings per share (EPS) Diluted earnings per share Net assets per share (BPS) Cash dividend per share Dividend payout ratio
Average number of outstanding common shares during the period
Management indicies
Ratio of operating profit to net sales
Return on equity (ROE)
Ratio of ordinary profit to total assets (ROA) Equity-to-asset ratio
Net D/E ratio
Net interest-bearing debt/EBITDA ratio Net interest-bearing debt
Cash flows
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flow from financing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Free cash flow*2
Number of employees (consolidated)
Unit
FY2014
FY2015
        Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
% 10.3 % 11.1 % 2.9 % 24.1
481,727
155,732 102,346 25,102 21,533 6,750 175,121 100,182 36,245 12,171 26,521 48,571 30,209 18,361 97,991 13,955 36,574
(46,220) 49,620
23,009 10,550 14,757
2,809 (1,367) 875 (1,013)
42,099
7,478
9,249 40,328 5,465 34,862 34,912
40,430 63,139
90,051
44,599 21,617 18,650
3,105 333 3,301
(1,555)
1,519,911 23,586 1,152,474 840,329 367,437
102.50
102.50 1,073.50 8.0 % 7.8 Millions of Shares 340.5
508,081
157,359 104,939 25,610 21,724 5,085 188,021 106,820 38,308 12,227 30,665 49,690 31,265 18,424 104,983 19,303 37,543
(48,819) 65,956
25,884 20,628 14,528
3,694 (836) 1,083
972
58,525
30,919 23,864 65,581
8,293 57,288 57,207
40,745 80,609
106,701
46,738 32,069 18,760
4,048 1,233 3,691
159
1,553,092 22,417 1,160,443 843,745 392,649
167.89
167.84 1,148.30 17.0 10.1 340.7
13.0 15.1 3.8 25.2 2.2 7.7 821,328
75,757 (76,334) (877)
21,085 (576) 22,246
               Yen Yen Yen Yen
   Times
Times Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen Millions of Yen
2.3
9.1 816,742
80,168 (76,012) (5,428) 22,596
4,155 22,030
          52 Seibu Holdings Inc.
*1 Calculated as total of operating profit, depreciation, and amortization of goodwill. *2 Cash flow from operating activities + cash flow from investing activities

      FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
   512,009
156,494 105,123 25,531 20,798 5,041 188,544 105,319 38,826 12,266 32,132 53,771 35,447 18,323 114,996 23,167 37,228
(62,192) 62,456
26,804 14,092 7,889 9,825 4,250 720
(1,126) 57,472
9,066
8,005 58,533 10,898 47,634 47,564
45,658 138,915
108,115
47,489 26,969 16,201 10,206
6,044
3,366 (2,162)
1,627,868 29,071 1,267,735 909,104 360,133
149.39
149.31 1,132.40 23.0 15.4 318.3
12.2 12.7 3.6 21.8 2.6 8.1 880,032
92,418 (133,931) 48,162
27,551 (41,513) 22,834
530,631
162,056 106,354 25,937 22,095 7,668 204,854 119,776 40,677 12,575 31,825 62,292 42,506 19,785 100,002 15,375 39,427
(53,376) 64,259
27,254 17,299 15,818
4,752 (2,002) 1,048 88
55,490
2,156
6,695 50,951 7,511 43,439 42,908
51,000 89,903
115,580
49,062 32,739 25,077
1,669,223 29,943 1,274,275 905,091 394,947
136.67
136.57 1,240.09 23.0 16.8 313.9
12.1 11.5 3.4 23.3 2.3 7.6 875,147
103,772 (88,083) (13,549) 29,628 15,689
23,564
565,939
163,088 106,549 26,351 22,551 7,636 219,801 128,079 42,185 12,783 36,751 69,651 46,652 22,998 109,690 19,089 41,931
(57,313) 73,332
27,087 19,741 20,095
5,890 (1,377) 1,252
641
65,415
2,795
7,834 60,376 14,436 45,939 45,457
53,126 83,317
127,329
48,765 36,077 30,420
6,315
1,206 3,960 4,312 (509) 231
554,590
161,168 106,488 25,847 21,590 7,242 209,153 120,015 40,183 12,294 36,660 66,340 48,528 17,812 111,771 22,485 41,547
(57,878) 56,823
23,367 8,054 18,146 5,637 511 604 501
48,770
1,940 31,938 18,773 13,775
4,998 4,670
56,713 86,993
114,535
45,472 25,434 29,924
6,088 3,293 4,005
315
1,707,784 28,340 1,334,356 934,574 373,427
15.18
15.16 1,227.03 30.0 197.6 307.6
10.2 1.2 2.8 21.5 2.5 7.9 906,234
101,458 (96,655) (3,025) 28,056
4,802
23,504
        5,152 97
  1,728,929 26,549 1,306,214 905,057 422,715
145.21
145.09 1,346.05 30.0 20.7 313.0
13.0 11.3 3.9 24.1 2.2 6.9 878,508
88,104 (73,069) (17,898) 26,269 15,035
       23,677
 Annual Report 2020 53

 Financial Section
Analysis of Operating Results and Financial Position (Fiscal year ended March 31, 2020)
Scope of consolidation and reportable segments
 As of March 31, 2020, the Seibu Group comprised the Company, 75 consolidated subsidiaries, two associated companies accounted for using the equity method, three non-consolidated subsidiaries not accounted for using the equity method, and one associated company not accounted for using the equity method, for a total of
Overview of Consolidated Financial Results
During the fiscal 2019, the Japanese economy showed a gradual underlying recovery trend with continuing improvement in the employment and income environment. The outlook remained unclear, however, particularly given concerns over the impact of volatile financial and capital markets and various developments in overseas economies such as the matters related to trade issues, the direction of the Chinese economy, the UK leaving the EU, the state of affairs over the Middle East region, as well as the trend of consumer sentiment in Japan following the consumption tax increase. At this time, the outbreak of COVID-19 is becoming increasingly severe in countries worldwide, which has caused a sharp deterioration in business conditions. Furthermore, with no projection for when the pandemic will be brought under control, extremely adverse conditions are expected to continue.
Under these conditions, during the fiscal 2019, the Seibu Group formulated the Seibu Group’s Medium-term Management Plan (FY2019-FY2021), a three-year plan for achieving sustainable and dynamic growth necessary to reach the Seibu Group’s long-term target. Under this plan, we addressed the two key issues of “create new business areas” and “expand existing business fields” with the basic policies of “tackling innovation with speed from new perspectives” and “establish a growth platform from a long-term perspective.”
Within these activities, in April 2019 we opened the large-scale office building DaiyaGate Ikebukuro. The Company has worked to increase corporate value by relocating its headquarters there, together with two of our Group companies, and developing two major centers together with Tokorozawa. At the same time, we have been promoting workstyle reforms and productivity improvements.
The Seibu Group has also been aggressively promoting Sustainability Action, initiatives geared towards the realization of a sustainable society, as part of its contribution to solving issues
Analysis of Operating Results
■ Operating revenue and operating profit
Until the third quarter of the fiscal year under review, operating revenue had been rising on the back of growing revenue per available room (RevPAR) in the Hotel and Leisure segment, higher revenue in the Hawaii business, and increasing revenue from railway operations in the Urban Transportation and Regional segment. In the fourth quarter, however, results were impacted by the outbreak of COVID-19 in late January 2020. Due to this and other factors,
82 companies.
The Group’s reportable segments are as follows: Urban
Transportation and Regional, Hotel and Leisure, Real Estate, Construction (which handles construction projects for the three previously listed segments), Hawaii business, and Other businesses.
faced by society with the SDGs in mind. The Seibu Group has formulated The Seibu Group’s Environmental Policy and pushed forward with its initiatives for reducing its environmental footprint and preserving the environment. Moreover, the Seibu Group issued green bonds in the form of domestic wholesale bonds as part of its fundraising efforts for introducing new energy-saving train cars and implementing its solar power station construction business. This was a first in the land transportation industry.
Furthermore, the Saitama Seibu Lions won the Pacific League title, a professional baseball league, for a second successive year.
From late January 2020, the Group experienced impacts from the spread of COVID-19, including reduced demand for leisure as people refrained from going out and organizers refrained from holding events, and a decrease in inbound tourism. Under these conditions, the Group implemented a range of measures to prevent infection of customers and employees, and to prevent the spread of infection, such as changing our business by temporarily suspending operation of leisure facilities and implementing teleworking among employees.
The Group recorded the following results for the fiscal 2019, reflecting the above impacts from the spread of COVID-19 from late January 2020 onward. Operating revenue was ¥554,590 million, down ¥11,349 million, or 2.0%, year on year. Operating profit was ¥56,823 million, down ¥16,508 million, or 22.5%, year on year. EBITDA was ¥114,535 million, down ¥12,794 million, or 10.0%, year on year.
Ordinary profit was ¥48,770 million, down ¥16,644 million, or 25.4%, year on year, due to the decrease in operating profit. Profit attributable to owners of parent was ¥4,670 million, down ¥40,787 million, or 89.7%, year on year, mainly due to the recording of impairment loss.
operating revenue decreased by 2.0% year on year to ¥554,590 million. Operating profit fell by 22.5% to ¥56,823 million, mainly due to increases in depreciation expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses.
■ Non-operating income and expenses and ordinary profit  Non-operating income decreased by 2.7% year on year to ¥3,382 million, mainly because a foreign exchange gain of ¥247 million in the previous fiscal year turned into a foreign exchange loss of ¥399
  54 Seibu Holdings Inc.

million in the fiscal year under review. Non-operating expenses amounted to ¥11,435 million, up 0.4%, year on year. As a result, ordinary profit decreased by 25.4% to ¥48,770 million.
■ Extraordinary income and losses and profit
attributable to owners of parent
Extraordinary income decreased by 30.6% to ¥1,940 million, primarily due to the absence of posting fees from baseball player
Analysis of Financial Position
■ Assets
Total current assets as of March 31, 2020 stood at ¥121,968 million, a decrease of ¥12,544 million from the previous fiscal year end. The decrease was due mainly to a decrease in costs on construction contracts in progress of ¥6,738 million.
Total noncurrent assets amounted to ¥1,585,816 million, down ¥8,601 million from the previous fiscal year end. The decrease was due mainly to a decrease in investment securities of ¥ 19,104 million. As a result, total assets stood at ¥1,707,784 million, a decrease of ¥21,145 million from the previous fiscal year end.
■ Liabilities
Total current liabilities as of March 31, 2020 stood at ¥396,336 million, an increase of ¥29,097 million from the previous fiscal year end. The increase was due mainly to an increase in short term borrowings of ¥ 38,116 million.
Analysis of cash flows
Cash and cash equivalents (“cash”) as of March 31, 2020 increased ¥1,787 million compared to the end of the previous fiscal year to ¥28,056 million.
■ Cash flows from operating activities
Net cash provided by operating activities was ¥101,458 million after recording profit before income taxes of ¥18,773 million and making adjustments for depreciation and income taxes paid. Cash inflows increased by ¥13,354 million from the previous fiscal year, due mainly to an inflow increase of ¥25,737 million arising from the year on year changes in decrease/increase in trade receivables.
Business Risks
Major risks associated with the Seibu Group’s businesses that could have an important impact on decisions by investors are listed as follows. Based on a full examination of these risks, the Seibu Group makes upmost efforts to prevent their materialization and prepare to mitigate their impact should any materialize. Items not regarded as serious risks have also been included in the list for the sake of proactive information disclosure. While the list presents risks related to possible future events, the risks were deemed relevant as of March 31, 2020.
1 Risks Related to Economic Conditions
2 Risks Related to Legal Regulation
3 Risks Related to Natural Disasters, Accidents and Infectious Diseases
4 Risks Related to Declining and Aging Population
5 Risks Related to Decline in Tourists
6 Risks Related to Seibu Group’s Medium-term Management Plan
7 Risks Related to Important Litigation
8 Risks Related to Interest-bearing Debts
transfers, which totaled ¥1,112 million in the previous fiscal year. Extraordinary losses increased by 307.7% to ¥31,938 million, largely due to a year-on-year increase in impairment loss of ¥21,959 million. As a result, profit before income taxes decreased by 68.9% to ¥18,773 million. Profit attributable to owners of parent amounted to ¥4,670 million, down 89.7% year on year.
Noncurrent liabilities amounted to ¥938,020 million, down ¥955 million from the previous fiscal year end. The decrease was due mainly to a decrease in long term borrowings of ¥17,499 million.
As a result of the above, total liabilities stood at ¥1,334,356 million, an increase of ¥28,142 million from the previous fiscal year end.
■ Net assets
Total net assets as of March 31, 2020 stood at ¥373,427 million, a decrease of ¥49,287 million from the previous fiscal year end. The decrease was due mainly to an increase in treasury shares of ¥16,022 million because of the purchase of treasury shares, a decrease in remeasurements of defined benefit plans of ¥13,957 million and a decrease in valuation difference on available for sale securities of ¥13,558 million. The shareholders’ equity to assets ratio came to 21.5%, a decrease of 2.6 percentage points compared with a year earlier.
■ Cash flows from investing activities
Net cash used in investing activities was ¥96,655 million, ¥23,586 million more than in the previous fiscal year. The increase in cash outflows was due mainly to an increase of ¥29,391 million in purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. ■ Cash flows from financing activities
Net cash used in financing activities was ¥3,025 million, ¥14,872 million less than in the previous fiscal year. The decrease in cash outflows was due mainly to an increase in borrowings, despite the purchase of treasury shares and dividends paid.
9 Risks Related to Value of Our Property
10 Risks Related to Intensified Competition
11 Risks Related to Information Technology Systems and
Management of Information
12 Risks Related to Increases in Price of Fuel, Electricity or Raw Materials 13 Risks Related to Profit Structure
14 Risks Related to Rumor
15 Risks Related to Food-Borne Illnesses or Management of Food
16 Risks Related to Credit Management
17 Risks Related to Subcontractors/Counterparties
18 Risks Related to Costs and Obligations for Our Pension and
Retirement Benefit Plans
19 Risks Related to Currency Fluctuations
20 Risks Related to Climate Change
21 Risks Related to Technological Innovations
    Seibu Holdings Corporate Business Risks
WEB https://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/ir/management/risk/
Annual Report 2020 55

 Financial Section
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Assets
Current assets
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable - trade Land and buildings for sale in lots Merchandise and finished goods Costs on uncompleted construction contracts Raw materials and supplies
Other
Allowance for doubtful accounts Total current assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Buildings and structures
Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss Buildings and structures, net Machinery, equipment and vehicles Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss Machinery, equipment and vehicles, net Land
Leased assets
Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss Leased assets, net
Construction in progress
Other
Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss Other, net
Total property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets
Leased assets
Other
Total intangible assets
Investments and other assets
Investment securities
Long-term loans receivable Retirement benefit asset
Deferred tax assets
Other
Allowance for doubtful accounts Total investments and other assets Total non-current assets
Total assets
(Millions of yen)
(Millions of yen)
  Previous fiscal year Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2019) (As of March 31, 2020)
   26,549 28,340
 69,394 63,348
 8,431 7,419
 1,462 1,392
 10,274 3,535
 3,042 3,028
 15,410 14,979
 (52) (77)
 134,512 121,968
   1,214,446 1,244,395
 (653,279) (685,948)
 561,167 558,446
 316,750 323,712
 (253,314) (251,826)
 63,435 71,885
 729,368 713,566
 6,584 10,812
 (1,932) (2,634)
 4,652 8,177
 58,955 79,272
 85,467 89,958
 (60,732) (64,822)
 24,735 25,135
 1,442,314 1,456,485
  8 26
 23,507 22,475
 23,516 22,502
  74,689 55,585
 317 274
 31,388 24,068
 12,832 19,475
 9,931 7,849
 (572) (424)
 128,587 106,828
 1,594,417 1,585,816
 1,728,929 1,707,784
   Previous fiscal year Current fiscal year (As of March 31, 2019) (As of March 31, 2020)
   30,907 27,409
 165,274 203,390
 653 1,004
 8,517 7,603
 50,033 59,353
 5,862 5,809
 2,701 3,855
 15 4
 103,273 87,905
 367,238 396,336
  30,000 40,000
 684,616 667,117
 18,668 14,989
 1,538 4,480
 106,931 108,568
 12,208 11,916
 738 737
 - 57
 522 241
 31,716 38,342
 2,129 2,093
 16,368 15,712
 33,536 33,762
 938,976 938,020
 1,306,214 1,334,356
   50,000 50,000
 110,274 110,267
 253,199 248,027
 (53,922) (69,945)
 359,551 338,349
  19,365 5,806
 18,562 18,019
 5,415 5,083
 13,921 (36)
 57,264 28,873
 504 522
 5,394 5,682
 422,715 373,427
 1,728,929 1,707,784
         Liabilities
Current liabilities
Notes and accounts payable - trade Short-term loans payable
Lease obligations
Income taxes payable
Advances received Provision for bonuses
Other provision
Asset retirement obligations Other
Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Bonds payable
Long-term loans payable
Long-term accounts payable to Japan railway construction, transport and technology agency
Lease obligations
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities for land revaluation
Provision for retirement benefits for directors (and other officers)
Provision for share-based remuneration for directors (and other officers)
Other provision
Retirement benefit liability
Asset retirement obligations Liabilities from application of equity method Other
Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities
Net assets
Shareholders’ equity
Capital stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings Treasury shares
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Revaluation reserve for land
Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit plans Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Share acquisition rights Non-controlling interests Total net assets
                                                                                      Total liabilities and net assets
 56
Seibu Holdings Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Income
Operating revenue Operating expenses
Operating expenses and cost of sales of transportation Selling, general and administrative expenses
Total operating expenses
Operating profit Non-operating income
Interest income
Dividend income
Subsidy to keep a bus on a regular route Other
Total non-operating income
Non-operating expenses
Interest expenses
Share of loss of entities accounted for using equity method Other
Total non-operating expenses
Ordinary profit Extraordinary income
Gain on sales of non-current assets Contribution for construction
Subsidy income
Gain on sales of investment securities
Gain on reversal of contingent consideration Posting fee from baseball player transfer Other
Total extraordinary income
Extraordinary losses
Impairment loss
Loss on sales of non-current assets
Loss on retirement of non-current assets
Reduction entry of land contribution for construction Loss on reduction of non-current assets
Loss on sales of investment securities
Loss on valuation of investment securities
Loss on disaster
Provision for loss on disaster
Other
Total extraordinary losses
Profit before income taxes Income taxes - current Income taxes - deferred Total income taxes
Profit
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests Profit attributable to owners of parent
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Profit
Other comprehensive income
Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities Revaluation reserve for land
Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit plans, net of tax Total other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to
Comprehensive income attributable to owners of parent Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests
(Millions of yen)
  Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
 565,939 554,590
  453,036 454,950
 39,570 42,815
 492,607 497,766
 73,332 56,823
  59 20
 900 939
 952 942
 1,562 1,480
 3,475 3,382
  10,136 9,979
 67 76
 1,188 1,379
 11,392 11,435
 65,415 48,770
  397 286
 714 955
 125 138
 145 10
- 284
 1,112 -
  298 264
 2,795 1,940
  2,413 24,373
 327 16
 2,603 3,227
 664 941
 120 125
-0
  1,120 813
 - 783
- 1,555
  583 101
 7,834 31,938
 60,376 18,773
 15,293 13,064
(856) 710
  14,436 13,775
 45,939 4,998
 482 328
 45,457 4,670
                                                   (Millions of yen)
  Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
 Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
 45,939
 4,998
    3,287
(13,558)
 10
(1)
 (2,000)
  (322)
  (3,127)
 (13,965)
 (1,829)
(27,848)
 44,110
(22,850)
    43,626
 (23,179)
  483
 329
              Annual Report 2020 57

 Financial Section
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
Capital stock
Balance at beginning of current period 50,000 129,375
Changes of items during period
Dividends of surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares (6)
Retirement of treasury shares (19,094)
Change in treasury shares arising from change in equity in entities accounted for using equity method
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during period − (19,100)
Balance at end of current period 50,000 110,274
Shareholders’ equity
Retained earnings Treasury shares
214,979 (63,940) (7,238)
45,457 0
(9,999) 632 19,094 291
38,219 10,018 253,199 (53,922)
(Millions of yen)
Total shareholders’ equity
   Capital surplus
                                                           Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
16,077
3,287
3,287 19,365
Capital stock
Foreign currency Remeasurements Total accumulated Share acquisition Non-controlling
Accumulated other comprehensive income
330,414
(7,238) 45,457 0
(9,999) 626 − 291
29,137 359,551
Total net assets
394,947
(7,238) 45,457 0
(9,999) 626 − 291
(1,369)
27,767 422,715
(Millions of yen)
 Revaluation reserve for land
translation adjustment
of defined benefit other comprehensive rights
interests
4,949
444
444 5,394
 Balance at beginning of current period Changes of items during period
Dividends of surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Retirement of treasury shares
Change in treasury shares arising from change in equity in entities accounted for using equity method
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity Total changes of items during period Balance at end of current period
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
Balance at beginning of current period
Changes of items during period
Dividends of surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Change in treasury shares arising from change in equity in entities accounted for using equity method
Change in ownership interest of parent due to transactions with non-conrolling interests
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity
Total changes of items during period
Balance at end of current period
Balance at beginning of current period Changes of items during period
Dividends of surplus
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Change in treasury shares arising from change in equity in entities accounted for using equity method
Change in ownership interest of parent due to transactions with non-conrolling interests
Net changes of items other than shareholders’ equity Total changes of items during period Balance at end of current period
18,555 7,415
7 (2,000)
7 (2,000) 18,562 5,415
Capital surplus
plans
17,047
(3,126) (3,126) 13,921
income
59,096 487
(1,831) 16 (1,831) 16 57,264 504
                                                                                                      Shareholders’ equity
Retained earnings Treasury shares
Total shareholders’ equity
  50,000 110,274
(7) 0
- (7)
50,000 110,267
Accumulated other comprehensive income
253,199 (53,922) (10,383)
4,670 541
(17,378) 1,064 291
(5,171) (16,022) 248,027 (69,945)
359,551
(10,383) 4,670 541
(17,378) 1,057 291 0
(21,201) 338,349
Total net assets
422,715
(10,383) 4,670 541
(17,378) 1,057 291 0
(28,085) (49,287) 373,427
                                                          Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
19,365
(13,558) (13,558) 5,806
Revaluation reserve for land
18,562
(543)
(543) 18,019
Foreign currency Remeasurements Total accumulated Share acquisition Non-controlling
 translation adjustment
5,415
(331)
(331) 5,083
of defined benefit other comprehensive
rights
504
17
17 522
interests
5,394
288
288 5,682
plans
13,921
(13,957) (13,957) (36)
income
57,264
(28,391) (28,391) 28,873
                                                                                                     58
Seibu Holdings Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before income taxes
Previous fiscal year (From April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
60,376
(Millions of yen)
Current fiscal year (From April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
18,773
56,713
24,373
997 (2,943) (39)
3,987 (2,488) (88)
(959) 9,979
76 (955) (138) (10)
813 (270) 3,227
941
125
- (284) 674
1,555 (25) 6,060
7,952
2,939 (3,492) (458)
336 (2,071) 125,301
1,001 (10,001) (14,842)
101,458
(157) 153 (226) 417
(107,951) 537 - 10,966
(395) (96,655)
13,807
94,468 (87,796) 9,928 (4,385) (2,052) (10,367) (17,378)
1,097 (345) (3,025)
10
1,787
26,269
28,056
         Depreciation 53,126
 Impairment loss
Amortization of goodwill
Retirement benefit expenses
Increase (decrease) in provision for bonuses
Increase (decrease) in retirement benefit liability
Decrease (increase) in retirement benefit asset
Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful accounts
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Share of loss (profit) of entities accounted for using equity method
Proceeds from contribution for construction
Subsidy income
Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities
Loss (gain) on valuation of investment securities
Loss (gain) on sales of non-current assets
Loss on retirement of non-current assets
Reduction entry of land contribution for construction
Loss on reduction of non-current assets
Posting fee from baseball player transfer
Gain on reversal of contingent consideration
Loss on disaster
Provision for loss on disaster
Other extraordinary loss (income)
Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable - trade
Decrease (increase) in inventories
Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable - other
Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable - trade
Increase (decrease) in advances received
Increase (decrease) in accrued consumption taxes
Other, net
Subtotal
Interest and dividend income received
Interest expenses paid
Income taxes (paid) refund
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Payments into time deposits
Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits
Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of investment securities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Purchase of shares of subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation
Proceeds from contribution received for construction
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in short-term loans payable
Proceeds from long-term loans payable
Repayments of long-term loans payable
Proceeds from issuance of bonds
Redemption of accounts payable to Japan railway construction, transport and technology agency
Repayments of lease obligations
Cash dividends paid
Purchase of treasury shares
Proceeds from sales of treasury shares
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
2,413
871 (3,912) (43)
487
1,402 (129) (960)
10,136
67 (714) (125) (145)
1,120 (70) 2,603
664
120 (556) -
-
-
538 (19,676) (4,987) (1,617)
2,931
4,154 (1,403) 5,848
112,520 1,000 (10,123)
(15,293) 88,104
(153) 188 (478) 1,274
(78,559) 1,388 (7,144) 10,945
(530) (73,069)
(1,845)
75,750 (78,985) 9,929 (5,085) (706) (7,229) (9,999)
614 (341) (17,898) (496) (3,359)
29,628
26,269
                                                                            Annual Report 2020 59

 Financial Section
Seibu Group Subsidiaries and Business Facilities (As of March 31, 2020) Consolidated Subsidiaries
Urban Transportation and Regional
Seibu Railway Co., Ltd.
Seibu Bus Co., Ltd.
Tamagawa Development Co., Ltd.
Yokohama Arena Co., Ltd.
Seibu Hire Co., Ltd.
Seibu Kanko Bus Co., Ltd.
Seibu Sogokikaku Co., Ltd.
10 other companies
Hotel and Leisure
Prince Hotels, Inc.
Yokohama Hakkeijima Inc.
StayWell Holdings Pty Ltd.
StayWell Hospitality Management Pvt Limited
Paid-in Capital or Investment (Millions of yen)
21,665
100
100
4,999
30
30
30
3,600
820
AU$158,173 thousand
AU$1,780 thousand
Ratio of Voting Rights Held (%)
100.0
100.0
100.0
63.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
83.9
100.0
100.0
Construction
Paid-in Capital or Investment (Millions of yen)
Ratio of Voting Rights Held (%)
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
74.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
100.0
  Seibu Construction Co., Ltd. 11,000
Seibu Construction Supply Co., Ltd. 352
Seibu Landscape Co., Ltd. 360
Yokohamaryokuchi Co., Ltd. 35
SEIBU GREEN MANAGEMENT Co., Ltd. 30
Hawaii Business
Prince Resorts Hawaii, Inc. US$1 thousand
              Hawaii Prince Hotel Waikiki LLC. US$166,253*2 thousand
Mauna Kea Resort LLC. US$285,477*2 thousand
    4 other companies
  30 other companies and three non-consolidated subsidiaries not accounted for using the equity method
Other
Izuhakone Business
Ohmi Business
Seibu Lions Business
Izuhakone Railway Co., Ltd.
640
  Real Estate
Seibu Railway Co., Ltd.*1 Prince Hotels, Inc.*1
Seibu Properties Inc. Seibu Bus Co., Ltd.*1
Main Business Facilities
Domestic
21,665 100.0
3,600 100.0
4,050 100.0
100 100.0
Golf courses 28
Hawaii Hotels 3 Golf courses 3
Izuhakone Bus Co., Ltd. 60
Izuhakone Kotsu Co., Ltd. 50
Ohmi Railway Co., Ltd. 405
Ohmi Taxi Co., Ltd. 60
Seibu Lions, Inc. 100
          Six other companies, two equity-method associates and one associate not accounted for using the equity method.
*1 Seibu Railway Co., Ltd., Prince Hotels, Inc., and Seibu Bus Co., Ltd. are counted more than once in “Consolidated Subsidiaries” above.
*2 Amount presented is net assets as of March 31, 2020 because there is no figure corresponding to paid-in capital or investment.
      Hotels
Others
Theme parks, aquariums, swimming pools and other amusement facilities, commercial facilities, etc.
46
(City hotels 15, Resort hotels 31)
Overseas
Ski resorts 9
Seibu Group services
     StayWell 28 facilities
  60
Seibu Holdings Inc.
WEB https://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/en/group/service/facilities/

Information for Investors ( As of March 31, 2020 ) Corporate Data
Company name Seibu Holdings Inc.
Date of establishment February 3, 2006
Registered head office 1-16-15 Minami-Ikebukuro, Toshima-ku,
Paid in capital ¥50,000,000,000
location
Share Data
Shares authorized Shares issued
Tokyo, Japan
1,300,000,000 shares 332,462,920 shares
Stock listing
Fiscal year-end March 31
Number of employees 23,504 (consolidated)
Number of Group companies
Composition of shareholders
Composition by Shareholder Type
■ Financial institutions
■ Securities companies
■ Other Japanese companies ■ Overseas corporations and
individuals
■ Individuals and others
Percentage of total shares held
31.77% 0.92% 29.03% 19.80% 18.49%
Tokyo Stock Exchange, First Section (Securities code: 9024)
 (including 9,382,800 treasury shares) Number of shareholders 43,112
Major shareholders (Top 10)
Name of shareholder
NW Corporation Inc.
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd (Trust Account)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd (Trust Account)
Development Bank of Japan Inc.
Keikyu Corporation
Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd. as trustee for Retirement Benefit Trust Account H re-entrusted by Mizuho Trust and Banking Co., Ltd.
UBS AG London A/C IPB Segregated Client Account (Standing Proxy: Citibank, N.A., Tokyo Branch)
Sumitomo Realty & Development Co., Ltd.
Number of
shares held (Thousands of shares)
51,158
16,587
11,497
9,906
7,655
7,114
5,463
5,301
5,065
4,738
Shareholding ratio (%)
15.83
5.13
3.56
3.07
2.37
2.20
1.69
1.64
1.57
1.47
82
            Share Price and Trading Volume* (Yen)
2,000
1,750
1,500
1,250
1,000
15,000
10,000
5,000
0
Note: Percentage of total shares held is calculated excluding shares less than one unit and rounded to the nearest two decimal places.
Note: The shareholding ratio is calculated after deducting the amount of treasury shares.
(Thousands of shares)
                                                                                               4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3
2019 2020
Seibu Holdings share price (left scale) Trading volume (right scale) *Weekly basis
  Annual Report 2020
61

 