Management Approach for Creating Value
 Customer safety
Key objective
Ensure safety and reliability
■ Prepare for accidents and train service disruptions
Seibu Railway has been installing safety barriers on station platforms to ensure the safety of passengers and we have been building grade-separated railway crossings on train lines to eliminate accidents at level crossings of tracks and roads. We have also taken steps to mitigate serious damage from natural disasters. In preparation for a major earthquake in the greater Tokyo area, the company has developed a BCP (business continuity plan) designed to quickly resume train services. As well, we hold drills aimed at improving the plan and promptly securing the safety
■ Setting new standards for safety
With the spread of COVID-19, people have raised their expectations for cleanliness and safety.
In response, the Seibu Group has implemented systems and initiatives for ensuring the safety of customers who use our services (see pages 50 to 51). Looking ahead, the Group will promote sustainability for ensuring safety standards during the pandemic era.
Stickers are posted on the doors of Prince Hotel rooms to assure guests that rooms have been thoroughly cleaned and disinfected
     of passengers and employees during emergencies. To ensure safety during torrential rains and typhoons, we closely monitor conditions on railway tracks using cameras installed at sections that have been flooded in the past.
Employees conduct a drill to resume train services Preparing for disasters in cooperation with local communities
The Seibu Group cooperates with local governments to ensure disaster preparedness and to help keep communities safe.
Seibu Railway
Seibu Railway has committed to assisting stranded commuters through agreements with municipalities served by our railway lines, and we stock all stations with drinking water and other relief supplies that would be needed in times of disaster.
Seibu Properties
At Tokyo Garden Terrace Kioicho in Tokyo’s Chiyoda Ward, and the DaiyaGate Ikebukuro in Toshima Ward, Seibu Properties has prepared for disasters by stockpiling emergency relief supplies and has designated spaces as emergency shelters for people who are unable
 A drill for assisting stranded commuters
Relief supplies are stored at all train stations
DaiyaGate Ikebukro
to return home following transportation stoppages, in cooperation with the governments of each ward.
 46
Seibu Holdings Inc.