 Environmental conservation
Key objectives
Greenhouse gas reduction, Waste reduction, Ensuring water supply, Protecting forest and species
■ Main methods for reducing CO2 emissions
The Seibu Group has been working to reduce emissions of CO2, the principal greenhouse gas contributing to global warming. For example, the Group upgrades trains and equipment to energy-saving models, and is proactively shifting to renewable energy sources to reduce fossil fuel use and greenhouse gas emissions. To accelerate these efforts and lower our environmental burden, the Group has set an ambitious new target for reducing CO2 emissions (see page 45).
・Adopting energy-saving trains and equipment
・Reducing energy used by using natural energy, and
controlling greenhouse gas emissions ・Saving energy with various kinds of equipment
■ Protecting the groundwater at construction sites
At construction sites, Seibu Construction prevents any contamination of the groundwater by completely lining the landfill walls with a natural material called bentonite clay.
■ Agreement for conserving biodiversity
Every company in the Seibu Group works to protect biodiversity, such as caring for indigenous trees and shrubs at work sites, and maintaining and planting forests in cooperation with local governments. Some of these programs were featured in the Japanese Business Federation’s (Keidanren) report on biodiversity initiatives, (published in June 2020), taken by signatories of its declaration
on biodiversity, and endorsed by the Seibu Group.
       The Seibu Group’s Environmental Policy
WEB https://www.seibuholdings.co.jp/assets/pdf/environment_01.pdf  The Group’s first agribusiness launched with the founding of Seibu Agribusiness Inc.
Seibu Agribusiness Inc. was founded in April 2020 to acquire approval to grow produce, which is required by law in Japan. The company will make effective use of land owned by the Seibu Group by applying the know-how that Seibu Landscape Co., Ltd., their parent company, has built up through landscaping operations, including cultivating greenery and managing public parks.
By 2021, we plan to start selling blueberries grown on about 17,000 square meters of previously unused land in Tokorozawa, Saitama Prefecture. In the future, we want to leverage the synergies among our businesses by having various Group companies become involved in selling and processing food products. We will also promote sustainability by helping develop and reinvigorate local communities through agriculture.
Tomomi Seino Representative Director Seibu Agribusiness Inc.
 Annual Report 2020 47