Management Approach for Creating Value
 Community engagement
Key objectives
Invigoration of railroad corridor and local communities, Improving accessibility through universal design, Aging population and low birthrate
■ Promoting local areas through industry-academia collaboration
In April 2018, Seibu Railway and the Nihon University College of Art concluded an agreement to jointly use their respective intellectual, local, and human resources in collaborative educational, research, and social contribution projects. In one project launched in February 2019, students from the college created artworks to be displayed on platforms at Ikebukuro Station to advertise the company’s new Laview train for express services.
Seibu Railway has also been initiating industry-academia tie- ups to spread information about the attractiveness of areas along our railway lines. In a project launched in August 2019 called the Ekoda Canvas Project, the company teamed up with three universities located around Ekoda Station on the Seibu Ikebukuro line to discover and promote
interesting areas in their local
communities.
Students/residents involved in a collaborative project with Seibu Railway
■ Making it easier for families to raise children
The Seibu Group is carrying out initiatives and offering a variety of services that make it easier for families to raise children in communities served by our railway lines. For example, Seibu Railway designated special zones for baby strollers and wheelchairs on our 40000-series commuter trains, and operates the Nicot brand of childcare centers conveniently located near train stations. As an educational initiative, the Group provides children with opportunities to experience what it is like to work at a Group company. In addition, the Saitama Seibu Lions professional baseball team organizes special days for raising public awareness about child abuse and the need to prevent it.
      Seibu Lions’ players help raise awareness of child abuse
Special zones on one of Seibu Railway’s 40000-series trains Improve accessibility through universal design
In June 2020, the Seibu Group joined The Valuable 500, an international campaign that aims to have large corporations around the world commit to including people with disabilities. Specifically, the Group has committed to improving facilities that accommodate diverse customers, providing services that satisfy them, promoting employment of people with disabilities, and creating comfortable work environments.
In line with this commitment, the Group has been applying universal design (UD) principles to improve accessibility at train stations, hotels, and other commercial facilities, while extending employment opportunities for people with disabilities. We are also participating in a campaign by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government to raise awareness of accessibility in the lead up to the 2020 Tokyo Paralympic Games, and we are increasing the number of places where people with disabilities can easily enjoy the services using registered smartphone apps (with disability certificates).
 48
Seibu Holdings Inc.