      INTEGRATED REPORT
2019
  For the year ended December 31, 2019  
Corporate Philosophy
In keeping with this corporate philosophy and the Otsuka values of Ryukan-godo (by sweat we recognize the way), Jissho (actualization) and Sozosei (creativity), we strive to do what only Otsuka can do. The Otsuka group supports the lives of people worldwide through a wide range of innovative and creative products including pharmaceuticals, functional beverages, and functional foods.
We are dedicated to cultivating a dynamic corporate culture and workplaces that reflect our vision
as a healthcare company, to finding ways to live in harmony with local communities and the natural environment, and to contributing to richer and healthier lives.
Essence
of Management (Our Corporate Culture)
Ryukan-godo
(by sweat we
recognize the way)
The process of discovering the core substance of something through hard work and practice
 CONTENTS
Providing Value through Our Businesses 2
Otsuka’s History of Addressing 4 Social Issues
Otsuka’s Strengths 6
Value Creation Process That 7 Generates Originality
Value Creation Model 8 Materiality 10 Initiatives for Sustainability 12 Message from the President 14 Message from the CFO 18
Feature 20 Realizing Better Health for People Worldwide through Fluids and
Electrolytes Essential to Life
—A 40-Year History and the Future of POCARI SWEAT—
Business Strategy Section
Positioning of the Third Medium-Term 24
    What only Otsuka can do
Jissho
(actualization)
Self-actualization through achievement, completion and the discovery of truth
Management Plan
Progress of the Third Medium-Term 26 Management Plan
Looking ahead to the Fourth 32 Medium-Term Management Plan
Beyond 2030 36
The Otsuka Group’s CSR 37 (Corporate Social Responsibility)
—Toward Realizing a Sustainable Society—
Materiality 39 Society
Health 40 People 43 Quality in All We Do 46
Environment 50 Governance
Corporate Governance 54
Directors and Audit & Supervisory 60 Board Members
Messages from the Outside Directors 62 Compliance 64 Tax Compliance 66 Risk Management 67
Financial and Non-Financial Highlights 68
Main Data 70
Corporate Information, Global Network 72
Group Structure and Overview of 73 Main Operating Companies
Disclosure by the Otsuka Group 74 Shareholder Information 75
  Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 1
Otsuka’s Goal
To become an indispensable contributor
to people’s health worldwide
The Otsuka group aims to be an indispensable contributor to people’s health worldwide, fulfilling its corporate philosophy in every aspect of its operations. This commitment to improving people’s health worldwide is part of the unchanging value we will continue to provide society. Our operations encompass two core businesses: the Pharmaceutical Business, which provides comprehensive health support from diagnosis to treatment of diseases, and the Nutraceutical Business,* which helps people maintain and improve day-to-day health.
* Nutraceuticals = nutrition + pharmaceuticals
Sozosei
(creativity)
Pursuing that which only Otsuka is capable
of delivering
    
    Providing Value through Our Businesses
The Otsuka group of companies contributes to people’s health worldwide by creating innovative products in its two core businesses: the Pharmaceutical Business, which aims to address unmet medical needs, and the Nutraceutical Business, which seeks to fulfill the yet-to-be-imagined needs of consumers.
Unmet medical needs
 From diagnosis to treatment
Pharmaceutical Business
Providing value
Bringing health to people worldwide Total Healthcare
        What only Otsuka can do
Social well-being
Physical well-being
Mental well-being
*
         Yet-to-be-imagined needs
Maintaining and improving day-to-day health
Nutraceutical Business
2 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 3
* The state of health, as defined in the constitution of the World Health Organization (WHO)

 Otsuka’s History of Addressing Social Issues
  Since its founding in 1921 as a chemical raw materials manufacturer, the Otsuka group has worked to address social issues by providing products that help realize healthcare that is aligned with society’s expectations, while responding to the changing times and business environment. The group has continued to grow while contributing to health in the three areas of physical, mental and social well-being. The year 2021 will be the centennial of our founding. Consistent with the aspirations of the company founders, we aim to offer products and services for the coming 100 years and into perpetuity, while helping to address future social needs.
2002
A new option for antipsychotic medications
ABILIFY
Diseases of the central nervous system (CNS) include numerous disorders. The underlying causes of these diseases have yet to be precisely elucidated, making the research and development of treatments extremely challenging. Antipsychotic agent ABILIFY was launched by Otsuka Pharmaceutical in the U.S. as the first therapeutic agent for the CNS developed through in-house drug discovery. On the basis of its unique characteristics, it has been well received by physicians and patients.
2014
Combating tuberculosis— an old disease with a new face
DELTYBA
Tuberculosis is an infectious disease that mankind has long fought to eradicate, and it remains a serious global health issue. As it is our duty to persevere where others have not, we have continued our research in this area. The culmination of more than 30 years of research, DELTYBA was approved as one of the world’s first new tuberculosis drugs in about half a century. It has now become an essential treatment for multidrug-resistant tuberculosis.
Pharmaceutical Business
2019
Announcement of the Third Medium-Term Management Plan
Nutraceutical Business
2014
Solutions to support women’s health
EQUELLE
EQUELLE supports women’s health and beauty. It contains equol, a metabolite produced when soy isoflavone is fermented by unique lactic acid bacteria. Sold as a dietary supplement to support women’s health, it relieves the symptoms of physical and mental changes experienced by women in their 40s and older.
       1946
The evolving IV solutions business
Intravenous Solutions
1974
Improving QOL for cancer patients
Futraful
Launched by subsidiary Taiho Pharmaceutical as an oral anti- cancer agent at a time when such medicine was not widely used anywhere in the world. Unlike conventional anti-cancer agents at the time, Futraful enabled outpatient treatment, making hospitalization unnecessary. Since then, Taiho Pharmaceutical has launched oral anti-cancer agents UFT, TS-1, and Lonsurf, and contributed to improved quality of life (QOL) for cancer patients.
Physical well-being
1983
Solving issues relating to irregular eating habits and unbalanced diets
Calorie Mate
Leveraging expertise in high-density liquid diets from our clinical nutrition business, we created Calorie Mate, which provides nutrition for healthy consumers. It supports healthy eating habits in busy modern lifestyles, and was a pioneer in nutritionally balanced foods in Japan. As the top-selling brand,* it continues to lead the field.
* Source: Intage SRI, nutritionally balanced food product market (category: cookies, biscuits, cereals and cakes), January–December 2019
 Otsuka’s intravenous solutions business began in Japan during the post-WW II period, when nutrition was a major issue for the nation. Otsuka pushed forward with technological innovations that met the needs of medical institutions, such as the development of Japan’s first plastic bottle for intravenous solutions. From the 1970s, using local production, we expanded the business to countries in Asia that were seeking to advance sanitary practices.
   Changes in the Concept of Health
1980
The importance
of hydration becomes apparent
POCARI SWEAT
Inspired by the idea of a drinkable intravenous solution, POCARI SWEAT was developed as a beverage that could easily replenish fluids and electrolytes (ions) lost through perspiration. R&D progressed with the target of creating a health drink for everyday life, and in 1980, POCARI SWEAT was launched in Japan.
Establishment of Major Group Companies
Social well-being
 Mental well-being
1989
Supplementing nutrient deficiencies in food
Nature Made
             *
   1921
Otsuka Seiyaku Kogyobu
(now Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory)
1950
Otsuka Chemical
1955
Otsuka Foods
1961
Otsuka Warehouse
1963
Taiho Pharmaceutical
1964
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
1973
Thai Otsuka Pharmaceutical
1974
Otsuka Indonesia
Taiwan Otsuka Pharmaceutical
1981
China Otsuka Pharmaceutical
1982
Korea Otsuka Pharmaceutical
1988
Otsuka Pakistan
1989
Otsuka America
Otsuka America Pharmaceutical
1998
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Europe
2008
Otsuka Holdings
2010
Stock publicly listed on Tokyo Stock Exchange
2011
Otsuka Medical Devices
2021
100th anniversary of founding
In modern times, changes in lifestyles or eating habits can cause people to struggle at maintaining balanced diets. Even with careful meal planning, it can be difficult to obtain sufficient amounts of many nutrients. Supplementing meals with Nature Made products enables consumers to take in recommended amounts of such nutrients.
* Acquired Pharmavite of the U.S. in 1989, launched sales in Japan in 1993
         4 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 5

Otsuka’s Strengths
What we can achieve because we are Otsuka
People are the source of our strengths. Since Otsuka’s establishment in 1921, employees everywhere have pursued business guided by our enduring corporate philosophy in order to bring health to people worldwide. Through the determination of these employees, we have developed many strengths.
The six strengths described below are a representative sample, and more continue to evolve each
day. Making the best possible use of these strengths, employees take on new challenges to fulfill our potential, all in order to contribute to better health worldwide.
Value Creation Process That Generates Originality
Taking on the challenge of doing what only Otsuka can do
At the heart of the Otsuka group’s value creation process is an approach that is always looking to the future in order to anticipate the various needs of healthcare aligned with society’s expectations. We
try to anticipate the diversifying needs that arise from the changing times, environment, and ways that people think about health. Then, leveraging our group strength of unique, wide-ranging businesses, and our people, who have extensive knowledge and experience, we construct hypotheses and combine new technologies and scientific developments with existing ones to create new value.
While working to resolve social issues we maximize the value we create (products and services).
In that process, we capture new needs that emerge, which we harness in turn to create more new value.
Sustainable growth of the Otsuka group through this value creation process leads to steady enhancement of corporate value, while also making it possible for us to continue applying our original approach to the challenge of new healthcare needs.
  An enduring corporate philosophy and a managerial essence, passed down and practiced throughout the group
 31countries/regions
Our corporate philosophy is displayed prominently in offices in every country where we do business
We engage our employees to think and act creatively without preconceived notions. We also support their development, so that they can embody our unique capabilities and potential.
We believe that this, as well as engagement with our corporate philosophy and managerial essence (reflected in our corporate culture) has brought us to where we are today, and will build the Otsuka of tomorrow.
Contributing to three aspects of health
Physical, mental and social well-being
We provide a variety of science-based products and services
that meet the specific healthcare needs of the times in each community. We conceive products and services that will contribute in 10 or 20 years’ time in the three areas of physical, mental, and social well-being.
New value creation
Derivation
Synergy
Created value
Health maintenance in the fourth industrial revolution
      Future health issues, anticipated medical needs
 Niche
Big data
IoT
Chemicals
Signs of unwellness
5G
Self-medication
     An unwavering quest for originality
Chain of creativity
A global reach incorporating solutions to social issues through our core business processes
  2
OTC
Pharma- ceuticals
1
IV solutions business overseas companies:
Countries/Regions where POCARI SWEAT is available:
Countries/Regions where tuberculosis drug DELTYBA is available:
3
Robotics
15
More than 20
More than 100
Chemicals
Clinical
nutrition AI
  In-house drug discovery percentage:
Development projects for unmet needs:
89%
23
   We pursue the creativity implicit in our corporate philosophy across our entire value chain, from R&D through marketing. In the ongoing challenge to create innovative products and services, we are always thinking about how to generate the kind of innovation that defines Otsuka, targeting unmet medical needs as well as the yet-to-be-imagined needs of consumers.
1. Ratio of in-house drug discovery projects among late-phase development projects
2. As of December 2019; unmet needs areas defined by Otsuka based on
PatientsMap2019JP and PatientsMap2018US, M3 & SSRI
An ability to nurture enduring brands
Top-share products by pharmaceutical category4:
8 in Japan, 3 outside Japan
We are extending our global reach by addressing social issues (e.g., fluid/electrolyte replenishment, infectious diseases) that differ in each country/region depending on culture, customs and the times. Going forward, we will provide products and services that lead to solutions for social issues in many more countries/regions.
3. Number of companies engaged in the intravenous solutions business. Many of these companies also export products to neighboring countries, thereby making a meaningful contribution to medical care in those countries.
Rating: AA−6 Business profit margin of
Nutraceutical Business:
We are cultivating a solid financial foundation and strong earnings power whereby nutraceuticals and intravenous solutions generate stable earnings and act as a base, while therapeutic agents, which are a driver of growth, fund ongoing investment in creative new areas befitting Otsuka. This will form the basis for sustained investment in areas that create new value in the face of a changing business environment.
6. Rating and Investment Information, Inc.
7. Average for the previous three years (For reference: Average operating profit margin
of S&P Food & Beverage Select Industry Index constituents for the previous three years: 8.5%)
Chemicals
Nutra- ceuticals
Cos- medics*
Clinical nutrition
Diversifying needs
New concepts and hypotheses arising from wide-ranging businesses and human resources with extensive knowledge and experience
  Value creation (products and services)
    Percentage of consumers in Japan who have tried POCARI SWEAT:
88.3%5
12.7%7
* Cosmedics = cosmetics + medicine
A business model centered on total healthcare
A solid financial foundation and strong earnings power, which drive sustainable growth
OTC
Consumer
    Diag- nostics
Medical devices
  New technological and scientific developments
+
  We have developed our brands through unceasing efforts to demonstrate the health value of innovative products born from creative R&D. Our ability to nurture brands leads to sustainable growth and enhanced corporate value, enabling us to take on the challenge of finding original approaches to new healthcare needs. 4. Copyright © 2020 IQVIA. Created based on annual category totals for the past 10
years, including IQVIA MIDAS 2009 to 2019 and Otsuka research. Categories defined
by Otsuka. Reprinted with permission.
5. November 2019 survey in Japan conducted by Otsuka
6 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 7
New concepts and hypotheses
 Wealth of technological and scientific assets
 
  Value Creation Model
    Realizing a Sus tainable Society
         Otsuka’s Strengths■ Page 6 What we can achieve
Business Strategy Mediu m-Term
Manage ment Plan
Jis sho
(actual ization)
Self-actualiza tion through achievement, completion
and the discovery of t ruth
Value Creation Process That Generates Originality■ Page 7 What only Otsuka can do
  Progress of the Third Medium-Term
Essence of Management (Our Corporate Culture)
Ryukan-godo
(by sweat we
recognize the way)
The process of discovering the core substance of something through hard work
and practice
Implementation of Sustainability
Management Plan■
Page 24
Initiatives■
Page 12
   Management Resources Supporting the Otsuka Group
Sozosei
(creativity)
Pursuing that which only Otsuka is capable of delivering
 Human Capital
Employees: 47,000* Japan: 18,000 Outside Japan: 29,000
Relationship and
Social Capital
Total Group companies: Japan:
Outside Japan:
Manufactured Capital
Intellectual Capital
Research sites: 49 Japan: 24 Outside Japan: 25
Financial Capital
Total assets: ¥2,581.3 billion
Natural Capital
Locations:
31 countries/regions
Manufacturing sites: 195 Japan:
50 Outside Japan: 145
173 53 120
* Data for 195 companies including Otsuka Holdings and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (as of December 31, 2019)
 People, Environment, Corporate Govern ance, Compliance, Risk Management
   Corporate Philosophy
         Social Issues
Health
Quality in People All We Do
Climate Change
Resource Recycling and Conservation
Water Conservation
Governance
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 8
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 9
▲
▲
▲
▲

Materiality
In 2019, the Otsuka group determined material issues based on their importance to society and to the group’s businesses.
Process for Determining Material Issues
To determine the Otsuka group’s material issues, we first compiled a list of social issues, referencing a range of international guidelines and frameworks, including ISO 26000, GRI, and the U.N. SDGs. We narrowed down the list of issues by evaluating them in terms of their importance, taking into account our ability to contribute to a solution, their impact on business, and
our strengths. Issues were then discussed by the CSR Promotion Committee1 and approved at the Otsuka Holdings Board of Directors meeting. As a result, the material issues of the Otsuka group were determined to be: Society (Health, People, Quality in All We Do), Environment (Climate Change, Resource Recycling and Conservation, Water Conservation), and Governance.
1. The CSR Promotion Committee promotes CSR throughout the Otsuka group. The committee’s responsibilities include discussing and deciding on the direction and plans for CSR activities. The Otsuka Holdings director in charge of CSR promotion serves as the committee chair. Committee members comprise regional group managers involved in CSR and the CSR officers of each company.
Materiality
Based on the process described on the preceding page, the material issues of the Otsuka group were determined to be: Society (Health, People, Quality in All We Do), Environment (Climate Change, Resource Recycling and Conservation, Water Conservation), and Governance.
 Materiality
 Social Issues
 Our Goals
 Our Activities
 Related SDGs
  Society
(Healthier Society)
  Health
 • Unmet medical and health needs
• Spread of infectious diseases
• Nutritional needs
• Increasing aging issues
 • Contribute to unmet needs solutions
• Eradication of tuberculosis
• Creation of a system for the realization of a healthful life
• Healthy life extension
• Promotion of R&D for unmet needs
• R&D of antituberculosis drugs and improvement of drug access
• Support and awareness activities for people’s health maintenance/improvement mainly on exercise and nutrition etc.
• Promotion of problem solving by strengthening partnerships
       People
  • Presenteeism3
• Unprepared for diversification
   • Creation of a corporate culture that stimulates creativity
• Enhance employee engagement
  • Human resource development • Diversity promotion
• Health management
         Quality
in All We Do
 • Consumption and production that impairs sustainability
 • Gaining stakeholder trust
• Pursuing sustainability at all levels of the value chain
• Establishing a quality assurance system for safety and security
• Sustainable procurement and product design
• Thorough quality control and stable supply
• Responsible promotional activities and information provision
• Deepening communication with stakeholders
• Promotion of “customer- centric management”
   Environment
(Healthier Planet)
  Climate Change
  • Global warming
   • FY 2030 Goal: 30% reduction in CO2 emissions compared to FY 2017
   • Reduce CO2 emissions throughout the value chain
        Resource Recycling and Conservation
 • Environmental load increase
 • FY 2030 Goal: 50% reduction in simple incineration and landfill compared to FY 2019
• FY 2030 Goal: 50% or higher content of recycled and plant-based materials in our PET bottles
 • Reduce environmental impact by improving resource efficiency
• Promotion of business activities aimed at a sustainable state in both society and the earth
  Water Conservation
  • Reducing freshwater availability
   • FY 2030 Goal: Improvement of water use efficiency by 15% compared to FY 2017
   • Understanding water resources risk
• Management and effective use of water resources
  Governance
  • Fragile governance system
• Social change risk
 • Long-term improvement of corporate value
• Strengthening corporate governance
• Thorough compliance
• Risk identification, evaluation and management
     1
2
3
4
Map of Social Issues2 High 3.00
2.50
2.00
1.50
1.00
0.50
0
2. Our nine highly important material issues are indicated in bold■
3. The situation where productivity does not go up due to the poor condition of the mind and body despite coming to work
Identification of social issues with reference to respective international guidelines
Approval at the Otsuka Holdings Board of Directors meeting
       Consu that
mption and production impairs sustainability
Environmental load increase
Fragile governance system
Unprepared for diversification
Reducing freshwater availability
Global warming
Social change risk
Increasing aging issues
Spread of infectious diseases
Nutritional needs
   Unmet medical and health needs
    Presenteeism3
                       0 0.50 1.00 1.50 2.00
Degree of impact on business activities
2.50 3.00
 10 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 11
Assessment of social issues that our business activities can contribute to solving and their importance
 Determination of material issues by the CSR Promotion Committee from the viewpoint of their impact on both society and the Otsuka group
Page 12, Initiatives for Sustainability
High
Importance with regard to sustainability
▲

Initiatives for Sustainability
From among the 12 social issues we determined to be the Otsuka group’s materialities, we selected 9 that we currently regard as highly important, and set goals related to them for fiscal 2023.
 Materiality
 Social Issues
 Our Goals
  FY 2023 Goals
 FY 2019 Progress
  Society
■ Page 40
 Health
  • Unmet medical and health needs
• Contribute to unmet needs solutions
   • Promotion of R&D for unmet needs • In areas with unmet needs1
• New development projects: 10 or more
• Late-phase development projects advancing to the next phase: 30 or more
• Maintained ratio of R&D expenses to revenue in Pharmaceutical Business of at least 20% for three consecutive years
■ Page 68, Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
• In areas with unmet needs1
• New development projects: 1
• Late-phase development projects advancing to the next phase: 6 ■ Page 24, Business Strategy Section
 • Spread of infectious diseases
  • Eradication of tuberculosis
     • Provide DELTYBA (generic name: delamanid) for a cumulative total of 60,000 cases
• Supply DELTYBA for pediatric patients
• Launch clinical trial for new treatment regimen
• Increase access to DELTYBA by collaborating with partners
  • Provided DELTYBA for approximately 20,000 cases
• Expanded countries/regions where DELTYBA is available to over 100
• U.S. National Institutes of Health (NIH) launched a large-scale clinical trial to
confirm the preventive efficacy of delamanid for multidrug-resistant tuberculosis
• Continued participation in the Global Health Innovative Technology Fund (GHIT Fund)
   • Nutritional needs
• Creation of a system for the realization of a healthful life
   • Create new systems and reinforce existing systems for realizing healthy lifestyles
• Create new concepts and products keeping an eye on changes in environments
• Challenge new categories and new areas
• Executed cooperation agreements with all 47 prefectures and promoted collaboration in health and other fields
• Continued to hold Women’s Health Seminar ■ Page 31, Women’s Health
• Continued providing dietary education app SketchCook and Nature Made
Supplement Check
• 30th anniversary of the Otsuka Health Comic Library
• Cumulative total OATHAS2 registrants: Approximately 18,000
• Established new company in the health drink business in Myanmar
 People
   • Unprepared for diversification
  • Creation of a corporate culture that stimulates creativity
• Enhance employee engagement
     • Further instill the corporate culture and philosophy
• Build systems for ongoing human resource development aligned with
changes in society and in the times
• Further promote and instill diversity as a source of innovation
• Build new systems to maintain more comfortable working environments
  • Cumulative total participants in executive human resource development programs of Otsuka Global Academy: 141
• Introduced Family Smile Support System and Work Interval System • Cumulative total participants in Health Seminars: 1,050
   Quality
in All We Do
 • Consumption and production that impairs sustainability
• Pursue sustainability at all levels of the value chain
   • Companies implementing SAQ3: 200 • Carry out CSR procurement
Supplier briefings: Over 30 times/companies (commencing in FY 2021)
• Cumulative total of companies implementing SAQ: 34
• Held global production meetings and environmental management information
exchange meetings
• Held global product quality meetings
• Improved products based on customer feedback
• Carried out initiatives to reduce food waste
 Environment
■ Page 50
   Climate Change
   • Global warming
  • FY 2030 Goal:
30% reduction in CO2 emissions compared to FY 2017
       • Introduce renewable energy and raise usage rate of CO2-free electricity
 • Set group environmental goals
• Introduced CO2-free electricity
• Obtained Science Based Targets (SBT) Initiative certification
(Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Taiho Pharmaceutical)
   Resource Recycling and Conservation
 • Environmental load increase
• FY 2030 Goal:
50% reduction in simple incineration and landfill compared to FY 2019
• FY 2030 Goal:
50% or higher content of recycled and plant-based materials in our PET bottles
   • Strengthen cooperation for reducing simple incineration and landfill volume
• Build an internal group system for improving the usage rate of recycled and plant-based materials
• Standardized and tracked global data on waste recycling volume
 Water Conservation
  • Reducing freshwater availability
  • FY 2030 Goal:
Improvement of water use efficiency by 15% compared to FY 2017
    • Improve water use efficiency in accordance with water risk, which is unevenly distributed by country/region
  • Carried out water risk assessments using Aqueduct4
• Conducted water use questionnaires and clarified issues at each production site
 Governance
■ Page 54
  • Social change risk
• Long-term improvement of corporate value
   • Strengthen corporate governance to further raise effectiveness
• Build a governance system capable of global business development and
response to various changes
• Build a system to strengthen compliance within the group
• Introduced restricted stock compensation plan
• Began full-scale activities by the Global Business Support Department to
strengthen oversight of overseas subsidiaries
• Carried out activities for directors to raise effectiveness
• Board of Directors meeting attendance rate: 100%
• Established Global Anti-Corruption Policy and Global Conflict of Interest Policy
            1. Unmet needs areas defined by Otsuka based on PatientsMap2019JP, PatientsMap2018US, M3 & SSRI
2. Otsuka Advanced Training for Healthy Aging Supporters: A program that supports pharmacies as health information hubs with strong connections to local communities 3. CSR procurement self-assessment questionnaire
4. Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas: A water risk mapping tool developed by the World Resources Institute
12 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 13
▲▲
▲
▲▲▲

Message from the President
The Otsuka group of companies will contribute to society while achieving sustained growth by doing what only Otsuka can do.
Q1. What is the Otsuka group’s long-term vision?
We create and provide a comprehensive portfolio of products and services that meet the specific healthcare needs of the times in each community. Factors that influence these needs include the emergence of new disease trends, and demographic trends such as aging populations and rates of population growth that are uneven around the world. Simultaneously, factors
that influence the ability to address these needs include the evolution of gene therapies, an area that Otsuka is investing in; artificial intelligence; and other technologies. Becoming an indispensable contributor to people’s health worldwide requires us to anticipate society’s expectations in 10 and 20 years’ time.
What kind of contributions can our Pharmaceutical Business make? As populations continue to age, treatments, or better yet, preventions are needed for diseases such as Alzheimer’s disease and various forms of cancer. At the same time, infectious diseases such as tuberculosis will become even more pressing global challenges. At the other extreme, many hereditary, orphan diseases lack any treatments. Otsuka is contributing through research in many of these disease areas. For COVID-19, contributions by our group
companies around the world have mainly taken the form of philanthropy.
Simultaneously, maintaining and improving health is an integral part of our Nutraceutical Business. Otsuka continues to invest in research that clarifies how people can maintain a healthy lifestyle and thereby avoid illness. A fundamental demand driver for nutraceutical products is people’s greater proactivity in managing their heath across their entire lifespans. This includes, for example, women who balance professional and family demands, athletically minded people aiming to improve their overall fitness and stamina, and older people seeking extended quality-of-life benefits. Our contribution in nutraceuticals also takes a research- based approach. Here the aim is to create products that offer tangible, health-supportive benefits in
areas such as immune function, quality of sleep, and special dietary needs, and even intangible benefits
that support individual lifestyles and work styles. Given the time required for product development, we must construct hypotheses that look 10 and 20 years into the future, and start developing products now.
    Q2. What business risks and opportunities do you see in the long term?
Changes in human needs, and in business and
other landscapes are the largest sources of risk and opportunity. Risks that our management factors
into decision making include macroeconomic and geopolitical climates; the physical climate, with increasingly frequent natural disasters caused in part by global warming; and demographic changes. In order to devise optimal responses or solutions, we must identify root causes. On the opportunity side, this involves evolution of product development and technologies, expansion of our presence in new regions, and the forging of new research and commercial collaborations. Focusing our energies on opportunities, while
managing but not being overwhelmed by risks, is the right approach for Otsuka.
As a total healthcare company, our operations encompass products and services for the diagnosis and treatment of diseases, as well as for the maintenance and improvement of health. Medical cost inflation due to aging populations and the increasing sophistication of medical treatment is a serious global issue. As a provider of total healthcare solutions, we recognize these developments as responsibilities and opportunities. Our diverse portfolio enables us to turn risks into opportunities.
 Under our enduring corporate philosophy “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide,” the Otsuka group of companies creates innovative products that fulfill a universal human desire to be healthy.
The core of our management approach is to leverage our strengths and capabilities described on the following pages that enable us to do what only Otsuka can do. In doing so, we are also contributing to, and advancing, a sustainable society. As we stand at a juncture of ever-larger social change, our philosophy serves as a solid foundation, guiding us amidst the trends and tides of the times, and from which we take on new challenges and opportunities.
Q3. What does Otsuka need to do to improve corporate value while achieving sustainable growth?
 14 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 15
Tatsuo Higuchi
President and Representative Director, CEO Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
In keeping with our corporate philosophy and our long- standing ESG-informed commitment to contributing to human health, we set forth our CSR Mission when we announced the Third Medium-Term Management Plan in May 2019. The CSR Mission defines material issues
in three categories: Society (Health, People, Quality in All We Do), Environment (Climate Change, Resource Recycling and Conservation, Water Conservation), and Governance. Within each category, we carry out initiatives under related themes.

 For Society, we focus on human resources. In order
to achieve sustainable growth, continuous improvement of capabilities as individuals, teams, and organizations
is required in addition to management principles and corporate culture. We recognize employee growth as
an important management issue. To that end, Otsuka Holdings launched the executive human resource development programs of the Otsuka Global Academy in 2016 to foster human resources capable of driving future growth. Three programs are offered to group employees. The Senior Leadership Program and Middle Leadership Program are designed to nurture management candidates, while the Global Leadership Program, launched in 2019, is fostering a global managerial cadre comprised of employees from around the world.
Each group company is also actively involved in human resource development. For instance, Otsuka Pharmaceutical has operated WING, a voluntary leadership study group, since 2009. Participants identify internal and external issues, and work in teams to discuss potential solutions before formulating a proposal for consideration. At Taiho Pharmaceutical, “Global One Academy” was established in 2016.
In addition to individual growth, we believe that diversity is vital. The variety of innate qualities that individuals bring to our teams is important to us, and we actively welcome people of all nationalities, races, ages, genders, and abilities, in the belief that breaking down barriers to inclusion is the key to sparking innovation and furthering our globalization.
For Environment, our initiatives focus on sustainability throughout the supply chain. We
have been steadily implementing various measures, which in 2019 included the introduction of CO2-free electricity and co-generation systems. Moreover, in response to the pressing issue of plastic usage and
subsequent pollution, we issued the Otsuka Group Plastic Policy, which defines goals for achievement by 2030, and are undertaking group-wide initiatives.
For Governance, we have built a framework in which four of 13 directors are outside directors, and three of four Audit & Supervisory Board members
are outside auditors (as of April 2020). Our outside directors are: Yukio Matsutani, who has extensive experience in, and deep insights into, the medical welfare field; Ko Sekiguchi, who has extensive management experience and high-level expertise in the pharmaceutical industry; Yoshihisa Aoki, who has extensive management experience and deep expertise in the food industry; and, starting this year, Mayo Mita, who is highly knowledgeable regarding finance and markets. The diverse experience and expertise of these outside directors complements the knowledge and skills of the nine inside directors, and together they form an effective governance body, capable of vigorous discussion.
The sheer number of companies in the Otsuka group means that effectively managing our subsidiaries in Japan and around the world necessitates a
different approach from a single-purpose company. Such management requires oversight with detailed knowledge of each company’s business. We are
also working to solidify the management platform underpinning our global operations through standardization and better efficiencies, including expansion of shared services and optimization of procurement. In addition, we are strengthening internal control functions to ensure disciplined management. Enhancing management functions can have an impact that amplifies across the organization to boost corporate value.
We leverage these together with other advantages of our wide-ranging businesses—such as a diverse wealth of technological and scientific assets—to create novel ideas and ultimately new value.
In this way, the Otsuka group is able to help society achieve sustainable growth, increase corporate value over the medium to long term, and ultimately make its vision a reality—to become an indispensable contributor to people’s health worldwide.
Q5. What will be essential to Otsuka’s further development?
 In order to better recognize where we stand and what we strive for, we must continually question ourselves from the perspectives of Strategy, Culture, and Capabilities.
Strategy is closely tied to our corporate philosophy, which guides our thinking because it is the very foundation of our business strategy, and is an expression of our determination to constantly take on new challenges and generate innovation.
Culture is best defined by the words of our founders, Ryukan-godo, Jissho and Sozosei.
Ryukan-godo
The process of discovering the core substance of something through hard work
and practice
Companies with a solid philosophical foundation are the strongest in turbulent times. Our ability
to embrace change and continually take on new challenges is not down to individual leaders acting alone, but to generations of employees who have been inspired by our founders.
Upholding this strategy and culture takes formidable Capabilities, and each individual must constantly review what he or she is capable of and swiftly address deficiencies.
   Jissho
Self-actualization through achievement, completion and the discovery
of truth
Sozosei
Pursuing that which only Otsuka is capable
of delivering
 Q6. How do you ensure engagement with Otsuka’s philosophy and approach among employees around the world?
 Q4. Can you describe the Otsuka group’s value creation model and its contribution to a sustainable society?
We believe that an effective way to instill our philosophy is to share stories of our successes, and failures along the way. Stories, in other words, through communication grounded in experience
and fact. Philosophies and approaches cannot be shared properly in the abstract alone; they must be accompanied by concrete examples. Take, for instance, the development of Samsca/JINARC1/JYNARQUE,2
global brand sales exceeding one billion U.S. dollars
in 2019. A concrete example like this inspires a better understanding of how Otsuka’s innovation contributes to people’s health. Generating engagement with Otsuka’s philosophy and culture through our successes has brought us to where we are today, and will build the Otsuka of tomorrow.
Otsuka will celebrate its 100th anniversary in 2021. This is an ideal opportunity for group companies in Japan and around the world to deepen employee understanding of Otsuka’s philosophy and approach as we prepare to embark on another century of success.
Guided by our corporate philosophy “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide,” and our essence of management—Ryukan-godo, Jissho and Sozosei—we seek to demonstrate our unique capabilities and achieve our unique potential, thereby contributing to the realization of a sustainable society and stable growth.
Six strengths underlie our success: 1) An enduring corporate philosophy and a managerial essence, passed down and practiced throughout the group;
2) a business model centered on total healthcare; 3) an
unwavering quest for originality; 4) a global reach incorporating solutions to social issues with our core business processes; 5) an ability to nurture enduring brands; and 6) a solid financial foundation and strong earnings power, which drive sustainable growth.
Also, our value creation process enables Otsuka
to do things that other companies cannot. First, we seek to anticipate emerging needs from the broad consumer and patient populations who use our products, as well as needs arising from the evolving environments around the world where we do business.
the first-in-the world therapy for ADPKD.3 It took
more than ten years to conduct phase III trials
in the U.S., but it has since grown into our next
blockbuster product following ABILIFY, with overall
1. Brand name for ADPKD treatment in multiple regions outside Japan 2. Brand name for ADPKD treatment in the U.S. 3. Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease
16 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 17

 Message from the CFO
Targeting sustainable growth and increased corporate value, we will enhance our cash
flow generation and capital efficiency through optimal resource allocation.
Yuko Makino
Executive Director, CFO Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
  Improving quality of profit
Reinvestment
Carry out disciplined growth investments that consider cost of capital and secure funds for shareholder returns
Maximizing Existing Business Value and Creating New Value
    Returns in excess of cost of capital
Consider both growth potential (future earning power) and capital efficiency
ROIC1 WACC2
• Improve ROIC in the medium to long term
  Cash flow allocation
 Cash flow generation
Secure cash returns in excess of cost of capital
  • Achieve organic growth of mainstay pharmaceutical, nutraceutical products and brands (CAGR of 10% or more)
• Improve working capital efficiency
• Divest idle assets
Business profit
CCC3
Reinvestment
 Reduction in non-operating assets
Operating cash flows
  • Take debt capacity into account
Debt financing
       Business Management with a Corporate-wide Awareness of Capital Cost
The Third Medium-Term Management Plan is positioned as a period for adopting business management with a corporate- wide awareness of capital cost under a strategy of maximizing existing business value and creating new value. We will promote this approach throughout the group as we target sustainable growth.
While we already consider cost of capital in deciding on individual investments or recognizing impairment losses, we included “business management with a corporate-wide awareness of capital cost” in the Third Medium-Term Management Plan so as to instill a broad awareness of cost of capital throughout the group, not just as it relates to individual investments. This will lead to sustainable,
We are applying ROIC to maximize investment efficiency, with a group-wide target of at least 1.0% above the cost of capital (5.5%). On the other hand, contributing to society through ongoing innovation is important to us, so if investments that include a certain amount of risk are aligned with the group’s corporate philosophy or are conducive to sustainable growth, then we will continue to take on these challenges.
To implement this stance, we believe a comprehensive group-wide financial framework is essential. It must be based on steady cash flow generation from existing assets, and other measures that include issuing bonds and commercial paper or borrowing from financial institutions when necessary.
1. Return on invested capital
2. Weighted average cost of capital 3. Cash conversion cycle
A Financial Framework Conducive to Improving Medium-to-Long-Term Corporate Value
Securing Cash Returns in Excess of Cost of Capital
Achieving true improvement in corporate value means more than simply generating profit; we must enhance free cash flow generation. We will therefore focus more strongly on improving our profit structure.
We will secure operating cash flows through organic business growth, reinvest in growth areas and distribute returns to shareholders, while maintaining an appropriate level of financial leverage. Furthermore, we will establish a framework that achieves returns from reinvested capital in excess of the cost of capital, which will drive profit growth, and in turn enable us to make further growth investments and enhance shareholder returns.
Cash Flow Allocation Policy
We will balance the allocation of cash flows between prioritizing growth investments aimed at generating ongoing increases in medium-to-long-term returns in excess of cost of capital, and delivering stable shareholder returns.
For growth investments, we will consider investments that have synergy with existing management assets to generate greater value. In the Pharmaceutical Business, our main investments will be aimed at enhancing our products and pipeline in the psychiatry
and neurology, oncology, and cardiovascular and renal areas. In the Nutraceutical Business, we will actively invest in new
businesses that meet society’s future needs.
Our basic policy for shareholder returns is to maintain
stable dividends. While emphasizing the continuity and stability of dividends, we will consider additional shareholder returns depending on profit growth, applying a comprehensive approach by securing sufficient cash returns, to pursue growth investments, a solid financial standing and the optimal capital structure.
Capital Structure Optimization Policy
When considering the optimal capital structure, as the basis we use the debt capacity level needed to maintain our current AA− rating, taking into account factors such as the required level of shareholders’ equity given our credit rating and business risks, as well as the rate of return expected by investors.
At the same time, we will appropriately control the scale of invested capital in accordance with our debt capacity, and maintain financial discipline in our growth investments.
Tax Policy
As a multinational enterprise, the Otsuka group recognizes that the appropriate payment of taxes in adherence with applicable laws and regulations in each country and region contributes to local economies. Among increased calls for tax transparency worldwide, we are committed to making improvements in this regard. In accordance with the Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics, the Otsuka group works to ensure appropriate payment of taxes under a principle of compliance that is shared by all employees, including those at departments outside the purview of the CFO.
Moreover, we strive to build constructive relationships with relevant tax authorities by maintaining and providing reliable data.
In accordance with its tax compliance policy (see page 66), the Otsuka group will implement effective management, strengthen governance, build constructive and positive relationships with respective tax authorities and fulfill its tax obligations in all countries and regions.
more effective cash flow generation and greater investment efficiency.
Under the Second Medium-Term Management Plan, we pursued a policy of active strategic investment using revenues from growing global sales of ABILIFY, and succeeded in diversifying our revenue structure. Furthermore, given that looming patent expirations were a major management issue, we executed this diversification with a focus on restructuring our revenue base from the perspective of our income statement.
Our plan is to further strengthen investment as a driver for medium-to-long- term growth during the period of the Third Medium-Term Management Plan and beyond. This will require us to not only look at revenues in the income statement, but to adopt a more pronounced group-wide focus on balance sheet management.
Invested Capital (Operating Approach)
Operating assets
(Working capital, fixed assets, etc.)
Invested Capital (Financing Approach)
Financing
Cost of debt (Interest payments)
Investments
Cost of equity (Expected returns)
Optimal capital structure
Control invested capital with consideration for financial soundness
Shareholder returns
Growth investments
Capital expenditure
Dividends Share buybacks
• Make investments that have synergy with existing management assets to generate greater value
• Create new value
• Increase investment efficiency
• Maintain a basic policy of stable dividends
• Provide additional shareholder returns depending on profit growth
 Debt capacity
• Financial leverage appropriate for maintaining AA− rating
   Operating liabilities
(Working capital, etc.)
   Interest-bearing debt
(Borrowings, bonds)
Shareholders’ equity
  Non-operating assets
  Returns in excess of cost of capital
Optimal capital structure
Increased medium-to-long-term corporate value
 18 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 19
Creditors Investors

 Feature: Realizing Better Health Worldwide through
Fluids and Electrolytes Essential to Life —A 40-Year History and the Future of POCARI SWEAT—
 History
Raising Awareness of Heat Disorders and the Importance of Replenishing Fluids and Electrolytes
Founded as a chemical raw material manufacturer
in 1921, the Otsuka group launched its intravenous solutions business in 1946. Leveraging expertise cultivated in the intravenous solutions business, we developed POCARI SWEAT as a beverage that replenishes the body’s fluids and electrolytes, which are important for maintaining and improving day-to-day physical health. Later, in 1992, we participated in the Japan Amateur Sports Association (now Japan Sport Association (JSPO)) Study Group for Prevention of Heat Disorders in Sports Activities, and began full-fledged activities to raise awareness of heat disorders and their prevention. Since then, we have used scientific evidence to raise awareness of the importance of fluid and
electrolyte replenishment in various aspects of life.
This brings us to the present day. The pathology of heat
disorders, which was not well known in those early days, and the concept of supplying electrolytes together with fluids as a countermeasure, are now widely understood and recognized throughout society. POCARI SWEAT has become a popular staple in all kinds of situations where people sweat, including sports, commuting, outdoor work, and after a bath or waking up. Today, we continue to promote awareness of the importance of replenishing fluids and electrolytes in various contexts, including children’s sports activities, occupational safety and hygiene, and hydration for the elderly.
        1980 Launched in Japan
1982 First overseas market entry
1987 Cumulative units sold:
3 billion1
1992
1993 Cumulative units sold:
10 billion1
1998 Cumulative units sold:
20 billion1
2008 Cumulative units sold:
30 billion1
2020
40th anniversary
Supplying quality fluids and electrolytes to people all around the world
  Began cooperation with Japan Amateur Sports Association2 Study Group for Prevention of Heat Disorders in Sports Activities
2. Now Japan Sport Association (JSPO)
1993
1. One unit equals 340 ml; units sold includes overseas sales
2007
Began cosponsoring production of a guidebook on heat disorder prevention, based on the Guidelines for Prevention of Heat Disorders in Everyday Life (Ver. 1) published by the Japan Society of Biometeorology
2007
Conducted lectures on hydration for 500,000 members of junior sports clubs nationwide as part of the Sports Activities Campaign
2012
Co-sponsored production of the Heat Disorders Prevention website (NPO Weather Caster Network)
2012
Began Live On Seminar as a lecture for industrial physicians and public health nurses, nurses, nutritionists, and health and safety staff working at business offices in Japan
2016
Received Best Communicator and Top Runner Award at the Heatstroke Prevention Communication Project Hitosuzumi Awards 2016
2017
Participated in the reprinting of the Ministry of the Environment’s Environmental Health Manual on Heat Disorders
 Began cosponsoring JSPO heat disorder prevention awareness activities and cosponsored production of A Guidebook for the Prevention of Heat Disorder in Sports Activities (First Edition)
2010
Commenced activities at public and other health centers across Japan to raise heat disorder awareness among seniors
  POCARI SWEAT is a health beverage that easily replenishes the body with fluids
and electrolytes lost due to perspiration. When people sweat to regulate their
body temperature, they lose electrolytes along with fluids. Just drinking water may upset the balance between fluids and electrolytes, which can negatively affect physical condition and performance. Proper hydration is necessary. As a beverage that is similar to fluids already present in the human body, POCARI SWEAT enables efficient fluid replenishment.
     20
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 21

    Present
Why POCARI SWEAT Continues to Create New Value
Situations in which the body becomes dehydrated are various, and are not limited to any particular time or place.
Otsuka Pharmaceutical’s marketing of POCARI SWEAT includes activities to raise awareness of the importance of hydration in more than 20 countries/regions around the world.
POCARI SWEAT continues to create new value—meeting the challenge of changes in the environment and people’s values, and social diversification. This is because POCARI SWEAT continues to be closely intertwined with people’s lives, and to uncover and address underlying issues. As a science-based solution for universal needs, it generates value that leads to better health and better lifestyles.
Future
The World POCARI SWEAT Aims to Create
Global warming is having a major worldwide impact on climate and the natural environment, as well as people’s lives. Should global warming continue, as many as 1.2 billion people could be at risk of heat disorders every year by the year 2100. Also, it is estimated that due to the expansion of habitats conducive to the propagation of organisms that carry tropical diseases, including Zika fever and dengue fever, the number of people at risk of infection could increase by 383–725 million by 2050.* Meanwhile, the importance of and proper methods for fluid and electrolyte replenishment as “first aid” for heat disorders and tropical disease infection have not yet become globally recognized.
We explore and identify underlying issues in each country, consider solutions, convey the scientific grounds and encourage consumers to try POCARI SWEAT. Through simple measures such as these, we contribute to the health of people worldwide.
Fluids and electrolytes are essential to life. Our vision
is to use our enduring spirit of inquiry and our ability to flexibly address the needs of a diversifying society to make POCARI SWEAT a health beverage like no other.
Around the world, there are many people who have difficulty maintaining their health because they lack access to a quality source of hydration. POCARI SWEAT aims
to change the world by being an industry leader and contributing to solving social issues.
* Daniel Li et al., Environ Res Lett 2020
   Replenishing fluids and electrolytes lost through perspiration around the world
Two years after its launch in Japan, POCARI SWEAT made its overseas debut in 1982. At present, it is sold in more than 20 countries/regions.
Sales countries/regions
Production countries/regions
6 sites
More than 20
 22 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 23
 Otsuka Pharmaceutical’s Saga Nutraceuticals Research Institute gathers various kinds of evidence through clinical trials on the replenishment of fluids and electrolytes under various conditions.
In 2018, leveraging our expertise from research into heat disorders, we launched POCARI SWEAT ICE SLURRY. We developed this product using proprietary technology for creating a formulation that freezes in the form of ice slurry (in which solid particles are dispersed in a liquid), which is known for its high cooling properties. This “drinkable ice” efficiently cools the body from its core, and offers people a new option for combating heat disorders when active in hot environments.
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Ion Supply Drink Research Lab https://www.otsuka.co.jp/en/nutraceutical/about/rehydration/researchlab/
▲

Business Strategy Section
Positioning of the Third Medium-Term Management Plan
Advance in the Global Market
as a Unique Total Healthcare Company —Five-Year Growth Phase (2019–2023)— Existing Business Value Maximization and New Value Creation
Performance Target: Business Profit CAGR of 10% or More
• Organic growth of mainstay products and brands in Pharmaceutical and Nutraceutical Businesses
• Actively invest in R&D to continue creating new drugs that will drive revenue during and beyond the next medium-term
management plan
Business Strategy: Existing Business Value Maximization and New Value Creation
Strategic initiatives for mainstay products and brands to accelerate growth
• Strengthen strategic initiatives for growth drivers—4 Global Products in the Pharmaceutical Business; 3 Major Brands and 3 Nurture Brands in the Nutraceutical Business
Initiatives for next-generation businesses and products
• Launch and nurture new drivers for sustainable growth in Pharmaceutical and Nutraceutical Businesses
Linking Investments and Results
Across our entire value chain, we are investing in anticipation of changes and issues five to ten years in the future, and working to steadily generate results from those investments.
A. 4 Global Products driving the group’s growth
To maximize the value of our 4 Global Products—ABILIFY MAINTENA, REXULTI, Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE, and Lonsurf— we continued to invest for growth, including signing a joint development and sales agreement with Lundbeck for ABILIFY MAINTENA and REXULTI, establishing an in-house development and sales system in the U.S. oncology business, and signing a European licensing contract with Servier for Lonsurf. As a result, these products are now driving the group’s growth.
B. Accelerating collaborations among Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Taiho Pharmaceutical and Astex Pharmaceuticals
We are sharing proprietary cutting-edge technologies cultivated by each operating company.
C. Diversification of drug discovery modalities
With a focus on generating innovation from creative and diverse research platforms, we plan to diversify drug discovery modalities and strengthen our in-house drug discovery platforms mainly by collaborating with and acquiring organizations with innovative and highly original drug discovery technologies.
 Second Medium-Term Management Plan 2014–2018
Third Medium-Term Management Plan 2019–2023
Fourth Medium-Term Management Plan 2024–2028
Beyond
  Aim to become a top-class player in the psychiatry and neurology area
Expand into new core therapeutic areas in the cardiovascular and renal area
Accelerate global development in the oncology area
Nutraceutical Business: Grow revenue to
¥500 billion or more, Achieve business profit margin of 10% or higher
  Third Medium-Term Management Plan Targets
  Business profit CAGR: 10% or more
 Revenue and business profit before R&D expenses: All-time highs
 ROE: 8.0% or higher
 R&D ratio in the Pharmaceutical Business: 20% or higher (versus revenue)
    Social Issues Relating to Strategies, and KPIs
Launched ABILIFY MAINTENA and REXULTI in Japan, the U.S. and Europe — A
Launched JYNARQUE in the U.S. and JINARC in Europe
Added indications for Samsca in Japan — A
    Social Issue
Strategic Theme
  Existing Business Value Maximization
KPIs in the Third Medium-Term Management Plan
      Revenue from 4 Global Products: Increase by ¥200 billion Revenue from New Products: Increase by ¥90 billion
Launched Lonsurf in Japan, the U.S. and Europe—A
       Address unmet needs in the psychiatry and neurology area Projects to be filed for regulatory approval
• REXULTI and AVP-786: Agitation associated with dementia
of the Alzheimer’s type
• REXULTI: PTSD
• centanafadine: ADHD
• fremanezumab: Migraine
 Create first-in-class products in the oncology area Projects to be filed for regulatory approval
• TAS-116: Gastrointestinal stromal tumor
• TBI-1301: Synovial sarcoma
• TAS-120: Intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma
  Create first-in-class products in the cardiovascular and renal area Projects to be filed for regulatory approval
• vadadustat: Renal anemia
• Ultrasound-based renal denervation system: Refractory
hypertension
    First Medium-Term Management Plan
   Second Medium-Term Management Plan
   Third Medium-Term Management Plan
  • Acquired Astex Pharmaceuticals—B, C
• Acquired Tsukuba Research Institute from
Banyu Pharmaceutical (now MSD)—B, C
• Acquired Visterra, including rights to its antibody platform technology and kidney disease-related pipeline—C
• Established Taiho Ventures
   Generating innovation from creative and diverse research platforms
• Established Taiho Innovations
• Executed a joint research agreement with PhoreMost—C
• Executed a comprehensive cooperation agreement with the Japan
Kidney Association for ADPKD and a business agreement for the commercialization of basic research in the field of renal science
  • Executed a global alliance agreement with Lundbeck in the CNS area (ABILIFY MAINTENA and REXULTI)—A
• Established Taiho Oncology and a clinical development and marketing structure in the U.S.—A
 • Acquired Avanir Pharmaceuticals
• Acquired Neurovance, including rights to centanafadine
• Licensed in fremanezumab from Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (Japan)
• Executed a joint development and sales agreement for vadadustat with
Akebia Therapeutics
• Acquired Veryan Medical
• Acquired ReCor Medical
• Acquired development and marketing rights in Asia for an adenosine
receptor antagonist from Arcus Biosciences
• Executed a joint development and exclusive sales agreement with Takara
Bio for gene-modified T cell therapy—C
   Taking on challenges in new areas
• Executed a development and commercialization agreement with Click for a digital treatment app
• Acquired development and marketing rights for AB122 in Asia from Arcus
• Established strategic collaboration in the oncology area with Taiho Pharmaceutical, Astex Pharmaceuticals and MSD—B
  • Acquired Nutrition & Santé SAS (N&S)
 • Executed a license agreement for development and commercialization with Servier for Lonsurf in Europe and other regions—A
• Executed a co-promotion agreement with MSD for KEYTRUDA (Japan)*
• Acquired Jasmine
• Acquired FoodState and entered the natural food-based supplement
business
• Acquired BIOCENTURY
• Acquired BC BIO
• Acquired Daiya Foods
   Strengthening infrastructure for group collaborations in the oncology area
• Transfer of North American marketing rights for Astex products
to Taiho Oncology—B
Strengthening products and pipeline for business operations in Japan
• Started co-promotion of LCZ696 in Japan
Taking on challenges in new regions
• Established a new health beverage subsidiary in Myanmar • Established a new health beverage subsidiary in Mexico
  Pharmaceutical Business
Unmet medical and health needs
Challenge New Frontiers: Do what only Otsuka can do
   Generate Innovation From Creative and Diverse Research Platforms
        Nutraceutical Business
24 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 25
Nutritional needs
Challenge New Categories and New Areas
Revenue from 3 Major Brands: Increase by ¥40 billion Revenue from 3 Nurture Brands: Increase by ¥40 billion POCARI SWEAT overseas revenue CAGR: 9.4%
Daiya Foods revenue CAGR: 25%
Fiscal 2023 business profit margin of Nutraceutical Business: 14.4%
• Established a new factory for POCARI SWEAT in China
• Completed a new production base for Nature Made in the U.S.
• Established a new factory for N&S gluten-free products
Established the Tokushima Mima Factory, a new pharmaceutical manufacturing facility
* Agreement terminated in 2019
Plan to launch a treatment for agitation Plan to launch fremanezumab,
a treatment for migraines
Plan to launch centanafadine,
a treatment for ADHD
 Plan to launch ultrasound-based renal denervation system
Diversification of drug discovery modalities—C Accelerating collaborations among Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Taiho Pharmaceutical and Astex Pharmaceuticals — B
        Continuous High Profit Structure
      Pave the way for investment activities
Production Sales Development Research

 Progress of the Third Medium-Term Management Plan
Overview of Fiscal 2019
In fiscal 2019, the first year of the Third Medium-Term Management Plan, we steadily executed priority measures aimed at maximizing existing business value. As a result, revenue was 1,396.2 billion yen, an increase of 8.1% from the previous year, indicating solid growth. Furthermore, business profit was 187.2 billion yen, a substantial increase of 54.8% from the previous year, outperforming the Third Medium-Term Management Plan forecast for the year.
REXULTI
brexpiprazole | Atypical antipsychotic
Marketed as an adjuvant treatment for major depressive disorder and as a treatment for schizophrenia in the U.S., this drug is highly evaluated for its efficacy and safety as a new treatment option for both diseases. In Japan, where the drug is marketed as a treatment for schizophrenia, prescriptions have grown significantly following the lifting of restrictions on maximum prescription period in May 2019. In Europe, sales began from April 2019.
At present, several clinical trials are under way with the aim of further contributing to treating unmet needs in the psychiatry and neurology area.
Progress to date
2019A
Third Medium-Term Management Plan Announced May 2019
Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE
tolvaptan | V2-receptor antagonist
Samsca is highly evaluated in various guidelines in Japan, and prescriptions are increasing for the treatment of cardiac edema and hepatic edema. Prescriptions for the treatment of the intractable disease ADPKD are increasing due to the promotion of proper use guidelines and disease awareness activities.
In May 2018, JYNARQUE was launched in the U.S. as a treatment for ADPKD. Efforts to raise disease awareness and make clinical trial data available have helped spread recognition of both the disease and the drug, resulting in a steady increase in prescriptions. In Europe also, JINARC is sold in approx. 20 countries and the number of patients receiving treatment through the drug is on the increase.
Lonsurf
trifluridine/tipiracil | Anti-cancer agent
Global Use as an ADPKD Treatment
Launched in approx. 20 countries
Contributed to approx. 5,800 patients
Estimated number of ADPKD patients
U.S.: 140,000, Europe: 205,000, Japan: 31,000 (As of March 31, 2020, in-house survey)
(¥ billion)
   2018A
2020E
1,445.0
415.0
220.0
195.0
8.0%
2021E
1,500.0
390.0
230.0
160.0
6.0% or higher
2023E
CAGR 2018–2023
    Revenue 1,292.0 1,396.2
1,700.0 5.6%
460.0 7.9%
    Business profit before R&D expenses
R&D expenses Business profit
313.8 403.0
192.9 215.8
120.9 187.2
260.0
200.0
6.1%
10.6%
            ROE 4.7% 7.3%
Pharmaceutical Business
The Third Medium-Term Management Plan calls on us to maximize existing business value and create new value, to challenge new frontiers by doing what only Otsuka can do, and to generate innovation from creative and diverse research platforms. We will take advantage of this strategic framework to position our 4 Global Products—ABILIFY MAINTENA, REXULTI, Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE and Lonsurf—as growth drivers. We will further accelerate growth, targeting 200 billion yen in revenue, an increase of 90 billion yen, on the back of New Products scheduled to be launched during the current Medium-Term Management Plan.
Progress of 4 Global Products
The 4 Global Products made smooth progress overseas, expanding regions and adding indications. Revenue in fiscal 2019 rose 34.9% from the previous year, outperforming plan targets and making a considerable contribution to growth in consolidated performance.
ABILIFY MAINTENA
aripiprazole | Antipsychotic long-acting injectable
As a global treatment for schizophrenia, there is increased awareness of this drug’s efficacy claims and convenient dosage formulation. Following U.S. approval in 2017 for an additional indication for the treatment of bipolar I disorder, prescriptions are increasing. In September 2019, we also filed for an additional indication for bipolar disorder in Japan.
The global market for atypical antipsychotic long-acting injectables continues to grow as they can address the issue of medication adherence in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. We will continue to contribute to patients around the world and aim to achieve a 30% global market share for ABILIFY MAINTENA.
8.0% or higher —
  Revenue Plan for the 4 Global Products and New Products
(¥ billion) 1,000
800 600 400 200
4 Global Products
Approx. ¥280 billion
New Products
2018A 2023E +¥290 billion
¥570 billion
Lonsurf is growing as a treatment option for advanced colorectal cancer with the help of enhanced promotion activities. Lonsurf has also received marketing authorization for the additional indication of previously treated metastatic gastric cancer in the U.S. (February 2019), Japan (August 2019), and Europe (September 2019). Further clinical studies are currently ongoing or being planned with business partners and academia to maximize the value of Lonsurf.
       0
2018A 2019A 2020E 2021E 2022E 2023E 2024E 2025E 2026E 2027E 2028E
Third Medium-Term Management Plan Fourth Medium-Term Management Plan
Treatment line
First-line
Second-line
Second-line/ Third-line
Regimen
Study in combination with bevacizumab for patients who are not candidates for intensive therapy (SOLSTICE study)*
Study in combination with bevacizumab (Specified Clinical Study)
Study in combination with ramucirumab
Country/Region
Europe
Japan
Japan
Development status
Phase III
Phase II/III
Phase II
(As of March 31, 2020)
       Fiscal 2019 revenue
Year-on-year Achievement rate
+15.7% 102% +29.3% 101% +65.1% 102% +13.6% 101% +34.9% 102%
(¥ billion)
Fiscal 2020 revenue plan
110.5 106.0 160.5
38.0 415.0
Colorectal cancer
Gastric cancer
  ABILIFY MAINTENA
REXULTI 89.8 Samsca/JINARC/JYNARQUE 149.1 Lonsurf 34.5 Total 375.1
101.8
  * Trial sponsored by Servier
Kabir Nath
President and CEO, Otsuka North America Pharmaceutical Business
Initiatives to Maximize the Value of Global Products
      Atypical Antipsychotic Long-Acting Injectables Market
In 2019, our North American prescription Pharmaceutical Business contributed to an impressive start of the Third Medium-Term Management Plan.
We continued to see strong revenue growth across our CNS and nephrology franchises. Established products like REXULTI, ABILIFY MAINTENA, and our newest, JYNARQUE, continued to perform well and exceeded sales forecasts.
This not only speaks to the efficacy and clinical value that these products are bringing to patients and healthcare professionals, but it is also a direct result of the hard work and dedication of Otsuka people across the organization.
The whole leadership team of the North American Pharmaceutical Business is committed to maximizing the value of our entire portfolio of global products. Concurrently, we seek out new business opportunities to drive future growth and ensure that we continue to operate from a position of strength and innovation.
(US$ million) 5,000
4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
2015–2019 CAGR: 18%
18.2
(%) 20
15 10 5
   26 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 27
U.S. (left)
7.4
Target market share: 30%
11.9
12.8 14.7
00 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
Contributed to approx. 4,800 patients
 Others (left) ABILIFY MAINTENA global share (right) Source: Otsuka, Lundbeck, Johnson & Johnson, and Alkermes reports

Nutraceutical Business
The Third Medium-Term Management Plan calls for revenue growth of 40 billion yen in the 3 Major Brands—POCARI SWEAT, Nature Made, and N&S—and 40 billion yen in the 3 Nurture Brands—BODYMAINTÉ, EQUELLE and Daiya.
Furthermore, we are working to maintain a high-profit structure capable of a sustained business profit margin of 10% or higher by creating new product concepts in anticipation of changes in business and other landscapes and by expanding into new categories and new regions.
Third Medium-Term Management Plan
Revenue Plan for 3 Major Brands and 3 Nurture Brands
Nature Made
Pharmavite is a leading company in the U.S. supplement industry. Under the Nature Made supplement brand, Pharmavite develops and markets products free from flavorings, colorings and preservatives. With a lineup of high-quality supplements, key items of which have been verified as meeting the strict quality criteria set by the United States Pharmacopeia (USP), Nature Made is the leading choice of U.S. pharmacists in nine product categories.
1. Based on total U.S. retail sales aggregate data reported through the Scantrack® service in the supplement vitamin category for the 52-week period ended December 29, 2019. ©2020 Information Resources Inc.
2. INTAGE SRI Health Food Multivitamin Market, cumulative market share by brand for January–December 2019
3. US News & World Report and Pharmacy Times 2019 survey: Product categories: Letter Vitamins (A–E), Coenzyme Q10, Omega-3/Fish Oil, Flax Seed Oil, Herbal Supplements, Mood Health Supplements, Diabetic Multivitamins, Cholesterol Management— Natural, Garlic Supplements
Nutrition & Santé (N&S)
The organic food market in Europe has grown in recent years as more health-conscious consumers demand safer and more trustworthy foods. Trends such as “free-from” foods and alternative products are attracting the attention of the millennial generation. In fiscal 2019, the European meat-free food market was worth approximately 1.8 billion U.S. dollars, having grown rapidly over the past five years at a CAGR of 11.9%, while the gluten-free food market was worth around 2.5 billion U.S. dollars after expanding at a CAGR of 12.3%.4
N&S, a health and nutritional food company, provides health foods and other products in more than 40 countries around the world, centered on Europe. At each of its factories, N&S has obtained ISO 14000 and ISO 12000, as well as IFS Food Standard certification, the international
4. Euromonitor International of the U.K. (Retail Value RSP)
(¥ billion) 600
400
200
0
3 Major Brands
Approx. ¥230 billion
3 Nurture Brands
2018A 2023E +¥80 billion
¥310 billion
Self-medication is increasingly prevalent in the U.S., and in recent years, related demand has continued to increase, driven by factors that include medical cost inflation. The U.S. supplement market continues to grow at a CAGR of 3.7%. We aim to turn Nature Made into a 100-billion-yen brand by developing products that incorporate cutting-edge science and by taking on challenges in new categories.
standard for auditing food manufactures, and conducts production with concern for the environment and a high level of quality management. In 2017, N&S built a new factory for gluten-free products in France and strengthened the development of free-from products to meet evolving consumer needs.
           2018A 2019A 2020E 2021E 2022E 2023E 2024E 2025E 2026E 2027E 2028E
     Third Medium-Term Management Plan
Fourth Medium-Term Management Plan
11 1
 New Products
Global Operations
New Businesses
Business Profit Plan
U.S. retail 1 Multi- 2 Leading 3 sales share vitamin sales choice
in Japan of U.S.
(¥ billion) 60
40
20
0
Business profit (left) Business profit margin
65.0
14.4%
2023E
No.
No.
No.
pharmacists
     (US$ million) 5,000
2,500
Sports beverage market CAGR (2015–2019) 4.9%
Business profit margin: Maintain at 10% or higher
43.0 42.9
50.0
12.7%
2021E
  Build a resilient business foundation
Progress of 3 Major Brands
POCARI SWEAT
Overseas, mainly in Asia, sales volume for POCARI SWEAT, a beverage for replenishing fluids and electrolytes, is increasing due to awareness activities tailored to the characteristics and needs of each region. The CAGR of the Asia-Pacific sports beverage market was 4.9% for the period 2015 to 2019. We intend to outpace recent market growth, forecasting a CAGR of 9.4% in overseas revenue for POCARI SWEAT during the period of the Third Medium- Term Management Plan.
Sports Beverage Market (Asia-Pacific*)
12.7% 12.8%
2018A 2019A
  Second Medium-Term Management Plan Review management assets that underpin the value chain
  Furthermore, given higher levels of health consciousness, we are strengthening our global sales structure to expand into new regions where we expect growth in demand for health beverages.
In the future, we aim to grow POCARI SWEAT into a 100-billion-yen brand by further enhancing brand strength through original marketing that thoroughly communicates the product concept.
      0
2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 2014 2016 2018 2020E 2022E
  China Myanmar
Indonesia Thailand Philippines Vietnam Hong Kong Other
Euromonitor International of the U.K. * Excluding Japan
28 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 29

Progress of 3 Nurture Brands
BODYMAINTÉ
BODYMAINTÉ was commercialized based on research conducted by Otsuka Pharmaceutical on the themes of “intestines and nutrition” and “exercise and nutrition.” Focusing on health management for athletes exposed to risks related to intense training, we developed BODYMAINTÉ Jelly, a conditioning food that has won the support of many athletes and sports trainers. Its main ingredients include lactic acid bacteria B240, a proprietary ingredient, as well as BCAA, arginine and whey protein. In addition, we developed BODYMAINTÉ Drink, a conditioning beverage containing lactic acid bacteria B240, to help replenish fluids and electrolytes that support proper hydration. BODYMAINTÉ Drink expands the value of this product line by supporting the health management of more consumers.
EQUELLE
EQUELLE originated from research conducted at Otsuka Pharmaceuticals’ Saga Nutraceuticals Research Institute, where women’s health is a research theme. EQUELLE, which contains equol, is sold in Japan and the U.S. as a food product that supports women’s health and beauty at a time when aging brings physical and mental changes. In Japan, we have deployed dedicated staff with expert knowledge of women’s health nationwide. With the cooperation of physicians, pharmacists and other healthcare professionals we convey the importance of personal care to women who are experiencing physical and mental changes, among other activities aimed at maintaining and improving the health of women and enhancing quality of life.
Daiya
Daiya Foods develops, manufactures, and sells high-quality, creative plant-based food products such as cheese alternatives, yogurt alternatives, dressings, and desserts. Its brand, Daiya, is enjoyed not only by vegetarians and people with food allergies, but also by the health-conscious millennial generation.
The U.S. plant-based alternatives market continues to grow. Daiya Foods is expanding its sales channels and product lineup, mainly in the area of cheese alternatives, which are a core product. Under the Third Medium-Term Management Plan, we plan to achieve a revenue CAGR of 25%.
   30 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Plant-Derived Lactic Acid Bacteria B240
Lactic acid bacteria B240 is a plant-derived lactic acid bacteria isolated through the fermentation of a type of tea leaf, traditionally consumed in northern Thailand. It was isolated by Sanae Okada, Professor Emeritus of Tokyo University of Agriculture* and its efficacy was confirmed by Otsuka Pharmaceutical.
* J Gen Appl Microbiol. 1986; 32:57-65
   Female hormone (estrogen)
Equol
Equol
Equol is an ingredient produced when daidzein, a soybean isoflavone, is metabolized by intestinal bacteria. One aspect of Otsuka Pharmaceutical’s many years of soybean research was a focus on the properties of equol. The Saga Nutraceuticals Research Institute succeeded in isolating the lactococcus 20-92 strain, a lactic acid bacteria that produces equol. We publicize the progress results of a variety of research and continue to be a leader in global research in this field.
U.S. Plant-Based Alternative Food Market
Others 14%
year-on-year
Meat 19%
1. PBFA-commissioned data from Nielsen
(52 weeks U.S. dollar sales ending December 2019)
2. Ice cream, yogurt, cheese, creamer, butter and dressing
   Dairy2
27% +11%
20191
Milk US$5.0 40%
billion
Daiya Foods Revenue Plan
CAGR
(2018 – 2023)
25%

Social Issues Targeted by Otsuka
1. Irregular and Unbalanced Diets
While there is seemingly an abundance of food in the developed world, diversification in daily routines and an increase in single-person households contribute to eating alone, skipped meals, and unbalanced diets. This can lead to poor physical and mental well-being. The Otsuka group is tackling various social issues related to nutrition by developing nutritional products and implementing dietary education activities.
Leveraging expertise in concentrated liquid diets from our clinical nutrition business, we created Calorie Mate, which provides nutrition for general consumers. It supports healthy dietary life in busy modern lifestyles, and is a pioneer in nutritionally balanced foods in Japan. As the top-selling brand,* it continues to lead the field. Compact and with a long shelf life, Calorie Mate is convenient as a nutritional food for use during sports, when there is no
time for breakfast or other meals, and during work or study,
and can also be kept as a disaster provision.

2. Women’s Health
Women experience mental and physical changes throughout their lives. The effects of rapid hormonal changes are felt by women in their 40s and 50s in particular, which can impact their social life.
The Otsuka group has identified women’s health as one
of the priority areas of its Nutraceutical Business. We are disseminating information to promote better understanding of physical changes in women and developing related products.
Otsuka Pharmaceutical’s Saga Nutraceuticals Research Institute conducts research on total health maintenance
for women in their 40s and older, including research into symptoms of menopause, bone and skin issues, and blood vessel health, and continues to generate evidence on active ingredients. In addition, our experts in women’s health carry out activities across Japan to spread accurate understanding of the mental and physical changes experienced by women and related health issues, as well as solutions to those issues.

3. Environmental Issues
Given that global warming is a major social issue, public attention is focused on CO2 emissions from food production as part of realizing a carbon-free society. The plant-based foods that Daiya Foods develops, manufactures and sells have a low carbon footprint, reduce environmental load, and are more sustainable. Daiya Foods was founded on the belief that plant-based living is better for people’s health and better for the planet. Its range of plant-based foods resonates with many people and as a category leader it is evolving into a high-growth company.
Soybeans are a part of Japan’s traditional food culture and contain quality dietary proteins, and have been referred to
as “the meat of the fields.” Focusing on the high nutritional value and potential of soybeans, Otsuka Pharmaceutical
has developed and commercialized soy-derived nutritional foods under three brands at its in-house research center—SOYJOY, SOYSH and SoyCarat. Soybeans directly consumed by people around the world account for a mere 6% of total soybean production. Beef is one source of protein, but to produce 1 kilogram of beef, it is said to take 10 kilograms
of grain, such as soybeans. There is data suggesting that the production of soybeans requires one-fiftieth of the water and one-twentieth the amount of energy needed to produce the same volume of beef. Based on the concept of “Soylution” (soy + solution), Otsuka Pharmaceutical provides solutions for both human health and environmental issues through a range of soy products.

Looking ahead to the Fourth Medium-Term Management Plan
Opportunities and Risks
As a total healthcare company, the Otsuka group conducts activities not only related to diagnosis and medication, but also to contribute to maintaining and improving the health of healthy people. Medical cost inflation due to aging populations and the increasing sophistication of medical treatment are a serious issue for Japan and the rest of the world, and in particular pose a risk to the Pharmaceutical Business. However, from the perspective of the Nutraceutical Business, we regard increased awareness of self-medication, prevention and daily health as an opportunity.
Initiatives in the Pharmaceutical Business
Psychiatry and Neurology
Aiming to become a top-class global player in the psychiatry and neurology area, with a high-potential pipeline and product portfolio
Pharmaceutical Business
• Providing total healthcare solutions, from diagnosis to treatment.
• Global R&D and marketing assets in the psychiatry and neurology
area, and the cardiovascular and renal area
• Presence in the oncology area in Japan Strength
• Stable profit in the intravenous solutions business
• Advances in science and technology, progress of basic research related to diseases
• Promotion of personalized medicine
Opportunity
Nutraceutical Business
• Creative products and marketing backed by scientific evidence
• Ability to nurture brands
• Overseas businesses that incorporate solutions to social issues with their core business processes Strength
• Steady earnings power
• Rising consumer awareness of self-medication, prevention and daily
health in tandem with medical cost inflation
• Diversification of diet
Psychiatric diseases such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder can develop at any age and affect a person’s social life, career, and studies. Moreover, concerns are growing about the increasing frequency of Alzheimer’s-related dementia as populations worldwide continue to age. These diseases affect not just the patient’s quality of life; they also place a strain on family members and caregivers, as well as on the healthcare economy. There are still many psychiatric and neurological diseases for which satisfactory treatments have yet to be established. This is because their causes and mechanisms are not fully understood, which makes the discovery of new drugs extremely difficult. The Otsuka group entered the psychiatry and neurology area in the 1970s and has continued to take on the challenge of new drug discovery with the goal of contributing to medical needs.
Agitation Associated with Dementia of the Alzheimer’s Type
We have a high-potential pipeline and product lineup, and aim to become a top-class global player in this area.
Aiming to become a top-class global player in the psychiatry and neurology area
 • Global operations in the oncology business
• Management personnel for diversifying businesses • Patent expiration of mainstay products
Weakness
• Global drug price control policies and promotion of generic drug use due to medical cost inflation
High-potential pipeline and product lineup
       • Intensifying competition in core areas
• Restrictions on sales promotion activities due to stricter regulations
OPC-XXX
REXULTI LAI
centanafadine
ABILIFY 2-Month LAI
fremanezumab AVP-786
REXULTI
Revenues in the psychiatry and neurology area (illustrative diagram)
Neurological diseases
4th MTM Plan
Threat
2nd MTM Plan
3rd MTM Plan
   * ©2020 DR/Decision Resources, LLC. All rights reserved. Reproduction, distribution, transmission or publication is prohibited. Reprinted with permission.
2014
2019
2024
  • Management personnel for diversifying businesses
• Cultural differences regarding raw materials and taste preferences
Weakness
• Sluggish overall beverage market due to unseasonal weather
• Intensification of competition in core areas due to entry of new
It is estimated that approximately 3.4 million people* in the U.S. have Alzheimer’s disease, and it is thought that a large number of those patients exhibit some form of behavioral disorder (agitation), such as excessive motor activity, and verbal or physical aggression. This kind of disorder places a burden on patients and caregivers, impacting quality of life. The Otsuka group aims to market the world’s first treatment for agitation associated with dementia of the Alzheimer’s type. Clinical trials are under way on two drugs with different mechanisms of action, brexpiprazole (REXULTI) and AVP-786.
 Pipeline
aripiprazole (long-acting injectable)
brexpiprazole
OPC-64005
AVP-786
centanafadine
TAS-205
fremanezumab
OPC-214870
Features
Dopamine partial agonist
Dopamine partial agonist
Serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine reuptake inhibitor
NMDA receptor antagonist; serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor; sigma-1 receptor agonist
Norepinephrine, dopamine and serotonin reuptake inhibitor
PGD synthase inhibitor
Anti-CGRP antibody
—
(As of March 31, 2020)
Country/Region Development status
Japan Filed ●
Japan/Europe/China Phase III
Japan/U.S./Europe Phase III
U.S. Phase III ●
U.S. Phase II ●
U.S. Phase I
U.S. Phase II
U.S./Europe Phase III
U.S. Phase II/III ●
U.S. Phase II
U.S. Phase II
U.S. Phase III ●
Japan Phase II
Japan Phase II/III ●
U.S. Phase I ●
● Project that has advanced in or after fiscal 2019
  competitors
Indication
Bipolar disorder
Major depressive disorder
Agitation associated with dementia of the Alzheimer’s type
Post-traumatic stress disorder
Borderline personality disorder
Schizophrenia; long-acting injectable
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
Agitation associated with dementia of the Alzheimer’s type
Negative symptoms of schizophrenia
Traumatic brain injury
Intermittent explosive disorder
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
Duchenne muscular dystrophy
 Opportunity
Threat
Page 34
Maximizing business value by combining group strengths
Page 43 People
Page 6
What we can achieve because we are Otsuka
Page 7
Taking on the challenge of doing what only Otsuka can do
   Our Approach to Issues
Global operations in the oncology business
Management personnel for diversifying businesses
Intensifying competition in core areas
In recent years, Taiho Pharmaceutical, a pioneer in oral oncology products in Japan, has been actively promoting further globalization, mainly by establishing its own marketing structure in the U.S. and expanding its sales networks in other regions. In addition, group companies, including Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Astex Pharmaceuticals and Taiho Pharmaceutical, are combining their assets to strengthen group-wide global operations, as well as promoting strategic alliances with external partners.
Otsuka Holdings plans and implements executive human resource development programs, and collaborates with external organizations to train managers capable of leading the next generation. In addition, individual group companies are vigorously promoting human resource development.
Based on our unique and diverse businesses, we will continue to create new value by taking on challenges, applying an original approach that addresses the health needs of people, always looking to the future.
Migraine
Epilepsy
                     32 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 33
■ Development project in an unmet needs area (defined by Otsuka based on data from PatientsMap)
Solutions business, long-acting injectables (LAI)
Psychiatric diseases
Oncology
Maximizing business value by combining group strengths
Cardiovascular and Renal System
Creating first-in-class products through new drug discovery technologies, and medical devices
Taiho Pharmaceutical engages in drug discovery, leveraging its long-standing proprietary platform focused on biochemical modulation, as well as drug discovery based on its research platform, such as the newly established Cysteinomix and kinase target drug discovery. Furthermore, through its collaboration with relation to Astex Pharmaceuticals’ fragment- based drug discovery technology, Taiho Pharmaceutical continues to discover new molecular targeting drugs.
Meanwhile, centering on external collaborations, Otsuka Pharmaceutical is taking on the challenge of establishing therapies with a focus on the future. This includes creating synergies with new modalities, in areas such as gene- modified T cell therapies and oncolytic virus therapies.
Individual group companies are combining their drug discovery technologies and assets to bolster global operations and enhance business value.
In the cardiovascular and renal area, in addition to strengthening our proprietary drug discovery platforms, we also plan to actively make growth investments, examples of which have included our business alliance with Akebia Therapeutics for vadadustat, and the acquisition of Visterra, a company with a renal disease-related pipeline. We also strive to find solutions to unmet needs in non-
pharmaceutical areas too. We are advancing development of unique medical devices, drawing on our innovative technology and our strengths in drugs and clinical research. Examples include a device for ultrasound renal denervation treatment and a peripheral artery stent system. We aim
to create first-in-class products leveraging these new drug discovery technologies and medical devices.
 Pipeline
Features
Indication
Country/Region
Development status
  Teruhiro Utsugi Managing Director, Taiho Pharmaceutical
Harren Jhoti
CEO,
Astex Pharmaceuticals
Strengths in Drug Discovery at Taiho Pharmaceutical
As a specialty pharmaceutical company in the oncology area, Taiho Pharmaceutical is utilizing its proprietary drug discovery platforms and developing highly-effective, novel anti-cancer agents that contribute to the diversification of cancer treatment. In addition to further developing and enhancing our platform technologies for drug discovery, we are accelerating our R&D by complementing our proprietary technologies through collaborations with research organizations both in and outside Japan. Furthermore, through our corporate venture capital, we have built a proprietary network
that gives us access to creative and innovative technologies and drug discovery seeds outside the company. Through research and development of promising new drugs, Taiho Pharmaceutical will contribute to a society enriched by smiles, and pursue the realization of a sustainable society.
Strengths in Drug Discovery at Astex Pharmaceuticals
As an established world leader in fragment-based drug discovery, Astex celebrated its 20th anniversary in 2019. In that time we have created a broad portfolio of programs in oncology and CNS and a successful track record of strategic alliances with pharmaceutical collaborators resulting in two approved anti-cancer agents within the last three years. Our innovative culture and collaborative spirit have continued to flourish as part of the Otsuka group as we have established new collaborations and further developed our technology that we hope will result in many new product approvals in the future.
    tolvaptan
OPC-61815
vadadustat
V2-receptor antagonist
V2-receptor antagonist
HIF-prolyl hydroxylase inhibitor
Syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion
Cardiac edema
Renal anemia
Japan
Japan
U.S./Europe
(As of March 31, 2020)
Filed ●
Phase III ●
Phase III
      ● Project that has advanced in or after fiscal 2019
 Initiatives in the Nutraceutical Business
Our two research institutes of the Nutraceutical Business investigate themes such as nutrition and exercise from original viewpoints that utilize expertise honed in our
Saga Nutraceuticals Research Institute
Since its establishment in 1984 as Japan’s first private research institute for clinical exercise and nutrition, the
Saga Nutraceuticals Research Institute has conducted R&D
in various fields related to exercise and nutrition, women’s health, and other health issues. In 2014, one of the largest controlled-environment rooms in Japan was completed at the institute, enabling the recreation of hypoxic environments equivalent to those found at up to an altitude of 5,000 meters, which were previously difficult to recreate, as well as high-temperature/high-humidity and low-temperature/low- humidity conditions. This facility helps advance research into sports nutrition, such as by verifying the effects of fluid and nutritional intake in such environments.
Otsu Nutraceuticals Research Institute
The Otsu Nutraceuticals Research Institute was established in 2000 to advance research on intestinal immunity, with a particular focus on the intestines, which play a key role in overall health. One example of the institute’s research
is related to enhancing the body’s biological barrier by increasing the secretion of immunoglobulin A (IgA), an antibody that plays a crucial role in mucosal immunity. Exploratory R&D demonstrated that lactic acid bacteria B240 heightens the function of mucosal immunity and lowers the probability of catching the common cold.
Pharmaceutical Business. Their goal is to develop and provide the world with creative products that maintain and improve people’s health and are backed by scientific evidence.
     Pipeline
Features
  TAS-118 guadecitabine
ASTX727
ASTX660
ASTX029
ASTX295
OPB-111077
TAS-114
TAS-115
TAS-116
TAS-117
TAS-119
futibatinib
TAS0313
TAS3681
TAS0728
trabectedin
canerpaturev
TBI-1301
TBI-1501
fosnetupitant
Anti-metabolite
DNA methyltransferase inhibitor
DNA methyltransferase inhibitor
IAP inhibitor
ERK1/2 inhibitor
MDM2 inhibitor
—
dUTPase inhibitor
Multi-kinase inhibitor
HSP90 inhibitor
—
—
FGFR inhibitor
Peptide vaccine
—
—
—
Oncolytic virus
NY-ESO-1 siTCRTM gene therapies
CD19 CAR gene therapies
NK1 receptor antagonist
Acute myeloid leukemia
Myelodysplastic syndromes
Myelodysplastic syndromes
Acute myeloid leukemia Solid tumors, lymphomas
Solid tumors
Solid tumors
Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma
Hematological cancer Gastrointestinal stromal tumor
Solid tumors
Solid tumors
Solid tumors
Intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma
Urothelial cancer Solid tumors
Ovarian cancer Synovial sarcoma
Acute lymphoblastic leukemia
Chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting
Japan/U.S./Europe
Japan/U.S./Europe
U.S.
Japan
Europe
U.S.
U.S.
U.S.
Japan
U.S. Japan
U.S./Europe
Japan
U.S./Europe
Japan/U.S./Europe
Japan U.S./Europe
Japan Japan
Japan
Japan
(As of March 31, 2020)
Phase III
Phase III
Filed ●
Phase I ●
Phase III ●
Phase II
Phase I/II
Phase I/II ●
Phase I ●
Phase I Phase III
Phase I
Phase I
Phase I
Phase II
Phase II ● Phase I/II
Phase I Phase I/II
Phase I/II
Phase III ●
Gastric cancer
Indication
Country/Region
 Japan
Development status
Phase III
   Ovarian cancer
U.S./Europe
Phase II
                    Non-small cell lung cancer
 Japan/U.S./Europe
 Phase II
 Prostate cancer
  Japan
  Phase II
            Prostate cancer
  U.S./Europe
  Phase I
     Pancreatic cancer
  Japan
  Phase I
     ■ Development project in an unmet needs area (defined by Otsuka based on data from PatientsMap) ● Project that has advanced in or after fiscal 2019
34 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 35

 Beyond 2030
 The Otsuka Group’s CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) —Toward Realizing a Sustainable Society—
The Otsuka group recognizes CSR is integrated into our businesses and proactively promotes CSR based on its corporate philosophy.
Corporate Philosophy
Otsuka’s Goal
To become an indispensable contributor to people’s health worldwide
Otsuka’s CSR Mission
CSR is integrated into our businesses across the Otsuka group of companies, which aims to grow while contributing to the creation of a healthy and sustainable society. We pursue these objectives supported by
a comprehensive governance system.
Contribution to a Sustainable Society
Otsuka’s business activities = Solving social issues = CSR
Healthier Society (Society) Healthier Planet (Environment)
Health, People, Quality in All We Do Climate Change, Resource Recycling and Conservation, Water Conservation
Governance
Corporate Governance, Compliance, Risk Management
    Envisaging a variety of changes, including an increase in aging populations, rapid climate change, and advances in precision medicine* associated with the spread of preventive medicine and genetic testing, the Otsuka group aims to be an indispensable provider of products and services that meet the healthcare needs of the times.
* Therapeutic approaches that achieve greater precision by applying detailed genetic and other information about each patient
Pharmaceutical Business
Driven by the corporate philosophy “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide,” the Otsuka group aims to achieve highly innovative drug discovery to find solutions for unmet medical needs. With this goal in mind, we engage in drug discovery research through multiple approaches. We will strengthen our proprietary drug discovery platform to be capable of generating new strengths and innovation. This will include utilizing the
fragment-based drug discovery technology of Astex Pharmaceuticals, the unique antibody manufacturing platform technology from Visterra, and the cysteinomix drug discovery platform of Taiho Pharmaceutical, as well as building a network with and providing research support to academia and bio-ventures that possess advanced research technologies and drug discovery seeds.
Initiatives for Innovation in Research and Development Areas
● Generate innovation through collaboration and integration of proprietary R&D platforms and technologies in core areas
● Generate results from innovation seeds through various collaborations Promote group-wide research collaborations
                Cancer immunity, cancer-related novel technologies
Collaborations with external institutions
*
Dementia, Alzheimer’s disease
Gene therapy,
exploration of new drug targets
* Consortium members: Alzheimer’s Research UK, AbbVie, Astex, CRL, Eli Lilly, Eisai, Evotec, MSD, JPNV, and Takeda
Nutraceutical Business
Awareness of health issues is rising, including issues related to aging populations, medical costs, and the spread of infectious diseases. Our goal in the Nutraceutical Business is to support the maintenance and improvement of people’s health worldwide, and thereby contribute to longer healthy life expectancy. To this end, we will utilize the expertise we have cultivated in the Pharmaceutical Business while proposing solutions based on new concepts that address yet-to-emerge needs and social issues. With an eye on changes in the global landscape, we will take on the
36 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 37
challenge of creating new value and expanding into new categories and regions by combining cutting-edge scientific and technological developments with our unique business model. Going forward, we will respond to various health- related social issues by continuing to implement health awareness activities that bring those issues to the forefront and offering solutions from each brand. Furthermore, we will promote these activities by strengthening collaborations with external institutions.

The Otsuka Group’s Approach to CSR
Toward Realizing a Sustainable Society
Materiality
Process for Determining Material Issues Page 10
In 2019, the Otsuka group determined material issues based on their importance to society and to the group’s businesses. These material issues were determined to be: Society (Health, People, Quality in All We Do), Environment (Climate Change, Resource Recycling and Conservation, Water Conservation), and Governance.
   Materiality
Social Issues
 Our Goals
 Our Activities
 Related SDGs
  Society
(Healthier Society)
  Health
 • Unmet medical and health needs
• Spread of infectious diseases
• Nutritional needs
• Increasing aging issues
• Contribute to unmet needs solutions
• Eradication of tuberculosis
• Creation of a system for the realization of a healthful life
• Healthy life extension
 • Promotion of R&D for unmet needs
• R&D of antituberculosis drugs and improvement of drug access
• Support and awareness activities for people’s health maintenance/improvement mainly on exercise and nutrition etc.
• Promotion of problem solving by strengthening partnerships
       People
  • Presenteeism
• Unprepared for diversification
  • Creation of a corporate culture that stimulates creativity
• Enhance employee engagement
  • Human resource development • Diversity promotion
• Health management
         Quality in All We Do
 • Consumption and production that impairs sustainability
• Gaining stakeholder trust
• Pursuing sustainability at all
levels of the value chain
• Establishing a quality assurance system for safety and security
 • Sustainable procurement and product design
• Thorough quality control and stable supply
• Responsible promotional activities and information provision
• Deepening communication with stakeholders
• Promotion of “customer- centric management”
   Environment
(Healthier Planet)
  Climate Change
  • Global warming
  • FY 2030 Goal: 30% reduction in CO2 emissions compared to
FY 2017
    • Reduce CO2 emissions throughout the value chain
        Resource Recycling and Conservation
 • Environmental load increase
• FY 2030 Goal: 50% reduction in simple incineration and landfill compared to FY 2019
• FY 2030 Goal: 50% or higher content of recycled and plant- based materials in our PET bottles
  • Reduce environmental impact by improving resource efficiency
• Promotion of business activities aimed at a sustainable state in both society and the earth
  Water Conservation
  • Reducing freshwater availability
  • FY 2030 Goal: Improvement of water use efficiency by 15% compared to FY 2017
  • Understanding water resources risk
• Management and effective use of water resources
  Governance
  • Fragile governance system
• Social change risk
• Long-term improvement of corporate value
 • Strengthening corporate governance
• Thorough compliance
• Risk identification, evaluation and management
  Examples of Our Activities
• Promotion of R&D for unmet needs Health
• R&D of antituberculosis drugs and improvement
of drug access Health
• Sustainable procurement and product design Quality in All We Do
• Thorough quality control and stable supply Quality in All We Do
• Responsible promotional activities and information provision Quality in All We Do
• Activities to explain the importance of hydration Health Page 42
• Support and awareness activities for people’s health maintenance/improvement mainly on exercise and nutrition etc. Health
• Promotion of problem solving by strengthening partnerships Health
• Deepening communication with stakeholders Quality in All We Do
• Promotion of “Customer-centric management” Quality in All We Do
  CSR Connected with Business Activities (through our businesses)
 CSR through Social Contribution (together with our businesses)
• Otsuka Health Comic Library Health
• Human resource development People
• Diversity promotion People
• Health management People
Page 42
 Basic CSR
• Strengthening corporate governance Governance
• Thorough compliance Governance
• Risk identification, evaluation and management
Governance
• Reduce CO2 emissions throughout the value chain Environment
• Reduce environmental impact by improving resource efficiency Environment
• Promotion of business activities aimed at a sustainable state in both society and the earth
Environment
• Understanding water resource risk Environment
• Management and effective use of water resources
Environment
• Dietary education app SketchCook Health
• SATU HATI (“One Heart”) programs* Health
Environment
Page 42
People
  *To give back to the local community in Indonesia, POCARI SWEAT manufacturer and distributor P.T. Amerta Indah Otsuka has implemented a social action program based on three core pillars: SATU HATI Cerdaskan Bangsa (“One Heart for Education”), SATU HATI Peduli Lingkungan (“One Heart for Environment”), and SATU HATI Sehatkan Bangsa (“One Heart
for Health”).
   Based on our belief that CSR is integrated into our businesses across the Otsuka group, we aim to contribute to the realization of a sustainable society by solving social issues through our businesses. Therefore, we are focusing on “CSR connected with business activities” in pursuing sustainable growth and the realization of a healthy and sustainable society, or in other words, the creation of social value, including financial value and ESG aspects.
Also, we recognize that “CSR through social contribution” (which includes donation activities) and “basic CSR” (which includes governance and risk management as the foundation of our business) are indispensable parts of corporate social responsibility. We define CSR broadly as responsible efforts that companies should make to coexist with society and the environment. We are actively advancing those CSR initiatives.
 Support for the United Nations Global Compact
Otsuka Holdings became a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) in 2016. While supporting the UNGC’s 10 principles, we also consider the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) in contributing to the realization of a sustainable society through our business activities.
   38 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 39
Defensive CSR Proactive CSR

  Society
Partnerships
1. Eradicating Tuberculosis
The Global Health Innovative Technology Fund (GHIT Fund)
is a public interest incorporated association and international public-private partnership involving the Japanese government, private corporations, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Welcome Trust, and the United Nations Development Program (UNDP). It funds drug, vaccine, diagnostic and other R&D in order to leverage Japan’s high level of technology and innovation in the fight against the world’s three major infectious diseases and neglected tropical diseases, which mainly affect developing countries. Since June 2016, Otsuka Pharmaceutical has contributed to the GHIT Fund as an associate partner.
Also, in line with the goal of eradicating tuberculosis, we have participated in the planning of the Project to Accelerate New Treatments for Tuberculosis (PAN-TB collaboration) since February 2020. This world-first global cross-industry collaboration between charitable and non- profit organizations and the drug industry aims to satisfy the Target Regimen Profiles (TRP) proposed by the World Health Organization (WHO) for tuberculosis by speeding up the development of a new pan-TB regimen suitable for all tuberculosis patients.
2. Initiatives in Kidney Disease
Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD)
is a hereditary, intractable orphan disease. It involves
the progressive development and enlargement of a
large number of fluid-filled cysts in both kidneys due to gene mutations. The kidneys grow to many times their original size, resulting in the gradual deterioration of
kidney function. Otsuka Pharmaceutical has signed a comprehensive partnership agreement on ADPKD with the Japan Kidney Association, and is working to raise awareness about ADPKD and improve the level of medical care.
Otsuka Pharmaceutical has signed a collaborative agreement—also with the Japan Kidney Association—aimed at the practical application of basic research by young researchers in the kidney field. We are openly soliciting drug discovery research themes from academia through
the Kidney Research Initiative-Japan (KRI-J)—a platform for collaboration between academia, industry and government established by the Japan Kidney Association. The signing of joint research agreements between the research institutions and Otsuka Pharmaceutical will enable us to carry out research on the selected themes.
Supplying Pharmaceuticals to More Patients
1. Fair Pricing and Improved Healthcare Infrastructure
With the aim of contributing to improved access to pharmaceuticals, the Otsuka group researches, develops and extends therapeutic drugs and IV solutions that address unmet medical needs. We also work to provide pharmaceuticals at fair prices to support improved healthcare infrastructure.
One example is Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory’s approach to IV solutions, which are defined as basic drugs (a drug with high clinical necessity whose manufacturing and sales will continue to be required without interruption).* Group companies manufacture IV solutions locally, which contributes to local communities, such as through the supply of products at fair prices and the creation of employment opportunities.
* Vision for the Pharmaceutical Industry 2013, Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
2. Expanding Access to Medicine
There are patients who cannot expect satisfactory outcomes from existing treatments, and also are not eligible to participate in clinical trials with critical, life-threatening diseases. Such patients are unable to access investigational drugs that might be a potential treatment option. Through its Expanded Access Program, Otsuka group provides patients that are ineligible to participate in clinical trials with access to investigational drugs based on application by their physician and if they meet pre-specified conditions.
Nutraceutical Business
Initiatives for Yet-To-Be-Imagined Needs
To be healthy is a desire of people worldwide. Advances
in medical technology and improvements in public health have extended life expectancy globally, but have also given rise to new health issues. The Otsuka group’s Nutraceutical Business is centered on functional beverages and functional foods that support the maintenance and improvement of day-to-day health. Our activities enable people worldwide to live healthy and independent lifestyles. Our contribution to health is not only helping to treat diseases, but also helping healthy people stay healthy through nutrition. Current social issues include extending healthy life expectancy, responding to decreasing birthrates and aging populations, and controlling medical costs. We have set “the essence of life” as a theme for contributing to health. Under this theme, we are engaged in product development and information provision activities that are backed by scientific evidence based on applied expertise from the Pharmaceutical Business.
1. Health Maintenance and Improvement Initiatives in Coordination with All 47 Prefectures of Japan
The Otsuka group is promoting community-based health maintenance and improvement initiatives, as well as disaster prevention and relief activities. As an example, Otsuka Pharmaceutical has concluded health-related partnership agreements with all 47 prefectures of Japan. We are cooperating with local governments to find solutions to the health issues of people living in each region, which includes applying our knowledge and expertise on topics such as dietary education, prevention of lifestyle-related diseases, prevention of heat disorders, sports promotion, women’s health and disaster countermeasures.
   Health
Under its corporate philosophy “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide,” the Otsuka group actively implements CSR initiatives based on the recognition that CSR is an integral part of our business. The desire to be healthy is universal. Every day, the Otsuka group carries out activities to prevent and treat diseases and to contribute to the maintenance and improvement of people’s health worldwide. The world continues to face a host of healthcare issues, such as the spread of infectious diseases, inadequate medical care facilities, and lack of effective therapies.
In aiming to solve these issues, we constantly ask ourselves if it is something that only Otsuka can do, and work to find solutions for unmet medical needs that the majority of other companies have yet to address.
Moreover, issues such as medical cost inflation mean that maintaining and improving health is now an issue that society as a whole, not just individuals, must face head on. In addition to initiatives that raise awareness of health among individuals, the Otsuka group undertakes initiatives for maintaining and improving health in society at large, including through collaboration with local communities.
    Pharmaceutical Business
Page 24, Business Strategy Section
chemotherapy and molecular targeting drugs used to treat specific organs, we are taking on challenges in the new fields of gene therapy and cell therapy in order to keep pace with the shift toward genomic medicine and personalized medicine tailored to the characteristics of the cancer in each individual patient. Going forward, we will continue to advance our R&D to deliver innovative therapeutic drugs to patients with greater speed.
3. Infectious Diseases
Tuberculosis is one of the world’s three major infectious diseases, the others being AIDS and malaria. It is the single infectious disease that accounts for the largest number of deaths. Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis is difficult to treat because it is resistant to a number of existing therapeutic drugs, and poses a serious public health hazard. Otsuka’s long period of research and development into a tuberculosis treatment culminated in the 2014 approval of tuberculosis drug DELTYBA. We are expanding access and bringing DELTYBA to more patients by obtaining regulatory approval in each country/region, and through programs developed by governments and international organizations, the Global Drug Facility launched by the Stop TB Partnership and by working with alliance partners. As of December 2019, DELTYBA is available in more than 100 countries/regions. Furthermore, we are responding to unmet medical needs by expanding indications for pediatric care and cooperating in a U.S. NIH-led prevention trial for multidrug-resistant tuberculosis. Moreover, in order to eradicate tuberculosis, there is need of a new therapeutic drug that is effective
for all forms of tuberculosis, including multidrug-resistant tuberculosis. Given this need, we are advancing R&D for OPC-167832, a new therapeutic drug to follow DELTYBA.
The Challenge of Addressing
Unmet Medical Needs
1. Psychiatry and Neurology
Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare has defined psychiatric disorders as one of the five major disease areas. The rising number of patients with such disorders poses a pressing global issue. However, while the list of psychiatric and neurological diseases is long, including schizophrenia, depression, bipolar disorder, and Alzheimer’s-related dementia, R&D in this area is challenging. The underlying causes of these diseases have yet to be precisely elucidated, and satisfaction with current treatment methods is low. However, patients and their families are in immediate
need of new therapies. Psychiatry and neurology is a key focus area in which the Otsuka group has been making headway, namely with the development of antipsychotic drugs ABILIFY MAINTENA and REXULTI, as well as Selincro, a drug that helps in the reduction of alcohol consumption in patients with alcohol dependency. We are also taking on the challenge of developing therapeutic drugs for diseases with no effective medicines.
2. Oncology
As medical science advances, year by year progress is
being made in the diagnosis and treatment of cancer. Nevertheless, there are still many diseases for which effective treatments have yet to be found, cancer remaining to be one of the leading causes of death. The oncology area, where there are still many unmet needs, is another
of the Otsuka group’s key focus areas. This stems from our track record since the 1970s as a pioneer in developing oral anti-cancer agents, which at that time were not widely used anywhere in the world. In addition to conventional
40 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 41

The Otsuka Group’s CSR: Society
2. Raising Awareness of Proper Hydration
Since the launch of POCARI SWEAT, Otsuka Pharmaceutical has been promoting the importance of hydration in various contexts. Spurred by the establishment of the Japan Amateur Sports Association (now Japan Sport Association (JSPO)) Study Group for Prevention of Heat Disorders in Sports Activities, our cooperation in efforts to prevent heat disorders through awareness activities began in 1992. Since then, we have provided information on such themes as children’s sports activities, occupational safety and hygiene, and hydration for the elderly. Otsuka Pharmaceutical’s website includes an information section titled Protect Yourself From Heat Disorders and a section presenting content based on JSPO’s A Guidebook for the Prevention of Heat Disorder During Sports Activities (First Edition). Another initiative is the Heat Disorders Prevention website, which was created in collaboration with weather forecasters. Through these and other activities, we are further raising awareness of the topic. In addition, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, which sells OS-1, an oral rehydration solution, provides operational support for Oshiete! “Kakure Dassui” Iinkai, an organization that raises awareness of ways to prevent and treat dehydration before it becomes critical.
Page 20, Feature
3. Raising Awareness of Women’s Health
The Japanese average life expectancy is over 80 years for both men and women. Healthy life expectancy is defined as the period in which a person can live without being bedridden and without limitation to daily activities due to health issues. The difference between average life expectancy and healthy life expectancy is about 9 years for men and 12 for women
in Japan. Therefore, extending healthy life expectancy is a central issue under the Health Japan 21 (the second term) plan established by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare.
With greater participation in the workforce, women are faced with the issues of balancing work with childcare, nursing care, and personal health. The effects of rapid hormonal changes
are felt by women in their 40s and 50s in particular, which can impact their everyday work and private lives. Furthermore, care taken during this period may impact their future healthy life expectancy. In response, Otsuka Pharmaceutical has developed a product containing equol, a soy-derived ingredient. It can help maintain and improve the health of women at a time when they can experience a range of mental and physical changes. Based on expertise obtained during the R&D process, we conduct activities to spread accurate understanding of the mental and physical changes experienced by women and related health issues, as well as solutions to those issues and evidence for
the efficacy of equol. A wide range of other information on nutrition in relation to women’s health and other topics can be found on the Otsuka Pharmaceutical website.
Page 30, Progress of 3 Nurture Brands
4. Conveying the Importance of Nutrition
We continue to conduct dietary education activities that explain the importance of nutrition, based on expertise gained through product development of nutritional products.
Our activities are aimed at all generations. For children,
our app SketchCook helps teach proper dietary habits and knowledge of nutrition in a world where such information can be difficult to acquire.
For busy modern adults,
we provide, in Japan,
Nature Made Supplement
Check, an app that allows
users to easily analyze
the nutritional content
of a meal by taking a
smartphone picture.
Group-wide Activities
1. 30 Years of the Otsuka Health Comic Library
We began publishing
the Otsuka Health
Comic Library in
1989 to promote
sound growth and
development of health
habits among children of the next generation. Produced with editorial supervision from the Japan Medical Association and the Japan Society of School Health, and endorsed by the Japan Pediatric Society, the library seeks to convey basic health knowledge to children, covering topics such as the makeup of the human body and nutrition, in a broad, easy-to-understand manner through the medium of comics. Every year we choose a different theme and publish a new volume. The comics
are donated* to elementary schools, special needs schools, Japanese schools overseas, and public libraries.
Each year’s theme is decided based on requests from schools and the opinions of organizations involved in school health. With the cooperation of experts in various fields,
we are finding ways to deliver factual, accurate health information to children in a fun way. We are also working to make the comics a more useful part of school health education. Since 2015, together with the Japan Society of School Health, we cosponsored lectures by health experts and usage demonstrations of the library at schools. We are continuing to evolve 30 years after the first volume, and deepening our ability to communicate the value of health.
* Approx. 23,000 books each year
2. Disaster Relief and Other Support
In light of our obligation as a company that handles items needed during emergencies, such as IV solutions, therapeutic drugs, foods and beverages, we actively engage in disaster relief activities and disaster victim assistance.
Our support for measures to counteract COVID-19 is one such example. In Japan, we supplied products such
as beverages as well as masks and protective clothing for medical use. Overseas, we donated group products such as beverages and medical products to local healthcare facilities and chapters of the Red Cross Society, in addition to making monetary donations to such organizations.
 People
The Otsuka group believes that the active participation of a diverse range of employees in a free and open-minded workplace environment generates innovation and sustainable corporate growth. To this end, we aim to foster a corporate culture that encourages creativity, invest in the development of human resources, and actively promote diversity among our personnel.
We have a safe workplace environment and strive for fair hiring, evaluation, and promotion processes that respect human rights.
     Dietary education app SketchCook
Development of Human Resources
Basic Policy
Throughout history, innovation has always been generated by people. At the Otsuka group, we strive to attract talented personnel, develop their individual abilities on an ongoing basis, and enable them to fulfill their potential. This enables us to continuously generate innovation.
Approach
In addition to medium-to-long-term business investments, the development of next-generation executive human resources is essential if we are to constantly achieve creative, innovative, and sustained growth in the medium and long term, as well as significant growth in corporate value.
In 2016, we launched the Otsuka Global Academy (OGA), human resource development program, with the aim of early identifying and nurturing talented personnel that will underpin the development of the next generation. Executive human resource development programs are produced and run in-house across the Otsuka group,
while also aiming to realize effective HR development through collaboration with external agencies. The programs emphasize the handing down of corporate culture and seek to identify the kind of candidates required to lead
the Otsuka group in the future. As of December 31, 2019, a total of 141 employees from across the group had participated in the programs. In April 2020, we launched the Global E-learning Platform in cooperation with Harvard Business School Publishing. Approximately 1,000 Otsuka group employees in Japan and overseas use this global platform to improve their business literacy and skills.
In addition, individual group companies are vigorously promoting human resource development. For instance, Otsuka Pharmaceutical has operated WING, a voluntary leadership study group, since 2009. Participants identify internal and external issues, and work in teams to discuss potential solutions before formulating a proposal for consideration. Taiho Pharmaceutical established “Global One Academy,” a corporate university, in 2016. In the
Participants in executive human resource development programs of Otsuka Global Academy:
More than 140
Employees interviewed by
the Human Resources Department (Otsuka Pharmaceutical):
More than 1,500
  42 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 43
one-year program, selected participants learn about
the corporate DNA, and acquire leadership, task-setting and problem-solving skills. Recognizing that good input produces good output, Otsuka Warehouse conducts various programs intended to inspire participants to generate unique new ideas. Programs offer ambitious employees a variety of opportunities, including the opportunity to attend business school courses, or to go on overseas tours of cutting-edge technology facilities in order to improve their IT literacy.
The Otsuka group is building an educational framework that enables each member of its diverse workforce to continue developing and displaying his or her individual potential and reflects the characteristics of each group company’s business.
We have also established an open recruitment system1 and self-assessment system2 for the purpose of enhancing the capabilities of employees at each company.
At Otsuka Pharmaceutical, the Human Resources Department holds individual interviews with every employee, and follows up on the issues they raise. Interviews are conducted with more than 1,500 employees every year.
1. Under this system, the Otsuka group internally discloses requirements of a certain position or job and then fills it from among those who apply. Employees that satisfy the requirements can apply directly to the company offering the position and be transferred if expectations of both parties are in agreement. The open recruitment system can be utilized by employees working at group companies in Japan, and is aimed at boosting employee capabilities and motivation, as well as invigorating exchange within the group.
2. Under this system, employees can submit opinions and suggestions regarding their current work duties and workplace, as well as career plan aspirations, to the Human Resources Department. The self-assessment system is implemented on a once yearly cycle, with the goals of further developing employee potential, ensuring assignment to appropriate jobs, and improving the workplace environment.

      The Otsuka Group’s CSR: Society
Diversity & Inclusion
Basic Policy
The Otsuka group actively promotes diversity based on
the belief that active participation by a wide range of employees further advances innovation and globalization. Accordingly, as a corporate group constantly in pursuit of innovation, we are endeavoring to establish a richly diverse workplace environment.
Approach
Since the 1980s, a time when the concept of diversity had yet to gain wide acceptance, our top management has actively promoted diversity in the belief that active contributions from personnel with diverse nationalities, races, ages, genders, disabilities, sexual orientations and other characteristics are essential in creating innovative products and ideas that drive corporate growth.
The Otsuka group has stated its commitment to promoting diversity in the Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics. Furthermore, in 2017 the group became a signatory to the Women’s Empowerment Principles (WEPs), a set of corporate principles jointly developed by the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and UN Women2 that offers guidance on how to empower women in the workplace.
To demonstrate our commitment as a signatory to the WEPs, we have introduced a number of systems that meet WEPs at group companies in Japan. Notable examples
are the Work Interval System, which mandates minimum rest periods for workers, and the Family Smile Support System,3 which encourages employees to work from home if necessary to deal with childbirth, childcare, childrearing, and nursing care, thus achieving better work efficiency,
Employees taking parental leave (of whom male employees):1
513 (210)
productivity, and work-life balance. We also regularly hold group-wide training on women’s empowerment. In order to support our diverse employees in pursuing career continuity, we have enhanced childcare, nursing care, and other systems at each group company and have opened daycare centers at three of our business premises (in Tokushima, Osaka, and Tsukuba) to help employees balance childcare and work.
Moreover, we are actively conducting diversity promotion initiatives such as group-wide seminars with the theme of LGBT, with the aim of achieving a more inclusive workplace.
As a company developing and supplying anti-cancer agents, Taiho Pharmaceutical has a team to realize “Workplace support for employees with cancer.” This team, mainly composed of the Human Resources Department
and occupational nursing staff, aims to create a workplace where employees with cancer or other diseases can receive treatment while continuing to work. Taiho Pharmaceutical has been recognized with an Excellence Award from
the Tokyo Metropolitan Government for its outstanding initiatives under this support framework that helps cancer patients balance treatment and work.
Furthermore, Otsuka Pharmaceutical established Heartful Kawauchi in Tokushima City in 2011 as a special purpose subsidiary. This subsidiary enables people with disabilities to fully realize their potential.
1. Scope: Figures for 2019 at nine companies (Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Warehouse, Otsuka Chemical, Otsuka Foods, Otsuka Pharmaceutical D&C, Otsuka America Pharmaceutical, and Pharmavite)
2. United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women 3. Revised telework system for increased flexibility
Health & Safety
Basic Policy
The Otsuka group recognizes that the mental and physical well-being of each and every employee is indispensable
to realizing the group’s shared corporate philosophy. To this end, we are committed to creating a safe workplace environment and are continuously implementing initiatives to help employees maintain and improve their health.
Approach
The major Otsuka group companies have issued a declaration on health under which they strive to create a workplace environment conducive to employee health maintenance
and improvement. As part of efforts led by Otsuka Holdings, officers in charge of health management at each group company cooperate with the Otsuka Pharmaceutical Health Insurance Association and medical professionals in activities aimed at improving the health of employees. One such activity is the hosting of Health Seminars for group employees and their families. Held in major cities across Japan, these seminars are aimed at communicating the group’s initiatives on health, introducing the Otsuka Pharmaceutical Health Insurance Association, and disseminating information relevant to improving the health of employees and their families. Another activity is the group-wide Tokushima Health Project, known as TOK-J, launched in 2017 under the theme of creating lively and cheerful workplaces by lowering the risk of lifestyle diseases. This project targets the Tokushima region—where the greatest concentration of group employees live and work—and focuses on raising awareness of health issues in the region as a whole. The project promotes walking, exercise and a healthy diet.
Improving Workplace Health and Safety
For the purpose of creating a safe and secure workplace, at factories and other business sites of each group company in Japan we have established safety and health committees, as defined in the Industrial Safety and Health Act. We actively carry out workplace health and safety inspections, as well as the necessary activities to ensure appropriate management of health, operations and the workplace environment, in addition
External Recognition
Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organization* (White 500) (large enterprise category)
Otsuka Holdings, Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory
 External Recognition
Nadeshiko Brand
System for selecting companies that actively promote the employment and advancement of women. (Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry; Tokyo Stock Exchange)
Selected in 2020: Otsuka Holdings*
* Scope of survey: Otsuka Holdings and Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Anzen Dojo
Female manager ratio:1 10.3%
Participants in Health Seminars held by the group for employees and family members:
1,050 (Cumulative)
Participants in Anzen Dojo programs (Otsuka Chemical):
658
to relevant education and training. These activities are reported at health and safety committee meetings and form the basis
for improvements to the workplace environment. Furthermore, major group companies hold a joint meeting every year to share reports on workplace accidents and recurrence prevention measures.
Otsuka Chemical, which handles chemical substances, conducts various workplace safety initiatives. Major initiatives include a system for swift information sharing on issues related to factory operations among all domestic and overseas locations, as well as regular reporting of group safety at Board of Directors meetings. Another key initiative is Anzen Dojo, an experience-based safety training center which opened in 2012 as part of measures to prevent occupational accidents. The center runs training programs aimed at improving safety awareness for group employees, employees of overseas affiliates, and third parties. Through classroom instruction and simulations of past accidents, the center reinforces lessons from failures and safety knowledge, sharpens awareness of danger, and develops the ability to identify potential risks.
In recognition of its activities to improve health and safety education and establish a safety culture through Anzen Dojo, Otsuka Chemical received an RC Outstanding Award from the Japan Chemical Industry Association at the 8th Annual Responsible Care Awards in 2014.
(Fiscal 2019)
    44 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 45
Platinum Kurumin and Kurumin
Certification system based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children. Platinum Kurumin is a certification for Kurumin-certified companies that have carried out higher-level initiatives.
(Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare)
Platinum Kurumin:
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharmaceutical
Kurumin:
Otsuka Pharmaceutical, and others
Eruboshi
Certification system based on the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement
in the Workplace. Companies are recognized for excellent efforts to empower women in the workplace. (Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare)
Eruboshi (highest grade): Otsuka Chemical
Diversity Management Selection 100
System recognizing companies that have improved corporate value through diversity management. (Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry)
2014 Award: Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organization*
(large enterprise category)
Taiho Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Techno
Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organization*
(SME category)
Otsuka Electronics, JIMRO, Otsuka Wellness Vending
* The Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organization Recognition Program examines organizations working to overcome health-related challenges in local communities or to promote health-conscious activities led by the Nippon Kenko Kaigi, and recognizes organizations for outstanding efforts in health and productivity management.

The Otsuka Group’s CSR: Society
2. Joint Business Partner Audit by Pharmaceutical Companies
In the Otsuka group, four pharmaceutical companies conduct joint business partner audits for shared suppliers of raw materials. We began these audits in 2016, applying proprietary methodologies and including an auditor skills training program.
Production, Quality Control and Patient/Customer Safety
 Quality in All We Do
To help build a sustainable society, the Otsuka group seeks to achieve sustainability by addressing environmental and social issues and by establishing a quality assurance structure that ensures safety and reliability at every stage of the value chain.
Production, Quality
R&D Procurement Control and Patient/ Logistics Sales and Marketing
Customer Safety
     R&D
1. Ethical Considerations Concerning Appropriate R&D
The use of experimental animals to verify efficacy and safety in R&D is at times necessary. The Otsuka group complies with all related laws, ordinances, and guidelines while striving to uphold scientifically valid methodologies and ethical considerations from the viewpoints of animal protection and welfare, including the lives of the animals; preservation of the environment; and the safety of experimenters.
As an in-house management system, we have developed and implemented rules on experiments that involve animals, have established an Animal Experiment Committee, and properly carry out animal experiments and breeding. The Animal Experiment Committee evaluates whether each proposed animal experiment plan is appropriate based on the 3Rs principles. These are Replacement/avoidance or
Procurement Basic Policy
The Otsuka group, together with its business partners, aims to contribute to the building of a sustainable society by promoting CSR procurement that takes into consideration factors such
as legal and regulatory compliance, the environment, and the protection of human rights.
Approach
Across the entire value chain, the Otsuka group engages in business activities that are safe, reliable, socially acceptable, and in compliance with laws and regulations. When commencing transactions with a supplier, we perform screening and checks to ensure the quality of raw materials and to guarantee stable procurement. We also conclude a basic transaction agreement. In the case of a new supplier, transactions are determined only after we have carried out due diligence.
We aim for mutually sustainable development through fair, equitable and transparent procurement and the establishment of healthy relationships with business partners. To achieve this, we have formulated and share with all business partners the Otsuka Group Sourcing/Procurement Vision & Policy, which takes into account factors such as human rights, labor issues, the environment and anti-corruption measures.
We have also formulated the Sourcing/Procurement
replacement of animal use, Reduction/minimization in the number of animals used, and Refinement/minimization of animal suffering. Based on these, we conduct researcher education and internal inspections and evaluations of the implementation of experiments involving animals.
2. Ethics in Development
In the development of pharmaceuticals, we confirm the safety and effectiveness of candidate compounds by conducting clinical trials with the cooperation of healthy individuals and patients. Recognizing the importance of ethical considerations regarding human rights and personal information, the Otsuka group implements clinical trials in compliance with ethical principles and standards, including ICH-GCP, an international standard for the implementation of clinical trials for pharmaceutical products.
Guidelines to provide more specific descriptions of the provisions of the above vision and policy. In order to ensure
a stable supply of products, we perform advance risk assessments on key raw materials to identify potential risks
so that we can take countermeasures. We also make sure to source raw materials from multiple companies, in principle. For products that use palm oil, for example, Otsuka Pharmaceutical confirms that its business partners are RSPO* members before purchasing raw materials.
* Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil
1. Collaboration with Business Partners
We conduct surveys of business partners using the CSR procurement self-assessment questionnaire* published by UN Global Compact Network Japan. In 2018, we asked 26 companies to complete the survey, and received responses from 25. In 2019, nine companies were selected, all of whom responded.
We assess our business partners not only with respect to legal and regulatory compliance but also with respect to their activities regarding human rights, labor, the environment, and anti-corruption measures. Results of the survey are provided to partners as feedback to further promote CSR procurement. Going forward, we will hold briefing sessions for our partners. * Questionnaires are sent to business partners that meet predefined criteria.
Basic Policy
The Otsuka group always puts its customers first. In seeking to make products that gain their trust, we promote collaboration and joint activities among group companies, taking into account the characteristics of each of our businesses, which include pharmaceuticals, foods and beverages, chemicals, and cosmetics.
Approach
The Otsuka group is strongly committed to quality. This commitment began with the words of Busaburo Otsuka, the founder of the Otsuka group: “Quality is vital in a factory and so is packaging. We have to manufacture and market, putting ourselves in the consumer’s position.” This commitment has been passed down by employees ever since. We believe that ensuring a stable supply of high-quality products contributes to a sustainable society. As such, we believe we should focus active efforts on ensuring quality through human resource development and by building appropriate systems.
The Otsuka group’s production, quality, and safety control systems comply with legal and regulatory requirements,
and with governmental and industry standards, including the Pharmaceutical and Medical Devices Act and the Food Sanitation Act. Group companies also work to acquire international certifications such as ISO 9001 for quality, and ISO 22000 and FSSC 22000 for food safety.
1. Production
Production departments at the Otsuka group employ a traceability system covering all stages of the value chain, from raw material procurement to production, distribution, and sales, thereby enabling thorough management throughout the entire value chain.
Moreover, for over 30 years, production departments
have held a global production meeting aimed at group-
wide improvements by sharing techniques and information. In 2019, the meeting was attended by approximately 100 employees involved in production at group companies in 13 countries/regions. In addition, failure case study meetings and environmental management information exchange meetings began in 2017 and 2018, respectively. At these meetings, participants share presentations and opinions on case studies of collaborative measures and technological development
to address quality, safety, cost and environmental issues, the future outlook, and overseas development.
At the global production meeting, we also present awards to employees who have made significant contributions
to production activities, lay the foundations for further improvements in productivity, and conduct personnel training.
2. Quality Control and Patient/Consumer Safety
The Otsuka group always puts its customers first. To this
end, it has built and maintains safety control and operation systems that take into account the characteristics of each
of its businesses, which include pharmaceuticals, foods and beverages, chemicals, and cosmetics. Proper assurance of quality is the foundation for the efficacy and safety that enable pharmaceutical products to be used in medical care.
In addition, while complying with the laws and regulations
in each country, for example the Pharmaceutical and Medical
Devices Act in Japan, we engage in quality control and post-
marketing surveillance to ensure safety in accordance with
GQP1 and GVP2 standards. We also make reports, as well as
compile and revise various documentation, for submission to
the relevant regulatory authorities. We have also established a
system for constant global pharmacovigilance that collects and
assesses product safety information, including on side effects.
We continue to promptly provide the results of our monitoring
to medical institutions and other relevant parties.
1. GQP: Good Quality Practice 2. GVP: Good Vigilance Practice
3. Global Product Quality Team Activities for the Pharmaceutical Business
Since 2016, Otsuka Pharmaceutical and its group companies have conducted activities to enhance compliance with GxPs* for a range of processes from development through to
the finished product. Among initiatives to improve quality control systems, we hold meetings attended by management personnel, as well as group-wide meetings.
The Pharmaceutical Business established global product quality policies in 2017. Activities are carried out globally, and include ensuring the reliability of quality data and compiling procedural manuals.
* GxP: Umbrella term for GCP, GVP, GMP, GDP, etc.
4. Quality Control Activities for the Nutraceutical Business
In 2018, Otsuka Pharmaceutical established the Quality Division for the purpose of further facilitating quality improvement
and safety control for products in the Nutraceutical Business. Furthermore, with the establishment of the Quality Assurance Office, we have implemented a system based on GMP for pharmaceuticals. The system enables centralized management of all processes from identifying and verifying risks arising
from changes, to investigating causes and taking remedial action when risks manifest. As of May 2020, all our factories in Japan that manufacture nutraceuticals are certified for the FSSC 22000 food safety standard.
 46 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 47
Partners surveyed through the self-assessment questionnaire:
34 (Cumulative)
For details on the Otsuka Group Sourcing/Procurement Vision & Policy, please visit our website:
https://www.otsuka.com/en/csr/society/ quality/procurement.html

The Otsuka Group’s CSR: Society
5. Collaboration between Pharmaceutical and Nutraceutical Departments
Product quality departments of the Pharmaceutical Business and Nutraceutical Business jointly hold an annual global product quality meeting. The 2019 meeting was attended by around 100 managers and quality supervisors for pharmaceuticals
and nutraceuticals from 22 companies in nine countries.
Logistics Basic Policy
The Otsuka group handles products that relate directly to human life, including pharmaceuticals, foods and beverages. As such, we ensure the rigorous control and maintenance
of product quality throughout distribution, and actively take measures to ensure stable supply in the event of a natural disaster or other emergency situation. The group also promotes environmentally friendly logistics operations through measures such as reducing CO2 emissions.
Approach
The Otsuka group delivers products throughout Japan, mainly via group company Otsuka Warehouse. To ensure the control and maintenance of product quality, Otsuka Warehouse has set up the GDP* Promotion Office to facilitate appropriate logistics in accordance with the GDP guidelines for pharmaceuticals. We disseminate the principles of the GDP guidelines among personnel engaged in the manufacture and distribution
of pharmaceuticals through training and drills on quality management systems, document control, administration of outsourced processes, facility and equipment maintenance, storage and transport operations, assessment of supplier and customer eligibility, among others. In addition, we conduct regular training to ensure compliance with internal standards and procedures.
We also strive to standardize data management system specifications in order to facilitate collaboration and cooperation between shippers and logistics operators.
* GDP: Good Distribution Practice
Sales and Marketing Basic Policy
The Otsuka group believes that it has a responsibility to deliver higher-value products and services to customers. To do so, we will engage in suitable promotion and advertising activities that comply with laws and regulations, and communicate with customers in an appropriate manner.
Approach
The Otsuka group has expanded on the JPMA Promotion Code for Prescription Drugs—a code of behavior for healthcare professionals issued by the Japan Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association (JPMA)—to formulate its own Code of Practice covering each group company in an effort to engage in appropriate collaboration based on relationships of trust with all stakeholders, including medical practitioners.
The meeting is an opportunity for participants to review the preceding year’s quality control performance and to work on improving quality control and developing personnel by sharing reports that illustrate the need for predictive risk management in production activities, based on the importance of learning from examples of issues as well as successes.
Specifically, we are improving logistics quality by introducing IT systems for truck dispatch and vehicle monitoring, which enable better tracking of transport and delivery status.
Other initiatives
include computerizing
warehouse operations
to reduce incorrect
shipments and mispicks,
thereby helping quality
improvement through
higher efficiency.
The diverse assortment of shipping forms has been standardized and digitalized, with benefits that include lower mishandling rates when orders are changed.
Otsuka Warehouse is working to ensure stable supply
by establishing distributed storage facilities across Japan
to maintain adequate product stocks that reflect product characteristics. Furthermore, for pharmaceuticals, a framework for business continuity planning (BCP) has been established that ensures essential products can be delivered to where they are needed. In addition to securing stock, measures include developing an emergency response system for transporting products, for example registering vehicles for authorized access to restricted areas and exchanging MOUs with shippers, warehouse owners and other partners for cooperation in the transport of emergency relief supplies.
Given that society demands transparency in relationships between pharmaceutical companies and healthcare organizations, we are striving to ensure code adherence in order to fulfill our duty as a pharmaceutical company and ensure the practice of ethical, patient-oriented medical care.
1. Approach in the Nutraceutical and Consumer Products Businesses
The Nutraceutical Business contributes to solutions for social issues by providing creative products directed at maintaining
and improving people’s health while offering useful health information. Otsuka Pharmaceutical has established the Scientific Affairs Department to gather and disseminate information
about products, related knowledge and the latest academic information in order to provide appropriate information to
consumers. To develop personnel who can help resolve social issues, we hold monthly training programs in three formats: group seminars, e-learning and satellite broadcasting.
In a similar fashion to the Pharmaceutical Business, we have established a dedicated unit comprising multiple departments to review marketing plans and sales promotion materials for nutraceutical and consumer products. This ensures that our marketing and sales promotion activities are appropriate and comply with laws and regulations.
2. Reducing Food Loss
The Otsuka group seeks to address food loss issues by producing foods and beverages with longer shelf lives and with expiration dates that are indicated by the month rather than day. Some products are unsuitable for the consumer market due to being short-dated, in poor condition external packaging or other reasons. From 2019, to further reduce food loss,
we began selling these products to group employees. These initiatives helped us eliminate approximately 131 tons of food loss in 2019.
  Promotion of Customer-centric Management
 Warehouse navigation system
Basic Policy
In October 2018, the Otsuka group announced its Declaration of Customer-centric Commitment, as a way of putting the corporate philosophy into practice. Promotion of customer- centric management has been targeted in activities for material issues. In conducting business, we recognize that respecting consumer rights is an important human rights issue. Our Declaration of Customer-centric Commitment establishes basic policies stating our commitment to our social responsibilities
as a corporation, which we fulfill by pursuing customer-centric management and making appropriate decisions that are based on dialogue with all stakeholders.
1. Inculcating a Customer-centric Mindset in Employees
Customer-facing employees from group companies in Japan meet twice yearly to share best practices for customer service and product improvements. This helps foster a customer-centric corporate culture.
2. Enhancing Information Exchange with Customers and Mechanisms for Reflecting Customer Feedback
Each group company establishes dedicated customer contact points for patients, healthcare professionals and general consumers, and provides appropriate training for the employees who work there. For example, the assignment of specially trained female operators enables us to better answer inquiries about products designed for women. This approach helps us deepen communication with customers, provide appropriate information and reflect customer requests and suggestions in product improvements.
One such product improvement was for OS-1* and OS-1 Jelly,* produced by Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory. These products are foods for persons with medical conditions. We received feedback from elderly individuals, customers receiving
treatment, those in need of nursing care and others who said that they had difficulty opening the cap because of muscular strength issues. Based on this feedback, we redesigned the container to be easier to open. We have also created websites that provide product information in Japanese, English, Chinese and Spanish, and added QR codes to product labelling that link with these websites.
*OS-1 is approved as a food for persons with medical conditions and is intended to provide water and electrolytes in order to maintain the proper water and electrolyte balance in persons with mild-to-moderate dehydration (Approved by the Consumer Affairs Agency)
  For packaging produced by group companies in Japan,
with the exception of certain products such as those with space limitations, we ensure the understandability of labelling. In addition to information required by law, the following information is presented: instructions for storage after opening, precautions for use, an easy-to-read list of allergens contained (mandatory and recommended items), and a clear indication of packaging materials. Based on customer feedback, we continue to make further improvements. For example, Otsuka Foods
has redesigned allergen labelling by adding a list of allergens on the package in a separate location from the comprehensive list of instructions and precautions. For Bon Curry for Children, illustrations have been
added to make the
information easier to
understand, so that
consumers can purchase
it with peace of mind.
 Previous design
New design
    48 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 49
For details on the Declaration of Customer-centric Commitment, please visit our website:
https://www.otsuka.com/en/company/ customer/
Example of Improved Product: OS-1 Jelly Enlarged cap diameter by 5 millimeters.
Previous design
New design
Larger cap makes the product easier to open.
 
Environment
      Climate Change
FY 2030 Goal: 30% reduction in CO2 emissions compared to FY 2017
Climate change due to global warming is causing serious environmental issues on a worldwide scale, such as by severely impacting biological and water resources. We recognize it as a major risk to our global operations. The Otsuka group is committed to creating a decarbonized society, and thereby a sustainable society. We are aiming to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across the entire value chain in order to help achieve the Paris Agreement goal of holding the global average temperature increase below 2°C above pre-industrial levels.
Otsuka Group Global Environmental Council
As a global group that contributes to the health of people worldwide, the Otsuka group works sincerely to reduce the impact its businesses have on the global environment, and seeks to contribute to the creation of a sustainable society that can protect nature and the future of the earth.
The Otsuka Group Global Environmental Council comprises the group-wide coordinator at Otsuka Holdings, executive officers at each group company who are responsible for and have jurisdiction over matters related to the environment, and a secretariat. Matters deliberated on by the council are approved by the Board of Directors of Otsuka Holdings, and shared as the environmental management policies of the Otsuka group. The council promotes initiatives that contribute to solutions to global social issues related to the earth’s environment.
■ Otsuka Group Global Environmental Council Organization
1. Initiatives for Efficient Energy Use and CO2 Reduction
In Tokushima Prefecture, where a number of Otsuka group production sites are concentrated, we have installed cogeneration systems at Otsuka Chemical and Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory. These systems generate electric power from natural gas, while converting waste heat into steam and hot water, which are then supplied to nearby group companies. Furthermore, the cogeneration system introduced in February 2020 at Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory’s Toyama Factory supports our business continuity plan, reduces annual CO2 emissions by approximately 1,800 tons, and contributes to energy efficiency and stable drug supply.
We are working to reduce CO2 emissions by switching to renewable energy. In July 2019, we started introducing CO2-free electricity, which is derived from renewable energy sources and does not emit CO2, at Otsuka group factories and research centers in Tokushima Prefecture and at Otsuka Pharmaceutical’s Fukuroi Factory. In November 2019, we expanded its introduction to Otsuka Foods’ Shiga Factory, and overseas to Nutrition & Santé’s Spain Factory.
Taiho Pharmaceutical have been validated under the Science Based Targets (SBT) Initiative.
In order to achieve these new goals, we will optimize energy use and introduce renewable energy, and continue to promote reduction of GHG emissions throughout the value chain.
2030 Goals
• Reduction of greenhouse gas
emissions (Scope 12 and 23)
by 30% compared to 2017
• Reduction of greenhouse gas
emissions (Scope 34) by 20% compared to 2017
1. An international initiative led by the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), World Resources Institute (WRI), and World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF). Validates companies’ CO2 emission reduction targets that align with scientifically-based reduction scenarios, in order to achieve the Paris Agreement goal of holding the global average temperature increase below 2°C above pre-industrial levels.
2. Scope 1: Direct emissions
3. Scope 2: Indirect emissions from energy sources 4. Scope 3: Other indirect emissions
3. Third-Party Verification of GHG Emissions
In order to improve the transparency and reliability of
its environmental data, the Otsuka group has its GHG emissions Scopes 1 and 2 (CO2 emissions from energy sources, including energy consumption), and Scope 3 (Category 1) verified by third-party organizations. This helps us identify emissions trends and implement improvements. We will continue to expand the scope of verification and further enhance the reliability of our data.
 Otsuka Group’s Environmental Policy
The Otsuka group of companies strives to advance
as an essential company that contributes to the
health of people worldwide. We will help to realize
a sustainable society by always taking account of the global environment in the value chain as we pursue our business activities based on our trademark qualities of autonomy, proactiveness and creativity.
Guidelines
1. Climate Change
Play a part in controlling global warming by reducing CO2 emissions.
2. Resource Recycling and Conservation
Continue to improve resource efficiency and help create a zero-waste society.
3. Water Conservation
Promote sustainable use of water through conservation, recycling and clean return.
4. Environmental Compliance
Continue to improve our environmental management system, increase effectiveness of compliance, and reduce risks.
   Otsuka Holdings director
  The Otsuka group has determined the materialities of its environmental initiatives to be climate change, resource recycling and conservation and water conservation. We have set goals for 2030, and are carrying out activities aimed
at achieving them. As part of these initiatives, the Otsuka group’s five major companies in Japan1 are working to acquire integrated ISO 14001 certification, the international standard for environmental management systems, as part of efforts to promote activities that are more efficient and highly effective.2
Going forward, the group will work together toward
the realization of a decarbonized society, and ultimately a
sustainable society, raising awareness and understanding
of environmental issues by conducting environmental
training for employees and generating synergy through
collaborations between group companies.
1. Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Chemical, and Otsuka Foods
2. As of December 31, 2019, 20 Otsuka group companies in Japan and overseas are ISO 14001-certified. To accelerate efforts to achieve group goals, we are working to acquire integrated ISO 14001 certification for the group.
Council members
Secretariat
 Otsuka Holdings Otsuka Pharmaceutical
 Otsuka Pharma- ceutical
Otsuka Pharma- ceutical Factory
Taiho Pharma- ceutical
Otsuka Chemical
Otsuka Warehouse
Otsuka Foods
■ Total CO2 Emissions (Thousand tons-CO2)
(Tons/¥ million) 1.00
900
600
300
0 Total
821 0.59
2019
Japan 34.4% Indonesia 21.2% India 18.5%
    2017
2018
CO2 emissions (left)
CO2 emissions per sales (right)
Scope: All production sites of the consolidated Otsuka group
2. Validation of Otsuka Pharmaceutical and Taiho Pharmaceutical Goals under the SBT Initiative1
South Korea North America China
Europe
7.5%
7.6% 0.50 5.9%
2.1%
■ GHG Emissions throughout the Value Chain
 Others 2.9%
Other categories
27.2%
Category 15 55.3%
Scope 12 10.5% Scope 23 7.0%
Scope 34 82.5%
0
1,320 thousand tons-CO2
  50 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 51
Group-wide coordinator
GHG reduction goals set by Otsuka Pharmaceutical and
5. Purchased goods and services
Scope: Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharmaceutical,
 Otsuka Chemical, and Otsuka Foods

The Otsuka Group’s CSR: Environment
 Resource Recycling and Conservation
FY 2030 Goals: 50% reduction in simple incineration and landfill compared to FY 2019 50% or higher content of recycled and plant-based materials in our PET bottles
In order to realize both a sustainable society and ongoing corporate growth, a global shift to sustainable business models that grow without impacting the environment is necessary. To continue providing products that contribute to the health of people worldwide, the Otsuka group will raise resource efficiency throughout the value chain and build a sustainable system for recycling and conservation of resources, including biological resources.
 Water Conservation
FY 2030 Goal: Improvement of water use efficiency by 15% compared to FY 2017
Since its establishment, the Otsuka group’s operations have had a deep connection to water, a resource essential
to life. Through products that use water as a raw material, we have actively contributed not only to the treatment and prevention of diseases, but also the maintenance and promotion of health. We therefore recognize water as an important resource, and consider its conservation to be a critical global issue. Moreover, water resources are unevenly distributed across different countries and regions, each of which faces different risks. The Otsuka group therefore cooperates with all stakeholders, and conducts ongoing water conservation initiatives from intake to discharge (including cultivation of water resources, conscientious use and clean return), in the aim of sustainable water use.
1. Initiatives to Achieve Zero Waste1
In fiscal 2019, the Otsuka group’s total global waste volume was 97,000 tons. The effective use amount including material recycling,2 composting, and heat recovery3 was 74,000 tons, or about 76% of the total.
Furthermore, the simple incineration volume was 5,000
tons (mainly in Japan) and the landfill volume was 11,000
tons (mainly overseas). Going forward, we will promote
activities to reduce waste and disposal volumes together
with group companies in Japan and overseas.
1. Approach seeking to reduce waste generation and wasted resources to zero
2. Reuse of recycled materials as raw materials
3. Generation and use of heat energy from incineration (in accordance with EU or
Japanese standards); includes use as fuel and solid fuel conversion
Otsuka Group Plastic Policy
Evaluating Water Risk at Production Sites
Considering environmental risk in each region is also important to sustainable growth in the diverse business models of the Otsuka group operating around the world. Since 2017, the Otsuka group has conducted water risk assessments at all production sites using the water risk assessment tool “Aqueduct,” developed by the World Resources Institute (WRI), so as to understand and minimize the impact of such risk on water-related business activities. Going forward, we will conduct more specific assessments and promote activities tailored to each region that target the effective management and use of water, with the aim of conservation and sustainable use of water resources.
■ Water Usage and Water Use Efficiency (Thousand m3)
 ■ Fundamental Concept
PET bottles comprise the majority of plastic containers and packaging used for consumer products by our group companies. For this reason, we believe that by promoting PET bottle recycling, we can reduce our reliance on fossil fuel and thereby contribute
to environmental conservation. Our plan is to use PET bottles manufactured from recycled and plant-based materials and increase the percentage of such sustainable resource use in our production processes globally to 50 percent by 2030 and 100 percent by 2050. Moreover, to advance PET material recycling, it is essential to recycle PET bottles for use as raw material. Together with our various stakeholders, we will advance our global efforts on proper collection and recycling of used PET bottles.
■ Our Vision for 2050
For our entire line of consumer products, we will endeavor to use packaging that supports a sustainable society:
• No use of plastics made from petroleum-based materials
• Promote use of recycled, plant-based, and biodegradable materials
• Promote use of reusable packaging
■ Our Goal for 2030
• Achieve a 50 percent or higher content of recycled and plant-
based materials in our PET bottles.
• Introduce alternative packaging (e.g., paper) and increase use of cans for our drink products.
• Step up promotion of drink bottle recycling by introducing reusable packaging through a zero-waste sales and circular distribution model, which also includes the use of sports bottles for our powder products.
We will promote the use of alternative packaging and concurrently pursue using more recyclable materials for drink containers.
25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000 0
Outside Japan (left)
18,756 6,482
13.4
2019
(m3/¥ million) 30
20
10
0
   2017
Japan (left)
2018
Scope: All production sites of the consolidated Otsuka group
Scope: All production sites of the consolidated Otsuka group
Water use efficiency (right)
12,274
  ■ Total Waste Volume 7.2%
7,000 tons
5.2% 5,000 tons
Material recycling
Composting, conversion to feed, reuse, etc.
Power generation, heat use, fuel conversion
Landfills
Simple incineration Others
   11.3% 11,000 tons
43.3% 12.4% 42,000 tons
12,000 tons
20.6% 20,000 tons
Total waste volume 97,000 tons
Scope: All production sites of the consolidated Otsuka group
2. Initiatives Targeting the Issue of Plastic Waste
As an initiative aimed at solving the issue of plastic waste, we have formulated the Otsuka Group Plastic Policy to contribute to the sustainable recycling of resources. As a group that provides products that contribute to people’s health, the Otsuka group will continue measures to assure the safety and quality of containers and packaging.
52 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 53
Environmentally Friendly Products of the Otsuka Group
Going beyond making our products themselves low impact, in development, we consider environmental impact throughout the value chain, from raw material procurement to disposal, as well as the needs of the times resulting from changes in society. In this way, we contribute to solutions to global environmental issues and increasingly diverse social issues.
A unique formulation allows POCARI SWEAT ICE SLURRY to be stored at room temperature We developed POCARI SWEAT ICE SLURRY with a focus on core body temperature regulation to
support active people in hot environments. The unique formulation of this drinkable ice product allows it to be stored at room temperature and conveniently frozen before use. Even if it melts, the liquid
can be returned to a slurry state by refreezing. This also enables energy savings when transporting or storing the product.
Bon Curry can be warmed in the microwave while still in the box
Launched in 1968, Bon Curry was the world’s first commercial retort pouch food product and can be
heated in the microwave while still in the box. It saves consumers the time and trouble of boiling water or putting the curry on a plate to warm it. This product is environmentally friendly because it does not require open flame or water for preparation.*
* Does not apply to Okinawa limited Bon Curry products
The world’s first quad-chamber infusion bag
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory develops products under its management vision of being “The Best
Partner in Clinical Nutrition.” It is focusing above all on the development of kit products that are easy
for healthcare workers to use, and which also reduce medical errors and the risk of infection. Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory was behind the development of the first-ever quad-chamber bag, which is used for ELNEOPA, a high-calorie infusion vitamin mixture containing glucose, electrolytes, amino acid, multivitamin, and trace elements. Its groundbreaking design makes it possible to aseptically prepare the mixture with a single push. It also saves resources, enables efficient transportation and reduces disposal waste.
   
 Governance
2. Board of Directors Meetings
The Board of Directors convenes regularly once a month and holds extraordinary meetings as necessary to make important business decisions and supervise the execution of operations.
3. Director Selection Criteria
The Company aims to become “an indispensable contributor to people’s health worldwide” by targeting sustainable growth and enhanced corporate value over the medium to long term. Toward this aim, the Company works to ensure the overall diversity of directors, and appoints people with the insight, expertise, and experience needed to realize and maintain appropriate and effective corporate governance. For internal directors in particular, we comprehensively evaluate the experience, expertise, insight, and other attributes of candidates to ensure that they have the qualities needed
to implement the group’s corporate philosophy, Code of Business Ethics, and management strategies.
4. Corporate Governance Committee
In February 2017, the Company established the Corporate Governance Committee with the aim of increasing transparency and objectivity in management. As an advisory body to the Board of Directors, the committee discusses matters relating to corporate governance, including the nomination of directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, and the remuneration system and standards for directors, and reports the results of its deliberations to the Board of Directors. The committee consists of the president, the director in charge of administration, and all four outside directors. The president serves as the chair of the committee.
Content of Deliberations
(1) Nomination
The Corporate Governance Committee discusses the validity and fairness of matters related to the appointment and dismissal of directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, and reports to the Board of Directors. Regarding
candidates for Audit & Supervisory Board members, the committee obtains approval from the Audit & Supervisory Board prior to reporting to the Board of Directors.
Candidates are those put forward by the representative director(s).
(2) Remuneration
The Corporate Governance Committee discusses matters related to the remuneration system and standards for directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, and reports to the Board of Directors.
(3) Corporate Governance Structure
In addition, the Committee deliberates on matters related to the enhancement of the corporate governance structure, and reports to the Board of Directors as necessary.
5. Audit & Supervisory Board and Its Members
Audit & Supervisory Board members attend and express opinions at meetings of the Board of Directors, and monitor the performance of duties of directors in terms of legal compliance and soundness of management through audits. In striving to improve the effectiveness of audits, Audit & Supervisory Board members also share information and exchange opinions as appropriate with relevant departments, including the Internal Audit Department, Internal Control Department, Administration Department, and Finance and Accounting Department, as well as the accounting auditor.
6. Evaluation of Effectiveness of Board of Directors
From January through February every year, the Company conducts a questionnaire survey of all directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members. Results of the survey are reviewed by a company attorney, and then reviewed and evaluated at the Board of Directors meeting in March.
Questionnaire items are as follows.
(1)Composition of the Board of Directors
(2) Each director’s understanding and knowledge of business
fields and specific management strategies and plans
  Corporate Governance
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (“the Company”) is committed to promoting sustainable increase of its corporate value over the medium to long term by realizing its corporate philosophy, “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide.” To meet this commitment, it adopts a basic policy of making transparent, fair and timely decisions, and fulfilling its corporate social responsibility by living up to the expectations of all stakeholders, including customers, business partners, employees, local communities, and shareholders, through ongoing dialogue.
Board of Directors meeting attendance: 100%
Outside directors: 30.8%
Female directors: 23.1%
 The Company discloses its basic approach to corporate governance in its Corporate Governance Guidelines, available on the corporate website.
Corporate Governance Guidelines
https://www.otsuka.com/en/company/ governance/pdf/guideline.pdf
Corporate Governance Report
https://www.otsuka.com/jp/company/governance/ pdf/report.pdf (available only in Japanese)
 2008
2010
2011
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Overview of Corporate Governance Structure
The Board of Directors, which also includes outside directors, advances the execution of management plans, supervises the Company’s management, and also assumes roles and responsibilities to enhance the profitability and capital investment efficiency in order to promote the sustainable growth of the Company and the increase
of corporate value over the medium to long term. The Company secures its soundness and establishes the
solid corporate governance structure living up to social expectations by ensuring that the Audit & Supervisory Board and its members, which are independent from the Board of Directors, can audit the Directors’ performance of their duties in collaboration with the Accounting Auditor, as well as the Internal Audit Department.
1. Corporate Organization
As a company with an audit and supervisory board
as defined by the Companies Act, the Company has established a Board of Directors and an Audit & Supervisory Board, and also engages an accounting auditor. The Articles of Incorporation stipulate that the number of directors shall not exceed 18, and that the number of Audit & Supervisory Board members shall not exceed five.
Initiatives to Strengthen Corporate Governance
• Establishment of Otsuka Holdings
• Term of directors set at one year
• Decision not to adopt a directors’ retirement benefits system
• Corporate officer system adopted
• Two outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
• Three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
• Stock options as performance-linked remuneration introduced • Stock publicly listed in December
• First Medium-Term Management Plan announced
• Two outside directors; three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
• Second Medium-Term Management Plan announced
• Three outside directors; two outside Audit & Supervisory Board
members
• Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics established
• Corporate Governance Guidelines established
• Internal whistleblowing system (for Otsuka Holdings and major
group companies) established, with reporting to an independent
body outside the Company
• Three outside directors; three outside Audit & Supervisory Board
members
• Effectiveness of Board of Directors evaluated
• System for granting stock options conditional on progress with
the medium-term management plan introduced • Corporate Governance Guidelines revised
• Corporate Governance Committee established
• Started to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
based on questionnaires completed by all directors and Audit &
Supervisory Board members
• Started to hold reporting meetings for outside directors and
outside Audit & Supervisory Board members to improve their
understanding of the group’s management and business
• Two female directors
• Corporate Governance Guidelines revised
• Third Medium-Term Management Plan announced
• Restricted stock-based compensation plan introduced
• Otsuka Group Global Conflict of Interest Policy established • Four outside directors; three female directors
Governance Structure (As of March 27, 2020)
Company with an Audit &
Supervisory Board
13 [4 (independent directors)] 1 year
4 [3 (independent auditors)] Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC
Elects/Dismisses
Elects/Dismisses
Elects/Dismisses
(Cooperates with)
 Shareholders’ Meeting
  Consults Recommends
Approval of material matters/ Management guidance
Operational audits Accounting audits
(Cooperates with) Accounting audits
(Cooperates with)
   Corporate Governance Committee
Board of Directors
(13 directors; 4 of whom are outside directors)
 Appoints/Dismisses
Instructs Reports
Audit & Supervisory Board
(4 Audit & Supervisory Board members; 3 of whom are outside members)
 President and Representative Director, CEO
  Accounting Auditor
   Internal Audit Department
 Form of organization
 Directors [Outside directors]
 Term of directors
 Audit & Supervisory Board members [Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members]
 Accounting auditor
        Meetings of the Group’s boards of corporate auditors
Prior consultation/ Ex post facto reports
   Subsidiaries (Shareholders’ Meeting, Board of Directors, Audit and Supervisory Board Members, etc.)
 54 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 55

(3)Cooperation with outside directors (4)Cooperation with the Audit & Supervisory Board (5)Operation of Board of Directors meetings (6)Governance-related matters
i. Function of the Board of Directors in determining the direction of management strategy
ii. Monitoring of each business with respect to the execution of management strategy
iii.Understanding of the perspectives of major investors and stakeholders
iv. Risk management
v. Cooperation and information sharing with each
operating company
(7) Support system for outside directors
(8) Overall functioning of the Board of Directors from
the perspective of effectiveness
companies. Furthermore, given that all outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members satisfy requirements of independent directors/auditors prescribed by the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE), the Company has registered them as such with the TSE.
8. Internal Audit Department
The Company’s Internal Audit Department reports directly to the president. The department regularly conducts audits based on the Internal Audit Rules to verify that operations are being executed appropriately and efficiently with regard to the assets and business of the Company and
its affiliated companies. The department submits audit reports to the president, directors, and Audit & Supervisory Board members. Where there is need for improvement, the department recommends remedial actions and later confirms their implementation, thereby contributing to the optimization of business execution. The department also shares information and cooperates in audits by Audit & Supervisory Board members and the accounting auditor.
9. Internal Control Department
The Company’s Internal Control Department handles internal controls regarding financial reporting by the Company and its affiliated companies. The department formulates rules and manuals pertaining to internal controls, provides training, and ensures that employees thoroughly understand operational rules. The department also works
in cooperation with the Internal Audit Department to continuously monitor the status of operations. This is the basis of an internal control system under which management personnel can be reliably evaluated.
Our basic approach to the internal control system and its current status are described in the Corporate Governance Report that we submit to the TSE (available only in Japanese).
10. Accounting Audit
The Company has signed an auditing agreement with Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC as the accounting auditor to audit its accounts from a fair and impartial standpoint. The certified public accountants that audited the Company’s accounts were Yukitaka Maruchi, Koichi Niki, and Hirofumi Otani. They were assisted by eight other certified public accountants and six other individuals. All of the certified public accountants that audited the Company’s accounts have done so for less than seven consecutive years, therefore that description is omitted.
11. Succession Plan
The Company continues to develop and implement executive human resource development programs to identify talented personnel early and systematically nurture next-generation management candidates equipped with the qualities and skills called on by the corporate philosophy. The status of these programs is regularly reported to the Board of Directors.
Skill Matrix for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
In order to establish an effective corporate governance structure that supports sustainable growth, the Company appoints individuals with wide-ranging business experience, advanced expertise in broad fields, and extensive knowledge, as directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members. The table below summarizes areas of experience and expertise of directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members.
 Global business
Technology, R&D, production
Strategic planning, marketing, sales
Finance, accounting
Legal, compliance, risk management
Company analysis
Healthcare administration, public health
Major qualifications, etc.
Ichiro Otsuka
 ●
●
●
Tatsuo Higuchi
●
●
●
●
 Yoshiro Matsuo
●
 Yuko Makino
 ●
Shuichi Takagi
 ●
●
●
Sadanobu Tobe
●
 Masayuki Kobayashi
 ●
●
●
Noriko Tojo
 ●
●
●
Makoto Inoue
●
●
●
 Yukio Matsutani
●
MD
 Ko Sekiguchi
●
●
 Yoshihisa Aoki
●
 Mayo Mita
 ●
Yozo Toba
●
●
 Hiroshi Sugawara
 ●
CPA
Yoko Wachi
 ●
Attorney
Kazuo Takahashi
 ●
●
   Summary of Evaluation in Fiscal 2019
The results of the analysis and evaluation of the overall effectiveness of the Board of Directors in fiscal 2019 are summarized below.
There was an increase in opinions stating improvement from the previous year regarding the 12 items in the questionnaire. The opinions noted particular improvement in (3) Cooperation with outside directors, (4) Cooperation with the Audit & Supervisory Board, (6) i. Function of the Board of Directors in determining the direction of management strategy and (6) ii. Monitoring of each business with respect to the execution of management strategy.
With regard to (5) Operation of Board of Directors meetings, there was agreement that deliberations have improved. However, issues were identified, such as criteria for whether items should be deliberated by subsidiaries or be deliberated and subject to resolution of the Board of Directors, appropriate allocation of deliberation time, and early provision of reference materials. This confirms the need to further review matters relating to this item.
On the basis of this evaluation, we believe that the Company’s Board of Directors is functioning appropriately from the perspective of effectiveness. Nonetheless, we will strive to make further improvements on issues that have been identified through evaluation and review. In addition, we will work to strengthen corporate governance by discussing best practices in our role as a holding company, and in cooperating with and monitoring subsidiaries.
 Yukio Matsutani
Ko Sekiguchi
Rationale for selection1
Mr. Matsutani has provided appropriate suggestions and advice to the Company’s management from an independent standpoint as an outside director, and from an objective and expert viewpoint based on his abundant experience and extensive knowledge in the healthcare and welfare fields and high level of expertise in overall healthcare.
Attendance rate
Board of Directors meeting
100% (16/16 times)
Audit & Supervisory Board meeting
—
  Yoshihisa Aoki
Mr. Sekiguchi has provided appropriate suggestions and advice to the Company’s management from an independent standpoint as an outside director, and from an objective and expert viewpoint based on his abundant experience and extensive knowledge as a corporate manager and high level of expertise in Pharmaceutical Business.
Mr. Aoki has provided appropriate suggestions and advice to the Company’s management from an independent standpoint as an outside director, and from an objective and expert viewpoint based on his abundant experience, track record, and extensive knowledge as a corporate manager and abundant experience, expertise and network in the food industry.
100% (16/16 times)
100% (13/13 times)
—
  —
  Mayo Mita
Ms. Mita, as a securities analyst, has abundant experience in corporate analysis and based on that, a high level of insight in objectively observing and analyzing companies. She is expected to provide appropriate suggestions and advice to the Company’s management from an independent standpoint as an outside director, and from an objective and expert viewpoint.
—2
—
  Hiroshi Sugawara
Mr. Sugawara has specialized knowledge as a certified public accountant, as well as abundant business experience, and the Company has determined that he will be able to use such experience and expertise in audits of the Company.
100% (16/16 times)
100% (17/17 times)
  Yoko Wachi
Kazuo Takahashi
As an attorney, Ms. Wachi is well-versed in corporate legal affairs, and the Company has determined that she will be able to use such experience and expertise in audits of the Company.
Mr. Takahashi has held major positions in IT and internal control departments for many years and has abundant experience in corporate management, and the Company has determined that he will be able to use such experience and expertise in audits of the Company.
100% (16/16 times)
100% (16/16 times)
100% (17/17 times)
  100% (17/17 times)
    7. Independence Criteria for Independent Officers
When selecting outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members, the Company looks for individuals with a wealth of knowledge and extensive experience in various fields. The Company requires
that candidates have the ability to adequately exercise management oversight functions through fair and objective monitoring, supervision, and auditing of management
from a neutral and objective viewpoint. The Independence Standards for Outside Directors are defined in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and form the basis for judgements on the independence of outside directors. In addition, we require that they have not previously been engaged in the execution of operations at any of our group
Rationale for Selection of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Outside directors
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
1. For all outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members, given no risk of conflict of interest with general shareholders, the Company believes each outside officer qualifies as an independent director/auditor.
2. Attendance for Board of Directors meetings and Audit & Supervisory Board meetings by Mayo Mita is not listed because she was newly appointed as an outside director at the 12th General Meeting of Shareholders held on March 27, 2020.
56 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 57
Audit & Supervisory Board members
Directors

Remuneration for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Content of Remuneration to Directors
 Fixed remuneration
 • Fixed remuneration for directors of the holding company is determined based on their duties and responsibilities including formulation of group strategies, monitoring group operations, and strengthening corporate governance.
• Remuneration for Directors who serve concurrently as Directors of subsidiaries that are operating companies is determined based on their duties and responsibilities including execution of business based on group strategies formulated by Otsuka Holdings, formulation of strategies for the operating company, and strengthening corporate governance. (Remuneration shall not to exceed the upper limit of remuneration resolved at the shareholders meeting.)
 Performance- linked bonus
 • Remuneration is determined based on (1) rate of achievement of the fiscal year’s targets for consolidated revenue, consolidated operating profit, and consolidated business profit before R&D expenses; (2) progress with respect to medium-to-long-term consolidated performance targets; and (3) appropriate business management in compliance with corporate governance, along with the individual’s personal performance.
• The Corporate Governance Committee deliberates upon the above items and reports the results of its deliberations to the directors. Decisions are then made by the Board of Directors.
 Share-based payment
At a meeting of the Board of Directors held on February 13, 2019, the Company resolved to introduce a restricted stock remuneration plan as an incentive plan to sustainably improve the medium-to-long-term performance and corporate value of the Company.
• The plan is designed to provide an effective remuneration system by combining multiple release conditions for the transfer restrictions, including a set performance evaluation period and performance achievement, and by in principle granting shares with transfer restrictions requiring evaluation of performance over several fiscal years simultaneously in the first fiscal year.
• The shares with transfer restrictions issued under this plan are intended to comprise a remuneration system that reflects progress in achieving the medium-term management plan. To this end, the remuneration plan combines multiple performance achievement requirements based on performance indicators in the Third Medium-Term Management Plan announced on May 30, 2019.
 The Company’s remuneration plan for directors and Audit
& Supervisory Board members is designed to achieve sustainable growth and enhanced corporate value over the medium to long term for the group while also ensuring
that functions such as business execution and management supervision are exercised appropriately, maintaining transparency and fairness. The Company’s basic approach to remuneration for directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members is as follows.
1. Remuneration Levels
Considering the need to acquire and motivate outstanding personnel who will take responsibility for the Company’s global business activities, the Company sets remuneration levels fully commensurate with the roles and responsibilities expected of such personnel.
2. Remuneration System
With regard to remuneration for directors responsible
for business execution, the Company has formulated a remuneration system that is closely linked to performance in individual fiscal years, as well as over the medium to long term, while emphasizing sustainable enhancement
of corporate value. In addition to cash remuneration, the Company also provides share-based payments more closely linked to shareholder value. Outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members are paid fixed remuneration; they are not paid any remuneration that varies according to performance.
3. Governance of Remuneration-related Decisions (Activities of the Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors)
Decisions related to remuneration for directors and Audit
& Supervisory Board members are made by the Board of Directors based on a report from the Corporate Governance Committee, an advisory body to the Board of Directors.
The committee deliberates on matters including the remuneration system and levels of remuneration. When deciding on remuneration, efforts are made to enhance objectivity through such means as utilizing external data.
In determining remuneration for directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members in the current term, the Board of Directors and the Corporate Governance Committee deliberate a number of times. The Board of Directors makes final decisions after receiving the Corporate Governance Committee’s report that those decisions are appropriate.
In addition, following extensive study by the Board of Directors and the Corporate Governance Committee, the decision was made to design and implement a restricted stock-based compensation system starting fiscal 2019.
4. Composition of Remuneration
a) Remuneration for directors of Otsuka Holdings (holding company of the Otsuka group)
Remuneration for directors (excluding outside directors)
of the Company consists of fixed remuneration according to title or position, bonuses linked to results of operations (short-term incentive), as well as stock-based compensation (medium-to-long-term incentive). Remuneration for outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members consists only of fixed remuneration.
b) Composition of remuneration for directors (excluding outside directors)
Performance-linked remuneration as a percentage of total remuneration varies according to the Company’s single-year and medium-to-long-term consolidated results of operations. The system emphasizes medium-to-long- term enhancement of corporate value. Performance- linked bonuses are designed to be variable over the
range of 0–100% of fixed remuneration, and stock-
based compensation over the range of 0–100% of fixed remuneration. Maximum performance-linked remuneration as a percentage of total remuneration is 66% (200% of 300% total).
c) Remuneration for directors of subsidiaries (operating companies of the Otsuka group)
Remuneration for directors of subsidiaries that are operating companies is determined based on their duties and responsibilities (including execution of business of operating companies based on group strategies formulated by the Company, formulation of strategies for operating companies, and strengthening corporate governance) and is not to exceed the cap on director remuneration resolved at the General Meeting of Shareholders.
It should be noted that the restricted stock-based compensation system newly implemented in fiscal 2019 will also apply to about 40 directors (excluding outside directors) of some of the group’s major subsidiaries.
Total Remuneration by Officer Category and by Type, and Number of Applicable Officers
 Total remuneration, etc. (¥ million)
104 144 9 1 54 54 — — 7
544 296
Total remuneration, etc. by type (¥ million)
 24
    24
  —
    —
   58 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 59
Directors
(excluding outside directors)
Eligible officers
   Fixed remuneration
Stock compensation
Bonus
 Audit & Supervisory Board members
(excluding outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
 Outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members
  Regarding Directors’ Conflict of Interest
All operational judgements and decisions are not to be made in relation to the interests of individuals, but in the best interests of the Otsuka group. The Otsuka group has established the Otsuka Group Global Conflict of Interest Policy to prevent such conflicts of interest. It also applies to directors. Page 64, Compliance

Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
(As of March 27, 2020)
Directors
Outside Directors
                    Ichiro Otsuka Chairman and
Representative Director
Profile
Apr. 1987 Jun. 1997
Jun. 1998
Dec. 2001
May 2002 Dec. 2003
Dec. 2004
Jul. 2008 Jun. 2010
Jun. 2014 Mar. 2015
Profile
Apr. 1982 Apr. 1996 Apr. 2000 Mar. 2015
Sep. 2016
Apr. 2017
Mar. 2018 Mar. 2019
Joined Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc.
Executive Director, Director of Consumer Products Development Division, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Managing Director, responsible for Consumer Products, Publicity, Promotion and Development Division, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Research and Development, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc.
Representative Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc.
Executive Deputy President and Representative Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc.
President and Representative Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc.
Executive Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Executive Deputy President and Executive Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Representative Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc. Vice Chairman and Representative Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (current) Chairman, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc. (current) Chairman and Representative Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (current)
Joined Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Joined Baxter Limited
Joined Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Director of the Corporate Finance & Accounting Department, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Vice President, Director of the Corporate Finance & Accounting Department, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Vice President, Director of Accounting Department, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Vice President, Director of the Tax Department, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Vice President, Director of the Finance & Accounting Department, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Corporate Finance, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. Executive Director, CFO, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (current)
Profile
Mar. 1977 Jun. 1998
Nov. 1998
Jun. 1999
Jun. 2000
Jun. 2008 Jul. 2008
Dec. 2011 Feb. 2015
Mar. 2020
Joined Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Senior Managing Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Pharmavite)
Executive Deputy President and Executive Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, responsible for U.S. Business, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
President and Representative Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
President and Representative Director, CEO, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (current)
Executive Director, Otsuka Chemical Co., Ltd.
President and Representative Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Chairman and Representative Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (current)
Profile
Apr. 1985 Jan. 2003
Jun. 2006 Nov. 2007
Jul. 2008 Mar. 2016
Jan. 2017 Mar. 2019
Joined Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Vice President, Associate General Manager of the General Affairs Department, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Vice President, General Manager of the General Affairs Department, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Senior Vice President, General Manager of the General Affairs Department with additional responsibility for Legal Affairs and External Relations, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Managing Director, Corporate Administration, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Senior Managing Director, Corporate Administration, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Otsuka Medical Devices Co., Ltd. (current) Senior Managing Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (current)
Profile
Apr. 1975 Oct. 1981
Aug. 2005
Aug. 2007 Apr. 2012 Dec. 2015
Mar. 2016 Jun. 2019
Intern, Pediatric Department, St. Luke’s International Hospital
Joined Ministry of Health and Welfare (now Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare)
Director-General, Health Policy Bureau, Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
Director, National Sanatorium Tama Zenshoen President, National Institute of Public Health
Vice President, International University of Health and Welfare (current)
Outside Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (current) President, Japan Public Health Association (current)
Profile
Apr. 1973 May 1990 Jan. 1996
Nov. 1998
Jul. 2009 Oct. 2009 Jan. 2011 Apr. 2012
Mar. 2014 Mar. 2018
Joined Mitsubishi Corporation
Joined The Boston Consulting Group
General Manager of Sterrad Business Division, Johnson & Johnson Medical K. K. (now Johnson & Johnson K. K. Medical Company)
President and Representative Director, Janssen Kyowa Co., Ltd. (now Janssen Pharmaceutical K.K.)
Chairman and Director, Janssen Kyowa Co., Ltd.
Supreme Advisor, Janssen Kyowa Co., Ltd.
Representative Director, DIA Japan (now SH DIA Japan)
Outside Director, N.I.C. Corporation (now Solasto Corporation) (current)
Outside Director, Kenedix, Inc.
Outside Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (current)
Profile
Apr. 1974 Jun. 2003 Apr. 2009
Apr. 2010
Mar. 2017 Jun. 2017 Mar. 2019
Joined Itochu Corporation
Executive Officer, Itochu Corporation
Managing Executive Officer, President, Food Company, Itochu Corporation
Member of the Board, Senior Managing Executive Officer, President, Food Company, Itochu Corporation
Administrative Officer, Itochu Corporation (current) Outside Director, Arata Corporation (current) Outside Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (current)
Tatsuo Higuchi President and
Representative Director, CEO
Yoshiro Matsuo Senior Managing Director
Yukio
Matsutani
Outside Director
Ko
Sekiguchi
Outside Director
Yoshihisa
Aoki
Outside Director
                 Yuko Makino Executive Director, CFO
Shuichi Takagi Executive Director,
Business Portfolio Management
Outside Directors
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
         Profile
Apr. 1989 Sep. 1995 Aug. 2002
Jul. 2003 Mar. 2015 May 2015 Jan. 2019 Mar. 2019
Joined Tobishima Corporation
Joined Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Finance Department of OIAA Division, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Corporate Finance & Accounting Department, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Vice President responsible for India Business, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc.
CEO, Claris Otsuka Private Limited (now Otsuka Pharmaceutical India Private Limited)
Senior Vice President, President’s Office, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Finance and Business Portfolio Management, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (current)
Executive Director, Business Portfolio Management, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (current)
Profile
Apr. 1976
Jul. 1993
Nov. 2004
May 2006
Jul. 2008 Jun. 2009
Jun. 2011 Jun. 2012 Jun. 2013
Nov. 2013 Jun. 2014 Mar. 2018 Mar. 2019
Profile
Apr. 1983 Jun. 2008
Jun. 2009
Mar. 2015
Apr. 2015 Mar. 2017
Sep. 2017 Mar. 2018
Oct. 2018 Mar. 2019
Mar. 2020
Senior Managing Director and Representative Director, Shinko Foods Co., Ltd. (now Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd.)
Executive Deputy President and Representative Director, Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd.
Executive Deputy President and Representative Director, Otsuka Chemical Holdings Co., Ltd. (now Otsuka Chemical Co., Ltd.)
President and Representative Director, Otsuka Chemical Holdings Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Vice Chairman and Representative Director, Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd.
Chairman and Representative Director, Otsuka Chemical Co., Ltd. Vice Chairman, Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd.
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
President and Representative Director, Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd. Executive Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (current) Chairman, Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd. (current)
Joined Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Vice President, General Manager of Diagnostic Division, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Senior Vice President, Deputy General Manager of Pharmaceutical Business Division, Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Executive Vice President, General Manager of Nutraceuticals Business Division, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Pharmavite LLC
Managing Director, Nutraceuticals Business, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Daiya Foods Inc.
Senior Managing Director, Nutraceuticals Business, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Chairman, Nardobel SAS
Executive Deputy President and Executive Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
President and Representative Director, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (current)
Executive Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (current)
Profile
Apr. 1983 Jan. 1989
Dec. 2000 Dec. 2013
Mar. 2020
Joined Morgan Stanley Japan Securities Co., Ltd. (now Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co., Ltd.)
Equity Research Division (Healthcare), Morgan Stanley Japan Securities Co., Ltd.
Managing Director, Morgan Stanley Japan Securities Co., Ltd.
Senior Advisor, Investment Banking Business Unit (Healthcare), Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co., Ltd.
Outside Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (current)
Profile
Apr. 1979
Jan. 1995 Jan. 2006 May 2009
Jun. 2009 Dec. 2011 Mar. 2015 Mar. 2018 Mar. 2019
Profile
Apr. 1989
Jun. 2015 Mar. 2016
Jun. 2019
Joined Otsuka Chemical Holdings Co., Ltd. (now Otsuka Chemical Co., Ltd.)
Director, Information Center, Otsuka Chemical Holdings Co., Ltd. CFO, Trocellen GmbH
Operating Officer, Information System Department, Otsuka Chemical Holdings Co., Ltd. (now Otsuka Chemical Co., Ltd.)
Corporate Officer, Director of IT, Corporate Finance & Accounting Department, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Corporate Administration, Accounting and IT, Otsuka Chemical Co., Ltd.
Executive Vice President, Corporate Finance & Accounting and Corporate Service Department, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (current)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Otsuka Chemical Co., Ltd. (current)
Registered as an attorney at law (Dai-Ichi Tokyo Bar Association) Joined Kajitani Law Offices (current)
Corporate Auditor, Nichias Corporation
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (current)
Outside Director, Nichias Corporation (current)
Profile
Oct. 1997 Oct. 2000
Feb. 2006 Jun. 2010
Jun. 2012
Oct. 2013 Mar. 2016
Joined Chuo Audit Corporation
Joined Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (now Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC)
Vice President, Will Capital Management Co., Ltd. (current)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (current)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Outside Director, Nippon Parking Development Co., Ltd.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (current)
Sadanobu
Tobe
Executive Director
Mayo
Mita
Outside Director
Yozo
Toba Standing Audit &
Supervisory Board Member
Hiroshi Sugawara Outside Audit &
Supervisory Board Member
                     Masayuki
Kobayashi
Executive Director
Profile
Oct. 1993 Aug. 2002 Sep. 2003 Apr. 2010 Apr. 2012
Apr. 2014 Mar. 2017
Joined Taiho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
President, Taiho Pharma USA, Inc. (now Taiho Oncology, Inc.)
Executive Director, Taiho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
President and CEO, Otsuka America, Inc.
President and Representative Director, Taiho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (current)
Executive Director, Taiho Pharma USA, Inc.
Chairman, Taiho Oncology, Inc. (current)
Executive Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (current)
Profile
Apr. 1987 Aug. 1991 Jul. 2002 Jun. 2006 Aug. 2008
Feb. 2011 Apr. 2012 Aug. 2015 Jan. 2017
May 2017 Aug. 2017 Mar. 2018
Joined Goldman Sachs (Japan) Corporation
Joined Shearson Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
Engagement Manager, McKinsey & Company, Japan Office
Director, Intel Capital Japan, Intel Corporation
Managing Director, Corporate Development, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Otsuka Medical Devices Co., Ltd.
President and CEO, Otsuka America, Inc.
Executive Director and CEO, Pharmavite LLC
President and Representative Director, Otsuka Medical Devices Co., Ltd. (current)
Executive Director, Otsuka America, Inc.
Chairman, Pharmavite LLC
Executive Director, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (current)
Profile
Apr. 1975 Mar. 1986 Nov. 1992
Oct. 2004 May 2006
May 2008 May 2010 Mar. 2018
Joined Ebara-Udylite Co., Ltd. (now JCU Corporation)
Executive Director, Strategic Planning, RA Institute Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, General Manager of the System Division, Sunkus & Associates, Inc.
Executive Director, Head of the Information System Division, Circle K Sunkus Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Chief of the Management Strategy Office, the Customer & Franchisee Relations Office, and the Internal Control & Environmental Management Office, Circle K Sunkus Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Head of Area Franchise, Circle K Sunkus Co., Ltd.
Executive Director, Head of Information Systems Division, Circle K Sunkus Co., Ltd.
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (current)
Noriko
Tojo
Executive Director
Makoto
Inoue
Executive Director
Yoko Wachi Outside Audit &
Supervisory Board Member
Kazuo Takahashi Outside Audit &
Supervisory Board Member
     60 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 61

Messages from Outside Directors
  Enhancement and Expansion of Businesses Critical to Life through Stronger Governance
Each year, members of the Board of Directors are asked to evaluate the Board’s effectiveness and give a detailed account of the roles of the Board and each of its members. It is a robust assessment. As a medical doctor, I am expected to contribute opinions based on my broad expertise from many years of involvement in clinical medicine, public health, and healthcare administration, and I have strived to live up to those expectations.
Healthcare is an essential aspect of social infrastructure and everybody needs healthcare. Given that healthcare is critical to life, the level of quality must be paramount, while other requirements and demands are also significant. Healthcare costs rise year after year. It is therefore essential to make the most effective use
of finite resources. In Otsuka’s Pharmaceutical Business, this entails the efficient creation of drugs, medical devices, and diagnostic agents that in turn supports their efficient provision to patients. In the Nutraceutical Business, it means creating products that help people to maintain or improve their well-being. Going forward, Otsuka Holdings must continue to offer value to society in both of these areas.
Yukio Matsutani Outside Director
Meeting the Expectations of Stakeholders Worldwide Based on Sincerity
The provision of information prior to Board meetings has been enhanced, including its timing. Important information is shared at individual briefings, and explanations are provided regarding the status of group companies and other operational data.
I feel that one of the strengths of Otsuka’s corporate culture is its embodiment of integrity and humility. This goes a long way to earning the trust of customers and business partners. Otsuka is committed to providing consumers and patients with the solid value that generates revenues and profits.
Results in the Pharmaceutical Business have been excellent, but from a medium- to-long-term perspective, a look at the drug pipeline indicates there is no room
for complacency. It is also vital that Otsuka becomes a truly global company, and evolves to the next stage rather than simply operating as a collection of companies. Only by adopting this approach can Otsuka develop a clear roadmap for the future.
Ko Sekiguchi Outside Director
High Expectations for Otsuka’s Contributions
to a 100-Year Lifespan through Preventive Medicine
The chairman has ensured that Board meetings are a forum where members can discuss matters freely, which fosters meaningful discussions. Furthermore, I believe that the appointment of a new president at Otsuka Pharmaceutical has strengthened the governance framework.
In China, it has been a long-held belief that herbal medicines and a proper
diet share similar principles, and today it is widely accepted everywhere that a balanced diet is the basis of good health. The Otsuka group’s strong footing in food and nutrition may be attributable to its belief in this philosophy. Otsuka is doing good work with respect to safety and security, and consumers appreciate that. We are approaching an age when it will be common for people to live to 100, and preventive medicine will play a vital role in that. Not many companies are able to offer solutions in both treatment and prevention solutions. Indeed, many businesses give up if they are unable to make a quick profit, but the Otsuka group is ready for the long haul; even if a product does not sell well initially, Otsuka
has the patience and determination to go the distance. I hope that Otsuka will continue in this vein, because it will benefit society.
Yoshihisa Aoki Outside Director
Sharing Otsuka’s Unique Corporate Story Will Build Broad Stakeholder Loyalty
My first impression of the Otsuka group was its uniqueness. Operating for many years in pharmaceuticals and healthcare, as well as food and nutrition, I expect it to sustain its operations long into the future. Indeed, with its centenary approaching in 2021, I look forward to seeing how Otsuka advances into its second century.
I see my role as a bridge between company management, and analysts, shareholders, and investors. As an outside director, I hope to support Otsuka’s development by pointing out opportunities to management and diligently raising concerns as necessary.
When an enterprise comprises such a broad range of businesses as Otsuka, I believe it is important to identify the common threads that unite them all. The key is how to effectively convey that story not only to shareholders and the investment market, but also to customers, consumers, and employees. If Otsuka is able to convey the story of its passion, it is sure to acquire many more long-term fans.
Mayo Mita Outside Director
  62 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 63

 Compliance
Legal compliance is the cornerstone of all our business activities. The Otsuka group maintains high ethical standards and conducts its business activities with integrity in order to secure the trust of all stakeholders and achieve sustainable growth.
Approach
We have established the Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics and we openly convey information about our stance on related initiatives on our website in the
form of a message from the president of Otsuka Holdings. Furthermore, we have formulated the Otsuka Group Global Anti-Corruption Policy, which expresses our stance against corruption at all sites worldwide; the Otsuka Group Global Conflict of Interest Policy, aimed at maintaining objectivity in business; and the Otsuka Group Global Privacy Policy, which defines our stance and guiding principles on privacy protection. These policies form the basis for conducting our business with high ethical standards.
Guiding Principles: Synopsis
1. Otsuka Group Global Anti-Corruption Policy
The Otsuka Group Global Anti-Corruption Policy embodies and reiterates our steadfast commitment to conducting business with integrity and in compliance with all relevant anti-corruption laws. This Policy outlines how to prevent, detect and deter violations of anti-corruption laws. It
sets forth our global minimum standards regarding the prevention of corruption and applies to all our worldwide business operations.
Universal compliance training participation rate: 98.4%
2. Otsuka Group Global Conflict of Interest Policy
The Otsuka group recognizes conflicts of interest between the group and individual employees as a matter that could impact the integrity of the organization, and one that has a great bearing on the group’s future. Based on this thinking, we formulated the Otsuka Group Global Conflict of Interest Policy to prevent such conflicts and we are working to instill the policy at a global level.
3. Otsuka Group Global Privacy Policy
In recent years, many countries have enacted privacy protection legislation, such as the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) implemented in May 2018. The Otsuka group is working to strengthen privacy protection. In addition to formulating the Otsuka Group Global Privacy Policy to define our stance and guiding principles on privacy protection, we establish related rules and review management systems in accordance with the laws and regulations related to privacy protection in each country.
4. Training System
The Otsuka group conducts universal compliance training at least once annually based on the content of the Global Code of Business Ethics, the Global Anti-Corruption Policy, and the Global Conflict of Interest Policy. Employees at subsidiaries attend training, and materials are available in Japanese, English, Chinese, and Indonesian. Furthermore, the implementation status of training is regularly reported to the Board of Directors of Otsuka Holdings.
5. Monitoring
As a holding company whose role is to maximize the Otsuka group’s corporate value, Otsuka Holdings has established a system to ensure appropriate business operations from the perspective of the group as a whole. We have established
a system for facilitating cooperation in the Otsuka group. Under this system, affiliated companies report to Otsuka Holdings as necessary regarding items specified in the Affiliated Company Management Regulations, and obtain approval on relevant important items.
Examples of overseas initiatives include the appointment of compliance officers at each group company in Asia
and the holding of regular meetings for sharing the status of progress in each country. The director in charge of compliance also visits companies to gather information and offer suggestions on how improvements may be made.
In addition, an Internal Audit Department under the direct authority of the president has been established. It conducts regular audits based on the Internal Audit Rules to verify that operations are being executed appropriately and efficiently with regard to the assets and business in general of Otsuka Holdings and its affiliated companies. The department submits its audit reports to the president, directors, and Audit & Supervisory Board members. In cases where it finds the need for improvements, the department issues improvement advisories. It then follows up to check the implementation status of measures and ascertain that the execution of duties has been suitably improved. In addition, the department shares information with Audit & Supervisory Board members and the accounting auditor and coordinates a unified stance.
6. Whistleblowing Hotline
a) Internal Whistleblowing Hotline
At Otsuka Holdings and domestic and overseas group companies, we have established an internal whistleblowing hotline within the group and at the offices of an attorney that can be accessed safely and anonymously. Through
this hotline, we work to ensure that any improper acts, including acts of bribery, as well as violations of policies, laws and regulations, can be quickly uncovered and corrected. Rules for accepting reports extend beyond full- time employees to include contract, dispatched, and part- time employees. Information about whistleblowers and their reports is strictly managed in order to prevent any negative repercussions. Information on the operational status of the internal whistleblowing hotline at major group companies is regularly reported at meetings of the Board of Directors of Otsuka Holdings.
b) External Inquiries and External Whistleblowing Hotline
Otsuka Holdings and its major group companies have established a whistleblowing hotline that accepts inquiries and opinions from external stakeholders and general customers. Furthermore, certain channels of the hotline also accept anonymous consultations and reports.
7. Due Diligence
Each group company has established a due diligence policy and conducts due diligence for new business partners as needed to evaluate corruption-related risk.
 Adhering to Anti-Corruption Laws and Policies
 We respect and uphold the letter and the spirit of all applicable anti-corruption laws, domestic and foreign.
 Prohibiting Bribery
We never give or accept, directly or indirectly, “anything of value” (e.g., bribes, kickbacks, gifts or entertainment) to improperly influence any person to obtain or retain a financial, business or other advantage.
 Working with Third-Party Suppliers
 We require third-party suppliers to ensure compliance with this policy as well as relevant anti-corruption laws and regulations.
 Conducting Due Diligence
 We perform due diligence to obtain an informed assessment of the nature and extent of potential corruption risks associated with the retention of all third-party suppliers working on Otsuka’s behalf.
 Refusing to Make Facilitating Payments
  We will not make facilitating payments of any kind.
 Providing Training
We provide annual training regarding this Policy and anti-corruption laws, incorporating them into Otsuka’s global compliance program.
 Recording
 We keep complete books and records in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly documenting and reflecting all transactions including expenses, disbursements, receipts and the disposition of assets.
 Monitoring
  We maintain internal controls focused on detecting and deterring improper business practices.
 Reporting Concerns
We promptly report instances or activities that may violate or appear to violate this policy to our internal Legal/Compliance Department. We will not tolerate any form of retaliation against anyone for making a good faith report of a potential violation.
  64 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 65

 (Excerpt from the Otsuka Group Global Anti-Corruption Policy)
Working with Third-Party Suppliers
Conducting our business according to rigorous legal, ethical and professional standards, we require the same standards from all third- party suppliers who perform services on Otsuka’s behalf. Otsuka can be held liable for the actions of the third parties who act as intermediaries for and on behalf of Otsuka in the conduct of business dealings. Prohibitions that apply to our employees apply equally to all individuals and entities acting on our behalf. Accordingly, our commitment to anti- corruption activities includes use of special care in our business dealings through third-party suppliers or intermediaries.
At the outset of our relationship with third-party suppliers, we should clearly articulate and effectively communicate our policy against corruption as well as our commitment to transparent and responsible business conduct. We expect third-party suppliers to share and uphold this dedication.
We will reevaluate our business relationship with third-party suppliers who fail to ensure compliance with the relevant laws and regulations and this policy. Upon any indication of misconduct, we all have a duty to report the misconduct to our internal Legal/Compliance Department.
Anti-Corruption Due Diligence
Due diligence includes investigations into the third-party supplier’s background, reputation, financial records, codes of conduct and training, and business conduct as well as written agreements and monitoring controls. The following circumstances typically necessitate anti-corruption due diligence: (a) Engaging the services of a third- party supplier; (b) Entering into a joint venture with another entity; and (c) Merging with or acquiring another entity. We perform due diligence before and after proceeding with the proposed business transaction, continuously evaluating the third-party suppliers’ adherence to relevant anti-corruption laws.
We conduct risk-tailored and risk-based due diligence. The due diligence process must be a fact-based inquiry closely tailored to the specific business operations of the third-party suppliers. We define the proper level of due diligence for each third-party supplier, depending on key risk factors (e.g., the industry, geographic location, reputation, beneficial ownership, professional capability, experience, financial standing and credibility of the third-party supplier and the history of that third-
party supplier’s compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, the scope of the services performed).
Not intended to be a one-time event, due diligence should be considered an ongoing process. We must periodically re-examine our relationship with third-party suppliers. The frequency of the re-examination may depend on the level or risk presented by the party as well as the context in which they are engaged.
  Tax Compliance
The Otsuka group complies with the Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics, the group’s tax policy, country-specific laws, regulations and tax treaties, as well as international taxation rules, and does not engage in transactions designed to evade the payment of taxes, but carries out the appropriate filing and payment of taxes in each country. We endeavor to appropriately disclose information and ensure a degree of transparency and trust when dealing with tax authorities in each country. The complexity of tax oversight increases as our businesses become more global. By continuously updating information and engaging in prior consultations with tax experts where necessary, we are appropriately responding in order to minimize tax risk.
1. Correspondence with Tax Authorities
The Otsuka group engages in constructive relationships with tax authorities in the 31 countries/regions in which it operates. We will continue to improve the reliability of tax data and establish systems to provide it promptly.
2. Transfer Pricing Policy
The Otsuka group calculates transfer prices based on the OECD guidelines that were created for the prevention of double taxation and fair application of the transfer price tax system, as well as each country’s transfer price tax system, and makes efforts to ensure proper transactions between related parties. In recent years, the OECD has issued an action plan on base erosion and profit shifting (BEPS), in which multinational corporations engage in international transactions that lead to double non-taxation. We will properly execute our obligations to make submissions to
relevant authorities. Also, when necessary, we make use of advance pricing agreements (APAs) to obtain ahead-of-time consensus from tax authorities.
3. Governance
We work to maintain and improve tax-related governance, recognizing that this contributes to the enhancement of corporate value. To this end, under the active involvement of the CFO, we are strengthening cooperation between departments and operating companies as well as securing and training capable human resources, thereby maintaining an appropriate system that enhances tax compliance
and reduces tax risks. Furthermore, we have established reporting obligations to the Board of Directors and the Audit and Supervisory Committee regarding the above- mentioned policies and processes, as well as their ongoing implementation and maintenance.
Risk Management System
In establishing a risk management system for the Otsuka group, we have put in place the Risk Management Policy and set up a Risk Management Committee. The committee comprises the President and Representative Director as the chair, the director in charge of administration as the vice chair, as well as the information disclosure officer and the internal control officer. Leveraging the controls operated by each risk management department, the Risk Management Committee assesses and comprehensively manages risks that could jeopardize the sustainable enhancement of group value.
Responsibilities of the
Risk Management Committee
The Risk Management Committee examines group
risk management policies, coordinates between all companies and departments and issues instructions when a risk manifests, reports risk information to the Board of Directors, issues instructions to all companies, and promotes compliance.
Approach
The Otsuka group individually assesses risks in each of
its businesses. Risk management officers are responsible for analyzing and evaluating risk, and formulating and executing action plans so that each organization can meet its objectives and targets. We also periodically implement employee training with reference to events that could pose a risk within the organization. Training related to topics such as corruption prevention and the protection of human rights based on the Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics is another part of this approach. Furthermore, we regularly hold drills to prepare for unexpected events such as disasters.
1. Business Continuity Planning and Management
The Otsuka group has business continuity plans (BCPs)
in place to ensure that the group continues to operate
as effectively as possible in order to maintain the stable supply of products, even when large-scale earthquakes and disasters strike.
From the perspective of business continuity management (BCM), Otsuka Holdings and its group companies are cooperating to construct a group-wide business continuity framework. In August 2012, we acquired ISO 22301 certification for the production and stable supply of pharmaceutical products, beverages, and foods, and we have since gradually expanded the scope of certification. We acquired additional certification for the stable supply
of intravenous solutions in April 2015, and for the stable supply of anticancer agents in May 2016. The acquisition of ISO 22301 certification demonstrates that our organization
is fully equipped and prepared from a BCM standpoint. Through collaboration mainly between Otsuka
Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharmaceutical, and Otsuka Warehouse, the Otsuka group is making every effort to strengthen its countermeasures and systems so that the group as a whole can effectively continue its business activities and thereby ensure stable product supply even during times of disaster. In 2018, major group companies jointly conducted a desktop simulation drill for the scenario of an earthquake with an epicenter directly below Tokyo. Then in 2019, they jointly conducted another desktop simulation drill, this time for the scenario of a typhoon passing directly over western Japan. These drills provided opportunities for testing cooperation systems under close-to-realistic conditions, with a focus on ensuring stable product supply.
2. Risk Management Training
Risk management training is held annually for directors, Audit & Supervisory Board members, executive officers, and department heads of major group companies. Training includes simulation drills and lectures by outside experts, and involves discussions and reviews on the subject of domestic and overseas risk, referencing serious incidents and other matters. Topics include initial response and coordination of information among the group when a crisis occurs, measures to ensure business continuity, and corporate social responsibility.
3. Information Security
The Otsuka group has established the Otsuka Group Global Security Policy as its basic policy on information security. We endeavor to ensure shared awareness of the policy
at all group companies, including overseas subsidiaries.
In striving to raise the level of, and constantly improve, comprehensive security across the group, we set up the Otsuka Group Information Security Committee to examine specific measures and to share up-to-date information with regard to information security based on the policy. In order to counter the risk of cyberattacks, the Otsuka group employs a number of measures, such as arranging system security audits by external specialists, diagnosing website vulnerabilities, conducting drills related to targeted email attacks, and monitoring posts on social media. The group also conducts regular emergency drills with a focus on the core systems that construct data. In addition, we have built capabilities for responding to cybersecurity emergency situations, including the establishment of the Computer Security Incident Response Team (CSIRT), which preempts the occurrence of damage from cyberattacks targeting personal information and trade secrets held by respective group companies.
66 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 67
Risk Management
The Otsuka group carries out risk management under the supervision of top management based on the recognition that pursuing management efficiency and controlling the risks inherent in business activities is important to enhancing corporate value.

Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
 Revenue, Overseas Revenue Ratio
(¥ billion) 2,000
1,500
1,000
500
Business Profit, Business Profit Margin
Number of Employees
35,000
30,000
25,000
20,000
Number of Female Managers, Female Manager Ratio
Visit the Otsuka Holdings website for major CSR data:
https://www.otsuka.com/en/csr/hd_activity/ download/MajorCSRData_en.pdf
    51.6 1,396.2 1,445.0
(%)
60
40
(¥ billion)
250 200 150 100
13.4 13.5 187.2 195.0
(%)
15
10
32,992
59.5%
400
300
374
10.3
(%) 15
10
    50.6
             200 10,000 100
  15,000
205 5
     50 0000000
    2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 Revenue (left) Overseas revenue ratio (right) (Plan)
Profit Attributable to Owners of the Company, Return on Equity Attributable to Owners of the Company (ROE)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
5,000 40.5% 2016 2017 2018 2019
2016 2017 2018 2019 Number of female managers (left) Female manager ratio (right)
Scope: (Fiscal 2016–2018) Six major companies: Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Warehouse, Otsuka Chemical, and Otsuka Foods (Fiscal 2019–) Nine companies: six companies listed above, plus Otsuka Pharmaceutical Development & Commercialization, Otsuka America Pharmaceutical, and Pharmavite
Business profit (left)
Business profit margin (right)
(Plan)
Outside Japan Japan
Scope: 167 companies including Otsuka Holdings and its subsidiaries
Number of Employees Taking Parental Leave
R&D Expenses (in Pharmaceutical Business), R&D Ratio
Total CO2 Emissions
(Thousand tons-CO2) 900
600
300
    (¥ billion)
200
150
100
50
7.3 127.2
8.0 145.0
(%)
9
6
3
(¥ billion)
250 200 150 100
205.1 207.0
(%)
30
20
10
600
400
200
513
821 0.59
Japan 34.4% Indonesia 21.2% India 18.5% South Korea 7.5% North America 7.6% China 5.9% Europe 2.1% Others 2.9%
(Tons/¥ million) 1.00
0.50
                  2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 Profit attributable to owners of the Company (left) (Plan)
Return on equity attributable to owners of the Company (ROE) (right)
Total Assets, Ratio of Equity Attributable to Owners of the Company to Total Assets
(¥ billion)
3,500 3,000 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 Total assets (left)
Ratio of equity attributable to owners of the Company to total assets (right)
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
2016 2017 2018 2019 Female Male
2017 2018 2019
Total CO2 emissions (left) CO2 emissions per sales (right)
R&D expenses (in Pharmaceutical Business) (left)
R&D ratio (right)
Note: Excluding impairment losses
(Plan)
Annual Dividend per Share, Dividend Payout Ratio
Water Usage, Water Use Efficiency
(Thousand m3)
25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000
2017 2018 2019
Outside Japan (left) Japan (left) Water use efficiency (right)
Scope: All production sites of the consolidated Otsuka group
Total Waste Volume
22.2
22.0
303
50 0000000
210
Scope: (Fiscal 2016–2018) Six major companies: Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Warehouse, Otsuka Chemical, and Otsuka Foods (Fiscal 2019–) Nine companies: six companies listed above, plus Otsuka Pharmaceutical Development & Commercialization, Otsuka America Pharmaceutical, and Pharmavite
    Scope: All production sites of the consolidated Otsuka group
        68.8
2,477.4
18,756 6,482
11.3% 11,000 tons
12.4% 12,000 tons
Material recycling
Composting, conversion to feed, reuse, etc.
Power generation, heat use, fuel conversion
Landfills
Simple incineration Others
80
68.4 2,581.3 60
40
100
75
50
100
100
(%) (¥)
(%)
80
60
40
(m3/¥ million) 30
20
7.2% 7,000 tons
5.2% 5,000 tons
           42.6 37.4 000000
20.6% 20,000 tons
Total waste volume 97,000 tons
20
25
Annual dividend per share (left) (Plan) Dividend payout ratio (right)
20
13.4
10
12,274
43.3% 42,000 tons
    68 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 69
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Scope: All production sites of the consolidated Otsuka group

Main Data
With effect from fiscal 2016 (ended December 31, 2016), Otsuka adopted International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Information for fiscal 2015 (ended December 31, 2015) is also presented in line with IFRS.
J-GAAP
IFRS
2017/12
¥1,240.0 531.4
305.4 24.6
174.0 14.0 131.4 10.6 104.2 8.4 112.5
¥2,480.3 1,822.0 72.3
6.4
¥ 102.8 (40.1)
62.8
¥ 100 48.2
557,836 ¥ 4,948
32,817 13,880 18,937
IFRS
  2019/12
 ¥1,396.2
557.6
403.0
28.9
215.8
15.5
187.2
13.4
176.6
12.6
127.2
 ¥2,581.3
1,795.4
68.4
7.3
 ¥ 192.6
(52.3)
140.4
 ¥ 100
42.6
 557,836
¥ 4,883
 32,992
13,356
19,636
  2019/127
 $12,744
5,090
3,678
28.9
1,970
15.5
1,708
13.4
1,612
12.6
1,161
 $23,561
16,388
68.4
7.3
 $ 1,758
(477)
1,281
 $ 0.91
42.6
 557,836
$ 44.57
     Results of Operations
Item1
Revenue (¥ billion)
Selling, general and administrative (¥ billion) expenses2,3
Business profit before R&D expenses (¥ billion)
Ratio of business profit before R&D expenses (%) to revenue
R&D expenses3 (¥ billion) R&D ratio (%) Business profit4 (¥ billion) Business profit margin (%) Operating profit (¥ billion) Operating profit margin (%) Profit attributable to owners of the Company (¥ billion)
Total assets (¥ billion)
Total equity (¥ billion)
Ratio of equity attributable to owners of (%) the Company to total assets
ROE (%)
Net cash flows from operating activities (¥ billion)
Net cash flows from (used in) investing (¥ billion) activities
Free cash flows (¥ billion)
Annual dividend per share (¥) Dividend payout ratio (%)
Number of shares outstanding at year-end (Thousand shares)
Stock price at year-end (¥)
Total (Persons) Japan (Persons) Outside Japan (Persons)
2012/3
¥1,154.6 457.4
159.2 13.8
148.7 12.9 92.2
¥1,666.8 1,222.8 72.5
7.8
¥ 147.6 (107.6)
40.0
¥45 27.2
557,836
¥ 2,450
24,595 13,808 10,787
2013/3
¥1,218.1 462.2
192.4 15.8
169.7 13.9 122.4
¥1,779.2 1,325.1 73.7
9.7
¥ 119.3 (91.2)
28.1
¥58 26.1
557,836
¥ 3,300
25,330 13,732 11,598
2014/3
¥1,452.8 563.4
249.0 17.1
198.7 13.7 151.0
¥2,028.4 1,510.8 73.2
10.8
¥ 226.5 (108.5)
117.9
¥65 23.4
557,836
¥ 3,087
28,288 14,116 14,172
2014/125
¥1,224.3 508.6
172.9 14.1
196.5 16.1 143.1
¥2,178.2 1,658.6 74.7
9.2
¥ 88.5 (28.7)
59.9
¥75 28.4
557,836
¥ 3,617
29,482 14,285 15,197
2015/12
¥1,427.4 617.5
369.8 25.9
199.6 14.0 170.2 11.9 148.9 10.4 102.0
¥2,575.3 1,727.4 66.0
6.1
¥ 257.9 (422.6)
(164.7)
¥ 100 53.1
557,836 ¥ 4,317
31,940 14,082 17,858
2016/12
¥1,195.5 519.5
285.7 23.9
152.6 12.8 133.1 11.1 101.1 8.5 92.6
¥2,478.3 1,738.4 69.0
5.4
¥ 142.0 (135.1)
6.9
¥ 100 58.5
557,836 ¥ 5,093
31,787 13,909 17,878
2018/126
¥1,292.0 552.8
313.8 24.3
192.9 14.9 120.9 9.4 108.3 8.4 82.5
¥2,477.4 1,732.3 68.8
4.7
¥ 135.8 (93.3)
42.5
¥ 100 65.7
557,836 ¥ 4,493
32,935 13,757 19,178
(US$ million) (US$ million)
(US$ million) (%)
(US$ million) (%) (US$ million) (%) (US$ million) (%) (US$ million)
(US$ million) (US$ million) (%)
(%)
(US$ million) (US$ million)
(US$ million)
(US$) (%)
(Thousand shares)
(US$)
  Financial Position
Cash Flows
Dividends
Common Stock, Stock Price
Number of Employees8
           1. Line items are based on IFRS.
2. SG&A expenses under J-GAAP are presented as total expenses less R&D expenses. The Company believes that this information is useful to investors in comparing the Company’s financial
results under J-GAAP with those under IFRS.
3. Excluding impairment losses.
4. Business profit = Revenue − Cost of sales − Selling, general and administrative expenses + Share of profit of associates − R&D expenses
5. Due to a change in the consolidated fiscal year, fiscal 2014 (ended December 31, 2014) was a transitional period covering the nine months from April 1 to December 31, 2014.
6. As of December 31, 2019, the Company finalized provisional accounting treatments for business combinations. This is reflected in the presentation of figures for the year ended
December 31, 2018.
7. Calculated at ¥109.56 = US$1.
8. Number of employees at 167 companies including Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (as of December 31, 2019).
70 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 71

 Corporate Information, Global Network
Group Structure and Overview of Main Operating Companies
 Corporate Profile
(As of December 31, 2019)
Company Organization
(As of April 1, 2020)
Otsuka Group Corporate Philosophy
Overview
The Otsuka group of companies, whose origins date back to 1921, aims to contribute to the health of people around the world. It aims to do so through two main pillars: the pharmaceutical business for the diagnosis and treatment of diseases and the nutraceutical*1 business to support the maintenance and promotion of everyday health.
The company’s culture, summarized in a few words as, “Ryukan-godo” (by sweat we recognize the way), “Jissho” (actualization) and “Sozosei” (creativity), have been fostered by successive Otsuka leaders. These are emphasized by our 47,000*2 employees across 195 group companies in 31 countries and regions who strive to create and market unique products and services.
   Company Name
Established Capital Head Office
Tokyo Headquarters
Telephone
Number of Employees
Business Description
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
July 8, 2008 ¥81.69 billion
2-9 Kanda-Tsukasamachi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 101-0048, Japan
Shinagawa Grand Central Tower, 2-16-4 Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-8241, Japan
+81-3-6717-1410
104 (Consolidated: 32,992)
Control, management and related activities with respect to the Company’s subsidiaries and affiliates operating in pharmaceutical, nutraceutical, consumer product, and other businesses.
Internal Control Department Internal Audit Department
Nutraceutical Business Global Strategy and Planning Headquarters
Corporate Planning Department Global Business Support Department Finance and Accounting Department Project Office
Tax Department
Corporate Service Department Business Development Department Investor Relations Department Administration Department
President Office
Public Relations Department Sustainability Promotion Department Human Resources Department
Human Resource Planning Department IT Planning Department
Legal Affairs Department
Statutory Auditor’s Office
*1. Nutraceuticals: nutrition + pharmaceuticals *2. As of end of December, 2019. Otsuka Holdings and subsidiaries and affiliates.
                Organizational Structure
Otsuka Holdings
Otsuka Warehouse
                    Statutory Auditors/ Board of Statutory Auditors
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Inc.
Taiho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Otsuka Warehouse Co., Ltd.
Otsuka Chemical Co., Ltd.
Otsuka Foods Co., Ltd.
Otsuka Medical Devices Co., Ltd.
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory
Taiho Pharmaceutical
Otsuka Chemical
Otsuka Foods
Otsuka Medical Devices
   A total healthcare company supporting well-being for the whole body,
from the treatment of diseases to the promotion of everyday health
  Global Network
(As of December 31, 2019)
Otsuka operates in
31
Europe
39 companies
Asia, Middle East
68 companies
Japan
50 companies
North America
33 companies
Under the corporate philosophy “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide,” Otsuka Pharmaceutical operates in two core businesses: the Pharmaceutical Business, which provides breakthrough treatments for patients around the world, and the Nutraceutical Business, which helps healthy people maintain good health.
Original company of the Otsuka group, and a leader in IV solutions
in Japan with more than 70 years of experience in the field
Based on its management vision of being “The Best Partner in Clinical Nutrition,” Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory creates innovative products that meet a variety of needs, including pharmaceuticals, medical devices, oral rehydration solutions and other medical foods, and OTC pharmaceuticals. The company operates globally, with a focus on Japan and the rest of Asia.
A pioneer of oral anticancer agents in Japan for half a century
“We strive to improve human health and contribute to a society enriched by smiles.”—This is the corporate philosophy of Taiho Pharmaceutical, an R&D- driven specialty pharmaceutical company focusing in the fields of oncology, allergy and immunology, and urology. In the oncology field in particular, Taiho Pharmaceutical is recognized as one of Japan’s leading companies and is actively expanding its global presence. In the consumer healthcare business, it seeks insights into people, and focuses on creating new products better attuned to their lifestyles.
Contributing to people’s health worldwide in the field of logistics
Since its founding, Otsuka Warehouse has operated businesses with an emphasis on pharmaceutical and food product logistics. This includes building a common distribution platform for the Otsuka group’s three core categories: pharmaceuticals, foods and beverages, and daily necessities. In recent years, Otsuka Warehouse has been working to extend its logistics solutions to outside the group.
Creatively giving shape to the power of materials for the future, together with customers
With materials at the core of its operations, Otsuka Chemical aims for continuous technological innovation that leads to the creation of products that enable higher standards of living. Otsuka Chemical provides products to global markets in automotive, electrical and electronic equipment, housing, and healthcare areas through its main segments of the hydrazine business, the inorganic and composite materials business, and the pharmaceutical intermediates and active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) business.
Creating high-value-added products that offer new dietary lifestyles since 1955
Otsuka Foods operates under the motto “the company begins with people and food begins with spirit,” with “deliciousness, safety, peace of mind, and better health” at the heart of the “spirit of food” shared by all employees. Today, the aging of societies is among the many issues relating to health, the environment and demographic change that are transforming the social landscape. Otsuka Foods will continue to pursue solutions that address this kind of social change by creating and providing the products that customers need, and be a company that contributes to people of the world.
Introducing new technologies that make Otsuka’s medical devices business unique
Otsuka Medical Devices seeks to grow the medical devices business, which operates mainly in Japan, China, and other Asian countries, into a core business for the Otsuka group. Otsuka Medical Devices is achieving further growth by bringing together the group’s experience and know-how in medical devices in order to integrate the latest technology into new devices that meet emerging healthcare needs.
                                countries/regions
   Oc3eania companies
South and Central America
2 companies
   72 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 73
Shareholders’ Meeting Board of Directors
Chairman President

Disclosure by the Otsuka Group
Shareholder Information
(As of December 31, 2019)
The Otsuka group provides an overview of financial and non-financial information through this integrated report. Visit the Otsuka Holdings website for additional information, including consolidated financial statements, financial results presentations and supplementary documents, and information about research and development.
Number of shares authorized
Number of shares issued
Number of shareholders 62,219
Principal Shareholders (Top 10)
Name of shareholder
The Nomura Trust and Banking Co., Ltd.
Otsuka Founders Shareholding Fund Trust Account
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account) Otsuka Estate Co., Ltd.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account) Otsuka Group Employee Shareholding Fund
The Awa Bank, Ltd.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account 5)
Otsuka Asset Co., Ltd.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account 9)
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385151
Number of shares held rounded down to the nearest thousand. Excluding treasury stock held by the Company (15,564,187 shares). Shareholding ratio is calculated excluding treasury stock.
  Website
https://www.otsuka.com/en/
Investor Relations
https://www.otsuka.com/en/ir/
The Otsuka group’s CSR
https://www.otsuka.com/en/csr/
■ Cautions Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This integrated report summarizes the operating and financial results of Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries for fiscal 2019 (January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019). It also includes information regarding select material events that occurred between January 1, 2020 and the date of publication. The report contains forward-looking statements pertaining to plans, projections, strategies, and prospects for the Otsuka group of companies. These statements are based upon current analysis and beliefs in light of the information available on the issuing date of the report. Actual results may therefore differ due to the risks and uncertainties that may affect Otsuka group operations.
■ Medical information
In this integrated report, for the sake of readability a unified brand name is used when a product has different brand names in different countries or regions. Therefore, these products may not be available in all countries, or may be available under different brand names, for different indications, in different dosages and strengths.
Please note that the information regarding pharmaceutical products (including products under development) is not intended for advertising or promotional purposes, or as medical advice.
1,600,000,000 shares 557,835,617 shares
Securities companies
2.94%
Financial institutions
35.23%
Number of shares held (thousand)
57,815
40,246 23,296 22,991 12,998 10,970
7,728 7,380 6,920 6,755
2018
135.3 (116)
Shareholding ratio (%)
10.66
7.42 4.29 4.23 2.39 2.02 1.42 1.36 1.27 1.24
2019
148.8 (136)
  Stock Distribution
Treasury shares 2.79%
Other corporations 17.25%
            Individuals and others
19.91% corporations
 Maximum/Minimum Stock Price and Volatility by Year
Total Shareholders’ Return
Overseas 21.88%
  Fiscal
Minimum stock price (¥)
3,434
4,331 4,290 3,467 3,433 2,773 2,454 2,100 1,737
Trading volume (right)
Volatility (%) (standard deviation)
27.61%
29.07% 14.20% 17.69% 20.22% 19.24% 27.09% 9.89% 13.77%
Maximum stock price (¥)
Fiscal
(%)
(Comparison: TOPIX Total Return Index)
2015
122.1 (112)
2016
146.3 (112)
2017
145.1 (137)
           ■ About the Integrated Report
Beginning with the fiscal 2017 edition, Otsuka Holdings has combined its Annual Report and CSR Report into a single integrated report that brings together financial information and non-financial information. We hope it deepens stakeholders’ understanding of the group in its aim to become an indispensable contributor to people’s health worldwide.
■ Reporting Period
Fiscal 2019 (January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019).
Note that certain information from January 2020 onward is also included.
■ Scope of Reporting
In principle, this report covers Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (“the Otsuka group”). Where the scope of activities or data is narrower, details are noted.
■ Guidelines Referenced
• International Integrated Reporting Framework,
International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC)
• GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards,
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
• ISO 26000
• Environmental Reporting Guidelines 2018,
Ministry of the Environment
• Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation,
Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry
• Other guidelines
2019 5,072
2018 5,832 2017 5,895 2016 5,139 2015 4,774 2014 4,019 2013 3,630 2012 2,512 2011 2,252
Stock Performance
  (¥)
6,000
4,000
2,000
Stock price (left)
(Thousand shares) 150,000
120,000 90,000 60,000 30,000
          74 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 75
00
2010/12
2011/12
2012/12
2013/12
2014/12
2015/12
2016/12 2017/12 2018/12 2019/12

   