Environment
     Climate Change
FY 2030 Goal: 30% reduction in CO2 emissions compared to FY 2017
Climate change due to global warming is causing serious environmental issues on a worldwide scale, such as by severely impacting biological and water resources. We recognize it as a major risk to our global operations. The Otsuka group is committed to creating a decarbonized society, and thereby a sustainable society. We are aiming to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across the entire value chain in order to help achieve the Paris Agreement goal of holding the global average temperature increase below 2°C above pre-industrial levels.
Otsuka Group Global Environmental Council
As a global group that contributes to the health of people worldwide, the Otsuka group works sincerely to reduce the impact its businesses have on the global environment, and seeks to contribute to the creation of a sustainable society that can protect nature and the future of the earth.
The Otsuka Group Global Environmental Council comprises the group-wide coordinator at Otsuka Holdings, executive officers at each group company who are responsible for and have jurisdiction over matters related to the environment, and a secretariat. Matters deliberated on by the council are approved by the Board of Directors of Otsuka Holdings, and shared as the environmental management policies of the Otsuka group. The council promotes initiatives that contribute to solutions to global social issues related to the earth’s environment.
■ Otsuka Group Global Environmental Council Organization
1. Initiatives for Efficient Energy Use and CO2 Reduction
In Tokushima Prefecture, where a number of Otsuka group production sites are concentrated, we have installed cogeneration systems at Otsuka Chemical and Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory. These systems generate electric power from natural gas, while converting waste heat into steam and hot water, which are then supplied to nearby group companies. Furthermore, the cogeneration system introduced in February 2020 at Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory’s Toyama Factory supports our business continuity plan, reduces annual CO2 emissions by approximately 1,800 tons, and contributes to energy efficiency and stable drug supply.
We are working to reduce CO2 emissions by switching to renewable energy. In July 2019, we started introducing CO2-free electricity, which is derived from renewable energy sources and does not emit CO2, at Otsuka group factories and research centers in Tokushima Prefecture and at Otsuka Pharmaceutical’s Fukuroi Factory. In November 2019, we expanded its introduction to Otsuka Foods’ Shiga Factory, and overseas to Nutrition & Santé’s Spain Factory.
Taiho Pharmaceutical have been validated under the Science Based Targets (SBT) Initiative.
In order to achieve these new goals, we will optimize energy use and introduce renewable energy, and continue to promote reduction of GHG emissions throughout the value chain.
2030 Goals
• Reduction of greenhouse gas
emissions (Scope 12 and 23)
by 30% compared to 2017
• Reduction of greenhouse gas
emissions (Scope 34) by 20% compared to 2017
1. An international initiative led by the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), World Resources Institute (WRI), and World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF). Validates companies’ CO2 emission reduction targets that align with scientifically-based reduction scenarios, in order to achieve the Paris Agreement goal of holding the global average temperature increase below 2°C above pre-industrial levels.
2. Scope 1: Direct emissions
3. Scope 2: Indirect emissions from energy sources 4. Scope 3: Other indirect emissions
3. Third-Party Verification of GHG Emissions
In order to improve the transparency and reliability of
its environmental data, the Otsuka group has its GHG emissions Scopes 1 and 2 (CO2 emissions from energy sources, including energy consumption), and Scope 3 (Category 1) verified by third-party organizations. This helps us identify emissions trends and implement improvements. We will continue to expand the scope of verification and further enhance the reliability of our data.Otsuka Group’s Environmental Policy
The Otsuka group of companies strives to advance
as an essential company that contributes to the
health of people worldwide. We will help to realize
a sustainable society by always taking account of the global environment in the value chain as we pursue our business activities based on our trademark qualities of autonomy, proactiveness and creativity.
Guidelines
1. Climate Change
Play a part in controlling global warming by reducing CO2 emissions.
2. Resource Recycling and Conservation
Continue to improve resource efficiency and help create a zero-waste society.
3. Water Conservation
Promote sustainable use of water through conservation, recycling and clean return.
4. Environmental Compliance
Continue to improve our environmental management system, increase effectiveness of compliance, and reduce risks.
   Otsuka Holdings director
  The Otsuka group has determined the materialities of its environmental initiatives to be climate change, resource recycling and conservation and water conservation. We have set goals for 2030, and are carrying out activities aimed
at achieving them. As part of these initiatives, the Otsuka group’s five major companies in Japan1 are working to acquire integrated ISO 14001 certification, the international standard for environmental management systems, as part of efforts to promote activities that are more efficient and highly effective.2
Going forward, the group will work together toward
the realization of a decarbonized society, and ultimately a
sustainable society, raising awareness and understanding
of environmental issues by conducting environmental
training for employees and generating synergy through
collaborations between group companies.
1. Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Chemical, and Otsuka Foods
2. As of December 31, 2019, 20 Otsuka group companies in Japan and overseas are ISO 14001-certified. To accelerate efforts to achieve group goals, we are working to acquire integrated ISO 14001 certification for the group.
Council members
Secretariat
 Otsuka Holdings Otsuka PharmaceuticalOtsuka Pharma- ceutical
Otsuka Pharma- ceutical Factory
Taiho Pharma- ceutical
Otsuka Chemical
Otsuka Warehouse
Otsuka Foods
■ Total CO2 Emissions (Thousand tons-CO2)
(Tons/¥ million) 1.00
900
600
300
0 Total
821 0.59
2019
Japan 34.4% Indonesia 21.2% India 18.5%
    2017
2018
CO2 emissions (left)
CO2 emissions per sales (right)
Scope: All production sites of the consolidated Otsuka group
2. Validation of Otsuka Pharmaceutical and Taiho Pharmaceutical Goals under the SBT Initiative1
South Korea North America China
Europe
7.5%
7.6% 0.50 5.9%
2.1%
■ GHG Emissions throughout the Value Chain
 Others 2.9%
Other categories
27.2%
Category 15 55.3%
Scope 12 10.5% Scope 23 7.0%
Scope 34 82.5%
0
1,320 thousand tons-CO2
  50 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 51
Group-wide coordinator
GHG reduction goals set by Otsuka Pharmaceutical and
5. Purchased goods and services
Scope: Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical Factory, Taiho Pharmaceutical,
 Otsuka Chemical, and Otsuka Foods
The Otsuka Group’s CSR: EnvironmentResource Recycling and Conservation
FY 2030 Goals: 50% reduction in simple incineration and landfill compared to FY 2019 50% or higher content of recycled and plant-based materials in our PET bottles
In order to realize both a sustainable society and ongoing corporate growth, a global shift to sustainable business models that grow without impacting the environment is necessary. To continue providing products that contribute to the health of people worldwide, the Otsuka group will raise resource efficiency throughout the value chain and build a sustainable system for recycling and conservation of resources, including biological resources.Water Conservation
FY 2030 Goal: Improvement of water use efficiency by 15% compared to FY 2017
Since its establishment, the Otsuka group’s operations have had a deep connection to water, a resource essential
to life. Through products that use water as a raw material, we have actively contributed not only to the treatment and prevention of diseases, but also the maintenance and promotion of health. We therefore recognize water as an important resource, and consider its conservation to be a critical global issue. Moreover, water resources are unevenly distributed across different countries and regions, each of which faces different risks. The Otsuka group therefore cooperates with all stakeholders, and conducts ongoing water conservation initiatives from intake to discharge (including cultivation of water resources, conscientious use and clean return), in the aim of sustainable water use.
1. Initiatives to Achieve Zero Waste1
In fiscal 2019, the Otsuka group’s total global waste volume was 97,000 tons. The effective use amount including material recycling,2 composting, and heat recovery3 was 74,000 tons, or about 76% of the total.
Furthermore, the simple incineration volume was 5,000
tons (mainly in Japan) and the landfill volume was 11,000
tons (mainly overseas). Going forward, we will promote
activities to reduce waste and disposal volumes together
with group companies in Japan and overseas.
1. Approach seeking to reduce waste generation and wasted resources to zero
2. Reuse of recycled materials as raw materials
3. Generation and use of heat energy from incineration (in accordance with EU or
Japanese standards); includes use as fuel and solid fuel conversion
Otsuka Group Plastic Policy
Evaluating Water Risk at Production Sites
Considering environmental risk in each region is also important to sustainable growth in the diverse business models of the Otsuka group operating around the world. Since 2017, the Otsuka group has conducted water risk assessments at all production sites using the water risk assessment tool “Aqueduct,” developed by the World Resources Institute (WRI), so as to understand and minimize the impact of such risk on water-related business activities. Going forward, we will conduct more specific assessments and promote activities tailored to each region that target the effective management and use of water, with the aim of conservation and sustainable use of water resources.
■ Water Usage and Water Use Efficiency (Thousand m3)■ Fundamental Concept
PET bottles comprise the majority of plastic containers and packaging used for consumer products by our group companies. For this reason, we believe that by promoting PET bottle recycling, we can reduce our reliance on fossil fuel and thereby contribute
to environmental conservation. Our plan is to use PET bottles manufactured from recycled and plant-based materials and increase the percentage of such sustainable resource use in our production processes globally to 50 percent by 2030 and 100 percent by 2050. Moreover, to advance PET material recycling, it is essential to recycle PET bottles for use as raw material. Together with our various stakeholders, we will advance our global efforts on proper collection and recycling of used PET bottles.
■ Our Vision for 2050
For our entire line of consumer products, we will endeavor to use packaging that supports a sustainable society:
• No use of plastics made from petroleum-based materials
• Promote use of recycled, plant-based, and biodegradable materials
• Promote use of reusable packaging
■ Our Goal for 2030
• Achieve a 50 percent or higher content of recycled and plant-
based materials in our PET bottles.
• Introduce alternative packaging (e.g., paper) and increase use of cans for our drink products.
• Step up promotion of drink bottle recycling by introducing reusable packaging through a zero-waste sales and circular distribution model, which also includes the use of sports bottles for our powder products.
We will promote the use of alternative packaging and concurrently pursue using more recyclable materials for drink containers.
25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000 0
Outside Japan (left)
18,756 6,482
13.4
2019
(m3/¥ million) 30
20
10
0
   2017
Japan (left)
2018
Scope: All production sites of the consolidated Otsuka group
Scope: All production sites of the consolidated Otsuka group
Water use efficiency (right)
12,274
  ■ Total Waste Volume 7.2%
7,000 tons
5.2% 5,000 tons
Material recycling
Composting, conversion to feed, reuse, etc.
Power generation, heat use, fuel conversion
Landfills
Simple incineration Others  11.3% 11,000 tons
43.3% 12.4% 42,000 tons
12,000 tons
20.6% 20,000 tons
Total waste volume 97,000 tons
Scope: All production sites of the consolidated Otsuka group
2. Initiatives Targeting the Issue of Plastic Waste
As an initiative aimed at solving the issue of plastic waste, we have formulated the Otsuka Group Plastic Policy to contribute to the sustainable recycling of resources. As a group that provides products that contribute to people’s health, the Otsuka group will continue measures to assure the safety and quality of containers and packaging.
52 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 53