Governance
2. Board of Directors Meetings
The Board of Directors convenes regularly once a month and holds extraordinary meetings as necessary to make important business decisions and supervise the execution of operations.
3. Director Selection Criteria
The Company aims to become “an indispensable contributor to people’s health worldwide” by targeting sustainable growth and enhanced corporate value over the medium to long term. Toward this aim, the Company works to ensure the overall diversity of directors, and appoints people with the insight, expertise, and experience needed to realize and maintain appropriate and effective corporate governance. For internal directors in particular, we comprehensively evaluate the experience, expertise, insight, and other attributes of candidates to ensure that they have the qualities needed
to implement the group’s corporate philosophy, Code of Business Ethics, and management strategies.
4. Corporate Governance Committee
In February 2017, the Company established the Corporate Governance Committee with the aim of increasing transparency and objectivity in management. As an advisory body to the Board of Directors, the committee discusses matters relating to corporate governance, including the nomination of directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, and the remuneration system and standards for directors, and reports the results of its deliberations to the Board of Directors. The committee consists of the president, the director in charge of administration, and all four outside directors. The president serves as the chair of the committee.
Content of Deliberations
(1) Nomination
The Corporate Governance Committee discusses the validity and fairness of matters related to the appointment and dismissal of directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, and reports to the Board of Directors. Regarding
candidates for Audit & Supervisory Board members, the committee obtains approval from the Audit & Supervisory Board prior to reporting to the Board of Directors.
Candidates are those put forward by the representative director(s).
(2) Remuneration
The Corporate Governance Committee discusses matters related to the remuneration system and standards for directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, and reports to the Board of Directors.
(3) Corporate Governance Structure
In addition, the Committee deliberates on matters related to the enhancement of the corporate governance structure, and reports to the Board of Directors as necessary.
5. Audit & Supervisory Board and Its Members
Audit & Supervisory Board members attend and express opinions at meetings of the Board of Directors, and monitor the performance of duties of directors in terms of legal compliance and soundness of management through audits. In striving to improve the effectiveness of audits, Audit & Supervisory Board members also share information and exchange opinions as appropriate with relevant departments, including the Internal Audit Department, Internal Control Department, Administration Department, and Finance and Accounting Department, as well as the accounting auditor.
6. Evaluation of Effectiveness of Board of Directors
From January through February every year, the Company conducts a questionnaire survey of all directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members. Results of the survey are reviewed by a company attorney, and then reviewed and evaluated at the Board of Directors meeting in March.
Questionnaire items are as follows.
(1)Composition of the Board of Directors
(2) Each director’s understanding and knowledge of business
fields and specific management strategies and plans
  Corporate Governance
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (“the Company”) is committed to promoting sustainable increase of its corporate value over the medium to long term by realizing its corporate philosophy, “Otsuka-people creating new products for better health worldwide.” To meet this commitment, it adopts a basic policy of making transparent, fair and timely decisions, and fulfilling its corporate social responsibility by living up to the expectations of all stakeholders, including customers, business partners, employees, local communities, and shareholders, through ongoing dialogue.
Board of Directors meeting attendance: 100%
Outside directors: 30.8%
Female directors: 23.1%
 The Company discloses its basic approach to corporate governance in its Corporate Governance Guidelines, available on the corporate website.
Corporate Governance Guidelines
https://www.otsuka.com/en/company/ governance/pdf/guideline.pdf
Corporate Governance Report
https://www.otsuka.com/jp/company/governance/ pdf/report.pdf (available only in Japanese)2008
2010
2011
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Overview of Corporate Governance Structure
The Board of Directors, which also includes outside directors, advances the execution of management plans, supervises the Company’s management, and also assumes roles and responsibilities to enhance the profitability and capital investment efficiency in order to promote the sustainable growth of the Company and the increase
of corporate value over the medium to long term. The Company secures its soundness and establishes the
solid corporate governance structure living up to social expectations by ensuring that the Audit & Supervisory Board and its members, which are independent from the Board of Directors, can audit the Directors’ performance of their duties in collaboration with the Accounting Auditor, as well as the Internal Audit Department.
1. Corporate Organization
As a company with an audit and supervisory board
as defined by the Companies Act, the Company has established a Board of Directors and an Audit & Supervisory Board, and also engages an accounting auditor. The Articles of Incorporation stipulate that the number of directors shall not exceed 18, and that the number of Audit & Supervisory Board members shall not exceed five.
Initiatives to Strengthen Corporate Governance
• Establishment of Otsuka Holdings
• Term of directors set at one year
• Decision not to adopt a directors’ retirement benefits system
• Corporate officer system adopted
• Two outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
• Three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
• Stock options as performance-linked remuneration introduced • Stock publicly listed in December
• First Medium-Term Management Plan announced
• Two outside directors; three outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
• Second Medium-Term Management Plan announced
• Three outside directors; two outside Audit & Supervisory Board
members
• Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics established
• Corporate Governance Guidelines established
• Internal whistleblowing system (for Otsuka Holdings and major
group companies) established, with reporting to an independent
body outside the Company
• Three outside directors; three outside Audit & Supervisory Board
members
• Effectiveness of Board of Directors evaluated
• System for granting stock options conditional on progress with
the medium-term management plan introduced • Corporate Governance Guidelines revised
• Corporate Governance Committee established
• Started to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
based on questionnaires completed by all directors and Audit &
Supervisory Board members
• Started to hold reporting meetings for outside directors and
outside Audit & Supervisory Board members to improve their
understanding of the group’s management and business
• Two female directors
• Corporate Governance Guidelines revised
• Third Medium-Term Management Plan announced
• Restricted stock-based compensation plan introduced
• Otsuka Group Global Conflict of Interest Policy established • Four outside directors; three female directors
Governance Structure (As of March 27, 2020)
Company with an Audit &
Supervisory Board
13 [4 (independent directors)] 1 year
4 [3 (independent auditors)] Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC
Elects/Dismisses
Elects/Dismisses
Elects/Dismisses
(Cooperates with)
 Shareholders’ Meeting
  Consults Recommends
Approval of material matters/ Management guidance
Operational audits Accounting audits
(Cooperates with) Accounting audits
(Cooperates with)
   Corporate Governance Committee
Board of Directors
(13 directors; 4 of whom are outside directors)
 Appoints/Dismisses
Instructs Reports
Audit & Supervisory Board
(4 Audit & Supervisory Board members; 3 of whom are outside members)
 President and Representative Director, CEO
  Accounting Auditor
   Internal Audit DepartmentForm of organizationDirectors [Outside directors]Term of directorsAudit & Supervisory Board members [Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members]Accounting auditor   Meetings of the Group’s boards of corporate auditors
Prior consultation/ Ex post facto reportsSubsidiaries (Shareholders’ Meeting, Board of Directors, Audit and Supervisory Board Members, etc.)54 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 55
(3)Cooperation with outside directors (4)Cooperation with the Audit & Supervisory Board (5)Operation of Board of Directors meetings (6)Governance-related matters
i. Function of the Board of Directors in determining the direction of management strategy
ii. Monitoring of each business with respect to the execution of management strategy
iii.Understanding of the perspectives of major investors and stakeholders
iv. Risk management
v. Cooperation and information sharing with each
operating company
(7) Support system for outside directors
(8) Overall functioning of the Board of Directors from
the perspective of effectiveness
companies. Furthermore, given that all outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members satisfy requirements of independent directors/auditors prescribed by the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE), the Company has registered them as such with the TSE.
8. Internal Audit Department
The Company’s Internal Audit Department reports directly to the president. The department regularly conducts audits based on the Internal Audit Rules to verify that operations are being executed appropriately and efficiently with regard to the assets and business of the Company and
its affiliated companies. The department submits audit reports to the president, directors, and Audit & Supervisory Board members. Where there is need for improvement, the department recommends remedial actions and later confirms their implementation, thereby contributing to the optimization of business execution. The department also shares information and cooperates in audits by Audit & Supervisory Board members and the accounting auditor.
9. Internal Control Department
The Company’s Internal Control Department handles internal controls regarding financial reporting by the Company and its affiliated companies. The department formulates rules and manuals pertaining to internal controls, provides training, and ensures that employees thoroughly understand operational rules. The department also works
in cooperation with the Internal Audit Department to continuously monitor the status of operations. This is the basis of an internal control system under which management personnel can be reliably evaluated.
Our basic approach to the internal control system and its current status are described in the Corporate Governance Report that we submit to the TSE (available only in Japanese).
10. Accounting Audit
The Company has signed an auditing agreement with Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC as the accounting auditor to audit its accounts from a fair and impartial standpoint. The certified public accountants that audited the Company’s accounts were Yukitaka Maruchi, Koichi Niki, and Hirofumi Otani. They were assisted by eight other certified public accountants and six other individuals. All of the certified public accountants that audited the Company’s accounts have done so for less than seven consecutive years, therefore that description is omitted.
11. Succession Plan
The Company continues to develop and implement executive human resource development programs to identify talented personnel early and systematically nurture next-generation management candidates equipped with the qualities and skills called on by the corporate philosophy. The status of these programs is regularly reported to the Board of Directors.
Skill Matrix for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
In order to establish an effective corporate governance structure that supports sustainable growth, the Company appoints individuals with wide-ranging business experience, advanced expertise in broad fields, and extensive knowledge, as directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members. The table below summarizes areas of experience and expertise of directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members.
 Global business
Technology, R&D, production
Strategic planning, marketing, sales
Finance, accounting
Legal, compliance, risk management
Company analysis
Healthcare administration, public health
Major qualifications, etc.
Ichiro Otsuka
 ●
●
●
Tatsuo Higuchi
●
●
●
●
 Yoshiro Matsuo
●
 Yuko Makino
 ●
Shuichi Takagi
 ●
●
●
Sadanobu Tobe
●
 Masayuki Kobayashi
 ●
●
●
Noriko Tojo
 ●
●
●
Makoto Inoue
●
●
●
 Yukio Matsutani
●
MD
 Ko Sekiguchi
●
●
 Yoshihisa Aoki
●
 Mayo Mita
 ●
Yozo Toba
●
●
 Hiroshi Sugawara
 ●
CPA
Yoko Wachi
 ●
Attorney
Kazuo Takahashi
 ●
●
   Summary of Evaluation in Fiscal 2019
The results of the analysis and evaluation of the overall effectiveness of the Board of Directors in fiscal 2019 are summarized below.
There was an increase in opinions stating improvement from the previous year regarding the 12 items in the questionnaire. The opinions noted particular improvement in (3) Cooperation with outside directors, (4) Cooperation with the Audit & Supervisory Board, (6) i. Function of the Board of Directors in determining the direction of management strategy and (6) ii. Monitoring of each business with respect to the execution of management strategy.
With regard to (5) Operation of Board of Directors meetings, there was agreement that deliberations have improved. However, issues were identified, such as criteria for whether items should be deliberated by subsidiaries or be deliberated and subject to resolution of the Board of Directors, appropriate allocation of deliberation time, and early provision of reference materials. This confirms the need to further review matters relating to this item.
On the basis of this evaluation, we believe that the Company’s Board of Directors is functioning appropriately from the perspective of effectiveness. Nonetheless, we will strive to make further improvements on issues that have been identified through evaluation and review. In addition, we will work to strengthen corporate governance by discussing best practices in our role as a holding company, and in cooperating with and monitoring subsidiaries.
 Yukio Matsutani
Ko Sekiguchi
Rationale for selection1
Mr. Matsutani has provided appropriate suggestions and advice to the Company’s management from an independent standpoint as an outside director, and from an objective and expert viewpoint based on his abundant experience and extensive knowledge in the healthcare and welfare fields and high level of expertise in overall healthcare.
Attendance rate
Board of Directors meeting
100% (16/16 times)
Audit & Supervisory Board meeting
—
  Yoshihisa Aoki
Mr. Sekiguchi has provided appropriate suggestions and advice to the Company’s management from an independent standpoint as an outside director, and from an objective and expert viewpoint based on his abundant experience and extensive knowledge as a corporate manager and high level of expertise in Pharmaceutical Business.
Mr. Aoki has provided appropriate suggestions and advice to the Company’s management from an independent standpoint as an outside director, and from an objective and expert viewpoint based on his abundant experience, track record, and extensive knowledge as a corporate manager and abundant experience, expertise and network in the food industry.
100% (16/16 times)
100% (13/13 times)
—
  —
  Mayo Mita
Ms. Mita, as a securities analyst, has abundant experience in corporate analysis and based on that, a high level of insight in objectively observing and analyzing companies. She is expected to provide appropriate suggestions and advice to the Company’s management from an independent standpoint as an outside director, and from an objective and expert viewpoint.
—2
—
  Hiroshi Sugawara
Mr. Sugawara has specialized knowledge as a certified public accountant, as well as abundant business experience, and the Company has determined that he will be able to use such experience and expertise in audits of the Company.
100% (16/16 times)
100% (17/17 times)
  Yoko Wachi
Kazuo Takahashi
As an attorney, Ms. Wachi is well-versed in corporate legal affairs, and the Company has determined that she will be able to use such experience and expertise in audits of the Company.
Mr. Takahashi has held major positions in IT and internal control departments for many years and has abundant experience in corporate management, and the Company has determined that he will be able to use such experience and expertise in audits of the Company.
100% (16/16 times)
100% (16/16 times)
100% (17/17 times)
  100% (17/17 times)
    7. Independence Criteria for Independent Officers
When selecting outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members, the Company looks for individuals with a wealth of knowledge and extensive experience in various fields. The Company requires
that candidates have the ability to adequately exercise management oversight functions through fair and objective monitoring, supervision, and auditing of management
from a neutral and objective viewpoint. The Independence Standards for Outside Directors are defined in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and form the basis for judgements on the independence of outside directors. In addition, we require that they have not previously been engaged in the execution of operations at any of our group
Rationale for Selection of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Outside directors
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
1. For all outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members, given no risk of conflict of interest with general shareholders, the Company believes each outside officer qualifies as an independent director/auditor.
2. Attendance for Board of Directors meetings and Audit & Supervisory Board meetings by Mayo Mita is not listed because she was newly appointed as an outside director at the 12th General Meeting of Shareholders held on March 27, 2020.
56 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 57
Audit & Supervisory Board members
Directors

Remuneration for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Content of Remuneration to DirectorsFixed remuneration• Fixed remuneration for directors of the holding company is determined based on their duties and responsibilities including formulation of group strategies, monitoring group operations, and strengthening corporate governance.
• Remuneration for Directors who serve concurrently as Directors of subsidiaries that are operating companies is determined based on their duties and responsibilities including execution of business based on group strategies formulated by Otsuka Holdings, formulation of strategies for the operating company, and strengthening corporate governance. (Remuneration shall not to exceed the upper limit of remuneration resolved at the shareholders meeting.)Performance- linked bonus• Remuneration is determined based on (1) rate of achievement of the fiscal year’s targets for consolidated revenue, consolidated operating profit, and consolidated business profit before R&D expenses; (2) progress with respect to medium-to-long-term consolidated performance targets; and (3) appropriate business management in compliance with corporate governance, along with the individual’s personal performance.
• The Corporate Governance Committee deliberates upon the above items and reports the results of its deliberations to the directors. Decisions are then made by the Board of Directors.Share-based payment
At a meeting of the Board of Directors held on February 13, 2019, the Company resolved to introduce a restricted stock remuneration plan as an incentive plan to sustainably improve the medium-to-long-term performance and corporate value of the Company.
• The plan is designed to provide an effective remuneration system by combining multiple release conditions for the transfer restrictions, including a set performance evaluation period and performance achievement, and by in principle granting shares with transfer restrictions requiring evaluation of performance over several fiscal years simultaneously in the first fiscal year.
• The shares with transfer restrictions issued under this plan are intended to comprise a remuneration system that reflects progress in achieving the medium-term management plan. To this end, the remuneration plan combines multiple performance achievement requirements based on performance indicators in the Third Medium-Term Management Plan announced on May 30, 2019.The Company’s remuneration plan for directors and Audit
& Supervisory Board members is designed to achieve sustainable growth and enhanced corporate value over the medium to long term for the group while also ensuring
that functions such as business execution and management supervision are exercised appropriately, maintaining transparency and fairness. The Company’s basic approach to remuneration for directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members is as follows.
1. Remuneration Levels
Considering the need to acquire and motivate outstanding personnel who will take responsibility for the Company’s global business activities, the Company sets remuneration levels fully commensurate with the roles and responsibilities expected of such personnel.
2. Remuneration System
With regard to remuneration for directors responsible
for business execution, the Company has formulated a remuneration system that is closely linked to performance in individual fiscal years, as well as over the medium to long term, while emphasizing sustainable enhancement
of corporate value. In addition to cash remuneration, the Company also provides share-based payments more closely linked to shareholder value. Outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members are paid fixed remuneration; they are not paid any remuneration that varies according to performance.
3. Governance of Remuneration-related Decisions (Activities of the Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors)
Decisions related to remuneration for directors and Audit
& Supervisory Board members are made by the Board of Directors based on a report from the Corporate Governance Committee, an advisory body to the Board of Directors.
The committee deliberates on matters including the remuneration system and levels of remuneration. When deciding on remuneration, efforts are made to enhance objectivity through such means as utilizing external data.
In determining remuneration for directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members in the current term, the Board of Directors and the Corporate Governance Committee deliberate a number of times. The Board of Directors makes final decisions after receiving the Corporate Governance Committee’s report that those decisions are appropriate.
In addition, following extensive study by the Board of Directors and the Corporate Governance Committee, the decision was made to design and implement a restricted stock-based compensation system starting fiscal 2019.
4. Composition of Remuneration
a) Remuneration for directors of Otsuka Holdings (holding company of the Otsuka group)
Remuneration for directors (excluding outside directors)
of the Company consists of fixed remuneration according to title or position, bonuses linked to results of operations (short-term incentive), as well as stock-based compensation (medium-to-long-term incentive). Remuneration for outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members consists only of fixed remuneration.
b) Composition of remuneration for directors (excluding outside directors)
Performance-linked remuneration as a percentage of total remuneration varies according to the Company’s single-year and medium-to-long-term consolidated results of operations. The system emphasizes medium-to-long- term enhancement of corporate value. Performance- linked bonuses are designed to be variable over the
range of 0–100% of fixed remuneration, and stock-
based compensation over the range of 0–100% of fixed remuneration. Maximum performance-linked remuneration as a percentage of total remuneration is 66% (200% of 300% total).
c) Remuneration for directors of subsidiaries (operating companies of the Otsuka group)
Remuneration for directors of subsidiaries that are operating companies is determined based on their duties and responsibilities (including execution of business of operating companies based on group strategies formulated by the Company, formulation of strategies for operating companies, and strengthening corporate governance) and is not to exceed the cap on director remuneration resolved at the General Meeting of Shareholders.
It should be noted that the restricted stock-based compensation system newly implemented in fiscal 2019 will also apply to about 40 directors (excluding outside directors) of some of the group’s major subsidiaries.
Total Remuneration by Officer Category and by Type, and Number of Applicable OfficersTotal remuneration, etc. (¥ million)
104 144 9 1 54 54 — — 7
544 296
Total remuneration, etc. by type (¥ million)2424—— 58 Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 59