Social initiatives
   Relevant SDGs
Central themes
Summary
   Occupational health and safety
SECOM’s Philosophy and the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct
Advancing diversity
Dialogue with employees
Occupational health and safety
We believe that our ability to provide safety and peace of mind to our customers depends on first ensuring the health and vitality of our employees. Accordingly, we promote various initiatives aimed at protecting and enhancing employee health and creating safe, employee-friendly workplaces.
The Human Resources Department has established a system to comprehensively manage occupational health in collaboration with the Health Promotion Office, which is staffed with occupational health physicians (OHPs), and the SECOM Health Insurance Union. To promote continuous improvements in occupational health and safety, health committees nationwide meet monthly to discuss key issues, including employee working hours and efforts to improve health, enhance work environments, ensure safety and prevent risks. We also actively care for employees’ mental health, conducting stress checks, arranging meetings with psychiatrists and specialized counselors, to make certain that employees feel both physically and mentally supported.
To ensure occupational safety, the Operations Division verifies day-to-day security operations and works to reduce identified occupational safety risks. Our operational and control structure facilitates the efficient exchange of reports and instructions between the front lines and senior management, ensuring that the latter is fully apprised of
Efforts to ensure the full penetration of SECOM’s Philosophy and encourage strict compliance with the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct to bolster employee motivation and earn the trust of society
Assignment of diversity and inclusion staff to the Human Resource Department to promote the creation of positive work environments in which diverse employees can maximize their capabilities
Employee job satisfaction surveys and the exchange of opinions between the SECOM Employee Union Federation and executives to facilitate the creation of employee-friendly workplaces
day-to-day operations across Japan and able to provide guidance for the improvements where necessary to enhance occupational safety. The division has developed procedures and equipment designed to prevent accidents and promotes initiatives to improve employee skills, including a program that seeks to improve driving techniques. Efforts to ensure safe, employee-friendly workplaces also include the provision of extensive training aimed at preventing occupational accidents, including that related to the risk of security accidents in various situations.
Participants in Training Aimed at Preventing Occupational Accidents
(Number of people)
Preparation of manuals that draw on our accumulated know-how and promotion of training to ensure employee safety and collaboration with the SECOM Health Insurance Union to manage employee health
  Securing and fostering talented human resources
Focus on securing and fostering talented human resources who have the ability to adapt to change and create value and who seek to contribute to society
    Promoting work–life balance
Establishment of programs and promotion of ongoing efforts to enhance work–life balance and increase employee retention
    3,000
2,000
1,000
0
2,610
2,739
2021
(Years ended March 31)
 2,348
   40 SECOM REPORT 2021
2019 2020
*Scope of reporting: SECOM CO., LTD.
 SECOM’s Philosophy and the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct
 Encouraging awareness of SECOM’s Philosophy and adherence to the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct are essential to maximizing the trust of stakeholders and our corporate value. Handed down since our establishment, SECOM’s Philosophy provides a spiritual anchor for Group employees and the entire SECOM Group. The driving force behind our growth and evolution, this philosophy emphasizes a refusal to be content with the status quo and a commitment to doing what is appropriate. The first element expresses our determination to offer innovative services and systems by challenging accepted norms, while the second calls for judging the legitimacy of our actions by examining whether they are just, fair and beneficial not only to SECOM but also to society as a whole. The SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct sets forth ideals for the conduct of employees in both public and private life and specific standards for the day-to- day performance of duties. We have published SECOM’s Philosophy and the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct
Securing and fostering talented human resources
Our vibrant, diverse team of employees, who are critical to our ability to provide services that deliver safety and peace of mind, are our greatest asset and another driving force behind our growth and evolution. Accordingly, we strive to secure and foster talented human resources who have the ability to adapt to change and create value and who seek to contribute to society.
As a company that extends services across Japan and around the world, we promote active recruiting efforts. We also work to enhance employee welfare with the goal of improving our ability to retain human resources, and have established a variety of programs designed to boost motivation and productivity, as well as to create employee- friendly workplaces. One such program enables employees to choose the geographic location to which they are assigned to suit career phase or personal preference.
We provide extensive training to foster human resources with high ethical standards and superior skills. In addition to training for all new employees, we have developed department- and job-specific curricula that reinforce practical capabilities in a manner that benefits employees on the front lines. We have also launched a variety of specialized training options, including an overseas study program and a subsidy system for employees to take correspondence courses. In the area of training for security guards, we have introduced VR technology, among others, to improve effectiveness and ensure employees acquire excellent discernment and know-how.
in the form of handbooks and pocket-sized guides, which are distributed to employees in Japan and overseas.
Questions on SECOM’s Philosophy and the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct are included in our e-learning program, which is provided annually, and employees’ compliance status is reflected in their semiannual performance reviews. An employee who becomes aware of a violation is obliged to submit a report to his or her superior. In addition, we have established a whistle-blowing system. We are currently using IT equipment and taking other steps to promote more strict observance.
Since 2018, we have promoted the Tri-ion initiative, which seeks to ensure that SECOM’s Philosophy fully penetrates every aspect of our operations and to bolster motivation and productivity Groupwide. Through this initiative, we aim to nurture employees who embody SECOM’s Philosophy to foster a stronger corporate culture, ensure a well-established brand and further earn the trust of society.
Employee performance reviews look to impartially evaluate employees’ efforts and support self-realization. Evaluations are based on reports prepared by employees assessing their execution of duties, achievements and areas in need of improvement, and rational assessment categories optimized for each particular job. We use an open, fair format whereby review results are disclosed to employees. In addition, we promote self-actualization through systems designed to assist with career development, including the Self-Reporting System and Challenge Support System, which encourage employees to declare and assists their efforts to realize their own future goals and aspirations.
 Participation in Training Programs
(Hours) 325,000
250,000
175,000
100,000
Hours spent in training (left scale)
243,993
11,461
Participants (right scale)
2019
289,364 15,884
2020
(Number of people)
18,000
12,000
6,000
0
  201,640
  *Scope of reporting: SECOM CO., LTD.
2021
(Years ended March 31)
6,190
SECOM REPORT 2021 41

ESG Initiatives
Advancing Diversity
Recognizing the importance of welcoming a broad spectrum of individuals with wide-ranging ideas to the creation of new value, we actively promote diversity in our labor force, including by advancing career opportunities for female employees. In 2017, we established the Declaration of Promoting Diversity and Inclusions, and assigned diversity and inclusion staff to the Human Resource Department. We currently promote the creation of positive work environments that maximize the capabilities of all employees regardless of gender, nationality, age, physical ability, sexual orientation, or gender identity.
In April 2021, we formulated a new action plan for advancing career opportunities for female employees. We continue working to create positive working environments for women, including by actively fostering female leaders, expanding the scope of jobs available to female employees, taking steps to prevent harassment, and promoting work-life balance.
  Action Plan for Fostering Career Opportunities for Female Employees
Period:
April 1, 2021–March 31, 2026
Objectives:
• Increase the number of female employees at manager level*1 to at least 200 and at supervisor level*2 to at least 400.
*1 Manager level: Corporate headquarters, regional headquarters and regional office manager or higher
*2 Supervisor level: regional headquarters and regional office supervisor
• Expand the scope of jobs available to women and increase the number of female employees by more than 500 from 2,396 in 2016 (the year the previous management plan was formulated).
• To prevent harassment, provide online training for all employees once annually and training for newly appointed regional office general managers at least once.
• Extend the average length of service of female employees by more than one year from 12.2 years in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
• Increase the percentage of annual paid vacation days taken by employees by more than 10% from 53.2% in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
Labor Force by Gender
Executive management Other
Total
*Scope of reporting: SECOM CO., LTD.
Promoting work–life balance
90.3% 79.4% 82.9%
As of March 31, 2021
9.7% 20.6% 17.1%
   Male
  Female
            We view work–life balance, including sufficient physical and mental rest and a fulfilling private life as essential to the ability to approach one’s work with energy and focus. In addition to actively encouraging employees to take annual paid vacation days, we have established vacation and leave systems in line with which we promote ongoing efforts to help employees achieve a balance between their careers and private lives and enhance employee retention.
Flex vacation: Enables employees to take 10 consecutive vacation days annually, in theory at any time during the year Refresh vacation: A two-week vacation available to employees every 10 years
Maternity leave: Available for the six weeks prior to and eight weeks after giving birth; an additional two weeks is available to employees who wish to start their maternity leave earlier
Childcare leave: Can be taken by both female and male employees up until the day before the child’s third birthday Change in working hours/exemption (shorter working hours) for childcare: Available within certain restrictions on request to employees who are pregnant or have children who have not yet entered the second grade of elementary school (exceeds legal requirement, which is children under the age of three)
42 SECOM REPORT 2021

Nursing care leave or change in working hours/ exemption (shorter working hours) for nursing care:
Full leave or adjusted working hours for up to six months (maximum of 186 days) for employees providing nursing care to a family member wishing to return to work full-time after conclusion of nursing care provision
Percentage of Annual Paid Vacation Days Taken by Employees
(%)
SECOM Life Support Program: Allows employees to temporarily change work style and/or location to which they are assigned to provide childcare or nursing care or to accompany a spouse who has been transferred overseas and provides support for long-term career advancement Job Return Program: Enables people who have left employment at SECOM for unavoidable reasons such as childbirth, childcare or nursing care to apply to return to work
70
60
50
58.8
200
150
100
50
Total (left scale)
138
127
154
22
30
Employees Taking Childcare Leave
(Number of people)
(Number of people) 40
    53.3
53.2
Male employees (right scale)
 40 0 2019 2020 2021
*Scope of reporting: SECOM CO., LTD. (Years ended March 31)
Dialogue with employees
We seek to achieve sustainable growth as a strong, flexible organization that is impervious to the impact of social change and the competitive environment. We are thus working to create a virtuous circle, recognizing the importance of enabling employees who share SECOM’s Philosophy to demonstrate their full potential, which helps raise the quality of the services and products we provide, thereby enhancing customer satisfaction and earning the trust of society, which in turn increases employees’ job satisfaction. Since 2016, we have conducted an annual anonymous employee job satisfaction survey. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, the response rate for this survey was 77.9%.
Reflecting our fundamental belief that the growth of our employees is inextricably linked to our prosperity, we signed a union membership qualification agreement with SECOM Lively Union (the SECOM Employee Union Federation), which
20 9 10 10
0 (Years ended March 31)
was established in 1964, and became a union shop, meaning that in principle employees automatically become union members when they are hired. As a consequence, our union membership rate for eligible employees is 100%.
We place a priority on dialogue between labor and management. With the aim of boosting employee morale, building a vibrant and healthy organizational culture and maximizing organizational energy, the management representatives, including the President and Representative Director, meet monthly with SECOM Lively Union to exchange views. Discussions are also held at SECOM Group companies and branches across Japan to address issues such as improving workplace environments and operating procedures and ensuring occupational health and safety. SECOM Lively Union also exchanges views with management through meetings with employees on organizational culture and the SECOM Employee Central Council.
  2019 2020 *Scope of reporting: SECOM CO., LTD.
2021
 SECOM REPORT 2021 43