Governance initiativesRelevant SDGs
Central themes
  Corporate governance
  Information security/data security
Summary
 Independent oversight of management and ensure proper business execution while working to actively disclose information to shareholders and other stakeholders
Promotion of information security through establishment of the SECOM Group Information Security Basic Policy and creating and operating a robust information security systemBasic philosophy
Compliance
Efforts to improve compliance by promoting strict adherence to the SECOM Group Code of Employee Conduct
In line with Japan’s Corporate Governance Code and at the direction of top management, outside members of the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board provide independent oversight of the management team’s performance in a manner that takes into account the interest of stakeholders and ensures the appropriate execution of business activities. We also work actively to disclose information to shareholders and other stakeholders and strengthen our compliance framework.
2010 2020
 With the aim of earning the continued support of our customers, shareholders, clients, employees, local communities and other stakeholders as a company with value that is worthy of trust, we strive to maximize corporate and shareholder value over the medium to long term and recognize the importance of fulfilling our responsibilities as a corporate citizen and achieving sustainable growth and development.
Initiatives to strengthen corporate governance
 Establishment of corporate governance system
Separation of management and execution
Number of directors designated in the Articles of Incorporation
Term of service of directors
Number of directors
Number of auditors
Number of outside directors
Number of outside auditors
Remuneration for/ appointment of directors
1986: Creates SECOM’s Philosophy
2006: Formulates basic rules of management for SECOM Group companies
2010: Establishes the SECOM Group Management Committee 2004: Institutes an executive officer system
1986 2000
         Up to 2004: Maximum of 40 From 2005: Maximum of 20
  Up to 2003: 2 years
From 2004: 1 year From 2004: 10–13
     Up to 2010: 4
From 2003: 3
From 2011: 5
 2013–2015: 2 2016–2019: 3
From 2020: 4
   Up to 2002: 2
   2016: Establishes Nomination and Compensation Committee 2017: Adopts performance-linked remuneration system
   44 SECOM REPORT 2021
2000–2001: 28–29 2002–2003: 22–23
Outline of corporate governance system
We are a company with an Audit & Supervisory Board. The Board of Directors, which includes four outside members, determines overall management and business execution policies and supervises the execution of duties by directors. Executive officers, led by the President and Representative Director, are responsible for business execution. Under our corporate governance system, the Audit & Supervisory Board, which includes three outside members, and the Board of Directors coordinate with the internal audit departments to audit and supervise directors’ and executive officers’
Corporate governance organization
discharge of their duties. We believe that this enables us to conduct independent oversight of management and ensure appropriate business execution.
The Nomination and Compensation Committee has been established as a discretionary committee of the Board of Directors. This committee, which is responsible for presenting candidates for the position of director to the Board of Directors and for ensuring the appropriateness of remuneration for directors, comprises seven directors, four of whom are outside.
  General Meeting of Shareholders
Appointment/dismissal Appointment/dismissal Proposal of candidates for
   Board of Directors
(11 members, four of whom are outside directors)
Authorization/consultation regarding remuneration
Nomination and Compensation Committee
Audit & Supervisory Board
(Five members, three of whom are outside)
 Chairman and Representative Director
   President and Representative Director
Internal audit departments
Legal affairs departments
 Organizational Culture Committee
     Selection/oversight
the position of director
Determination/submission of decisions regarding remuneration
Reporting on important matters
Coordination Enhancement of compliance/internal auditing
Deliberation
Executive Officers
We have adopted an executive officers system, whereby the Board of Directors is responsible for decision making and the executive officers are responsible for business execution. This was done with the aim of strengthening field divisions and enhancing customer service systems by clarifying responsibilities and authority and expediting business execution. We currently have 31 executive officers, six of whom are also directors.
Office of Audit & Supervisory Board: Three employees (Operational, accounting and compliance audits)
Accounting audit
Audit & Supervisory Board
The Audit & Supervisory Board comprises five members, two of whom are full-time and three of whom are outside. In principle, the Audit & Supervisory Board meets monthly. Individuals well-versed in our businesses and internal affairs, as well as in finance and accounting, are appointed to serve as full-time members, while individuals who are independent of the management team, have extensive knowledge of corporate management, legal, financial and other matters and are capable of providing effective oversight and monitoring of the management team, are appointed to serve as outside members.
      Executive Officers
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors comprises 11 directors and in principle meets monthly, with five members of the Audit & Supervisory Board also in attendance. The Board of Directors is responsible for deciding overall management policies and business execution policies, as well as for monitoring the performance of duties by directors, and strives to promote the active exchange of opinions with the aim of ensuring effective and swift decision making. Six of the 11 members are responsible for business execution, with the remaining five members (the founder and the four outside directors) having no involvement.
Audit by independent public accountants
   SECOM REPORT 2021 45

ESG Initiatives
Nomination of candidates for appointment to the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board
In accordance with the policy for appointment set forth by the Board of Directors, candidates for appointment to the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board are decided through deliberation by the Board of Directors. Candidates for the Board of Directors are nominated from among candidates determined through discussion by the Nomination and Compensation Committee, the majority of whom are outside directors. Candidates for the Audit & Supervisory Board are nominated with the agreement of the Audit & Supervisory Board.
Internal audits and cooperation among board members and offices
Audits by Audit & Supervisory Board members
Audit & Supervisory Board members attend important meetings, including those of the Board of Directors, to exchange opinions on overall corporate management, as well as to collect reports on the discharge of duties from directors and other pertinent individuals and conduct audits focused on the possible occurrence of violations of laws, regulations, the Articles of Incorporation and/or shareholders’ interests. The Audit & Supervisory Board also conducts
Principal Activities of Audit & Supervisory Board members in the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2021
audits of our overall business activities, as well as those of subsidiaries and affiliates, in accordance with annual audit plans.
Regular meetings between the President and Representative Director and Audit & Supervisory Board members
Audit & Supervisory Board members hold regular (monthly) meetings with the President and Representative Director, during which they exchange opinions on important management-related issues, including the results of audits, to ensure common understanding.
Meetings between Audit & Supervisory Board members and accounting auditors
Audit & Supervisory Board members meet regularly (six times annually) with the accounting auditors, as well as additional meetings as necessary, for the purpose of exchanging opinions and information. Audit & Supervisory Board members receive explanations and exchange opinions regarding annual audit plans and audit results. If necessary, Audit & Supervisory Board members also act as witnesses during audits conducted by the accounting auditors at remote locations and during audit reviews (16 times in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021).
Collaboration with internal audit and other departments
Audit & Supervisory Board members hold regular (monthly) meetings with the Internal Audit and Compliance Department, during which they receive reports and exchange opinions on the results of internal audits and, as appropriate, receive reports on inspections of subsidiaries from and exchange opinions and information with the Group Governance Department. If necessary, to ensure the efficiency of audits, Audit & Supervisory Board members ask the internal audit departments to conduct investigations.
  Participation in meetings of the Board of Directors
Information sessions with directors and other executives of the parent company, subsidiaries and affiliated companies
100%
63 times
 Participation in meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board
  100%
   Audits conducted by Audit & Supervisory Board members at remote locations
  55 locations
 Outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
 We appoint individuals who have extensive knowledge of corporate management to serve as outside directors, thereby incorporating a broad range of external perspectives not constrained by the internal affairs. We thus have a structure that ensures the transparency and objectivity of management.
We appoint Audit & Supervisory Board members who have a wealth of knowledge of corporate management, legal, financial and other matters (including three outside members, who are essentially independent of the management team). We have also established an auditing organization (including
46 SECOM REPORT 2021

the Office of Audit & Supervisory Board Members) that operates independent of day-to-day operations and a process (including periodic meetings between the President and Representative Director, among others, and the Audit & Supervisory Board members). This ensures that Audit & Supervisory Board members’ objective and neutral opinions are reflected promptly in operations. As a consequence, we believe that we fulfill our responsibility to conduct
independent oversight of management performance in a manner that takes into account the interests of stakeholders.
We appoint outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members on the basis of pertinent requirements set forth in Japan’s Companies Act and the standards concerning independence set forth by financial instruments exchanges.
 Outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
 Name
Takaharu Hirose
Mr. Hirose offers advice and recommendations at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience and insights gained in the foundation and management of multiple enterprises and industry organizations. In addition, he participates in deliberations of the Nomination and Compensation Committee as a member thereof. Through these activities, he performs his supervisory function as an outside director adequately.
Mr. Watanabe offers advice and recommendations at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience and insights gained through his many years of experience in corporate management. In addition, he participates in deliberations of the Nomination and Compensation Committee as a member thereof. Through these activities, he performs his supervisory function as an outside director adequately.
10 10
10 10
—
Principal activities
Attendance at Board of Directors’ meetings
Attendance at Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
       Outside directors
Hirobumi Kawano
Mr. Kawano offers advice and recommendations at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience and insights gained through the holding of important positions in government. In addition, he participates in deliberations of the Nomination and Compensation Committee as a member thereof. Through these activities, he performs his supervisory function as an outside director adequately.
10 10
—
      Hajime Watanabe
—
      Miri Hara
Ms. Hara offers advice and recommendations at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience and insights gained as a corporate officer and a tax accountant. In addition, she participates in deliberations of the Nomination and Compensation Committee as a member thereof. Through these activities, she performs her supervisory function as an outside director adequately.
8 8
—
    Outside
Audit & Supervisory Board members
Hideki Kato
Setsuo Tanaka
Mr. Kato offers advice and recommendations at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience gained through the execution of national policies and insights gained as a result of his accomplishments at a policy think tank. He also asks questions and states opinions to clarify issues.
Mr. Tanaka offers advice and recommendations at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience and insights gained through the holding of important positions in government. He also asks questions and states opinions to clarify issues.
10 11 10 11
10 11 10 11
     Makoto Yasuda
Mr. Yasuda offers advice and recommendations at meetings of the Board of Directors based on experience and insights gained in the management of a global enterprise. He also asks questions and states opinions to clarify issues.
10 10
11 11
          Notes: 1. Information on attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board is for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021.
2. Miri Hara was elected and assumed the position of outside director at the ordinary general meeting of shareholders held on July 25, 2020. Accordingly, the
figures for her attendance are for meetings of the Board of Directors held on or after that date.
  SECOM REPORT 2021 47

ESG Initiatives
Remuneration for directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members
 Remuneration for directors consists of pecuniary remuneration (fixed monthly salary and bonuses) and share-based remuneration (shares with restrictions on transfer). Outside directors receive fixed salary only. The fixed monthly salary portion of pecuniary remuneration paid to directors and the share-based remuneration paid to directors (excluding outside directors) are determined comprehensively in consideration of job responsibilities and years of service, as well as the performance of the Company. Bonuses paid to directors (excluding outside directors) are determined based on consolidated operating profit, a key management target, as
well as on job responsibilities and years of service. The relative proportion of fixed monthly salary, bonuses, and shared-based remuneration paid to directors (excluding outside directors) is approximately 80:15:5.
Remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board members, which comprises pecuniary remuneration only, is determined through discussion involving Audit & Supervisory Board members in amounts commensurate with job responsibilities. Remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board members is set within the maximum limit resolved at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders.
  Position
 Total remuneration (Millions of yen)
Breakdown of total remuneration (Millions of yen)
 Number of entitled individuals
Basic remuneration
Performance-based remuneration
 Nonpecuniary remuneration
 Fixed salary
Stock options
Bonus
 Restricted stock
 Audit & Supervisory Board members (excluding outside members)
 45
45
—
—
—
2
 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
 25
25
—
—
—
3
Remuneration for directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members (Fiscal year ended March 31, 2021)
   Directors (excluding outside directors)
366 293 — 55 17 7
   Outside directors 39 39 — — — 4
Total 476 403 — 55 17 16
Note: The target for consolidated operating profit for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, was ¥124,000 million, while the actual result was ¥136,925 million. (Japanese GAAP)
Philosophy regarding the diversity and size of the Board of Directors
     The Board of Directors consists of internal directors, who are familiar with SECOM’s businesses and have diverse knowledge, and several outside directors with extensive insight in corporate management and other areas. Diversity in terms of gender and international experience is ensured
and the number of members is appropriate to facilitate discussions and resolutions of substance. We will continue working to enhance the effectiveness of the Board of Directors by promoting further diversity and ensuring the appropriate size of the Board.
48 SECOM REPORT 2021

Evaluation of the Board of Directors’ effectiveness
Evaluation process
The effectiveness of the Board of Directors is evaluated annually. In the period under review, a survey was conducted in January 2021 and responses were collated by the Board’s secretariat in early March. Findings were subsequently discussed by the Board.
Summary of findings
Composition of the Board of Directors
The opinion was expressed that the diversity of the Board of Directors and the balance between execution and oversight are suitable and that the Board is an appropriate size to ensure active discussion and swift decision making. While it was acknowledged that the appointment of a female director has improved gender diversity, and that the percentage of outside directors has increased, constructive views were also expressed regarding further diversification of the Board’s composition in terms of gender and other considerations, including the need to promote female directors from within.
Administration of Board of Directors’ Meetings
The Board of Directors meets once monthly in principle to enable swift discussion and resolution of critical matters. To ensure that directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members are able to make appropriate decisions, matters deemed particularly critical are discussed by the Board of Directors prior to resolution and a progress report on those
Status of strategic shareholdings
Policy on shareholdings
The Company may, after comprehensive examination, acquire and/or hold listed shares for the purpose of business participation, collaboration, capital or business tie-up, business incubation, or the maintenance or expansion of transactions involving the Company’s services and products.
matters is made to the Board of Directors subsequent to resolution. In 2021, both outside directors and outside
Audit & Supervisory Board members actively made comments and expressed the opinion that further improvements in the administration of the Board of Directors had been seen since the 2020 survey. Various opinions were also expressed, including that opportunities should be created for free debate, thereby invigorating discussion, as well as for further communication with outside directors.
Oversight function of the Board of Directors
Matters handled by the Board of Directors in 2020 were selected appropriately, based on the Rules of the Board of Directors, and the opinion was expressed that discussions on management policies and corporate philosophy were rigorous. In addition, constructive views were expressed regarding concrete discussions on preparations for a post– COVID-19 world, as well as the progress of discussions— currently being undertaken from a medium- to long-term perspective—on changes in the operating environment and related risks arising from technological innovation and a declining labor force.
Future initiatives
To further enhance corporate value and realize an even more effective Board of Directors, we will continue to promote efforts to improve the Board’s functions based on evaluations and opinions expressed.
Verification of the rationality of shareholdings
The Board of Directors assesses the benefits and risks arising from each holding annually. In addition to confirming the growth potential and profitability of each investee company, giving consideration to status of transactions, financial condition, and operating performance, we comprehensively examine the appropriateness of the holding and determine whether it should be maintained.
  SECOM REPORT 2021 49