Environmental Conservation
 Our Vision
The Company takes into account the impacts our business activities have on the environment and aims to realize a sustainable society by ensuring proper waste disposal and reducing our environmental bur- dens at our stores and during distribution.
Key Themes
Reduction of CO2 emissions in our business processes and recycling of used products SDGs
SDG Targets
Target 4.7: By 2030, ensure that all learners acquire the knowledge and skills needed to promote sustainable development, including, among others, through education for sustainable development and sustainable lifestyles, human rights, gender equality, promotion of a culture of peace and non-violence, global citizen- ship and appreciation of cultural diversity and of culture's contribution to sustain- able development
Target 13.1: Strengthen resilience and adaptive capacity to climate-related haz- ards and natural disasters in all countries
Target 12.5: By 2030, substantially reduce waste generation through prevention, reduction, recycling and reuse
Target 17.17: Encourage and promote effective public, public-private and civil society partner- ships, building on the experience and resourcing strategies of partnerships
     In September 2011 the Company established the AUTOBACS SEVEN Environmental Policy, and promotes environmentally friendly business operations as a fran- chise chain headquarters.
Activities in FY March 2018
1. Product Initiatives (less packaging)
Saving resources by reducing packaging
The volume of packaging, including plastic bags provided at cash registers, used by the AUTOBACS Group in fis- cal 2018 increased 27.5% year on year to 211.7 tons. We continue to seek customer understanding and coopera- tion in reducing the use of plastic bags mainly by asking our customers whether they
require one when they pur- chase our products. We are also continuing to reduce the volume and review the mate- rials used to package our pri- vate brand products.
Volume of Packaging Used at AUTOBACS Chains and Headquarters
  AUTOBACS SEVEN Environmental Policy
AUTOBACS SEVEN is committed to activities with considerations to environmental conservation in carrying out its business activities on sales of automotive related goods, car maintenance and inspections and car sales.
1.The Company will grasp the environment impacts of its business activities to determine the objectives, targets and plans for continu- ous improvement of environmental conserva- tion activities.
2. The Company will comply with laws, regula- tions and other requirements pertaining to the environment.
3. The Company will put priority particularly on the following actions to reduce the relevant envi- ronmental impacts among those arising from its business activities.
(1)Promotion of energy saving practices and reduc- tion of greenhouse gas emissions
(2)Reduction of waste emissions and promotion of 3R activities
(3)Development of environmentally-friendly goods and services and sales promotion of such prod- ucts and services at stores
4. The Company will endeavor to prevent environ- mental pollution.
5. The Company will give education to and raise awareness among all its personnel so that they will proactively address the environmental and social issues in an attempt to build a sustainable society with harmony between people and cars.
 (t) 350
280 210 140
70 0
321.0
FY March 2013
 1.8
114.7
99.2
105.3
287.2
FY March 2014
262.4
FY March 2015
2.6
122.9
69.0
92.7
2.7
123.6
58.1
78
201.2 1.7 107.8
34.6
57.1
FY March 2016
211.7
FY March 2018
  153.3 1.3 103.8
15.5
32.6
FY March 2017
1.0
99.8
47.4
63.5
   Product Packaging (plastics) Product Packaging (paper)
Stores (plastic bags) Stores (paper)
 37 AUTOBACS SEVEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2018
2. Recycling Car Freshener Packaging
Collecting and reusing
Since October 2017 we have been collecting empty car freshener products that we sell in Japan. Part of
 the packaging is recycled and made into road safety reflectors.
This project is composed
of the Company, Febreze
deodorizer and air fresh-
ener manufacturer Proctor
& Gamble, and TerraCycle
Japan, a firm that provides assistance to corporate recy- cling activities, and leverages the respective strengths in cooperation. The reflectors are donated to local elemen- tary schools and associations that promote road safety.
3. Recycling Used Tires
Manufacturing and consumption responsibility
Every year in Japan there are around 100 million used tires, the equivalent of one million tons. The used tires we collect from customers at AUTOBACS stores are shred- ded into small chips by waste disposal companies and recycled as fuel mainly at cement plants and paper mills (91% of used tires in Japan are recycled).
4. Mt. Fuji Cleanup Activities
Environmental conservation activities with various stakeholders
Mt. Fuji is registered on the World Heritage List. However, the foothills of the mountain unfortunately see a lot of unauthorized dumping of rubbish, including many tires. Every year we take part in a cleanup operation with the NPO Fujisan Club. In fiscal 2018, 41 volunteers partici- pated in the 17th cleanup.
5. Reduction of CO2 Emissions
Electric vehicle charging stations
We have installed electric vehicle charging stations at 102 AUTOBACS Group stores (as of March 31, 2018). On top of enhancing convenience for our EV and PHV custom- ers, we aim to contribute to a sustainable society where humans and cars are in harmony with the environment by promoting environmental conservation activities across the entire Group.
Initiatives in distribution
When transporting products not requiring express deliv- ery, we make use of rail freight containers instead of trucks to reduce CO2 emissions. We also utilize reusable folding containers in various sizes to deliver products to stores in an effort to reduce waste in the form of card- board boxes.
Reducing CO2 emissions with mega solar projects
In 2013 we installed solar power generation panels using areas of the roof and other unused sections of our West Japan Logistics Center (Miki City, Hyogo Prefecture). This initiative reduces our emissions of CO2. Total power gen- erated in fiscal 2018 was approximately 1.4 million kWh.
6. Addressing Food Waste with
Donations of Emergency Food
Provisions
In addition to securing emer-
gency provisions for employ-
ees in preparation for the
possibility of a large-scale
disaster, we donate food
and drink yet to expire to the
NPO Second Harvest Japan,
which runs food banking
operations. We also participate in the Kyu-Can-Cho Project. This project involves the collection of emergency ration canned bread stored before its expiry date and the subse- quent delivery to famine-stricken regions around the world as part of charity goods. We will continue to implement these initiatives given that they solve food waste and environmen- tal issues, and also contribute to lower disposal costs.
      September 10, 2017 Activity Report
The morning session took place in Aokigahara forest. A lot of old rubbish had been thrown on to the banks of the road and in some cases, wedged deep into molten rock forma- tions, a topographical feature of the area. Rubbish was col- lected from the roadside inclines in bags and loaded onto a truck. All up, 460kg of rubbish was collected.
The afternoon session involved cleaning at the NPO Morinogakkou. Based on the desire to do something useful for Fujisan Club leveraging the strengths of the AUTOBACS Group, we washed the vehicles owned by Fujisan Club,
cut the grass at Morinogakkou, and cleaned their windows.
  AUTOBACS SEVEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2018 38