HR Development and Work-style Reforms
 Our Vision
As a company that solves the issues of local communities through our business operations, we focus on nurturing personnel that possess expert knowledge and know-how. We recognize human resources to be the source of value we provide to society and we continually seek to enrich our workplaces so each and every employee can remain healthy and safe.
Key Themes
Fostering the corporate culture where diversified human resources can work comfortably.
SDG Targets
Target 5.5: Ensure women's full and effective participation and equal opportunities for leadership at all levels of decision-making in political, economic and public life
Target 8.5: By 2030, achieve full and productive employment and decent work for all women and men, including for young people and persons with disabilities, and equal pay for work of equal value
    Number of Annual Group Training Sessions Implemented
Activities in FY March 2018
1. Educational Training to Enhance Strength of
Human Resources at AUTOBACS Chain Stores
For the purpose of improving the value the AUTOBACS chain delivers to cus- tomers, we have put in place more than thirty stratified educations and training systems for mainly store staff. We offer a multitude of different group train- ing sessions on topics such as leadership, sales skill improvement, or wheels and undercarriage, and with a total of 91 sessions held in fiscal 2018, together with e-learning and other initiatives like OJT at stores, we hope to see signif- icant benefits. We are also striving to enhance the quality of in-store services by boosting staff knowledge, technical skills, and motivation, with an assess- ment system linked to our internal Group qualifications, such as Car Lifestyle Advisor and Car Lifestyle Consultant. We also focus on training that assists employees in acquiring automobile mechanic, automobile inspector, or other public licenses, and we are seeing a steady increase in the number of quali- fied employees.
2. Career Support
Based on the concept that “employees build their own careers by them- selves,” at AUTOBACS we have a number of schemes to support the career formation of employees.
Career rotations and skill enhancements
Our personnel system is based on a combination of job rotations and the enhancement of skill levels every few years so that all employees can accu- mulate knowledge and experience. We have also established an internal job posting and free agent system and implemented personnel movement within the Company. Under this system, employees who meet certain conditions can aspire to work in a position they have set their sights on. Moreover, we have established a course for specialist workers which takes into account the orien- tation and aptitude of each and every employee and assists their career forma- tion in line with individual characteristics and aspirations.
91
sessions (FY March 2018) Number of Qualified Car Lifestyle Advisors
8,560people (as of March 31, 2018)
Number of Nationally Accredited Automobile Mechanics
3,745
people (as of March 31, 2018) Number of Automobile Inspectors
1,583
people (as of March 31, 2018)
  39 AUTOBACS SEVEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2018
      Utilization of Telecommuting and Satellite Offices
Personnel development program
We have in place a so-called “cafeteria plan” through which employees can choose to take any of the roughly 160 courses offered by external organiza- tions. Some courses are offered in the form of correspondence learning, or public seminars, while others promise public qualification. The plan assists the voluntary career development of our employees and we provide mone- tary assistance with subsidies up to ¥100,000 per person per year. So far, 978 employees have utilized this plan. As an incentive for skills development, we also provide a bonus to employees that have acquired certain public qualifica- tions designated by the Company.
Internship
Our summer internship program was held ten times for three days at a time and offers students that are beginning to choose potential employers a chance to work on-site in a variety of job roles, visit our facilities, and participate in various workshops so that they can be convinced when making decisions. This program gives us the opportunity to hear the opinions of the younger, next-generation, while students get the chance to start thinking about their future career paths.
3. Work-style Reforms
In addition to promoting the creation of a workplace where each and every employee can work safely and remain healthy, we are working to establish an environment in which our employees can feel enriched, fulfilled, and safe at work.
Supporting various working styles
In the midst of mounting societal demands to tackle issues such as an age- ing society, work-life balance, and globalization, we are implementing a number of initiatives to provide various work-style options to employees with the goal of establishing an environment in which our employees can work energetically. Such options include shorter working hours, half-day paid leave, telecommuting (with no limitations on frequency or reason), satellite office-based work, stag- gered starting times, and the enhancement of ICT-based communication tools.
Kids visiting day
Since August 2015 we have hosted a kids visiting day every year. This event affords a rare opportunity for chil-
dren to see their parents at work
and not only deepens their under-
747
days (FY March 2018) Number of Employees
Total
Working Shorter Hours
31people (FY March 2018) Total Participants (children)
  95people (FY March 2015-2018)
 standing of what their parents do for a living, but aims to encourage employees to think about their work and family life.
In fiscal year 2018, 37 mainly elementary school students had fun taking part in a road safety quiz, cash register roleplaying, and Company facility tour.
Children learning about campervans
AUTOBACS SEVEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2018 40

 HR Development and Work-style Reforms
   Female Manager Ratio (section chief or higher)
4. Promoting Diversity
Making AUTOBACS an easier place for women to work
The Company believes that “an easier place to work for women is a better place for everyone.” To this end, we are endeavoring to establish a workplace environment where women can easily return to work following various life events such as marriage, childbirth, and child-rearing.
Initiatives for fostering female executives
The Company actively hires and devel-
ops female employees. We have partly
launched a mentoring system for
female employees and as part of our
career development activities, we host
an interactive workshop for female
executives and regular employees. In
addition, as part of efforts to create a
workplace culture where women can thrive, we implement a program regard- ing diversity acceptance in our management trainings. We also provide individ- ual counselling on work and home life compatibility and career formation.
2.3
 % (as of March 31, 2018)
  Female president of overseas subsidiary
Agnès Darnac, the president of our con- solidated subsidiary AUTOBACS FRANCE S.A.S., is a female executive with a wealth of knowledge in finance, labor services, and business affairs. She stresses the impor- tance of internal communication and is con- tributing to the increase in female and family customers at AUTOBACS stores in France.
President Darnac (pictured left)
   Ratio of Female Employees Returning to Work After Maternity and Childcare Leave
A workplace where employees can keep working after maternity and childcare leave
At the Company we have many female employees of parenting generation that emphasize the importance of both family and career, and 100% of them return to work after maternity and childcare leave. We attribute this to various initia- tives, such as a longer timeframe during which employees with children (up to sixth year at elementary school) can work shorter hours, as well as the imple- mentation of the “Female Tasks” career assistance project.
Creating a workplace full of diversity
In the globally expanding businesses of the AUTOBACS Group, there are more and more opportunities for foreign employees, both in Japan and over- seas. As part of our hiring of disabled persons, we are also working hard to create an environment in which people with disabilities can find it easy to work by establishing a system that offers a choice of flexible working styles.
100
%
  Hiring of Foreigners (AUTOBACS SEVEN only)
13people (as of March 31, 2018)
Hiring of Disabled Persons (AUTOBACS SEVEN only)
 15
people (as of March 31, 2018) *Legally mandated quota is 2.2%
Re-employment of employees older than 60
39people (as of March 31, 2018)
41 AUTOBACS SEVEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2018

   Ratio of Annual Paid Leave Used
39.1
% (FY March 2018)
Comment from male employee that took childcare leave
At first, I was certainly hesitant about male employees taking long-term childcare leave. But through actually going on childcare leave, experi- encing housework and childcare on a daily basis, and having more opportunities to interact with my local community, I came to understand what is involved in raising a child rather than just having an idea about it. Nothing can replace the special time I spent with my child and family during that period.
I also think the period of childcare leave gives
an opportunity to grow as a person. Obviously, I was unable to directly contribute to company results during the period of childcare, but because of the experiences and broader perspectives I gained during that time, I think I have a better awareness of what is required to work more efficiently. Up ahead, I hope to contribute to the Company by providing support to employees thinking about taking childcare leave just like I did.
Hiroki Sakayama
(AUTOBACS Pasar Miyoshi, as of 2018)
    Number of Health Management Training Sessions and Seminars
5. Health Initiatives
We focus on health-promoting initiatives based on our statement on health, which declares that we recognize health is the utmost management founda- tion indispensable for our broad-ranging corporate activities. We aim to be a company that contributes widely to society by promoting “healthy manage- ment” to foster human resources with a strong awareness of what it means to be healthy, both physically and mentally.
Health management training
If an employee is found to have a life-
style disease-related condition at their
periodic health examination, they
must follow the instructions of the
occupational physician and undergo
dietary and exercise training in order
to improve their health condition.
Depending on the severity of their
health condition, improvement mea-
sures will be separately prescribed,
while follow-up examinations will also continue for a certain period.
Mental healthcare, health counselling
Every year all employees at the Company undergo a mental health check per- formed by external experts for the purpose of mental care. We also have in place a system whereby employees can seek counselling at a designated insti- tution and our occupational physician provides regular health consultation and mental health counselling sessions.
DBJ Employees’ Health Management Rating
Our health initiatives have been rated the highest (rank A) under the DBJ Employees’ Health Management Rating, which is used by the Development Bank of Japan to determine lending terms.
26
 times (FY March 2018)
Health management training
  Ratio of Employees Undergoing Health Examinations
99.8
% (FY March 2018)
   AUTOBACS SEVEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2018 42