Community and Society
 Our Vision
We see cars as more than just a form of transport; they support the affluent lifestyles of people and serve as their partner providing fulfillment. Car-centric lifestyles will continue to generate safe, secure, and fun situations for everyone.
Key Themes
Aiding the development of the next generation and contributing to safe and secure social infrastructure
SDG Targets
Target 3.6: By 2020, halve the number of global deaths and injuries from road traffic accidents
Target 11.3: By 2030, enhance inclusive and sustainable urbanization and capacity for participatory, integrated and sustain- able human settlement planning and man- agement in all countries
Target 4.7: By 2030, ensure that all learners acquire the knowledge and skills needed to promote sustainable development, including, among others, through education for sustainable development and sustainable lifestyles, human rights, gender equality, promotion of a culture of peace and non-violence, global citizen- ship and appreciation of cultural diversity and of culture's contribution to sustain- able development
Target 17.17: Encourage and promote effective public, public-private and civil society partnerships, building on the experience and resourcing strategies of partnerships
    Activities in Fiscal 2018 1. ARTA School Visits
Communicating the appeal of motorsports and the challenge to the dreams to children In fiscal 2018, in cooperation
between the Company and
ARTA (AUTOBACS RACING
TEAM AGURI), a team driver
and engineer visited elemen-
tary schools in Suzuka, Mie
Prefecture and Haga, Tochigi
Prefecture, as well as a vocational school in Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture to talk about the joys, rigors, and importance of holding a dream. These interactions not only stimulate an interest in motorsports and racing cars, but they also aim to spark the first step towards realizing future dreams of chil- dren and students.
2. Junior High and
High School Student Visits
As a company with roots in the community, we accept student visits from neighboring junior high and high schools to some of our stores, and to our east and west Japan logistics centers respectively located in Ichikawa, Chiba Prefecture and Miki, Hyogo Prefecture. As part of their career education, the students get to feel firsthand the teamwork that takes place at our stores and actually experience behind-the-scenes logistics operations along- side our employees.
3. Supporting Development of the
Next Generation Children
Kodomobacs
Our in-store event “Kodomobacs”
gives children the chance to try
their hand at a number of activ-
ities, including a working experi-
ence at service bays where they
get to wear AUTOBACS overalls
and change a car tire, taking sou-
venir photographs wearing a car
racing suit, and decorating cars
with drawings. The purpose of this event is to have children interact with our employees to cultivate a view of occupa- tion, and also have them experience the appeal of making a living together with cars, the wonderful life partner.
KidZania
As an official sponsor
of KidZania, a small city
where kids can have
fun role-playing jobs and
learning about how soci-
ety works, AUTOBACS
runs Car Lifestyle Support
Center pavilions at both
KidZania Tokyo and KidZania Koshien. Through their expe- riences at our pavilions, our goal is to have kids learn how fun it is to work with cars, gain an understanding of car safety and mechanisms, and contribute to a safe motor- ized society in the future.
      43 AUTOBACS SEVEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2018
  4. Assisting Student “Monozukuri” Design
Supporting the Student Formula Japan competition
As an official competi-
tion sponsor, AUTOBACS
has participated in the
Student Formula Japan,
“Monozukuri (manufactur-
ing)” design competition
where students them-
selves plan, design, and
build vehicles to compete “comprehensive capability of Monozukuri” since fiscal 2015 and provided support to the contesting teams. In fiscal 2018 we supported five teams by providing racing suits, shoes, and other items. We also invited the team members to a SUPER GT race, which AUTOBACS sponsors, as part of our efforts to con- tribute to the sustainable development of car culture by giving the students a professional trackside experience.
5. Relief Activities through Our Products
Providing aid to Bangladeshi children through our products
We donate a percentage of sales
from our private brand product
“AQ. Disposable Cotton Cloth (1kg)” to a project coordinated by the NGO Plan International Japan, which aims to improve the living environment of chil- dren in Bangladesh.
This environmentally friendly
product is produced using off-
cuts from cotton t-shirts that would normally be thrown away. This project was launched in July 2017 with the objective of providing aid to children in Bangladesh where the product is made.
6. Providing Assistance During
Natural Disasters
Following the torrential
rain and flooding in north-
ern Kyushu in July 2017,
we placed money boxes
at all our AUTOBACS
Group stores nation-
wide to collect dona-
tions for the Japan Red
Cross Society. We also coordinated with the Japan Car Sharing Association to assist in the transportation of 11 vehicles stationed in Ishinomaki, Miyagi Prefecture to four disaster-hit regions (one area in Toho Village and three in Asakura City) in Fukuoka Prefecture so they can be used
as car sharing vehicles for victims of the disaster and relief organizations. We also carried out safety inspections, maintenance, and tire changes required on these vehicles in the disaster regions.
7. Aid Stations for People Stranded
During Disasters
We have entered into agree-
ments with local govern-
ments to let our stores (345
as of June 30, 2018) be
used as aid stations during
times of disasters to help
people stranded get back
home by providing running
water and toilets, maps and
traffic information, and infor-
mation about road closures obtained via radio announce- ments and the like.
8. Community Interaction
and Health Promotion
Contributing to community interaction and a healthy society through sports With the goal of social
contribution by helping
to promote health and
revitalize regional com-
munities, every year in
July we participate as
the main sponsor in the
“AUTOBACS Presents
Runners 24 Hours Relay Marathon,” hosted by the R-Bies Sports Foundations at the two locations of Fujihokuroku Park in Yamanashi Prefecture and Maishima Sports Island in Osaka Prefecture. Through this event, we aim to be a corporation that makes broad contributions to soci- ety by helping to foster human resources with a strong awareness of what it means to be healthy, both physically and mentally. Our employees and franchisee company employees take part in the event as runners or volunteers.
         AUTOBACS SEVEN Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2018 44