 Our Strategy
Growth Strategy Business Overview
KAKEN’s business is divided into the pharmaceuticals and real estate segments. The pharmaceuticals segment consists of pharmaceutical products and medical devices, primarily in the fields of dermatology and orthopedics, as well as agrochemicals, in which we provide highly safe agrochemicals, feed additives and other products. The real estate segment supports the pharmaceuticals segment as a source of stable revenue.
Business Strategies
Research and Development
As part of its efforts to put its corporate philosophy into practice, KAKEN conducts research and development to continuously discover and develop innovative new drugs that offer true value for patients. We focus on R&D fields where we can best utilize our
Growth Strategy
Products under Development (As of June 2021)
In FY2020, we launched Ecclock Gel 5%, the first topical treatment in Japan for primary axillary hyperhidrosis, and expanded sales of Clenafin, an onychomycosis treatment, in overseas markets. Sales and profit declined from the previous year because of various factors, including market contraction and fewer patient visits to medical facilities due to the COVID-19 pandemic, NHI drug price revisions, and a decrease in overseas sales.
experience, technologies and foundations—namely, the immune system, the nervous system and infectious diseases—while exploring new fields and new modalities with an eye to the future.
Development Code
KMW-1 KAR
(Ivermectin)
KP-607 BBI-4000
Planned Indication Removal of eschar
Head lice
Onychomycosis
Primary palmoplantar hyperhidrosis
Development Stage
We will promote innovation to steadily create distinctive and innovative new drugs that are easier for patients to use.
In- and out-licensing activities where we can apply our strengths lead to new alliances, creating a virtuous cycle that contributes to the sustainable growth of the Company.
Motonori Miyakawa, Ph.D.
General Manager of Business Development Department
Mitsuru Watanuki
General Manager of R&D Division
As a pharmaceutical manufacturer, KAKEN utilizes the technologies it has developed throughout its long history as well as its distinguished R&D staff to advance research and development aimed at continually developing distinctive new drugs. In recent years, we have been working to sharpen our expertise and introduce the latest technologies and knowledge in various ways. For example, we are utilizing outsourcing to conduct R&D more efficiently, and have expanded and integrated our R&D infrastructure to tackle new research fields. In addition, we are dispatching our researchers to research institutions in Japan and abroad.
Topical onychomycosis treatment KP-607 is currently in Phase II clinical trials. We are also energetically conducting in-house drug discovery with multiple projects in the preclinical and discovery stages.
To enhance our development pipeline, in parallel with our in-house drug discovery, we actively engage in collaborative research and development with other pharmaceutical companies and research institutions in Japan and overseas, as well as in-licensing of products under development. In FY2020, we obtained approval for primary axillary hyperhidrosis treatment
BBI-4000 (in-licensed from Brickell Biotech, Inc. of the United States), and launched it as Ecclock Gel 5%. A Phase I clinical trial for an additional indication is now under way. KMW-1 (in-licensed from MediWound Ltd. of Israel), an eschar-specific removal agent that was designated an orphan drug in Japan, is currently awaiting approval. In addition, we are preparing Phase III clinical trials for Ivermectin Lotion, 0.5% (in-licensed from Arbor Pharmaceuticals, LLC. of the United States) for the treatment of head lice. In the discovery research stage, we are advancing new modalities in drug discovery with Numab Therapeutics AG of Switzerland, which has a multispecific antibody technology platform.
Going forward, we will make use of AI and big data in drug discovery and other areas, step up external collaboration, and actively utilize clinical trial simulations and real-world data to increase our speed and success rate, the greatest challenge in new drug development. Moreover, collaboration among our drug discovery, clinical development and medical affairs operations will allow us to identify medical needs at an early stage and create a steady stream of distinctive new drugs that are easier for patients to use.
To deliver onychomycosis treatment Clenafin to patients around the world, we have out-licensed it to partner companies in North America and in Asia. Recently, we also selected a partner company (Almirall, S.A.) in Europe, and are steadily expanding our collaborative network. We will continue to seek alliances with new partners and strengthen relationships with existing partners to maximize the value of Clenafin.
Clenafin’s success has significantly boosted KAKEN’s name recognition and presence in dermatology. An increasing number of domestic and overseas companies have approached us about potential partnerships, which may be a ripple effect of Clenafin’s performance. We will take advantage of this opportunity to pursue in-licensing and out-licensing agreements that contribute to KAKEN’s sustainable growth.
Recent In- and Out-Licensing Results
■Out-licensing ■In-licensing
Out-licensing of onychomycosis treatment Clenafin to Asian countries and Europe
Initiated efforts to out-license primary axillary hyperhidrosis treatment Ecclock in Asia
We are expanding the scope of our search for in-licensing opportunities, which had been centered on small molecule drugs, to other modalities, and are seeking alliance opportunities. As we broaden our view from dermatology and orthopedics to disease areas associated with those fields, we are looking for products that we can in-license for delivery to patients around the world as well as in Japan.
Regarding out-licensing, we have initiated efforts to out-license primary axillary hyperhidrosis treatment Ecclock in the main countries of Asia, and have been approached by numerous interested pharmaceutical companies in the region. We are now working to develop Ecclock into a product that will contribute to our overseas growth as the next strategic product after Clenafin. In addition, we are focusing on overseas expansion of in-house products Fiblast, a wound-healing agent, and Regroth Dental Kit, a medicinal product for periodontal regeneration.
In-licensing of a multispecific antibody for atopic dermatitis from Numab Therapeutics AG of Switzerland
In-licensing of Ivermectin Lotion, 0.5%,
a treatment for head lice, from Arbor Pharmaceuticals, LLC. of the United States
In-licensing of Lenabasum, a treatment for systemic sclerosis and dermatomyositis, from Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. of the United States
16 KAKEN Corporate Report 2021
KAKEN Corporate Report 2021 17
Business Development
The Business Development Department seeks new in-licensing and out-licensing opportunities that will contribute to KAKEN’s sustainable growth, and is working to strengthen relationships with existing partner companies. In recent years, we have set dermatology and orthopedics as our focus fields, and signed an in-licensing agreement with Numab
Growth Strategy
Therapeutics AG for a novel multispecific antibody for treatment of atopic dermatitis; a co-promotion agreement with Mochida Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. for osteoporosis treatment Teriparatide BS; and a license and distribution agreement with Almirall, S.A. of Spain for topical onychomycosis treatment Clenafin in Europe.
PhaseI Awaiting Approval
Phase II
Phase III
Application
Approval
Phase III Phase II PhaseI
Preparation
Marketing & Sales Division
To ensure that the prescription pharmaceuticals and medical devices sold by KAKEN are used properly, medical representatives (MRs) provide medical professionals with proper usage information. While providing information, MRs also collect information related to product safety and suggestions for product improvement, and share this information within the Company. These efforts lead to information provision
Growth Strategy
and product improvements that meet the needs of medical professionals. In recent years, pharmaceutical companies have been required to provide high value-added information under greater time constraints due to the introduction of guidelines for ethical drug detailing activities, reform of medical professional work-styles, and the COVID-19 pandemic.
Agrochemicals
We conduct integrated operations for agrochemicals, feed additives and veterinary drugs, from research and development to sales and marketing. For agrochemicals, our development and marketing operations both in Japan and overseas focus on original products such as polyoxins, which are fungicides, and Pentoxazone, a
Growth Strategy
Demand for food continues to increase in tandem with global population growth, increasing the importance of agriculture as the foundation of food supply. The role of agrochemicals, which are indispensable to agricultural production, is likely to grow. At the same time, strategic initiatives to realize sustainable societies and reduce environmental impact are under way in Japan and around the world. Among them are the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the Strategy for Sustainable Food Systems (MeaDRI) in Japan, and the Farm to Fork Strategy in the EU. These initiatives call for environmentally friendly farming. Given such trends, we foresee a
Product Line-Up
We have developed and market polyoxin fungicides and the paddy rice herbicides Pentoxazone and Metamifop. Polyoxins exhibit a unique mechanism of action called chitin synthesis inhibition, and have been well accepted by farmers both in and outside Japan for more than 50 years as fungicides with little impact on humans, animals or the environment. Pentoxazone has excellent herbicidal effects on annual weeds in rice paddies, making it an indispensable ingredient for this
rice herbicide. To enable sustainable agriculture in harmony with nature, we supply eco-friendly, low- residue products that have a low impact on humans, animals and the environment. In this way, our products help contribute to food safety and security.
further increase in needs and expectations for agriculture that is friendly to humans, animals and the environment. To support sustainable agriculture in harmony with nature, we have established a growth strategy based on two pillars: development of agrochemicals that have low impact on humans, animals and the environment, and fermentative production, which can reduce chemical substance waste and energy consumption. By actively researching, developing and commercializing these products and technologies, we will contribute to food safety and security.
form of rice cultivation. Metamifop is highly effective against many weeds of the Gramineae family, including barnyard grass of high leaf age, and is therefore expected to enable more efficient weed control in paddy fields.
In feed additives and veterinary drugs, we support livestock farmers by marketing Salinomycin, an anticoccidial feed additive for chickens, and Uroston, a drug for cattle.
   “All for the Patients!”
Each of us works for patients with a single purpose—to make patients smile!
Chief Officer of Marketing & Sales Division
  Tomoyuki Koseki
To ensure that the prescription pharmaceuticals and medical devices we sell are used properly, we provide medical information mainly through three groups: Marketing & Sales, Marketing & Scientific Information and Distribution. In the Marketing & Sales Group, MRs provide medical professionals with proper usage information. While doing so, MRs also collect information related to product safety and suggestions for product improvement and share this information within the Company. These efforts lead to information provision and product improvements that meet the needs of medical professionals. Due to the spread of COVID-19 since last year, pharmaceutical companies have been required to provide high value-added information under greater time constraints. In response to the rapidly changing business environment, we are taking various measures to improve the quality and speed of our information provision, including utilizing digital tools and restructuring our division.
The healthcare industry in Japan is undergoing major changes. In step with the move toward functional differentiation and cooperation among medical institutions, new roles are required to support the integrated care system in community healthcare. Going forward, our MRs will serve as liaisons with community healthcare players that support patients, providing information about medicines from viewpoints such as health economics, safety and adherence in order to achieve continuing care that improves patients’ quality of life.
We want to create an organization in which each MR not only has product knowledge, but also in-depth knowledge of related medical information, and always considers options from a patient-first perspective. To further build our presence in dermatology and orthopedics, the fields of our mainstay become an essential company in community healthcare, we will continue to provide even higher-quality information with a focus on the needs of patients.
   We help improve patients’ quality of life by providing relevant information on medicines and healthcare.
Rie Nozaki
Marketing & Scientific Information Group Manager, Marketing & Sales Department, Marketing & Sales Division
 In the Marketing & Scientific Information Group, we work every day to promote and maximize the value of products by ensuring that the information we provide is optimal, efficient and takes into account the product’s unique characteristics.
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ways in which medical professionals obtain information have diversified. We are responding to their needs by swiftly ramping up our use of multiple channels of communication. In addition to conveying information through our website, we are making changes such as
using the industry’s most advanced virtual reality technology to provide information, and developing a patient adherence app.
While we are carrying out digital transformation, we believe that when all is said and done, providing detailed information face-to-face is essential. That’s why we are also focusing on helping MRs acquire not only in-depth product knowledge, but also in-depth knowledge of related healthcare information and other matters, so that medical professionals will recognize them as partners in healthcare.
  18 KAKEN Corporate Report 2021
KAKEN Corporate Report 2021 19