The Foundation for Creating Value
  Environmental Management
  Proper Management of Waste and Wastewater
  KAKEN Basic Environmental Philosophy
KAKEN Basic Environmental Policy Establish and maintain an environmental
4
Develop eco-friendly products and technologies
As we develop products, we shall work actively to protect the environment. We shall consider the environmental impact of our products over their lifecycles, from research and development, production, sales and distribution to end-of-use/end-of-life (EOU/EOL).
The generation of waste is unavoidable in the manufacturing of products from raw materials. However, the development of a circular economy requires that the generation of waste that ends up as final landfill disposal be reduced to the greatest extent possible. To this end, the Shizuoka site and the Drug Research Center in Kyoto act in accordance with the Basic Act on Establishing a Sound Material-Cycle Society and is actively practicing the 4Rs (refuse, reduce, reuse and recycle).
In FY2020, the total amount of waste generated by the Shizuoka site was 544 tons. Of this, 42% was sludge
Efficient Use of Water Resources
The Shizuoka site benefits from abundant water resources from the nearby Oi River, but the possibility of a shortage of water resources in the future due to climate change and other factors is also a concern. The Shizuoka site, which includes a factory, switched its water pump to an inverter type to enable fine adjustments in the amount of groundwater drawn. Through this and other steps,
produced during the treatment of wastewater and residues from fermentation processes (animal and plant residues). The entire amount of sludge and residues generated was used as composting and related materials. We are also working to recycle other wastes and collected 34 tons of valuable materials (accounting for 11% of total other wastes). The amount of final landfill disposal was 18 tons. Going forward, we will continue to conduct activities promoting the reduction and recycling of waste.
such as stopping unnecessary drawing of well water, the site is working to use water resources more efficiently.
We will continue to promote efficient use of water resources from the standpoint of business sustainability.
 1 management system
We shall establish an environmental management system and take initiatives to protect the environment. Led by our Environmental Committee and Environmental Measures Task Force, these initiatives shall be systematic and continuous.
2 Comply with environmental laws and regulations
We shall comply with environmental laws and regulations at the national and local levels. We shall further establish independent standards as we strive to protect the environment.
3 Reduce environmental burden
We shall set concrete targets for all aspects of our business activities and practice the 3Rs (reduce, reuse and recycle). Aiming for continuous improvement, we shall periodically revise our targets with respect to climate change, waste and chemical emissions.
Materials Balance of Business Activities
At the Shizuoka site and the Drug Research Center in Kyoto, each and every employee recognizes input and output that place burden on the environment during the
5 Cooperate with local communities
As a corporate citizen, we shall work with local communities to protect the environment. We shall also disclose environmental information and work for mutual understanding with those communities.
6 Raise environmental awareness
We shall provide environmental training and information to all executives and employees to raise their awareness about environmental protection.
course of business activities ranging from research and development to production and office activities, and is working to reduce environmental pollution.
OUTPUT
Reduction of CO2 Emissions and Energy Saving
   We participate in the Commitment to a Low-Carbon Society, a plan that the Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers’ Associations of Japan helped to create, and have worked toward achievement of the federation’s target of reducing Japan’s pharmaceutical industry CO2 emissions in FY2020 by 23% compared with emissions in FY2005. At the Shizuoka site, which consumes the most energy of any of our sites, we are taking proactive
Supply of Eco-Friendly Agrochemicals
Polyoxins, which are agricultural fungicides, are safe for humans and animals, and are a natural substances confirmed to be broken down easily by water, light and microorganisms, and present no risk of being long-term residues. As such, they are eco-friendly agrochemicals. Because they use natural materials as their principal raw materials, fermentatively produced polyoxins help to reduce environmental burden in manufacturing as well. Compared with conventional chemically synthesized agrochemicals, producing polyoxins uses a smaller amount of petrochemical raw materials and generates a smaller amount of waste chemical substances. Currently, our polyoxins are sold in 17 countries, and we are conducting development so that these environmentally friendly products can be supplied to more countries.
measures such as installing high-efficiency equipment, and are carrying out ongoing energy-saving activities.
At the Kyoto site, Head Office and branch offices, we are taking various measures to reduce electricity consumption, including replacing fluorescent lights with LED lights and installing heat pumps in air conditioning systems. As a result of the success of these measures, we exceeded the aforementioned CO2 reduction target.
 Business Activities
 R&D activities
Production activities
  Office activities
     INPUT
Note: Materials balance data shown is the total amounts for FY2020.
34 KAKEN Corporate Report 2021
KAKEN Corporate Report 2021 35