The Foundation for Creating Value
  Human Resource Strategy
Job Creation, Worker Retention and Diversity
Occupational Safety and Health
Based on the Regulations for Safety and Health Management, which are aimed at preventing occupational accidents and illnesses and creating a comfortable work environment, we hold Safety and Health Committee meetings on a monthly basis at all offices and other workplaces. We work to eliminate occupational accidents by implementing safety inspections and remedial measures at each facility and workplace. We also actively work to improve the work environment by conducting regular questionnaire surveys of our employees.
At the Shizuoka site, health supervisors strive to ensure occupational health and safety through efforts such as holding regular meetings, formulating annual health plans, and conducting tours and onsite inspections of workplaces and work environments. Furthermore, in conjunction with the safety and health week, the site holds various lectures jointly with the employee health insurance association, and conducts activities to promote awareness of safety and physical and mental health issues.
    Engagement with Employees
Creation of a Workplace Free from Discrimination and Harassment
  In order to create a work environment in which all employees are highly motivated, we believe it is important to respond flexibly to and constantly evolve new working styles in light of legal reforms. In addition,
we are implementing diversity management and work-style reforms, including promotion of women’s participation and advancement.
The Company is obligated to provide all employees with equal employment opportunities based on employment agreements and a comfortable work environment that is free from issues including discrimination, abuse of authority, sexual harassment and pregnancy discrimination.
We work to enhance awareness of the prevention of discrimination and harassment among all employees
through means such as the Rules of Employment, Regulations for Rewards and Punishments, the Compliance Guidebook, information meetings for employees in managerial positions, and regular postings and education via the in-house intranet. We also keep employees informed of internal consultation channels.
 ■ Enabling Work-Life Balance
As part of efforts to create worker-friendly environments where employees can work efficiently, in December 2020 we adopted a flextime system Companywide, except for the Production Division and MRs.
 Employee Health Management
As for employee health management, we provide access to health checkups every spring and lifestyle disease-related examinations (complete medical checkup/brain checkup) every fall. In cooperation with industrial physicians, nurses and medical examination centers, we conduct follow ups for employees whose checkups reveal health problems. In addition, to help prevent illness and maintain and improve the health of our employees, we cooperate proactively in the specified health checkups and health guidance provided by the health insurance association.
In terms of mental health measures, we have introduced a program in partnership with an outside organization for the purpose of preventing, detecting and responding to mental health problems at an early stage. In addition to conducting annual stress checks required by law, to support measures for employees’ mental health we offer simple
stress checks that employees can perform voluntarily and provide a wide range of learning materials including a variety of e-learning programs.
The Shizuoka site is taking various steps to improve the work environment. It has appointed a person in charge of promoting mental health measures at each workplace and holds roundtable meetings attended by health supervisors. The site also endeavors to maintain and improve the health of its employees. For example, it has designated a month in spring to promote the health benefits of walking, and in the fall it conducts a physical fitness test as a health campaign. The Company remains committed to the management of employees’ physical and mental health in cooperation with industrial physicians while utilizing the external consultation desk at the health insurance association and counseling services.
Training by Position
30 KAKEN Corporate Report 2021
KAKEN Corporate Report 2021 31