ing Development of
New Products via Open Innovation
As society continues to gray, we anticipate even more demand from now on for prosthetic joints, which are key products in the Kyocera Group’s medical sector. We have the best clinical track record*1 amongst Japanese manufacturers in the domestic prosthetic joint market, and are highly trusted by many medical personnel. We aim to leverage these strengths and move into overseas markets with a high market volume. We will also develop products related to regenerative medicine and digital health care. In addition, given the expected demand for ways to protect against lifestyle diseases, we will cooperate with external organizations and, by participating in various kinds of projects and creating new businesses, contribute to the creation of a society where people can maintain lifelong good health.
Related businesses
■ Industrial & Automotive Components Group ■ Semiconductor Components Group
■ Electronic Devices Group
■ Communications Group
■ Document Solutions Group ■ Life & Environment Group
 ● Overseas Expansion of our Medical Business
In FY2019, our American holding company KYOCERA International, Inc. took over the main assets related to the spinal products and prosthetic joint business of Renovis Surgical Technologies, Inc., a medical equipment manufacturer that develops and markets orthopedic implants in the U.S.A. It has also established KYOCERA Medical Technologies, Inc. (KMTI) in the U.S.A and is accelerating the overseas expansion of our medical business.
● Entering the Regenerative Medicine Sector
Launch of our Condensia® PRP preparation kit
Our PRP preparation kit Condensia®*2 has received pharmaceutical approval and been launched on the market. Condensia® is used when concentrating and extracting the platelet-rich plasma (PRP) which is part of human blood. It is the world’s only Japanese-made blood component separation kit (as of September 2020).
Technical collaboration on cell preparation with Australian
company Regeneus Ltd.
Kyocera has entered a technical collaboration and licensing agreement in Japan with the Australian company Regeneus Ltd. regarding cell preparations for knee osteoarthritis. We have acquired the exclusive right to develop, manufacture and sell the cell preparations in Japan. We will move forward with the adoption and development of cell therapy technologies, and respond to the various medical care issues, also known as unmet medical needs, of patients with knee osteoarthritis.
● Healthcare-related R&D
Development of a carbohydrate monitoring system
Our carbohydrate monitoring system was named the Grand Prix Runner-Up in the Smart X category at the 2019 CEATEC Awards. CEATEC is Asia’s biggest IT technology and electronics expo. Our carbohydrate monitoring system uses changes after a meal in pulse wave patterns to estimate carbohydrate metabolism, and earned high praise as a world-first*3.
Collaborative research on intestinal flora with AuB and Kyoto
Purple Sanga
In collaboration with AuB Inc and Kyoto Purple Sanga Co., Ltd., we are moving forward with research aimed at maintaining fitness and improving athletic performance. The research utilizes AuB’s analytical data on the microbiome (intestinal flora). Going forward, we will study business models that utilize intestinal flora and the analytical data, and will contribute to extending the healthy life expectancy of ordinary people as well as athletes.
Donor
    Cells
Patient
Cultured and productized
    Market Eye
Japan’s medical and nursing care benefit costs are increasing yearly, and are forecast to reach approx. 93 trillion yen in FY2040.
We will respond to various medical care issues by aggressively developing new technologies for the medical care sector and helping to reduce medical expenses.
■ Forecast for medical/nursing care benefit costs
The aim is to study business models and develop devices that will contribute to extending healthy life expectancy for everyone, from ordinary people to athletes
  (Trillion yen) 100
80 60 40 20
0
■Medical care ■Nursing care
● Intestinal flora tests and analysis ● Personalized guidance on diet
and the use of supplements
   ● Study of business models connected with corporate health management and the extension of healthy life expectancy
● Enhance the performance of the Kyoto Sanga F.C under-18 squad
   ● Development of a device that infers the state of intestinal flora from the smell
● Provide data and cooperate with demonstration tests
 Source: “Future Projection of Social Security Focused on 2040” Japanese Cabinet Secretariat and Cabinet, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (May 2018)
*1 We have the best clinical track record amongst Japanese manufacturers in the domestic prosthetic joint market (according to a survey by Kyocera). As of October 21, 2020.
2018 2025
2040 (Year)
*2 Condensia is a registered trademark of Kyocera Corporation. *3 According to a survey by Kyocera (as of October 28, 2019)
KYOCERA INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 20