Working Towards the Realization of a Sustainable Society
  Management Approach
As an initiative dubbed Green KPP, the KPP Group pro- motes a totally recycling-oriented business model to build a sustainable society and strives to develop and distribute products that will help solve the marine plastic pollution problem across the board. We implement all activities for reducing our environmental impact under the PDCA cycle based on the environmental management system (EMS) created pursuant to ISO 14001. Furthermore, we have in- cluded SDGs and other issues as external challenges from this fiscal year and are striving to make improvement through the EMS.
Environmental Philosophy and Environmental Policy
Status of organization
P
Plan
A Improvement Leadership Performance
Assessment
C
Support and Operation
D
Contributing to Sustainable Forest Management
Along with increasing environmental awareness comes greater demand for forest-certified paper produced from properly managed forests. Forest certification systems are a kind of environmental labelling system whereby a certification label is at- tached to timber and other wood products produced from properly managed forests in order to manage them appropriately in all stages of production, processing, and distribution and to promote the sustainable use and preservation of forests. These labels are now often seen in our daily lives. We have acquired from the Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC) and the Pro- gramme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification (PEFC) the Chain-of-Custody (CoC) certifications which certify that we identify and separately manage forest-certified paper from other paper during the processing and distribution stages.
Internal and external issues (SDGs, etc.)
Needs and expectations of stakeholders
         Paper manufacturers
KPP
Acquire CoC certification
Printing companies
Printing companies
FSC Forest Certification (CoC Certification) Acquired on January 5, 2004
Valid until December 21, 2023
Certificate No. SGSHK-COC-001603
Results for fiscal 2019
PEFC Forest Certification (CoC Certification)
Acquired on October 1, 2007 Valid until December 21, 2023 Certificate No. SGSJP-PCOC-0213Paper manufacturers
Acquire CoC certification
Managed forest FM certification*
Acquire CoC certification
106.8% year on year Forest-certified paper (a total of FSC and PEFC)
year on year
Forest-certified pulp (a total of FSC and PEFC)
Undergoing CoC certification (FSC and PEFC) retention examination and retaining approval
   As shown in our management philosophy, the KPP Group aims to achieve a recycling-oriented society and strives to re- duce environmental impact through its business activities. In creating an environmental management system based on ISO 14001, we have established and shared Group-wide the following environmental philosophy and environmental policy.
Environmental Philosophy
Recognizing that sound conservation of the earth’s environment is a noble challenge related to the very existence of mankind in future generations, we commit to making maximum efforts to realize sustainable development through symbiosis and harmony with the natural environment. Each of the em- ployees shares the obligation imposed on him or her and pledges to actively take part in the conservation of the earth’s environment as a good corpo- rate citizen under the effective organization and management system of the Company.
Environmental Policy
As a paper distributor, we contributes to the conservation of resources and to constructing a resource recycling society based on the following acts by reduc-
ing the environmental load through its our sales activities in machine-made paper, paperboard, raw materials for papermaking and commodities related to paper.
1 Always recognizing the environmental aspect related to our business activities, commodities sold and services provided, we build an envi- ronmental management system and strives to continuously improve the system and to prevent environmental pollution.
2 We comply with the environmental laws and regulations and other requirements agreed to by the Company.
3 Amongtheenvironmentalaspectsrelatedtotheouractivities,commoditiesandservices,weundertakeourbusinessactivitiessettingthefollow-
ing items as priority matters in environmental management. These items will be reviewed periodically in accordance with changes in the situation.
1) Promotion of paper recycling business to paper recycling, promotion of sales of eco-friendly paper and proposal-type sales activities of a proposal type pro- moting eco-friendly commodities,
2) Curtailment of all resources consumed in business activities and reduction in energy consumption,
3) Active participation in reduction, source segregation and recycling of waste emitted by offices, and
4) Promotion of green procurement for a contribution to resource conservation.
4 In order to accomplish this environmental policy, we enlighten and educate all of ourits employees and persons working at the Company, promoting environmental management as a companywide task.
Established: December 1, 2001, Revised: June 1, 2019 Kokusai Pulp & Paper Co., Ltd. Director of the Board, President & Executive Officer Tadashi Kurihara,
WEB https://www.kppc.co.jp/en/csr/action/PhilosophyPolicy.html
Forests
*A system to certify forests that are properly managed
Distribution of certified materials Traceability
Consumers
98.0% Initiatives to Reduce Environmental Impact
The 7th KPP General Exhibition
We held an exhibition under the theme, “For Building a Sustainable Society,” over three days from November 11 to 13, 2019. The exhibi- tion was held on the first and second floors of the head office building and showcased paper solutions, products with reduced plastic use, biodegradable plastics, material recycling, thermal recycling, and Green Products, among others. In addition to the exhibits, a lecture was held by Mr. C.W. Nicol on his forest rehabilitation activities. The exhibits in the first-floor entrance hall featured the activities of the C.W. Nicol Afan Woodland Trust founded by Mr. Nicol together with the KPP Group’s approach and initiatives to realize a recycling-oriented society. A total of approximately 800 people visited the exhibition over the three days.
The main exhibition venue utilizing a conference room
Despite some rain in the three days, the number of visitors was the highest ever.
Part of the exhibits
With the help of many of our suppliers, we also exhibited products under de- velopment. The comments from visitors at the exhibition booth will be utilized in improving the products.
    Promotion of Green Biz Project
   Acquisition of ISO 14001 Certification
Introduction of Environmental Management System
We have constructed an environmental management sys- tem (EMS) in accordance with international standard ISO 14001 in order to fulfill its duty of compliance with environ- ment-related laws and regulations and improve the envi- ronmental performance of the Group’s business activities. We routinely evaluate our business and environmental ac- tivity results, establish environmental targets that incorpo- rate external challenges such as SDGs and ESG, and continue efforts to achieve them.
Scope of application of certification, etc.
Acquired on June 26, 2002 Valid until June 26, 2023
Registration number: JP18/071544 Audit organization: SGS Japan Inc.
Scope of application: Sales of paper, pulp, recovered paper, films, the materials and related machinery. Locations under the scope of application: Tokyo Head Office, Kansai Branch, Kyoto Sales Dept. of Kansai Branch, Chubu Branch, Kyushu Branch, Sendai Sales Dept. of Kita Nihon Branch, and Sapporo Sales Dept. of Kita Nihon Branch
Results for fiscal 2019
89.6% year on year
Electricity usage upon taking various power saving measures
Weight of environmentally friendly paper (selected by KPP) sold
Undergoing ISO 14001 certification examination and retaining approval
A meeting in progress
The members regularly report their ac- tivities, introduce new products and materials, and evaluate them in the meetings.
An example of the Project’s products
We use lots of clear paper folders at office. A special paper processing method allowed us to cut the use of plastic by about 70%.
Cross-divisional meetings started mainly by young employees to help address the marine plastic pollution problem was formally launched as the Green Biz Project with an increased number of participants and participating divisions. Members of the Project exchange opinions ac- tively from various perspectives about topics such as the development and distribution of new products and materials and the building of new business models. The Project’s achievement is growing including the market launch of a paper-based clear folder jointly developed with a major stationery maker in the first year of the Project. The Project is set to expand its activities by making full use of the KPP Group’s sales, procurement, and processing networks.
  111.1%
year on year
Participation in Environmental Groups
Joined the Japan Clean Ocean Material Alliance (CLOMA) in January 2019   Participated in the Plastics Smart Forum in April 201926 KOKUSAI PULP&PAPER CO., LTD.
Integrated Report 2020 27