     
  The trees we planted after the earthquake are gradually growing.
Ten years have passed since the Great East Japan Earthquake in 2011.
Now, the young trees of recovery are sprouting in the Tohoku region.
Eiichi Shibusawa, who was involved in The 77 Bank’s founding, said “people without dreams have no ideals.*” Making our region more abundant and comfortable to live in.
The 77 Bank Group will embark on Vision 2030, in which we have set out our ideal for the future.
Mission Vision
Value Strategy
Mission Vision
(Ultimate goal)
Bank Creed Vision 2030
(10-year period)
77 Bank Group SDG Declaration
~More than ever, and forever, with our region~
Short-term Management Plan
 Value
 (Values shared across the Group)
  Strategy
(Tactics)
     * From “Seven Lessons about Dreams” by Eiichi Shibusawa
Integrated Report 2021 CONTENTS
Mission
02 Our Path of Continuous Growth
04 Value Creation Processes
06 The Economy and Potential of Miyagi Prefecture
Vision
08 Message from the President (Vision 2030)
Value
18 77 Bank Group SDG Declaration
19 (1) Revitalization of the Regional Economy
20 (2)Responding to Global Warming and Climate
Change
22 (3) Encouraging and Supporting the Activities of
Our Employees
24 (4) Advancing Corporate Governance
Special Feature
26 Asking the Next Generation about Their “Target Form for the Future”
Strategy
30 Basic Strategies to Achieve “Our Target Form”
31 (1) Top Customer Satisfaction Strategy
36 (2) Double Productivity Strategy 40 (3) Regional Growth Strategy
44 (4) Corporate Culture Reform Strategy Bank data
48 Governance Structure
52 Financial and Non-financial Highlights
54 Profile / Group Companies
55 Service Network
Financial Section
56 Consolidated Five-Year Summary
57 Consolidated Balance Sheet
58 Consolidated Statement of Income
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
59 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
60 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
61 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
80 Independent Auditors’ Report
85 Capital Adequacy Ratios
86 Non-Consolidated Balance Sheet (Parent Company)
87 Non-Consolidated Statement of Income (Parent Company)
88 Loan Portfolio
Note regarding forward-looking statements
This document contains forward-looking statements that are based on the information available at the time of disclosure, along with certain assumptions believed to be reasonable by The 77 Bank. However, The 77 Bank makes no guarantee that these forecasts will be achieved. Actual results may differ significantly from forecasts, due to a variety of factors.
           Editorial Policy
The 77 Bank has prepared “THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 2021” to help investors and other stakeholders understand the Bank’s efforts for sustainable value creation.
In editing this report, we have referred to the “International Integrated Reporting Framework” proposed by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) and the “Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation” issued by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) to provide an integrated explanation of the Bank’s business model and sustainable value creation mechanism, in the order “Mission,” “Vision,” “Value,” and “Strategy.”
For detailed financial data and other information, please refer to DISCLOSURE 2021 (available on the Bank’s website at https://www.77bank.co.jp).
Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation
In order to recover coastal disaster prevention forests that were lost in the Great East Japan Earthquake, new employees of the Bank planted black pines in 2018, and we named the area the “77 Forest for the Future.”
   THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |01

 Our Path of Continuous Growth
 Passing on the spirit of Eiichi Shibusawa to the next generation
The Bank was founded in 1878 as The 77th National Bank. Through the tremendous efforts of Eiichi Shibusawa, the core of our bank was created, and we embarked upon the path we have followed to this day. The theory of corporate social responsibility that Shibusawa advocated around the late 19th and early 20th centuries became the focus of renewed attention by the American economist Peter Drucker, and has since become the global mainstream for present-day business activities. The Bank will grow in a sustainable manner, while passing on the spirit of Shibusawa to the next generation in the form of our dedication to business activities that serve the prosperity of the state and local communities.
Eiichi Shibusawa
1840 - 1931; born in Chiaraijima Village, Hanzawa-gun, Musashino Province (present day Fukaya City, Saitama). He exerted all his efforts toward establishing modern companies and created Japanese capitalism with the power of the private sector.
photograph: Fukaya City
2005.7
Opened the Shanghai Representative Office
2017.4 2021
      Started “Vision 2030”
 1882.7
Opened the Tokyo Branch
1977.9
Head Office relocated to a new building at Sendai Chuo 3-chome
1980
1983.2
Established The 77 Card Co., Ltd.
1985.10
Opened the London Representative Office
1990.11
Upgrade the New York Representative Office to the New York Branch
Building housing the Shanghai Representative Office
2006.11
Established the Aomori Corporate Sales Office
2010
Singapore Representative Office Established
Started business of 77 Securities Co., Ltd.
2017.6
Transition to a company with an audit & supervisory committee
2018.7
Established 77 Research and Consulting Co., Ltd.
2020
2016.1
Started operation of the common use system(MEJAR) 2016.5
Opened the Singapore Representative Office
2016.7
Established 77 Capital Co., Ltd.
2016.7
            1898.3
Tokyo Branch
Shibusawa warehouse during the Meiji era, where the first Tokyo Branch of The 77th National Bank was located
Current Head Office
1970
1998.4
Established 77 Business Support Foundation
   1880
Name changed to The 77 Bank, Ltd.
1960
1990   2000
        Leading company creating a path to the future
              1961.5
1978.10
Established 77 Shin-Yo Hosyo Co., Ltd.
1978.12
Celebrated the 100th anniversary of our founding. Increased capital to ¥12.0 billion
Established 77 Lease Co., Ltd.
1973.8
Share listing changed to the Firs Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchanged
1972.10
Shares listed (Second Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange and the Sapporo Securities Exchange)
1988.4
Opened the New York Representative Office
1988.10
Increased capital to ¥22.2 billion
 The Bank Creed established as the basic principle of management
1932.1
The current The 77 Bank, Ltd. was established through the merger of The 77 Bank, Tohoku Jitsugyo Bank, and Gojo Bank
1910.6
Established Tohoku Jitsugyo Bank, Ltd.
1974.11
1999.3
Abolished the New York Branch and London Representative Office
1999.8
 1893.5
Established Miyagi Savings Bank(Renamed Gojo Bank in 1921)
Merged The 77 Card Co., Ltd. And 77 Credit Services Co., Ltd., with The 77th Card Co., Ltd. as the surviving company
1997.12
Established 77 Credit Services Co., Ltd.
Established 77 Securities Preparatory Establishment Co., Ltd.
(trading name was changed to 77 Securities Co., Ltd. in January 2017)
2016.9
Established the Hachinohe Corporate Sales Office
2016.11
Converted 77 Lease Co., Ltd., 77 Shin-Yo Hosyo Co., Ltd., and The 77 Card Co., Ltd. into wholly-owned subsidiaries
  1878.12
Started operations as The 77th National Bank
Head Office at the time of our foundation in 1878 (former Hinoya site)
  The photograph in the possession of the Shibusawa Memorial Museum.
Eiichi Shibusawa, who supported The 77 Bank at the time of our establishment
Eiichi Shibusawa, a businessman who was known as “the father of Japanese capitalism,” had a strong interest in the Tohoku region through Munenari Date, who provided him with the opportunity to enter the Ministry of Finance. At the time, there was no bank based in Miyagi Prefecture and partially for this reason, prior to the opening of The 77th National Bank, Shibusawa provided advice on various matters, such as the nature of the banking business and basic management concepts, and guided the establishment of the Bank. Subsequently, he continued to provide investment as a shareholder, and seconded exceptional talent, including Keishi Endo (the second and fourth President) and Seikei Ono (the fifth President) from The Dai-Ichi Bank Limited. Furthermore, Shibusawa provided both mental and practical support to the Bank over many years, including his transfer of The Dai-Ichi Bank Limited’s banking business in Miyagi Prefecture to The 77th National Bank and his appointment as Advisor in 1909.
Eiichi Shibusawa’s spirit of “harmony of morality and the economy” lives on today in the line from the Bank Creed, which describes the Bank’s management philosophy, that states “the Bank’s progress goes hand in hand with prosperity in the local community.”
 Bank Creed
The Bank’s mission is to absorb funds and create credit by exercising its own creativity based on the principle of self-responsibility, in a spirit of maintaining orderly credit conditions and protecting depositors, and thereby contribute to the growth of the national economy.
In light of such public mission, the Bank shall contribute to the local community while seeking a harmonious balance between self-interest and public interest as a regional bank.
Based on the aforementioned principles, the code of conduct to be observed by any and all persons employed by the Bank is set forth as follows.
1. Elevate the Spirit of Voluntary Service
Acknowledge that the Bank’s progress goes hand in hand with prosperity in the local community, and seek to elevate the spirit of
voluntary service at all times.
2. Improve Creditworthiness
Bear in mind that credit is the Bank’s lifeblood, and endeavor to improve credit at all times.
3. Nurture the Spirit of Harmony
Recognize that the spirit of harmony is fundamental to the execution of duties, and strive to nurture such spirit at all times.
02
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |03
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

 The Economy and Potential of Miyagi Prefecture
   Miyagi Prefecture, which is our main business base, is located in the southeast area of the Tohoku region, and is a key transport hub connecting the Greater Tokyo Area with the Tohoku region. Additionally, the prefectural capital, Sendai, which became the 11th city designated by government ordinance in Japan in 1989, is home to the branches of many major companies from across Japan, and functions as a core city in the Tohoku region. Miyagi Prefecture generally ranks around 15th among the prefectures in terms of population and key economic indicators such as the Gross Prefectural Product and total retail sales. It generally accounts for a share of just under 2% of the national totals of such indicators.
Although Miyagi Prefecture experienced significant damage due to the Great East Japan Earthquake, particularly in coastal areas, it has made steady progress thanks to joint efforts by the public and private sectors. In addition, with the expansion of major automotive and electronics companies, the manufacturing industry is expected to become a driver for post-recovery economic growth while economic concentration is advancing owing to active construction investment related to redevelopment projects in Sendai.
Gross Prefectural Product (nominal)
9,463.9
Ranking among prefectures in terms of Gross Prefectural Product (nominal)
Second highest growth rate (21.0%) during the period FY2010, immediately after the financial crisis of 2007-2008, through FY2018
 ¥
billion
    Fisheries and aquaculture production amount
  The potential of Miyagi Prefecture, in numbers
Manufactured goods shipment amount
¥ 4,665.6billion
Increasing for seven consecutive years
●Manufactured good shipment amounts (JPY tn) 1.2
¥ 78.9billion
Fourth in Japan
  Total area
First
since the Great East Japan Earthquake Commercial Fukuoka Prefecture
First Hokkaido Prefecture
First Fukuoka Prefecture Third Miyagi Prefecture
%
Publicly assessed land prices in Miyagi Prefecture (change in percentage)
  7,282
2 km
district Second
Residential district
   Population
6.00 4.00 2.00 0.00
3.42 3.73 3.97 4.02 4.11 4.47 4.67
Miyagi Prefecture
Third Hokkaido Prefecture
Publicly assessed land prices (change in percentage) ●in Miyagi Prefecture
1.0
2,292,385
1,006,676
%
     Persons
Commercial district
Residential district
    Number of households
2012 2013
Source: Tohoku Bureau of Economy, Trade and Industry
8.0 6.0 4.0 2.0 0.0
(%)
Third in Japan
1.0
  2014 2015
2016 2017 2018
  5.9
6.2
   4.7
2.4 2017
4.8
3.5
3.5
    Number of new housing starts
Agricultural output
2.5
1.7 2014
2.3 2.3 2015
3.2
1.9 2016
2.7
Second inJapan
1.2
14,451
193.9
Wholesale/retail annual product sales
¥ 11,554.9billion
1.4 2013
 ¥
billion
0.0
 Number of private sector offices
No. 1 in japan in
2018
2019
2020
2021
Source: 77 R&C Monthly Research Report, April 2021
  06
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |07
Commercial district: Increasing for eight consecutive years
Residential district: Increasing for nine consecutive years
102,026Offices
Source: “2021 Shape of Miyagi (Miyagi Prefectural Handbook” *Excluding publicly assessed land prices (change in percentage) in Miyagi Prefecture
terms of the
growth rate since the last survey (2012)
 Regional Development Project (1)
Sendai Urban Restructuring Project
(project launched by Sendai City in October 2019, to continue through FY2031)
◆Reconstruction of obsolete buildings and promotion of corporate relocation into the city
・Establishment of “Subsidy System for Promoting Building Reconstruction in Sendai City Center” ・Relaxation of floor-area ratio with a view toward
“developing highly functional office” ・Enhancement of business attraction framework and
subsidy systems, etc.
Regional Development Project (2)
Next-generation Synchrotron Radiation
Facility Maintenance Project
◆Economic ripple effects (estimated by Tohoku Economic Federation)
・JPY 1,901.7 billion over the first 10 years of operation ・Local ripple effects within Miyagi Prefecture is JPY
277.7 billion
・The project is believed to contribute particularly in the areas
such as fuel cell, gene drugs and nanocarbon materials
    Image of Urban Restructuring Project (Sendai Station area) Provided by: Sendai City
Next-generation synchrotron radiation facility (image) Provided by: Photon Science Innovation Center
(Scheduled to begin operation in FY2025)
▼
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

 04
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |05
Value Creation Processes
With the market expected to shrink as a result of the aging society and low birthrate, falling population, and other factors, the 77 Bank Group will work to ensure the prosperity of local communities by inspiring and accumulating trust with the optimal solutions. At the same time, we will also aim to become a leading company tapping new areas of opportunity in Miyagi and Tohoku together with our stakeholders.
Leading company creating a path to the future
Top customer satisfaction strategy
Regional growth strategy
2
4 Corporate culture
2030 Becoming a leading company creating a path to the future
Social issues we aim to solve through our businesses
Market contraction
Aging society with low birthrate
Falling population
Concentration in Tokyo
Lack of corporate successors
Social diversification
Lifestyle changes
Digital transformation
Ongoing financial easing
More regulatory easing
Response to disasters, etc.
Disasters, COVID-19 Climate change
The 77 Bank Group's source of value creation
Financial capital
◆Capital adequacy ratio (domestic standards, consolidated): 10.39% ◆Ratings: JCR: AA, R&I: A, Moody’s: A3 (as of July 31, 2021)
◆Deposits and certificates of deposits: ¥8.5 trillion (ninth among regional banks)
Manufactured capital
◆Number of branches: 143 (128 in Miyagi, as well as Sapporo, Morioka, Kitakami, Akita, Yamagata, Fukushima, Koriyama, Soma, Haramachi, Taira,
Onahama, Nihonbashi, Tokyo, Nagoya, and Osaka) ◆Corporate sales offices: 2 (Aomori and Hachinohe)
◆Overseas representative offices: 2 (Shanghai and Singapore) Intellectual capital
◆Group companies: 6 companies
(77 Lease, 77 Shin-Yo Hosyo, 77 Card, 77 Securities, 77 Research and Consulting, 77 Capital)
◆MEJAR system
(Shared with Bank of Yokohama, Hokuriku Bank, Hokkaido Bank, and Higashi-Nippon Bank)
◆Know-how on business reform and corporate rehabilitation support through the recovery from the Great East Japan Earthquake
Human capital
◆Number of employees (consolidated): 2,812
◆Number of employees with qualifications: 141 1st grade Certified Financial Planner, CFP, 32 Small and Medium enterprise Management Consultants, 20 Movables Valuation Advisors, 21 Agricultural Management Advisors, 2 In-house attorneys, 1 In-house certified public accountant
Social capital
◆Deposit share in Miyagi Prefecture: 57.3%
Ranked No. 1 in Japan for 24 consecutive years in terms of the share of deposits in the prefecture (FY3/1997–FY3/2020) (Source: KINYU JOURNAL)
◆Loans and bills discounted share in Miyagi Prefecture: 43.1%
◆Number of comprehensive cooperation agreements signed with regional public bodies for regional revitalization: 38
(Miyagi Prefecture and 35 municipalities in the prefecture, as well as 2 municipalities in Fukushima Prefecture)
◆Certified “Platinum Kurumin,” “Gold Certified Company,” “Eruboshi (Grade 3),” and “Health and Productivity Management Organization 2021 (White 500)”
◆Chosen as a constituent of MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index
◆Management Philosophy that inherits the spirit of Eiichi Shibusawa’s “harmony of morality and the economy”
* As of March 31, 2021, for those without a date
Creating value with solutions to social issues
Provide the optimal solutions
Creation value Customers
●Improve customer happiness through problem solving and enhance corporate value
Local communities
●Create abundant local communities Employees
●Offer workstyles based on diverse values
Shareholders
●Offer growth and returns together with the 77 Bank Group
1 3
Double productivity strategy
Financial
Consulting
Non- financial
Expand our fields of activity
Elevate the spirit of voluntary service
Improve creditworthiness
Nurture the spirit of harmony
Bank creed Enhance corporate value
reform strategy
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

 Message from the President
  We will look beyond any difficulties toward hope and set forth a new future for the region, as we embark on continuous initiatives.
  President
Hidefumi Kobayashi
    Ten years since the Great East Japan Earthquake
The Great East Japan Earthquake occurred at 14:46 on Friday, March 11, 2011, with a magnitude of 9.0, the highest ever recorded in Japan. As a tsunami struck that far exceeded all forecasts, Japan suffered unprecedented damage centered on coastal areas such as Miyagi, Iwate, and Fukushima, and over 18,400 people lost their lives. It is estimated that the total damage to homes, factories, and other buildings, as well as roads and other infrastructure, amounted to approximately ¥17 trillion, of which the amount of damage in Miyagi Prefecture exceeded ¥9 trillion.
Many of the Bank’s branches were affected in the disaster, and we suffered both physical damage and harm to our personnel. Many of our employees, part-time employees, their families, and others were affected by the disaster, and it was a very difficult, painful time for us.
Despite those circumstances, however, as a regional financial institution in the affected area, we came together as an organization to keep providing financial services and restore our branch network, in order to contribute to recovery in our local area of Miyagi, as well as the Tohoku region as a whole. We also focused all our efforts on supporting applications for subsidies and business rehabilitation support as a means of supporting
recovery. As a result, as of the end of March 2021, we had provided 27,209 loans related to the Great East Japan Earthquake, worth a total amount of ¥763.2 billion.
During this period, total public investment in Miyagi Prefecture amounted to over ¥6.5 trillion, and housing investment created more than 200,000 homes. Almost all social capital was recovered, including railroads, roads, bridges, and river and port facilities, while all roads on the Sanriku Expressway, a reconstruction road, reopened throughout the prefecture. Additionally, new towns gradually opened as centers of life and human activity, with residential areas, commercial areas, etc.
Nominal Gross Prefectural Product bottomed at ¥7.7 trillion immediately after the disaster, but mounted a strong recovery, driven by economic activity related to recovery from the disaster and the redevelopment of Sendai, as well as the start of operations at Toyota Motor East Japan, Inc. and Tokyo Electron Ltd. plants, these two companies having decided to enter the region prior to the disaster. As such, in FY2016, the prefecture once again recorded its highest ever Nominal Gross Prefectural Product, at over ¥9 trillion.
Additionally, recovery work focused not just on the “hard” aspects, but also extended to initiatives targeting the “soft” aspects, in anticipation of the role of the next generation,
including establishing a new medical school for the first time in 37 years in Japan in order to develop personnel to support the healthcare system of the region, the first privatization of a nationally managed airport, and the “Sendai Framework for Disaster Risk Reduction,” which was created at the Third United Nations World Conference on Disaster Risk Reduction.
There remain differences between regions and industries, but I believe it is fair to say that we have demonstrated strong resilience in our efforts toward recovery, and are continuing to make steady progress from the damage suffered by this earthquake of never-before-seen scale.
Picturing a new tomorrow for the region
While making steady progress toward recovery following the Great East Japan Earthquake, we were once again faced with “unprecedented” circumstances. COVID-19, the first major pandemic faced by the global economy in the post-war era, has restricted accumulation and movement, two basic premises of the global economy, and has caused demand for face-to-face services such as tourism and entertainment to evaporate. Additionally, the pandemic has not only struck a major blow to economies; it has also highlighted various weaknesses that had previously been the subject of concern, such as the risk of
concentration in major urban areas and delays to digitalization in the public and private sectors.
I believe that we must take a determined stance and tackle multiple issues from a long-term perspective, including issues that we have delayed responding to, such as the falling population, super-aging society, decline of regional industry, and outflow of young people, as well as the acceleration of digitalization, etc., and issues related to the economy after recovery from the disaster, the nature of society, and new ways of life after COVID-19 recedes.
As we look to solve these issues, we will work to ensure we continue to fulfill our mission as a regional financial institution, under our management philosophy of “desiring communal prosperity and serving local communities.” In order to achieve this aim, we have formulated the ‘“Vision 2030” ~Leading Company Creating a Path to the Future~,” our new management plan covering a period of 10 years, from FY2022 to FY2031.
In “Vision 2030,” we aim to offer our customers the optimal solutions by enhancing our financial services and expanding the scope of our businesses in the non-financial sector, while at the same time deepening our capabilities as a “leading company,” based on being a corporate group leading the region by creating networks centered on the Miyagi and Sendai areas and expanding the scope of our operations.
 08
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |09
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

  ― Results and issues of the previous medium-term management plan ―
― Objectives and background to the formulation of Vision 2030 ―
We accommodated a wide range of customer needs, but were unable to overcome our “high cost and low profit structure”
I will now review the results and issues of the previous medium- term management plan.
With regard to our foremost key strategy of the previous medium-term management plan, “strengthen consulting-based sales capabilities,” we enhanced awareness of this strategy within the Bank and focused our efforts on supporting the resolution of issues faced by customers based on business evaluations as well as comprehensive transactions with customers. As a result, we achieved our targets both for the balance of corporate loans and fees and commissions from corporate clients.
The various different proposals that we made were often praised by customers, and we also strengthened cooperation within the 77 Bank Group, including the establishment of 77 Research and Consulting Co., Ltd. in July 2018. Based on these factors, I feel that we made significant progress as a group.
Additionally, in terms of our “initiatives to promote regional revitalization,” we focused our efforts on supporting recovery from the Great East Japan Earthquake and typhoon damage, while also making significant progress in terms of cooperation between the public and private sectors, including witnessing increased activity related to the “Miyagi wide-area PPP platform,” started by the conclusion of “Comprehensive Cooperation Agreements for Regional Revitalization” with all municipalities in Miyagi Prefecture in March of this year.
In terms of “initiatives to enhance productivity,” an issue faced
by the Bank, we launched measures to fundamentally reduce administrative work at branch offices, including establishing the “Paperwork-free Promotion Committee” in March 2020, and establishing a support office to concentrate back-office administrative work from branch offices at headquarters. As a result of these measures, we successfully saved labor equivalent to 107 employees per year. In terms of our initiatives targeting digitalization, we have moved to paperless meeting materials via the utilization of tablets, and online meetings have also become established within the Group.
In addition to the above, I believe the Group has made progress as a whole toward responding to changes in the times and reforming corporate culture, including utilizing Shichishika-kun and other characters, relaxing rules on employee clothing during working hours, formulating the “77 Bank Group SDG Declaration,” and strengthening measures to prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorism, as well as stimulating debate by increasing the number of Outside Directors, from a governance perspective.
Although we achieved results such as those described, we also failed to achieve most of our earnings targets, partly owing to ongoing negative interest rate policies and changes in the operating environment as a result of COVID-19. As such, we were regrettably unable to overcome the issue of our “high cost and low profit structure.”
We are still only partway to achieving our goals in relation to consulting in order to differentiate the 77 Bank Group from competitors, including other financial institutions and companies in other industries, digitalization as a means of fundamental transformation, and paperwork-free initiatives, etc.
Given the risk of falling into a contracting equilibrium if we base our strategy on maintaining the status quo, when we started formulating our new medium-term management plan, “Vision 2030,” we asked ourselves, “what does the 77 Bank Group want to become in future?” and “what should we do?” to meet stakeholders’ expectations at the same time as fulfilling our mission, while never forgetting issues such as the shrinking of our market as a result of the aging society and low birthrate, as well as the falling population faced by the region.
“Vision 2030” is the Bank’s first management plan to cover a long-term period of “10 years.” First, I would like to explain the background for this decision.
Previously, the Bank has formulated medium-term management plans based on a period of “three years.” However, considering the uncertain outlook and rapid changes affecting the current management environment, a three-year plan would only mean setting “targets and measures that we can probably achieve” by projecting out along our current trajectory. As such, it would not result in any significant reforms, and would consist only of conservatively estimated numerical targets. I felt this would prevent our growth as a company, result in unsatisfactory business development, and mean that we failed to adapt to major changes in society at large.
Vision 2030 Positioning
Mission
Vision
Value Strategy
So, we decided to think about our path to achieving future targets in terms of a “backcasting approach,” starting from what we want to achieve and what we want to become in 10 years’ time, under given assumptions and restrictions.
“SDGs” are an example of a “backcasting approach” that is easy to understand. The “SDGs” attempt to change companies’ actions based on targets, with 17 Goals and 169 Targets having been established in order to make the economy, society, and the environment sustainable, based on the approach that “there can be no sustainable future without change.”
“Vision 2030” sets forth our ideal image for the future of the 77 Bank Group and provides guiding principles and ultimate targets for all officers and employees of the Group to come together and work toward, as we look to achieve the management philosophy of the Bank. While fulfilling our mission as a regional financial institution and meeting the expectations of stakeholders, I intend for us not to accept a state of contracting equilibrium, but instead to aim for further advancement and growth, and to fulfill an even greater mission from a long-term 10-year perspective.
       Balance of corporate loans (term-end)
Fees and commissions from corporate clients
Bank Creed
Vision 2030
(10-year period)
Leading company creating a path to the future
3,200.0 3,000.0 2,800.0 2,600.0
(Billions of yen)
3,151.9
FY2021
2.0
1.5
1.0
0.5 0.6
0 FY2018
Income from customer services
(Billions of yen)
2.0
FY2021
(Billions of yen) FY2021
(0.6) Negative for eight consecutive years
Mission
Vision
(Ultimate goal)
Value
(Values shared across the Group)
Strategy
(Tactics)
    Midterm target
1.5 1.3
3,027.2
Midterm target
2,868.5
2,796.0
      FY2018
FY2019
FY2020
FY2019
FY2020
FY2020
   Status of achievement of key earnings targets
 (Billions of yen, %)
(2.5) (3.4) (1.7) (0.3)
0 (2.5) (5.0)
FY2018
(4.9)
FY2019
77 Bank Group SDG Declaration
~More than ever, and forever, with our region~
  Net income [consolidated]
Interest on loans and bills discounted
Fees and commissions ROE [consolidated]
Short-term Management Plan
        (3.6)
(3.3)
   10
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |11
Item
FY2021 results
   16.5
41.6
9.8
3.4
FY2021 MTP targets
19.0
45.0
11.5
3.7
Difference
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

  The 77 Bank Group’s “Target Form”
Tapping new areas of opportunity in Miyagi and Tohoku
In “Vision 2030,” we set forth “our target form” for the 77 Bank Group to aim for over the long-term as, “a leading company that works to achieve prosperity in the local community, by continuing to offer the optimal solutions, which inspire and build trust, and at the same time working with our stakeholders to tap new areas of opportunity in Miyagi and Tohoku.”
This is our declaration as the 77 Bank Group that: “we want to serve a greater purpose for our customers, and increase our customers,” “we want people to feel confident when using the 77 Bank Group,” and “we want to act as a corporate group that leads business and the economy and thus enriches the region, even as uncertainty lingers regarding the future of the region.”
While further enhancing our “finance and consulting” services, as we have been for several years, we also intend to expand the scope of our businesses in the non-financial sector and offer our customers the optimal solutions. Additionally, even as the regional market is expected to shrink, we intend to build networks that combine the potential of the Miyagi and Sendai area with influential customers in the Tohoku region as a whole and elsewhere, and thereby tap new areas of opportunity. In doing so, while expanding the scope of our businesses, we will take steps to enhance our customer base, starting from “digital technologies and people” rather than bank branches. At the same time, we intend to deepen our capabilities as a “leading company,” namely, moving from being a “leading bank” to being a “corporate group leading groups and local communities with the same aspirations.”
Three directions and four key factors ~Enhancing our strengths, improving our weaknesses, and revitalizing our organization~
In “Vision 2030,” we have set forth three directions and four key factors for the “77 Bank Group” to pursue in order to achieve our target form for the Group.
The first direction is “stimulate demand among customers and local communities, and expand the scope of our operations.” This refers to efforts to further expand our business sectors while sufficiently utilizing our “customer base,” one of the strengths of the 77 Bank Group.
The second direction is “dramatically improve productivity.” This refers to efforts to make fundamental improvements to our “high cost and low profit structure,” a major issue for the Bank, enabling us to prevail over other banks and companies.
The third direction is “establish a corporate culture of taking on new challenges.” This refers to thinking about things from the customer’s perspective, even more than we have done previously, and aiming to become an lively organization filled with an appetite for new challenges, an appetite for growth, and an ambitious spirit.
Now, I would like to introduce some specific examples of our initiatives to establish a corporate culture of taking on new challenges.
In order to make “Vision 2030” a reality, it is key that every employee thinks for themselves and acts proactively. In order to communicate this concept from the senior management of the Bank to the employees, we are holding briefings aimed at the realization of “Vision 2030” where the President, Senior Managing Director, and Managing Directors visit all bank branches, as well as lively and open exchanges of views, including Q&A sessions. In these briefings, we reinforce the concept that “Vision 2030” lays out the future direction to be taken by the 77 Bank Group and the essence of our long-term strategy, while also restating the importance of every employee thinking for themselves and acting proactively, not passively. Additionally, we also hold an “essay contest” in order to increase employees’ sense of ownership and promote a shift toward independent and active behavior, through their thinking about and expressing “the actions they should take at this time.” As such, I feel that this is a good opportunity to reform the mindset of our employees, as we look to “establish a corporate culture of taking on new challenges.”
Capitalizing on the digital transformation
An engine (key factors) will be necessary to go beyond our existing trajectory, and unlock a new future.
The first such key factor is the “digital transformation.”
As the digital transformation makes dramatic leaps forward in future, there can be no doubt that the content of services, systems for working, and peoples’ workstyles will all change. Amid these conditions, while placing the utmost priority on “safety and peace of mind,” we will also capitalize on the advancing digital transformation, which accelerated as a result of COVID-19, and work with companies in other industries to respond to customers’ increasingly diversified needs, in addition to promoting fundamental reforms across our banking operations as a whole.
Specifically, in anticipation of dramatic advances in digital technologies over the next 10 years, we will focus on “creating new businesses” and promoting digital reforms, in line with “digital reforms in the banking business” as a whole.
In terms of “digital reforms in the banking business,” our initiatives will be based around five pillars of reform, namely, “non-face-to-face channel reform” to change our contact points with customers, “bank branch reform” to change face-to-face sales, “paperwork-free reform” to reduce physical transactions and paperwork, “data utilization reform” to utilize data, and “digital reforms for employees” to maximize the capabilities of our workforce. At the same time, we intend to invest ¥5.0 billion to ensure we achieve the “best mix of face-to-face and non-face-to- face services.”
Additionally, with regard to “creating new businesses,” we will establish new businesses to revitalize the regional economy, including offering new banking services and a new regional ecosystem centered on the “digital native” generation.
       “Our target form” to aim for over the long term
The 77 Bank Group aims to be a leading company that works to achieve prosperity in the local community, by continuing to offer the optimal solutions, which inspire and build trust, and at the same time working with our stakeholders to tap new areas of opportunity in Miyagi and Tohoku.
Stimulate demand among customers and local communities Expand the scope of operations
Enhance!
77 Bank Group strengths
Customer base Consulting system Trust from customers and local community
An engine (key factors) will be necessary to go beyond our existing trajectory, and unlock a new future.
“Vision 2030” outline ~77 Bank Group direction
Dramatic improvements in productivity
Improve!
77 Bank Group weaknesses
Profitability (low-profitability structure) Cost consciousness (high-cost structure) Competitiveness with other companies
Establish an ambitious corporate culture
Establish!
Revitalization points
Appetite for new challenges Speed and flexibility Cross-organization (vertical, horizontal, diagonal)
       Create the highest level of financial functions and consulting, while also expanding the scope of our businesses in the non-financial sector
Create networks that combine the potential of Miyagi and the Sendai area with influential customers in the Tohoku region as a whole and elsewhere
Deepen capabilities as a leading company (a collection of people with the same aspiration, and a group of companies that act as leaders for local communities)
Financial
Consulting
Non-financial
Optimal solutions
Expand scope of operations
Leading company
          Miyagi and Sendai area
Leading bank
Whole Tohoku region, etc.
Vision 2030
Digital transformation
Key factors
New businesses and sectors
Human resources
Financial foundations
         12
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |13
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

  Develop new businesses and sectors
Our second key factor is to “develop new businesses and sectors.” Although we will maintain banking operations at our core, we will utilize our customer base, one of the strengths of the 77 Bank Group, to enter new business domains with the aim of solving the
issues faced by our customers and local communities.
While closely following changes in customer needs and moves to ease regulations surrounding business operations and banking, we have also set forth a KPI of utilizing our Group companies, alliances, etc., to establish 10 projects in new businesses or sectors by FY2024 with the potential to become viable businesses in future, as part of our efforts to cover a
diverse range of business domains.
We will also hold a business planning contest in order to
foster creative capabilities unbounded by conventional ideas and a spirit of taking on new challenges among the officers and employees of the Group as we look to establish these projects. In order to encourage active participation in this contest, the winners will be appointed members of a project team aimed at turning the ideas into businesses.
Develop human resources
The third key factor is to “develop human resources.”
Even as the times change and digitalization advances at an accelerated pace, there will be no change to the fact that people
form the core of any company.
There are many tasks that must be performed by people,
including customer sales, planning, and marketing. As such, the quality and level of our employees differentiates us from our competitors.
The 77 Bank Group aims to develop human resources with the following qualities: “unending ambition,” “filled with ability to take on new challenges,” “ability to act independently,” “rich human potential,” and a “strong sense of ethics.” Going forward, we will utilize the qualities of each individual to develop “human resources that serve a purpose for customers and local communities” and “human resources that contribute to corporate reform,” while also utilizing diversity to transform into a group of professionals that acts with life and vigor, based on the idea that human resources are the most important asset of the 77 Bank Group.
Education will be essential for us to achieve this goal. As such, in order to further strengthen our specialist expertise, we will actively enhance our opportunities for external training, etc., to enable employees to increase their knowledge and experience, including training seminars to contribute to strengthen consulting capabilities in both corporate and retail operations, as well as the dispatching of employees to other banks and private companies for training purposes.
Furthermore, the “77 President’s School” is an initiative that we established in the previous fiscal year for this purpose. The school is aimed at fostering an understanding of management among midlevel employees in their thirties by deepening their understand- ing of changes in the environment surrounding the Bank, the management issues facing the Bank, and other factors.
Strengthen financial foundations
The fourth key factor is “strengthen financial foundations.”
As a regional financial institution, we must generate sustainable earnings and build strong financial foundations in order to continue to support the future of our customers and local communities, while also growing as a company and meeting the
expectations of our shareholders.
We will target a “(consolidated) capital adequacy ratio of at
over 10%,” as a level that must be firmly maintained for “sound- ness” to remain a strength of the 77 Bank Group; “(consolidated) net income of ¥28.0 billion,” as the level necessary to both maintain a sound financial position and take adequate risk; and a “core OHR of 50-60%,” as a commitment to bolstering earnings through improved productivity.
and our alliances, to expand the breadth of our solutions and solve the issues faced by our customers and local communities. As I mentioned above, we have two strategic targets: “to establish 10 projects in new businesses or sectors by FY2024,” and “to double the net income of Group companies by entering
new businesses and sectors and expanding existing businesses.”
~Double productivity strategy~
The second basic strategy is our “double productivity strategy.” In this strategy, we will double productivity by releasing bank branches from the burden of administrative work and strengthening our consulting systems, and enhancing the abilities of each individual. Additionally, the reduction of administrative work at bank branches through paperwork cuts, the concentration of administrative work, etc., together with our efforts to enhance and promote the usage of non-face-to-face transactions, will enable us to spend more time on consulting
with customers.
We have set three strategic targets: “double labor productivity
in core operations,” “cut amount of administrative work at bank branches by 50%,” and “triple rate to usage of non-face-to-face channels.” Through these initiatives, we will rebalance our management resources in a way tailored to the needs of our customers, including enhancing our non-face-to-face channels and optimizing our network of contact points, educating and reallocating our workforce to strengthen our consulting capabili- ties, and reducing the size of our workforce through natural attrition.
~Regional growth strategy~
The third basic strategy is our “regional growth strategy.”
In this strategy, we will work to achieve sustainable growth together with the local community by making the region attractive and supporting the growth of inspirational local companies. We aim to achieve sustainable growth and ensure abundant local communities by promoting public-private cooperation between regional public bodies, external institutions, private companies, and universities, while also promoting recovery and regional
revitalization.
We have set four strategic targets: “to support increased
economic growth rate in Miyagi Prefecture,” to triple the number of growth support cases for business founders,” “to aim for 100% participation in regional development projects in Miyagi Prefecture,” and “to cut 77 Bank Group CO2 emissions by 46% compared with FY2014 and support cuts to greenhouse gas emissions in Miyagi Prefecture,” as a means of responding to issues related to climate change.
~Corporate culture reform strategy~
The fourth basic strategy is our “corporate culture reform strategy.”
We will endeavor to promote diversity, and create a virtuous circle where all officers and employees take on new challenges, leading to confidence and cheerfulness.
We will move from a “defensive” stance to an “offensive” stance, through measures such as accommodating a diverse range of values and fundamentally overhauling personnel and organizational systems to increase motivation, and creating an environment that permits trial and error and values the act of taking on new challenges. Additionally, we will also endeavor to strengthen compliance and risk management, and build internal control systems that provide firm support to reforms.
We have set forth three strategic targets: “to implement various initiatives to ‘foster an ambitious spirit,’” “to increase the proportion of women in management positions to 30% or more,” and to “increase the number of ‘specialist personnel’ that serve a purpose for customers and local communities.”
     Capital adequacy ratio (consolidated)
Over 10%
Level that should be maintained based on “soundness” as a strength of the 77 Bank Group
   Net income (consolidated)
JPY 28.0 bn
Necessary level for maintaining a sound financial position and taking on risk
  Core OHR
50-60%
 Commitment to strengthening profits through improved productivity
Four basic strategies
Next, I would like to explain our four basic strategies. These represent a concrete expression of the three directions mentioned above as strategies.
~Top customer satisfaction strategy~
The first basic strategy is our “top customer satisfaction strategy.” By offering an amazing customer experience and inspiration that competitors cannot match, we aim to be the top bank for customer satisfaction. We will utilize our strengths, including our overseas network centered on Asia and our information network in Miyagi and the Tohoku region, to offer services that only we can provide as a regional financial institution, based on the combination of face-to-face consulting services and digital
technologies.
We have set four strategic targets: “increase the proportion of
companies in Miyagi Prefecture for whom we are their main bank by 10%,” “increase the number of corporate lending clients outside Miyagi Prefecture by 1.5 times,” “increase the proportion of households in Miyagi Prefecture holding assets to 21% or higher,” and “ensure that 20% of the population of Miyagi Prefecture use loans from the 77 Bank.”
Additionally, we will also utilize the “strengths” developed by the 77 Bank Group, in combination with the digital transformation
Four basic strategies
The 77 Bank Group direction
Stimulate demand among customers and local communities Expand the scope of operations
Dramatic improvements in productivity
Establish an ambitious corporate culture
Made concrete in our strategies
01 02
03 04
Top customer satisfaction strategy
Double productivity strategy
Regional growth strategy
Corporate culture reform strategy
Inspire through consulting and digital technologies!
Reform channels and release from the burden of administrative work!
Achieve sustainable growth in the local community!
Virtuous circle of ambition, confidence, and cheerfulness!
                 14
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |15
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

  ─ Toward Achieving “Our Target Form” ─
77 Bank Group profit increase concept
In terms of the specific figures and our concept of how profit will increase, we are targeting consolidated net income, which was ¥16.5 billion in FY2021, of ¥28.0 billion in FY2031. In this target, we have factored in a decline in interest on yen-denominated bonds from Japanese government bonds, etc., and fees and commissions on remittances, together with increases in profit from reduced expenses via paperwork-free initiatives, etc., and increases in interest on loans and bills discounted, fees and commissions from corporate clients, and other items.
On the other hand, we expect credit-related expenses to continue for 10 years at a level of ¥8.0 billion - the level of our reserves during the COVID-19 pandemic - and this target therefore also anticipates an increase in bad debts in future and investment in digitalization.
Furthermore, our “expected portfolio after 10 years” consists of ¥5.7 trillion in loans, ¥8.5 trillion in deposits (including certificates of deposits), ¥3 trillion in securities, and ¥1 trillion in Group assets in custody.
PDCA cycle based on “our target form”
In order to implement fundamental reforms over a medium- to long-term timeframe, we will set midterm targets to achieve in five years. At the same time, we will also formulate short-term management plans to clarify the sectors we must focus on
depending on changes in the management environment and the status of progress in our various measures, and ensure that we make progress each year. In this way, we will steadily progress toward “our target form.” Additionally, we will commit to this progress by disclosing our targets for the relevant fiscal years at corporate briefings, etc., as well as forecasts for the next fiscal year.
Through these initiatives, we intend to ensure the flexibility of specific initiatives while also making progress toward major targets. In addition, we will also anticipate changes in the environment and revise “our 10-year target form” every five years, as we continuously implement the PDCA cycle.
Midterm targets to achieve “our target form”
In order to achieve “our target form” for FY2031, it will first be vital that we achieve our midterm targets for FY2026. Key points in this regard will be the strengthening of our profitability through our top customer satisfaction strategy and management of progress toward cost reductions through our double productivity strategy. We will also bolster our efforts to achieve KPIs related to the “proportion of companies in Miyagi Prefecture for whom we are their main bank,” the “number of corporate lending clients outside Miyagi Prefecture,” etc., which are linked to financial targets, by managing progress toward these targets in short-term management plans.
Midterm targets to achieve “our target form”
1. Strengthen financial foundations (key factor)
(Reference: Expected portfolio after 10 years)
JPY 5.7 tn JPY 8.5 tn JPY 3 tn JPY 1 tn
Notes
Comprehensive assessment utilizing customer surveys and various indicators
*TEIKOKU DATABANK, Ltd. research
“2014 Nationwide Consumption Trends Survey,” Statistics Bureau of Japan (proportion of households holding shares or equity investment trusts)
*(Interest on loans and bills discounted + fees and commissions - interest on deposits, etc. - expenses + personnel expenses + depreciation) / number of employees (part-time employees counted as 0.4)
■Implement various initiatives to “foster an ambitious spirit” ■Increase the number of “specialist personnel” that serve a
purpose for customers and local communities
  Loans and bills discounted
Deposits + NCD
Securities
Group balance of assets in custody
    2. KPI
FY2026
FY2031 (Our target form)
JPY28.0 bn Over 10% 50-60%
      Proportion of companies in Miyagi Prefecture for whom we are their main bank [main bank trends surveys*]
 Number of corporate lending clients outside Miyagi Prefecture
Proportion of households in Miyagi Prefecture holding assets
Proportion of individuals in Miyagi Prefecture using loans from the 77 Bank
Group companies net income
Labor productivity in core operations(*)
 Administrative work at bank branches
 Usage of non-face-to-face channels
 Cases of growth support for founders
CO2 emissions
 Proportion of female managers
Other items
FY2021
– [56%]
–
–
FY2026
Vs. FY2021 +5% [59%]
1.2x
FY2031 (Our target form)
Vs. FY2021 +10% [62%]
1.5x
 (Corporate) 11% (Retail) 11%
1,181
(FY2020) 12,327t
13.4%
(Corporate) 20% (Retail) 20%
2,000
10,000t
18.0%
(Corporate) 30% (Retail) 30%
3,000
9,069t
30.0%
“Rebalancing of management assets” ●Enhance non-face-to-face channels and optimize
branch network in accordance with customers’ needs ●Educate, redistribute, and streamline (natural attrition) workforce in order to strengthen consulting capabilities
 Profit increase concept
Taxes, etc.
(4.5)
(Billions of yen)
Net income (Our target form)
■Establish 10 projects in new businesses or sectors (by FY2024)
■Support increased rate of economic growth in Miyagi Prefecture
■Aim for 100% participation in regional development projects in Miyagi Prefecture
     Double productivity strategy
Cut expenses with paperwork-free policies and increased efficiency
8.0
  Reduction in profits from changes in business environment
To Our Stakeholders
Eiichi Shibusawa has recently been the focus of significant attention, including his image being featured on the new ¥10,000 banknote to be issued in 2024, as well as his story being taken up in Reach Beyond the Blue Sky, the popular Taiga drama shown on NHK. In fact, Shibusawa has a strong connection with The 77 Bank, including providing the Bank with both tangible and intangible support at the time of our founding.
Shibusawa advocated for the “harmony of morality and the economy,” in which he cautioned against the monopolization of profits and promoted the “coexistence of both profits and public interests” through the return of profits to society. Indeed, this philosophy has taken root in the hearts of all the Bank’s officers and employees, and is reflected in one line of the Bank’s “Creed,” our management philosophy, which states “the Bank’s progress goes hand in hand with prosperity in the local community.” It is said that Shibusawa’s spirit of coexistence should serve as a reference for corporate managers, and is also reflected in the philosophy of the SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals).
Against this background, as part of our objective of contributing to the sustainable growth of regional society, we announced the “77 Bank Group SDG Declaration” in July 2020, as well as our “Lending Policy” for businesses that pose a risk of negative impact to the environment and society.
Additionally, we have positioned our response to climate change, which poses a significant risk to the sustainability of society, as an important management strategy issue. As such, in July 2021, we expressed our support for the recommendations of the “Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)” and have been developing related systems.
The 77 Bank Group aims to ensure the prosperity of local communities by inspiring and accumulating trust with the optimal solutions, and becoming a leading company tapping new areas of opportunity in Miyagi and Tohoku. In doing so, we will fulfill the expectations of our stakeholders, including customers, local communities, employees, and shareholders, and I therefore would like to ask for your continued support.
  Net income
Interest on yen- denominated bonds and remittances
(5.0)
Top customer satisfaction strategy
Interest on loans and bills discounted
Fees and commissions from corporate clients
Fees and commissions from assets in custody
Group companies
New businesses / new sectors
Dramatic increase in net income
13.0
14%
12.6%
(FY2020) JPY 1.6 bn
(FY2020) JPY 8 mn
17%
17.0%
JPY 2.0 bn
JPY 13 mn
Vs. FY2021 (50%)
Over 21%
20.0%
JPY 3.0 bn
JPY 16 mn
Vs. FY2021 (50%)
    FY2021
Strengthen foundations through regional growth strategies and corporate culture reform strategies
FY2031
 16
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |17
Net income (consolidated)
Capital adequacy ratio (consolidated)
Core OHR
FY2021
JPY16.5 bn
10.39%
62.27%
JPY21.0 bn
Over 10%
55-60%
 28.0
Capital adequacy ratio: Over 10%
Core OHR: 50-60%
Credit expenses [8.0]
 16.5
Credit expenses [7.6]
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

                        77 Bank Group SDG Declaration
We will work to achieve a sustainable society, even as we directly face issues that may affect the regional economy, including social issues such as the falling population and environmental issues, as well as the spread of COVID-19. As part of our efforts to achieve this goal, we announced the “77 Bank Group SDG Declaration” in July 2020, based on our support for the purpose of the “SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals,” as they are in line with the philosophy of our Bank Creed of “desiring communal prosperity and serving local communities,” which has been in our DNA since our founding. With the SDG Declaration as “values shared across the Group,” the 77 Bank Group is committed to moving forward with our region, growing with our region, and creating the future with our region.
                                                   Mission
Vision
Value
Strategy
Mission
Vision (Ultimate goal)
Value
(Values shared across the Group)
Strategy (Tactics)
Bank Creed
Vision 2030 (10-year period)
77 Bank Group SDG Declaration ~More than ever, and forever, with our region~
Short-term Management Plan
                                                                                                 18
77 Bank Group SDG Declaration ~More than ever, and forever, with our region.~
The 77 Bank Group, in keeping with the philosophy of the Bank Creed passed down from our founders—“The Bank’s progress goes hand in hand with prosperity in the local community”—aims to contribute to the future of the region and the realization of a sustainable society by working toward the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) on a Group-wide basis.
     1. Revitalization of the regional economy
We aim to contribute to the realization of a sustainable society through consulting with, and building partnerships with, local governments and corporate and individual customers.
3. Encouraging and supporting the activities of our employees
We are creating an organization where each and every employee and officer can engage in a diverse range of activities.
                   2. Responding to global warming and climate change
Through our responses to climate change, we will contribute to the protection of Earth from destruction and contribute to urban development that is more in harmony with nature.
4. Advancing corporate governance
We will collaborate appropriately with our stakeholders to strengthen and enhance corporate governance.
 | 1 | Revitalization of the Regional Economy
The Bank aims to contribute to the realization of a sustainable society through consulting with, and building partnerships with, regional public bodies and corporate and individual customers.
Second “77 Regional Revitalization Business Matching Event”
For five days, between January 28 and February 3, 2021, we held the second “77 Regional Revitalization Business Matching Event.”
The purpose of this event is to promote collaboration between regional public bodies and private companies as a means of finding solutions to the challenges faced by regional public bodies. This initiative has attracted significant attention from around Japan, including receiving an award from the Minister in charge of Regional Revitalization in FY2020 as a “unique initiative” by a financial institution, etc. that contributes to regional revitalization.
Looking ahead, the Bank will continue to cooperate with regional public bodies as we actively promote initiatives aimed at improving community value.
Response to the COVID-19 pandemic
In order to respond quickly to management consultations from customers affected by the spread of COVID-19, in March 2020 we established a “COVID-19 Emergency Support Team” consisting of employees responsible for sales and credit supervision from headquarters with expert knowledge, experience, and experience, and have since been consulted about various different topics.
Going forward, the Bank will continue to provide finely tuned support aimed at solving the issues faced by regional customers through the smooth provision of funds and consulting services.
●Consulting Promotion Division employees were stationed at core branches in Miyagi Prefecture and supported clients
●Credit Supervision Division employees visited each branch for credit supervision
         Activities of the COVID-19 Emergency Support Team
 ●COVID-19 related loan performance (including changes in loan conditions)
●Status of loans with effectively nil interest rate, involving no collateral (in Miyagi Prefecture)
●Consultations concerning matters other than loans related to COVID-19, by the COVID-19 Emergency Support Team
7,510 cases / JPY 368.8 billion
5,137 cases / JPY 104.6 billion
8,348 cases
 Business matching: 1,515 cases, Business succession and M&A: 1,065 cases, Asset management: 787 cases, Real estate: 502 cases, Subsidies: 378 cases, Privately placed corporate bonds: 164 cases, Funds: 75 cases, Various lending consultations, etc.: 2,668 cases, Other: 1,194 cases
* The data above is as of March 31, 2021
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |19
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

    | 2 | Responding to Global Warming and Climate Change
Taking into consideration the fact that climate change has become an issue shared by the whole global community, including unusual global weather phenomena and increasing damage from natural disasters, the Bank announced its support for the recommendations of the TCFD* in July 2021. In order to contribute to the protection of Earth from destruction and contribute to urban development that is more in harmony with nature, the Bank will actively implement initiatives that target issues such as climate change.
Our responses to four items proposed in the TCFD recommendations are described below.
*TCFD(Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures)
A taskforce established in December 2015 by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) and led by private-sector companies with the aim of promoting the disclosure of climate-related financial information by companies
Response to TCFD recommendations
In future, we will consider measures such as the establishment of a committee to actively deliberate a response to issues related to climate change, etc.
Based on the understanding that responding to sustainability issues, including climate change, is a key management issue, we have positioned the “77 Bank Group SDG Declaration” as values shared across the Group within our new management plan “Vision 2030.” In addition to the “77 Bank Group SDG Declaration,” which focuses on “responding to global warming and climate change” as a priority issue, we will also actively support businesses, etc. that contribute to solving environmental and social issues, determine “Lending Policies for Specific Businesses” based around not financing businesses that pose a risk of negative impact to the environment and society, and actively engage in initiatives related to financing for renewable energy, etc.
■Opportunities
We understand that there are business opportunities in businesses and innovation that contribute to easing or adapting to climate change, such as renewable energy, and that are necessary for the transition to the “decarbonized society” targeted by the Paris Agreement and the SDGs. Based on this understanding, we are supporting the transition to a low-carbon society from a financial perspective through project financing related to relevant projects, arranging financing, and other means. ●Renewable energy-related funding: 354 cases / ¥162.7 billion (as of March 31, 2021)
■Risks and scenario analyses
We are aware of both physical and transitional risks related to climate change, and will consider such matters as methods of scenario analysis related to climate change in future.
●In terms of physical risks, we envision credit risk caused by climate change affecting the business activities and
changing the businesses circumstances of the Bank’s clients, etc., as well as operational risks associated with
damage to bank branches, etc.
●In terms of transitional risks, we envision risks such as increased credit risk related to clients receiving financing that
are affected by the transition to a low-carbon society, such as those that must respond to stronger climate-related regulation, etc.
We are aware that physical and transitional risk associated with climate change may have a major financial impact on the 77 Bank Group in future. As such, in future, we will take steps to build risk management systems related to climate change, within the context of an integrated risk management framework.
Based on the “Environmental Policy” that we established in 2012, we are promoting activities aimed at conserving the environment, and we have set a target in our new management plant, “Vision 2030,” of reducing CO2 emissions across the 77 Bank Group by 46% by FY2031 compared with FY2014. Furthermore, in FY2020, we succeeded in reducing CO2 emissions by 26.6% compared with FY2014.
Lending policies for specific businesses
In order to contribute to achieving a sustainable society, the Bank will actively support businesses, etc. that work to solve environmental and social issues, and has also set forth the following Lending Policy related to businesses that pose a risk of negative impact to the environment and society.
1. Environmental protection
We will not support projects that may have a significant negative impact on the environment, such as illegal deforestation or the development of palm oil plantations that damage biodiversity.
2. Transition to a low-carbon society
As a general rule, we will not finance the construction of new coal-fired power plants. In the case of replacement projects, we will consider lending only to projects that employ eco-friendly high-efficiency power generation technologies (ultra-supercritical pressure technology or technologies providing equivalent power generation performance), with final decisions to be made carefully based on comprehensive analysis of the project’s impact on the environment, etc.
1. Prevention of human rights violations
We will not finance business operators involved in human trafficking, child labor, or forced labor, regardless of the purpose for the loan.
2. Elimination of inhumane weapons
We will not finance business operators involved in the development and manufacturing of inhumane weapons, such as cluster munitions, regardless of the purpose for the loan.
Environmental Policy
In 2012, the Bank established an “Environmental Policy,” and we are promoting activities aimed at conserving the environment, in order to create a sustainable society.
                     Basic Principle
The 77 Bank believes that it has a social responsibility to protect the beautiful and abundant natural environment and to pass it down to the next generation in an improved state as a good corporate citizen. Based on the mindset to “Elevate the Spirit of Voluntary Service,” which is the first item in the Bank Creed, our basic principle of management, the Bank aims to be a company that coexists with regional society, and for this reason the Bank is actively and continuously engaged in environmental conservation activities aimed at creation of a sustainable society.
Action Guidelines
1. We will comply with laws and regulations, agreements, and other matters related to the environment to which the Bank has agreed.
2. We will promote energy conservation, resource conservation and recycling activities, and work to reduce our environmental burden.
3. We will support customers involved in environmental conservation through the provision of environmentally-friendly financial products and services. 4. We will conduct awareness raising activities to deepen the awareness of each and every officer and employee regarding the environment and
promote environmental conservation activities in regional society.
 20
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |21
Item
Governance
Lending to solar sharing project
In January 2021, the 77 Bank Group provided financing to a large-scale agricultural power business (solar sharing) operated by Nihommatsu Agricultural Solar Co., Ltd. in Nihommatsu City, Fukushima, which will generate solar power while also operating an agricultural business.
This solar sharing business is a large-scale power generation business that will utilize approximately 68,000 m2 of farmland in Nihommatsu City, Fukushima. Sunlight is shared between agricultural production and power generation, and the business has attracted attention as a model for the next-generation utilization of farmland.
The Bank will continue to contribute to achieving the SDGs by supporting the introduction of power generated from renewable energy and other means.
CO2 emissions from the Bank’s facilities 16,795
(t-CO2)
12,327
Details of response
 Strategy
Risk management
Indicators and targets
  Concept image of completed facility (actual facility will be approximately 40 times larger)
FY2015
15,903
Lending policies for specific businesses
 FY2014
FY2016
15,341
FY2017
13,823
FY2018
13,289
FY2019
12,476
FY2020
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section
Environmental issues Societal issues

          Certified Platinum Kurumin, a special certification pursuant to the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children
Certified “Gold Certified Company” for successfully utilizing the potential of female talent in Miyagi Prefecture
Certified “Eruboshi (Grade 3),” commending general business proprietors for promoting female participation, pursuant to the Act on Promotion of Women's Participation and Advancement in the Workplace
Chosen as a constituent of MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index, which recognizes companies with outstanding efforts in promoting the participation and advancement of women in the workplace*
(as of June 2021)
Selected as company to receive “Commendation for a Model Business Committed to Creating Attractive Workplace” from Miyagi Prefecture and Miyagi Labour Bureau
 Promote health and productivity management ~A healthy body is capital~
1. Formulation of the Health and Productivity Management Declaration
2. Strengthening health management measures
3. Improving the work environment
4. Raising employee awareness of health management
Certified as “Health and productivity Management Organization 2021 (White 500)”
The Bank is implementing initiatives aimed at conserving and promoting the health of employees, such as making all Bank sites completely non-smoking. On March 4, 2021, the Bank was certified as a “Health and Productivity Management Organization 2021 (White 500)” for the second consecutive year, under the “Health and Productivity Management Organization Certification System” implemented by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Nippon Kenko Kaigi.
 Establish an environment where diverse human resources can demonstrate their full potential
~Rewarding working environments~
1. Strengthening initiatives to promote the active participation of women
2. Utilizing seniors, part-timers, etc.
Formulation of action plan
From the perspective of creating a working environment that enables women to heighten their awareness of advancing in their career and tackle their work with a positive attitude, while also maximizing the abilities of each individual and enabling them to play an active role at work, the Bank formulated the “Action Plan for General Businesses (Third),” based on the “Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace.”
●Period of plan: April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2026 (five years) ●Target: (1) Increase the percentage of women in management
positions to 18% or more
(2) Reduce the average number of hours worked on days off to less than 10 hours per person per month
(3) Maintain an annual rate of taking paid time off of 70% or more
3. Revision of personnel evaluation systems 4. Introduction of Business Casual Day
Proportion of female managers
(%)
20
10
0
18.0
Mar-26 (target)
   8.5
Mar-11
13.4
Mar-21
   Develop promising human capital ~People make companies~
1. Fostering an organizational culture of self-education
2. Enhancement of consulting capabilities through human resources development programs, etc.
3. Initiatives aimed at career development support
4. Initiatives aimed at improving abundant personal capabilities
Training of specialist personnel through external secondments
The 77 Bank Group utilizes the qualities of each individual to develop “human resources that serve a purpose for customers and local communities” and “human resources that contribute to corporate reform,” which will serve as an asset for the Bank into the future.
 Main organizations accepting secondments
 Digital technology
International business and markets
Solutions business field
Regional revitalization field
Japan Digital Design, Inc., MEJAR Digital Innovation Hub
Japan External Trade Organization (UK), Bangkok Bank (Thailand), Miyagi Prefecture’s Dalian Office (China), etc.
Mizuho Bank, MUFG Bank, Development Bank of Japan, etc.
Regional public bodies (Miyagi Prefecture and Sendai City) , (General Incorporated Association)Tohoku Tourism Promotion Organization
As of May 31, 2021
2 persons
9 persons 11 persons 3 persons 25 persons
     Realize work-life balance ~From work-work to work-life~
1. Strengthen efforts aimed at reducing total working hours
2. Supporting employees to balance work and childcare/nursing, etc.
“Diversity Promotion Course” day-off seminar
We held a “Work Work Sukoyaka (Healthy) Club” seminar online for employees taking time off for childcare, etc., and a total of 32 employees took part, including people participating as married couples. On the day, Sayuri Takeshita, Representative Director of Fathering Japan TOHOKU, an NPO, spoke about balancing childcare, housework, and work with a view to making a smooth return to the workplace.
     | 3 | Encouraging and Supporting the Activities of Our Employees
The Bank is committed to creating a highly productive organization where each and every officer and employee can participate in a diverse range of activities in a healthy state of mind and body, and with a sense of “job accomplishment” and “fulfillment” toward their work.
External evaluation of our efforts
Certified as “Health and productivity Management Organization 2021 (White 500)”
Won top award in Miyagi Prefecture FY2021 awards for “Companies Supporting Active Participation by Men and Women and Cheerful Child-raising”
*Notes on MSCI indexes and logos, etc. THE INCLUSION OF The 77 Bank, Ltd., IN ANY MSCI INDEX, AND THE USE OF MSCI LOGOS, TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS OR INDEX NAMES HEREIN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE A SPONSORSHIP, ENDORSEMENT OR PROMOTION OF The 77 Bank, Ltd., BY MSCI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES.
THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES AND LOGOS ARE TRADEMARKS OR SERVICE MARKS OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES.
          22
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |23
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

    | 4 | Advancing corporate governance
The Bank endeavors to strengthen and enhance corporate governance in accordance with the following basic approach,
while appropriately cooperating with stakeholders.
・In accordance with the Bank Creed, which is our basic principle of management, we will operate business that give constant
consideration to the public mission of a regional bank — contributing to the development of the regional economy and
society — through banking operations.
・We will improve the transparency of management and the appropriateness of processes and work together appropriately
with stakeholders including the regional society, clients, and shareholders for the Bank’s sustained growth and improvements in corporate value over the medium- to long-term.
 ■ Steps to enhance and strengthen governance
       2014 Introduced
Executive Officer system
2015
●Established “Corporate Governance Policy”
●Established “Corporate Governance Committee”
2017
●Transitioned to a company with an audit & supervisory committee
●Revised officer compensation plan (introduced performance-linked compensation plan)
2018
●Revised Executive Officer system
●Elected female officer
2019
Increased number
of Outside Directors (female)
2020
Increased number of Outside Directors
2021
Creation of “Operating Officers Committee”
 ■ Improvements in governance
The Bank transitioned in June 2017 from a company with the Board of Corporate Auditors to a company
with an Audit & Supervisory Committee to improve corporate value through further enhancement of corporate governance, which was followed by initiatives for developing further effective corporate governance structure through appointing Outside Directors and female Directors.
Jun-17
Jun-18
Jun-19
■ Evaluating the effectiveness of the board of directors
■ Creation of operating officers committee Since the introduction of an Executive Officer system in 2014,
The 77 Bank has taken steps to strengthen and speed up functions related to the execution of business operations by increasing the number of Executive Officers and other means. In order to further strengthen systems related to the execution of business execution by Executive Officers, The 77 Bank established an “Operating Officer Committee” in June 2021.
■ Revitalization of our organization through various committees
In order to strengthen risk management and consider policies that take changes in the times into consideration, the Bank has established various cross-organizational committees consisting of officers and persons responsible for our operations.
■ Enhancement of IR and SR activities
The Bank is actively involved in IR and SR activities including the holding of corporate briefings for institutional investors and individual investors (IR), and engaging in dialogue to build relationships of trust with shareholders (SR), so that stakehold- ers can understand the management conditions of the Bank.
■ Communication of message to employees
In order to deepen employees’ understanding of changes in the environment surrounding the Bank, the management issues facing the Bank, and other issues, the Bank has been holding the “77 President’s School,” led by the President of the Bank.
Additionally, in order to promote an understanding of “Vision 2030” and communicate the concept that it is key that every employee thinks for themselves and acts proactively as a message from senior management, we are also holding “Vision 2030 Briefings” at headquarters and bank branches, with speakers including the President, Senior Managing Director, and Managing Directors. At these briefings, we ensure there is a lively exchange of opinions, including Q&A sessions, as part of our aim to “establish a corporate culture of taking on new challenges.”
Changes in the number of Executive Officers
 Director
6.2% 1/16 persons
11.7% 2/17 persons
Outside Director
Female Director
(people)
15
10
5
0
9 9 12 12
  Director Outside Director Total number Ratio of Outside Directors Ratio of female Directors of Directors
 Audit &
Supervisory 2
Committee Member
persons
Audit &
Supervisory 2
Committee Member
persons
12 persons
 8 persons
2 persons
3 persons
3 persons
19 persons
26.3% 5/19 persons
 3 persons
16 persons
37.5% 6/16 persons
 From Jun-20
Audit &
Supervisory 2
Committee Member
persons
Audit &
Supervisory 2
Committee persons Member
8 persons
7 persons
3 persons
4 persons
4 persons
17 persons
41.1% 7/17 persons
  4 persons
17 persons
47.0% 8/17 persons
11.7% 2/17 persons
 Jun-17
Jun-18
Jun-19 Jun-20
Jun-21
       ●Compliance Committee ●Internal Control Committee
●Operating Officers Committee
●ALM / Earnings Management Committee
●Earthquake Reconstruction and Financial Facilitation Promotion Committee
●Digital Strategy Investigation Committee
●Paperwork-free Promotion Committee
●Senior Service Support Investigation Committee
12 in 2020: 92 participants 6 in 2021: 80 participants
1 in 2021: 848 participants 7 in 2021: 907 participants
           Recent holding of corporate briefings (year and month held / number of participants)
    Corporate briefings for institutional investors (Conference calls)
  Corporate briefings for individual investors (Online briefings)
    24
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |25
The Bank’s “Corporate Governance Policy” stipulates that the effectiveness of the Board of Directors as a whole is analyzed and evaluated at the end of each fiscal year, and a summary of the results is disclosed.
After deliberation by the Corporate Governance Committee, the Board of Directors conducted an analysis and evaluation of the overall effectiveness of the Board of Directors for FY2021 at its annual meeting on May 14, 2021.
In this context, we have confirmed that the effectiveness of the Board of Directors as a whole has been ensured.
On the other hand, with the aim of further improving the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, the following matters have been confirmed and shared, and we intend to make improvements in the future.
・To endeavor to strengthen supervisory functions in anticipation of the advancement of the digital transformation, etc. ・To review the management of the Board of Directors to further invigorate discussions.
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

 Shota Sato
Joined in 2016
Personnel Division Diversity Promotion Office
Joined in 2010
Business Promotion Division Wealth Management Office
Azusa Uchikata
Joined in 2013
Consulting Promotion Division Structured Finance Section
Atsutomo Gunji
Mao Umetsu
Joined in 2012
Direct Channel Promotion Division Direct Channel Promotion Section
Joined in 2016
Digital Strategy Division Digital Strategy Section
Tomoka Yamauchi
Joined in 2015
Regional Development Promotion Division Regional Development Promotion Section
Yuki Kumagai
Joined in 2013 Treasury Division Securities Section
Motoki Hosaka
   Special Feature
What are your views on “Vision 2030” in terms of the operations you oversee and your own growth?
Uchikata: In addition to asset management, we take many consultations from individual customers on matters related to administering assets and asset succession, such as civil trusts and testamentary trust services. I feel that listening to the issues and thoughts not just of our customers, but also of every member of their families and watching over the transfer of assets between generations is an important role that we must fulfil as a financial institution. With regard to “support life-planning for individuals” in “Vision 2030,” I think it is important that we offer “total support for all generations,” including customers’ children and grandchildren. As such, I would like to acquire a broad range of knowledge in areas such as tax and legal matters related to personal succession, income, etc., and financial gerontology, which I can then use to fulfill customers’ expectations, thereby also contributing to my own growth.
Gunji: As the Bank faces a difficult external environment, we will be left behind by the market if we focus on maintaining the status quo, and we cannot miss any opportunities to
Asking the Next Generation about Their “Target Form for the Future”
Toward achieving “Vision 2030” and the future beyond
As we look to achieve “Vision 2030,” which was formulated based on 10-year timeframe, through 2030, we spoke to young employees working at the forefront of our businesses about how they view their own relationship to “Vision 2030” and how they intend to make it a reality.
 contribute to the development of our customers and local communities. Under the strong message made clear in “Vision 2030,” that the Bank will “take on new challenges and leave behind the style of relying on the status quo,” I will utilize my own experience of having been seconded to a megabank to actively and boldly take on new challenges that will lead to expansion in the scope of our businesses and our customer base in the Tohoku region, where there is still significant room for growth in structured finance and syndicated loans, enabling the 77 Bank Group to act as a leader in these domains and demonstrate a strong presence. In order to do so, I intend to take the initiative in acquiring specialist knowledge in areas such as financial law and new funding methods, and actively promote related business activities.
Umetsu: In my current department, I feel on a daily basis that people lead a vast variety of different lifestyles, and face many different issues and restrictions as they work. Under these conditions, we must create an environment that allows for a wider range of career paths, and implement reforms from the dual perspective of the workplace environment and our mindset, to enable each and every employee to enjoy a long career, with a sense of purpose. Regarding the target of “increase the proportion of women in management positions to 30% or more” in “Vision 2030,” I hope we can create a company where a diverse range of people can actively participate regardless of gender, disabilities, age, nationality, or other factor, so much so that we cease to use the term “women’s active participation in the workplace,” in a good way. As such, I intend to focus on promoting diversity and inclusion.
Sato: The “digital transformation” is one of the key factors in “Vision 2030,” and I am conscious of the fact that strengthen- ing our services in non-face-to-face channels for both retail
and corporate customers has become a pressing issue given the acceleration in digitalization brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic. I work in developing new channels, and I intend to focus on learning new skills on a daily basis to enable me to execute my duties with a sense of speed, amid the dramatic rise in new entrants from companies in other industries and fintech companies. At the same time, I intend to take steps to shift our points of contact with customers from traditional bank branches and ATMs to non-face-to-face channels such as online banking and apps, while also strengthening our presence not just in finance, but also in the non-financial services sector. I will exert every effort to ensure that I am able to contribute the growth of The 77 Bank.
conventional culture. In order to achieve the future that we are targeting in “Vision 2030,” I would like to promote various reforms based on digital technology, while firmly identifying the changes and trends in systems and times that have persisted from the Bank’s past to our present.
Hosaka: In response to the global expansion of ESG investment and sustainable investment, new products and strategies are being introduced in the asset management industry on a daily basis. In relation to “ESG investment,” a priority measure in “Vision 2030,” we are focusing on areas such as formulating methods for selecting ESG stocks and projects that will offer a foothold for ESG investment through investment trusts. I intend for “Vision 2030” to serve as my guiding compass as I contribute to the achievement of our target form by acting proactively and demonstrating my planning abilities.
Kumagai: In the Regional Development Promotion Section, we promote regional revitalization. As one of our recent initiatives, we held a “Regional Revitalization Business Matching Event” where solutions from private-sector compa- nies were offered as solutions to regional issues faced by regional public bodies. Through this initiative, I felt it is essen- tial for the long-term sustainable growth of the Bank that we revitalize Miyagi Prefecture. While there are limits to what one person can achieve, I am conscious on a day-to-day basis of developing my ability to analyze past events, my ability to consider the present from a broad perspective, and my ability to create the future, enabling me to contribute to customers and local communities through my work, and thus helping the Bank move closer to our target form laid out in “Vision 2030.”
  26
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |27
Yamauchi: In order to achieve the “best mix of face-to-face and non-face-to-face services” in our business model, as targeted by the digital shift indicated by the “digital transfor- mation” key factor in “Vision 2030,” I will promote reforms across banking operations while considering measures to release employees from the burden of administrative work by utilizing AI, robotic process automation (RPA), and tablets. In the digital sector, where reform and evolution move at a rapid pace, I feel it is particularly necessary that we have flexible ideas and futuristic ways of thinking unconstrained by

Round-table talk with the Next Generation
Looking toward 2040, after achieving “Vision 2030”
Theme: DX and ESG
Yamauchi: In the Digital Strategy Division, we are promoting digital strategy from five perspectives: “non-face-to-face channel reform,” “bank branch reform,” “paperwork-free reform,” “data utilization reform,” and “digital reforms for employees.” Looking ahead to 2030 and beyond, however, I think we must not be constrained by the existing framework of banking, and instead create businesses that go one step further toward utilizing both finance and digital technology. As digital banks appear that are not restricted by the regions in which they are located, I think that, as a regional bank with a base in Miyagi, the deepening of knowledge related to digital technologies by employees of the Bank and the enhancement of our digital services, as well as the strengthening of relation- ships with our customers through face-to-face channels, can all act as a great source of competitive superiority. What are your thoughts on this matter?
other banks is for us to utilize the Bank’s information resources and our customer base to create an integrated platform, and focus strongly on the information-sharing aspects. If we can give our customers the peace of mind that they “might find a solution by checking with The 77 Bank,” I think it will enable us to maintain the trust of the local community right through to 2040.
Umetsu: When promoting the DX, human resources with more specialist skills will be necessary. In order to address the increasingly varied needs of our customers, it is essential that we become a company with a diverse range of human resources, including both generalists and specialists. On the other hand, by 2040, I think human resources will be more fluid and the age of people working for their entire careers for one company will be over. As such, we must continuously make efforts to improve our appeal as a company capable of retaining precious highly specialized human resources. Kumagai: In the Regional Development Promotion Division, we are promoting the use of the DX to move to paperless processes, even in our dealings with municipalities, etc. In doing so, we aim to accelerate the process of making our operations more efficient.
Uchikata: In my own actual experience, I found that reducing administrative work through paperless and seal-less process- es, lead to benefits such as less overtime work, as well as higher efficiency. In the Wealth Management Office, we are strengthening consulting operations, an area where the utilization of the DX is essential for enabling the assignment of more manpower and labor hours.
Kumagai: Paperless processes also contribute to sustainable development as a company by reducing our burden on the environment.
Gunji: As society at large shifts toward decarbonization, I think the Bank must lead the creation of opportunities for environmentally friendly businesses in Miyagi Prefecture. In order to do so, in my work, we must focus more on ESG- based financing. I think that providing funds related to ESG to companies in the prefecture will contribute to the spread of ESG management.
Hosaka: From my perspective, many companies that have received praise for their ESG efforts are proactively disclosing information related to ESG, such as KPI targets and the status of progress. People from the Tohoku region tend to be quite reserved, so I think there is an issue related to the active sharing of information that promotes companies from an ESG perspective, and this applies to the Bank too. In this regard, I hope that we can communicate information about the Bank’s initiatives and our target form through disclosure materials such as the Integrated Report.
Theme: Contribution to regional revitalization
Kumagai: In surveys submitted after a business matching event for regional public bodies held in February 2021, many respondents answered that for the “next theme,” they would like “the digital transformation (DX)” and “the stimulation of tourism to attract nonresidents.” Matching with private-sector companies will continue to be an important role of banks. What are your ideas for other initiatives that will contribute to regional revitalization?
face-to-face consulting for individual customers will still be necessary, and the value we create with that consulting will directly contribute to customer satisfaction. For this reason, I think it is important that we develop our operations at bank branches to be more specialized for consulting for retail customers.
Hosaka: When I think about it in terms of my own work, I think one idea is for us to carefully select stocks that contribute to regional revitalization with head offices in Sendai and the region, and add them to our portfolio. Many investors find it difficult to add regional companies to their portfolios owing to difficulties with visiting the companies for research, etc. On the flip side, this means there might be some excellent undiscovered regional companies, with share prices that have the potential to increase in value many times over. Surely if we make medium- to long-term investments in such companies, it will contribute to regional revitalization?
Gunji: As you say, Motoki, I think there are many excellent companies in Miyagi Prefecture. As we move toward the DX in Miyagi, solutions to issues such as the falling population, etc., there is a possibility of an increase in companies driving the regional economy. In addition to funding, we must address these companies’ varied needs, such as workstyle reform and asset management, and provide solutions that will contribute to our customers’ growth.
Sato: In this age, when it is said that average lifespans will approach 100 years, I also think that it will contribute to stimulating local communities if, as a bank, we play a key role in building the foundations for the circulation of assets by creating an environment where children born in Miyagi Prefecture and the Tohoku region can feel as though they want to live in the region for the next 100 years.
  Umetsu: Thinking about it in relation to my own work, I think the Bank must create systems that enable a diverse range of human resources to participate in a flexible manner, in order to respond to the increasingly diversified needs of municipalities and private-sector companies. This does not just mean the active participation of women; it will be important that a diverse range of human resources - including people with disabilities, non-Japanese, and LGBT people - can enjoy a good work-life balance and participate in regional revitalization while utilizing their strengths.
Yamauchi: That’s right. Plus, in the area where the Bank operates, there is Sendai, which is a city designated by government ordinance, but there are also many areas where the population is falling and aging. As such, when we think about issues related to digital devices, etc., I feel that we must consider the unique characteristics of each area when implementing measures to support the DX at municipalities. On the other hand, as we look toward 2040, I think it will be vital that as employees of the Bank, we utilize the DX to create flexible workstyles. At the same time, we must also utilize digital technologies to enhance the level of our services and improve convenience at our branches, to ensure that we can continue to serve our customers even as the population falls.
Sato: One feature of digital technologies is that they “are not confined by place.” I hope that we can create services that utilize this fact. Surely it will contribute to regional revitaliza- tion if we create an environment to ensure that in future, even if the number of workers and bank branches falls as a result of population decline, customers in areas where there are no branches of the Bank nearby can access the services they need?
Uchikata: People in their 60s now will be in their 80s in 2040, so I think there will be a significant increase in non-face-to- face transactions using smartphones. On the other hand,
Kumagai: That’s right. As a regional bank with roots in the local community, it will be important that we promote workstyle reform and the DX in Miyagi Prefecture while continuing initiatives that contribute to invigorating our customers, in order to ensure that our management remains sustainable through 2030 and even going on to 2040. We will be the bank of choice for those around us, and a partner that people want to work with. I think this should be what we want to achieve.
Sato: Personally, I am always considering our services from the perspective of strengthening the “non-financial” side of our business, with the aim of throwing away the idea that “it is like this because we are a bank,” and instead becoming a company that our customers know they can rely on when they are unsure about things. For example, I aim to create the kind of service where if a customer is unsure what to have for lunch, they might want to check the Bank’s app for ideas. One of the strengths of regional banks is that we possess a rich range of information thanks to our local network of connections. I think there may be possibilities for new businesses based on sharing that information.
Gunji: Certainly, if the tools that banks have for sharing information become more popular, it might unlock various possibilities, both in the B2B and the mass-market sectors. Many of our customers that are SMEs, etc., rely on individuals for skills related to finance and accounting, etc. I think it would be good if we could create a system that can support the growth of these companies by matching businesses and solving these issues with DX-related skills, thereby enabling the companies to use their resources on the operations that they should be focusing on as companies.
Hosaka: I think the Bank must take steps that differentiate us from our competitors in the realm of the DX, as different banks are rapidly taking a more proactive stance and actively implementing initiatives in this area. From the perspective of an investor, the share prices of banks are trending downward across the industry, and it appears investors are questioning the banking business model itself. Under such circumstances, if we can demonstrate competitive superiority centered on the DX, I think it will become easier for investors to reevaluate the price of our shares. For example, as the top regional bank in Miyagi Prefecture, I think one possibility for differentiation from
 28
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |29

                                                                 Leading company creating a path to the future
Basic Strategies to Achieve “Our Target Form”
01
02
03
04
                                              Top customer satisfaction strategy
       Double productivity strategy
         Regional growth strategy
         Corporate culture reform strategy
                              30
  01
Top customer satisfaction strategy
Inspire through consulting and digital technologies!
     The 77 Bank Group aims to be the leading bank for customer satisfaction by offering an amazing customer experience (inspiration) that competitors cannot match.
 Strengthen relations with corporate customers
Our KPIs related to strengthening our relations with corporate customers are to “increase the proportion of companies in Miyagi for whom we are their main bank by 10%” and to “increase the number of corporate lending clients outside Miyagi by 1.5x.” The background to these KPIs lies in our desire to eliminate the concern that the region will lose vitality as the number of business sites declines in line with the aging society, low birthrate, and falling population. It is expected that the population will continue to fall in the Tohoku region, and more companies will enter the Sendai economic area. Amid these conditions, the Bank aims to stimulate the region as a whole by providing high-quality services and at the same time acting as a pipe offering a connection to the Tohoku region as a whole and the Sendai economic area.
In order to further strengthen collaboration between bank branches and headquarters, and promote high value-added consulting services, in April 2018, we created “regional support teams” in the Consulting Promotion Division and have been working to solve the management issues of our clients. Additionally, in March 2020, we established the “COVID-19 Emergency Support Team” consisting of employees from the Consulting Promotion Division and the Credit Supervision Division, and enhanced our client support systems, including dispatching sales representatives to regional sites within Miyagi Prefecture.
By May 31, 2021, the “COVID-19 Emergency Support Team” had accepted over 14,000 consultations from customers. Matters related to subsidies, business matching, and other forms of support for core businesses made up the majority of consultations, at approximately 8,000 consulta- tions, but there were also companies facing the issue of business continuity, and the number of consultations related to business succession and M&A is increasing.
In order to promote consulting services rooted in custom- ers’ needs as we look to achieve KPIs in future, we will continue to offer cashflow support to clients affected by COVID-19 and continue to support business improvements and rehabilitation, while at the same time further strengthen- ing corporate sales systems by increasing the number of liaison officers from headquarters. Additionally, we will also strengthen loan management and support from headquar- ters based on business evaluations, while at the same time working to complement and stimulate a diverse range of needs among our customers through the introduction of the “77 Big Advance” management support platform that we began offering in May 2021, including broader marketing channels, business matching, business succession, M&A, securing human resources, and the increased use of IT.
 THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |31
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

     Top customer satisfaction strategy
Top customer satisfaction strategy
 Regarding lending, we have actively focused on addressing the needs of business operators, such as syndicated loans to provide funds for capital expenditure aimed at business expansion. Looking ahead, however, we will strengthen our participation in regional develop- ment projects with significant economic ripple effects, such as the “Sendai Urban Restructuring Project” and the “next-generation synchrotron radiation facility maintenance project.” As the same time, we will also identify new funding demand and use this to secure new corporate clients, including companies entering Miyagi Prefecture. As part of these efforts, we established the “Structured Finance Section” in June 2021, in order to strengthen our measures targeting regional redevelop- ment, renewable energy facilities, etc. In August 2020, we established a “Structured Finance System Strength- ening Project Team,” and have been considering ways to make credit supervision and risk management systems more advanced. We will also work together with funds managed by “77 Capital,” a 77 Bank Group company, to enhance our earnings opportunities on both the lending and equity sides in areas such as project financing for renewable energy and PFI projects, asset financing for real estate, etc., and acquisition financing for M&A.
‒Interview‒
Iwasaki Dairy Farm LLC (headquartered in Wakuya, Toda, Miyagi) aims to create a “giga-farm” in order to stabilize the supply of raw milk in the region amid raw milk shortages driven by the increase in people leaving agriculture as the population ages, etc. The company used a syndicated loan with the Bank as the lead arranger as funds for major capital expenditure, including the introduction of robotic milking equipment.
Support life-planning for individuals
Our KPIs related to supporting life-planning for individual customers are to “increase the proportion of households in Miyagi ‘holding assets’ to the national average or higher” and to “ensure that 20% of the population of Miyagi (aged 20-74) use loans from the 77 Bank.”
~Increasing the proportion of households holding assets~
To ensure that people lead lives filled with happiness in a super-aged society, described as “the age of 100-year lifespans,” the enhancement of financial literacy and long-term asset formation will be essential. In particular, there is an increasing need to prepare “funds for old age,” said to be one of the three great expenses in life. Given the present low-interest rate environment, however, it cannot be said that managing such funds with deposits will be sufficient. According to the “National Consumption Trends Survey” by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, the proportion of house- holds holding assets in Miyagi Prefecture (the proportion holding shares or equity investment trusts) is approximately 14%, which is a relatively low level across Japan as a whole. Accordingly, as a regional financial institution, we intend to increase that proportion to at least 21%, the national average.
The Bank will interact with customers in a broad variety of
ways and support the life-planning of each of our customers by becoming a partner that works with our customers to find solutions for the various issues they face, while also supporting the circulation of assets beyond generations, to customers’ children and grandchildren. Furthermore, in September 2020, we also established a “Senior Service Support Investigation Committee” chaired by the President, and we are considering potential services that support senior citizens from the perspective of “succession,” “nursing care and cognitive decline,” and “longer lives,” based on surveys and research focused on “financial gerontology.*”
Based on the above, the Bank has set forth the two core pillars of support for the life-planning of individuals as “enhanc- ing life-planning support to enable lifelong transactions” and “measures to address the increased risk of cognitive decline.”
With regard to “enhancing life-planning support to enable lifelong transactions,” we intend to build systems for continuing transactions with customers beyond generations, while at the same time making various proposals tailored to customers’ life events.
Additionally, it will be particularly important that we address the issue of “leaving behind assets,” as we watch over the asset circulation between generations. At the Bank, we are strength- ening our initiatives related to “trusts,” which are considered an effective method for “leaving behind assets.” In April 2021, we added “testamentary substitute trusts” and “annual gift trusts” to our trust product line-up. Furthermore, in order to fulfill demand from customers who “wish to leave assets to parties other than
      * Financial gerontology refers to academic studies focused on the appropriate administration and management of the assets of elderly people.
     32
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |33
Manager, Structured Finance Section, Consulting Promotion Division
Reiji Sato
Structured finance refers to loans provided for specific businesses and assets, such as project financing and asset financing, in accordance with an assessment of profitability
and business potential based on the cashflows generated by the business or asset. It is notable for the fact that it enables fundraising that is separated from the creditworthi- ness of the company as a whole. For example, in March 2020, the Bank acted as the arranger for project financing between six regional banks in Tohoku for one of the largest wind power projects in Miyagi Prefecture, in the Kami district. In August 2020, the Bank also provided project financing as the sole lender for a large solar power project in the Futaba district, Fukushima Prefecture. Large-scale lending is accompanied by some risk, but we are continu- ously implementing measures to manage risk and enhance our abilities to supervise projects. Our mission is to contrib- ute to social and economic development in Miyagi Prefec- ture and the Tohoku region, as well as the resolution of social issues, by strengthening our relations with corporate clients, one of the issues raised in “Vision 2030.” As the same time, I believe we must also strengthen our earnings capabilities in order to ensure the sustainable growth of the Bank.
‒Interview‒
In the Wealth Management Office, our mission is to be involved in transactions with individual customers on a lifelong basis, through our support for life-planning in the age of 100-year lifespans. We have prepared a wide range of services and products for individual customers, including investment trusts and insurance. In future, we aim to act as a partner customers in the various life events they face in the age of 100-year lifespans, across three generations in each family. I hope the Bank can be a useful partner for customers in accordance with their life stage and at the same time contribute to improving the financial literacy of our customers, including services to utilize trust schemes and prepare for the risk of cognitive decline for senior citizens, asset formation plans such as Tsumitate (accumu- lation) NISAs for when family members enter the workforce, and plans to provide funds for education when children and grandchildren enter school. I also hope that we will develop good human resources over the 10-year period of “Vision 2030” as we support the life-planning of individual custom- ers.
Wealth Manager, Wealth Management Office, Business Promotion Division
Takayuki Endo
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

     Top customer satisfaction strategy
Top customer satisfaction strategy
 their family,” we entered into “collaborative agreements related to bequests” with Tohoku University, National University Corpo- ration and the Miyagi Branch of the Japanese Red Cross Society in April 2021, as well as Tohoku Gakuin, Incorporated Educational Institution in June 2021.
With regard to “measures to address the increased risk of cognitive decline,” it is important that we prepare for cognitive risk in advance, through the utilization of “civil trusts” and other measures. In October 2018, the Bank began offering “deposit accounts based on civil trust agreements,” followed by “apartment loans based on civil trust agreements” in March 2019. For civil trust agreements, we provide support for trouble-free asset administration through the efforts of the 77 Bank Group as a whole to address the risk of cognitive decline, such as support by “77 Research and Consulting,” a 77 Bank Group company.
We are focusing on “developing human resources” and “strengthening our systems” as concrete measures to achieve the twin aims of “enhancing life-planning support to enable lifelong transactions” and “measures to address the increased risk of cognitive decline.”
In terms of developing human resources, we have been proactively implementing multiple initiatives, including our “program to strengthen individual consulting capabilities” as a form of in-house training that provides practical experience of the whole process from identifying customer needs, to creating a shared understanding of issues among related parties, and offering a solution to the issue, as well as the “77 Money School” for FP Level 1 and persons with a CFP qualification to enable them to acquire the skills to make high-quality proposals, and “bank-brokerage workshops” in collaboration with “77 Securi- ties,” a 77 Bank Group company, based on the “77 Basic Policy on Operations that Put Customer First.”
Regarding the second measure, strengthening systems, we established the “Wealth Management Office” in June 2021, and we have been assigning employees with specialist knowledge to this office and developing a system for accepting various different consultations, in order to provide a one-stop service for addressing a wide range of needs, such as asset succession, not just managing the assets of our customers.
Furthermore, we also believe it is important that we enhance the financial literacy of our customers and the region. At the “Currency and Banking Museum,” which is adjacent to the Bank’s Head Office, we distribute information about finance. In addition, we also sponsored and have opened a branch in “Student City,” a hands-on educational program for elementary school students that Sendai City government is promoting. In
addition, we have been holding a course in collaboration with Tohoku Gakuin University at Tohoku Gakuin, Incorporated Educational Institution based around the theme of banking operations since 2011. Starting in 2021, we also intend to incorporate the theme of “financial gerontology.”
In the “age of 100-year lifespans,” the Bank will continue to support life-planning for individuals, to ensure that our customers can live lives filled with happiness.
When accepting consultations related to inheritance and trusts, our customers use original notebooks created by The 77 Bank called the “77 WISH Notebook,” in which they write down what they want to achieve in their remaining years and think about their future.
~Increasing the proportion of people using loans~
Given changes in the economic environment and lifestyles, it is expected that even individual customers will face various funding needs. At present, however, the number of people using loans from The 77 Bank remains low, at approximately 13% of the population of Miyagi Prefecture. As such, over the next 10 years, we intend to increase the proportion of people using loans to 20% by being a familiar bank that many people use, including a share of deposits in Miyagi Prefecture of 57.3% as of March 31, 2021, leading them to also use loans from the Bank.
As we look to achieve this KPI, with regard to housing loans, we will capture demand related to condominium apartments, which is increasing primarily in Sendai City, by strengthening our collaboration with housing business operators and offering finely tuned service for lending opportunities about which we are approached. Additionally, in relation to unsecured loans, we will focus on occupation-based sales, cross-selling, various promo- tional campaigns, etc., while also working to strengthen the promotion of “100% Web-based Loans” and enhance their functionality, as recently this service has been used for approxi- mately half of the total amount lent of unsecured loans and 80% of the total amount of auto loans lent, partly owing to the impact of COVID-19.
Establish 10 projects in new businesses or sectors, with the potential to become viable businesses in future
With this KPI, we will respond to the increasingly diversified needs of our customers and promote regional revitalization and the stimulation of local communities. In order to do so, we will utilize the “strengths” we have developed thus far and expand the scope of our businesses by leveraging the digital transformation and alliances, as part of our aim to become a leading company that operates a diverse range of businesses with the banking business at our core.
We aim to achieve this KPI by FY2024, but when we consider potential projects, we will focus on the key points of “does it utilize the strengths of the 77 Bank Group?” and “can we leverage synergies with our existing operations?” At the same time, each and every executive and employee will turn their eyes and ears toward the issues and needs of local communities and go beyond the framework of finance to think about how we can contribute to the region. With this as our starting point, we will create profitable businesses from the process of solving regional issues.
As we try to achieve our target, the key to success will lie in “fostering an ambitious corporate culture,” meaning a corporate culture where executives and employees’ ideas are shared within the Group, the fact that they had those ideas is praised, and good ideas are incorporated into our businesses. In April 2021, we called for participation in a “business planning content” for all executives and employees. This contest marked the
‒Interview‒
successful launch of our efforts to establish an ambitious corporate culture, with a total of 170 applications, covering a range of employees from new employees to branch managers.
By having all executives and employees actively take on new challenges, and allowing trial and error, we will establish an ambitious corporate culture while also creating new businesses that are truly needed by our customers.
In relation to this KPI, we have also set a KPI to “double net income of Group companies by entering new businesses and new sectors and expanding existing businesses.”
There are six companies in the 77 Bank Group: 77 Lease, 77 Shin-Yo Hosyo, 77 Card, 77 Securities, 77 Research and Consulting and 77 Capital. We took steps to expand the scope of our businesses by establishing 77 Securities and 77 Research and Consulting in July 2016 and July 2018, respectively, and also strengthened collaboration within the Group by making Group companies wholly owned subsidiaries in November 2016. We intend to double the net income of Group companies as a whole by creating stronger sales systems integrated across the Group through the exchange of human resources within the Group and other means, while also leveraging synergies with projects in new businesses and sectors.
         *A civil trust is a method that allows an aging trustee to entrust the management of assets (real estate, deposits, etc.) to a trusted family member (trustee) in case the trustee loses the ability to make decisions due to dementia, etc. It is also commonly referred to as a “family trust.”
<77> Initiatives for Operations that Put Customers First
The Bank and 77 Securities Co., Ltd. have established the 77 Basic Policy on Operations that Put Customer First in order to promote the provision of quality financial products and service to customers. This policy is complied with executives and employees, and the status of initiatives is announced regularly.
The 77 Basic Policy on Operations that Put Customers First can be viewed here.
Manager, Group Business Strategy Section, General Planning & Coordination Division
Junichi Fujino
In addition to administering the management of Group companies, we also manage the planning and promotion of new businesses and sectors. The establishment of projects in new
businesses and sectors is an important theme in “Vision 2030,” and since this spring, we have increased the number of employees on our team as we look to achieve “our target form.” Recently, we have been considering opportunities to strengthen and enhance our operations in the non-financial sector, such as businesses for senior citizens and staffing services, in addition to the financial sector, including trusts and the regional issue of business succession. The creation of new businesses will contribute to revitalizing the regional economy through the creation of employment, etc. Additionally, the development of the regional economy in Miyagi Prefecture and the wider Tohoku region will contribute not just to the Bank’s interests, but also to the interests of all the stakeholders surrounding the Bank. Uncertainty and risk are always present when “starting something new,” but in order to make the “corporate culture of taking on new challenges” laid out in “Vision 2030” a reality, we will actively promote the creation of businesses from projects in new businesses and sectors, based on a forward-facing stance and reliable judgments. In doing so, we will create a new kind of corporate group, that while remaining a bank, is also a kind of bank that has never existed before.
  34
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |35
The 77 Bank
* Japanese Language only
77 Securities
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

    Double productivity strategy
 02
Double productivity strategy
Reform channels and release from the burden of administrative work!
     The 77 Bank Group will double productivity by releasing bank branches from the burden of administrative work, strengthening our consulting systems, and enhancing the abilities of each individual.
als only available through online registration. In addition, we also overhauled the administrative work of the Loan Group, including concentrating administrative work related to lending at headquarters and expanding the range of products eligible for “100% Web-based Loans,” where the entire process from application to the execution of the loan is completed online. As a result, in FY2021, we saved a total of approximately 200,000 manhours through the reduction of administrative work across all bank branches, equivalent to 107 employees.
From FY2022 onward, we will continue to further accelerate our move toward paperwork-free processes. Specifically, we will reduce administrative work in our Operations Group through such measures as increasing the number of branches whose administrative work is consolidated in the support office, concentrating administration work related to succession, etc., at headquarters, making it such that customers do not need to visit branches for transfers, various forms, procedures in the event of an accident, etc., by enhancing the functions of our non-face-to- face channels and promoting their use, and moving to electronic methods for consulting operations and accepting tax payments. Regarding administrative work in the Loan Group and the Sales Group, we have expanded the range of operations concentrated at headquarters to cover administrative work related to credit ratings and international remittances, and we also “moved payment collection operations to electronic processes” in August 2021, as we received many requests for improvements to these operations from bank branches. Furthermore, headquarters and bank branches will also continue to work
together to make proposals to customers aimed at overhauling inefficient administrative work, and guide customers toward non-face-to-face processes for tax payments, investment trusts, and loan transactions.
In addition to the above, as a medium- to long-term initiative, in May 2021, we began development of a “next-generation SFA and CRM/credit supervision system” together with the banks participating in the “MEJAR” common use system, in order to enhance our ability to make proposals in liaison operations and enhance operational efficiency. We aim to begin operating this system in 2024. This system will eliminate issues related to customer information being entered multiple times and a lack of coordination. It will be a “single input, multi output” system, whereby when information is entered one time, it is automatical- ly reflected in various types of data and forms. Additionally, multiple separate systems had previously been established for “supporting sales,” “managing customers,” and “credit supervi- sion,” but now this system will combine all these elements into a single platform-type system on AWS.* This will thus enable the integration of customer information, including both retail and corporate customers, and make it easy to create links with other services on AWS, which we expect will make liaison operations more efficient and sophisticated in future.
By halving the volume of administrative work at bank branches with the above initiatives, the Bank will rebalance its use of management resources and limit expenses, while also allocating the working hours created to consulting services.
 Double “labor productivity in core operations”
The Bank will take steps to enhance “labor productivity in core operations,” aiming to double productivity over a 10-year period, based on indicator that shows the value added by each employee. In this regard, the Bank has created a unique indicator by replacing “operating income” in the general formula for labor productivity with “interest on loans and bills discounted + fees and commissions - interest on deposits.”
“Labor productivity in core operations” refers to the value added through each employee’s promotion of consulting, based on interest on loans and bills discounted and fees and commissions. However, the Bank will employ three main methods of increasing productivity: “top-line growth” by increasing interest on loans and bills discounted and revenue from fees and commissions, “limiting expenses” through cutting inefficient administrative work, etc., and a “natural attrition in the workforce” by promoting non-face-to-face channels and paperwork-free processes.
Recently, the advancement of digitalization has meant that counter services are shifting from the face-to-face channel to the non-face-to-face channel, including online banking, banking apps, and 100% Web-based Loans. At the same time, the number of customers coming to counters has declined significantly, partly owing to COVID-19. On the other hand, there is an increasing “need for highly specialist consulting services” in relation to issues such as business succession and M&A,
driven in part by the falling birthrate and aging society, as well as a lack of corporate successors. Accordingly, we will increase labor productivity by releasing bank branches from the burden of administrative work and ensuring that they focus on consulting.
Cut amount of administrative work at bank branches by 50%
As customer needs become increasingly diversified in line with the advancement of digitalization, etc., it will be important that we reduce administrative work at bank branches, mainly that related to face-to-face services and the processing of cash, as we look to achieve our target for “labor productivity in core operations.” In March 2020, the Bank established the “Paper- work-free Promotion Committee” chaired by the President, and we are promoting “paperwork-free” initiatives to release bank branches from the burden of administrative work, such as the concentration of bank branch administrative work at headquar- ters and revisions to inefficient administrative work.
In FY2021, while focusing primarily on “reducing and simplifying administrative processes” and “guiding customers to non-face-to-face channels,” we significantly reduced adminis- trative work across our Operations Group by enhancing the functions of our non-face-to-face channels and promoting their usage, including establishing a support office to concentrate back-office administrative work from bank branches at headquarters, in addition to making online banking for individu-
* AWS is an abbreviation for “Amazon Web Services,” referring to cloud services provided by Amazon.
 ‒Interview‒
  36
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |37
Manager, Digital Strategy Section, Digital Strategy Division Hiraku Nakatsugawa
We plan and formulate strategies and measures that utilize digital technologies. The business environment is chang- ing at a blistering pace as a result of the rapid advance of
digitalization, including GAFA, fintech companies, and other companies in different industries becoming competi- tors of the Bank. In this environment, the Bank has specified the “digital transformation” as one of the key factors of “Vision 2030.” Amid these conditions, we have formulated a digital strategy based on the two core pillars of “digital reforms in the banking business” and “creating new businesses,” and are promoting digitalization from the customer’s perspective, based on our strong sense of our mission to utilize digital technologies to fundamentally overhaul banking operations as a whole. Specifically, we will focus on measures such as utilizing big data for marketing, as well as robotic process automation and AI for operations, in order to enhance labor productivity and reduce administrative work. Through these digitalization initiatives, we will create employees and time for offering consulting services to customers, thereby enhancing our presence and brand power as The 77 Bank, the bank that is very attentive to its customers.
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

     Double productivity strategy
Double productivity strategy
 Triple rate of usage of non-face-to-face channels
In order to become a bank that customers can use at any time, in any place, and quickly connect with the 77 Bank, we set a KPI to “triple the rate of usage of non-face-to-face channels.”
In recent years, changes in customer behavior and their increasingly diversified values have led to transformations in society, but this trend has become even more apparent as a result of the spread of COVID-19.Demand among retail customers for the ability to complete all banking transactions “easily,” “at any time,” “anywhere,” is increasing as a result of the spread of smartphones.Additionally, employee workstyles are also changing significantly as a result of teleworking, workations, and other trends, and many business operators are being forced to reexamine their businesses as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Under these circumstances, the 77 Bank Group will pursue the best mix of face-to-face and non-face-to-face channels by shifting services either from face-to-face to non-face- to-face channels, or the opposite, in order to address the needs and issues of our customers in a timely, appropriate manner.
We have added various functions to our existing non-face-to-face channels, based on the twin concepts of making them “more convenient for customers” and “more efficient for the Bank.” As a result, we have succeeded in moving most transactions at bank branches to ATMs and online banking.
Looking ahead, we will build infrastructure for providing 77 Bank Group services to customers in a one-stop manner, centered around three core pillars for non-face-to-face channels - “Banking,” “Information,” and “Communication” - and combined with non-financial services. For retail customers, this will be the “77 Bank App,” a smartphone app equipped with online banking functions, while for corporate customers, it will be the “Corporate Portal Site,” which we plan to create online.
On May 24, 2021, we launched “77 Big Advance,” as a foundational component of the “Corporate Portal Site.” The service was extremely well received, with approximately 300 clients signing up within the first month of its release. The Bank will identify or stimulate needs and issues among customers through non-face-to-face channels, then collabo- rate in a timely and appropriate manner with bank branches, loan centers, and insurance plazas, which are all face-to- face channels, to provide consulting related to these issues,
based on close relationships with our customers.
The “Contact Center,” which we have established in the Direct Channel Promotion Division, will fulfil a significant role in achieving the best mix of face-to-face and non-face- to-face channels. The Contact Center’s main duties are receiving phone calls (inquiries) from customers and making phone calls (information on products and services) to customers, its importance has been increasing as the only staffed channel among our non-face-to-face channels, following a rapid increase in the use of non-face-to-face channels. Additionally, while utilizing a variety of marketing methods, AI-based data analysis, and more tools, we are providing information on a One To One basis via an omnichannel system that links all our face-to-face and non- face-to-face systems, and the “Contact Center” is increas- ing contact with customers based on the information provid-
[77 Bank App main screen]
ed in each channel.
Additionally, another important non-face-to-face channel
is our ATMs. With cashless payment systems expected to increase further in popularity in future, the 77 Bank Group is providing its customers with cashless payment services that customers can use conveniently and with peace of mind, including 77 JCB Debit cards, 77 Cards, and the linking of customers’ bank accounts with various smartphone payment services. As such, while ATMs formerly played an important role as “mini-branches,” the number of ATM transactions is falling. However, there will still be a demand for cash, so we will focus on creating the optimal ATM network through measures including the joint operation of ATMs in convenience stores, while keeping in mind the necessity of ATMs for customer convenience and as places to withdraw cash.
[Omnichannel strategy]
 Customers
ATM
Online banking
  Smartphone app
Branch
Omnichannel system
SMS
SMS
Contact Center
     ‒Interview‒
In the Direct Channel Promotion Division, we focus on product development and promotion planning for non-face- to-face channels, while also working with face-to-face channels, the Contact Center, etc. As customer behavior and values change, and the channels they want to use become increasingly diversified, we are taking steps to increase the sophistication of our “Banking,” “Information,” and “Communication,” based on the concept of “easy access to all banking transactions, at any time, from anywhere.” In all types of transaction, we are taking steps to differentiate ourselves from other banks through systems that enable customers to complete transactions without coming to branches, and personalizing the provision of information to customers, while also further enhancing our smartphone, PC, and other non-face-to- face channels as a form of channel infrastructure for contact points with customers. Through these measures, we aim to achieve our “Vision 2030” KPI of “tripling the rate of usage of non-face-to-face channels.” As such, we will achieve the best mix of face-to-face and non-face-to-face channels, tailored to the needs and situation of each customer. At times, we will also look for alliance opportuni-
Manager, Direct Channel Promotion Section, Direct Channel Promotion Division
Ken Yoshida
ties with other banks and companies in other industries, as we provide consulting services based on close relation- ships with our customers.
  38
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |39
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

    03
Regional growth strategy
Achieve sustainable growth in the local community!
[Miyagi wide-area PPP platform]
Left: Governor Murai of Miyagi Prefecture Right: President Kobayashi of The 77 Bank As of March 31, 2021, The 77 Bank had entered into Agreements on Comprehensive cooperation for Regional Revitalization with 38 regional public bodies
In order to support the development of local SMEs and new companies or businesses, the Bank has prepared a unique systematic loan program called “77 New Business Support Funds.” Additionally, in order to address the need for more efficient operations in relation to finance, accounting, etc., when customers are starting new companies, in April 2019, we began offering a “Founders Support Package,” consisting of a range of services for supporting new companies offered by the 77 Bank Group and our business partners. Furthermore, in April 1998, we established the “THE 77 Business Support Foundation, Public Interest Incorporated Foundation,” with the objective of contributing to stimulating industry in Miyagi Prefecture and economic development. This foundation awards “The 77 New Business Subsidy” to companies actively developing their businesses with novel and original technologies, and company founders aiming to launch new businesses.
Additionally, in order to support the creation of viable businesses around excellent technology based on the results of research at Tohoku University, we are supporting new compa-
Dissemination and awareness-raising function
Human resource development function
Exchange function
Execution support function
Information dissemination function
Public-private dialogue function
[Private companies]
Real estate
Trading Construction Lease etc.
Regional growth strategy
       Core member
The 77 Bank Secretariat: Regional Development Promotion Division
 77 Research and Consulting ,etc
 38 Regional public bodies
  Support Members
Financial institutions that have signed cooperation agreements And universities, etc.
Development Bank of Japan Regional Planning Department, Tohoku Branch
 Think tank
 Tohoku PPP/PFI Association
 Tohoku University and Miyagi University
     The 77 Bank Group will work to achieve sustainable growth together with the local community by making the region attractive
and supporting the growth of inspirational local companies.
nies or businesses through the investment of ¥0.7 billion, the largest amount for a private-sector company, in the “THVP1 Investment Limited Partnership” in August 2015, followed by a further ¥0.3 billion in “THVP2 Investment Limited Partnership” in April 2021, in collaboration with companies including “TOHOKU University Venture Partners Co., Ltd.,” which was established as a company wholly owned by Tohoku University.
In addition to the above initiatives, we will also take steps to further strengthen growth support for company founders with active support in areas such as preparing to found the company, securing human resources, solving technical issues, expanding sales channels, and improving operational efficiency, through promotion of the use of subsidies and other public support systems, collaboration with external support institutions, and business matching.
 Support increased economic growth rate in Miyagi
With this KPI, we aim to enhance the economic growth rate in Miyagi in the same way as the targets set in Miyagi Prefecture’s “Plan for Putting the Future Vision of a New Miyagi into Practice,” in order to achieve regional revitalization together with Miyagi Prefecture.
We must further strengthen our initiatives toward regional revitalization in order to achieve our KPIs, and as such, the Bank has established four prioritized areas, “support for starting new companies or businesses,” “support and development of regional core companies,” “promotion of urban development,” and “support for promotion of tourism, etc.” In March 2015, we established a “Regional Revitalization Desk” within the Regional Development Promotion Division, and we have also made branch managers with transactions with regional public bodies into “Regional Revitalization Managers,” while we focus on areas such as solving regional issues based on collaboration between headquarters and bank branches. Additionally, from the perspective of ensuring close cooperation with regional public bodies, we have also entered into “Agreements on Comprehensive cooperation for Regional Revitalization with 38 regional public bodies, including Miyagi Prefecture and 35 municipalities within the prefecture. These cooperation agreements are aimed at cooperation and contribution to creating “towns, people, and work” in regional areas, while effectively utilizing the resources of both parties.
Specifically, we are implementing various measures, including holding “regional revitalization seminars” for employ- ees of regional public bodies and the branch managers of bank branches with which they have transactions to research examples of pioneering initiatives from other regions and exchange views, etc., as well as a “Regional Revitalization Business Matching Event” where solutions from private-sector companies were offered solutions to regional issues faced by regional public bodies, as part of the “Miyagi wide-area PPP platform (MAPP)” established in January 2020.
Looking ahead, we intend to continue to strengthen our cooperation with regional public bodies and thus support a higher economic growth rate in Miyagi Prefecture.
Triple number of growth support cases for business founders
According to the “Annual Report on Employment Insurance Services” from the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, the business entry rate in Miyagi Prefecture in FY2020 was 3.6%, but the government has set a target of 10%, roughly on par with Europe and America. In order to achieve the government target, the business entry rate in Miyagi Prefecture will need to be tripled. As such, the 77 Bank Group aims to increase the business entry rate in Miyagi Prefecture to the government’s target by further focusing on support for customers whose businesses are growing and tripling the number of growth support cases that we handle.
[Cases of growth support for founders]
  (Cases) 3,000
2,000 1,000
3,000
    1,181 FY2021
FY2026 Our target form
2,000
 40
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |41
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section
Individual market soundings for each project

     Regional growth strategy
Regional growth strategy
 Aim for 100% participation in regional development projects in Miyagi
For this KPI, the Bank will offer various kinds of participation in and support for regional development projects that many stakeholders, both public and private, are participating in and that are expected to have a suitable impact on the regional economy. At present, we participate in many regional development projects, but as we look to maximize the presence of the 77 Bank Group, we will aim for a 100% participation rate.
Below, we introduce two representative regional develop- ment projects that are currently underway in Miyagi Prefec- ture and that the Bank is actively participating in.
The first is the “Sendai Urban Restructuring Project.”
Under this project, in order to rebuild the central area of Sendai City, which plays a central role in the flow of economic activity, with the aim of achieving the next stage of recovery from the Great East Japan Earthquake of 2011, old buildings will be rebuilt and the development of highly functional office buildings will be promoted, etc., through the year FY2031. Since Sendai City announced the launch of this project in July 2019, the Bank has collaborated with Sendai City to hold seminars for building owners and others in September 2019 and worked to spread awareness of newly established subsidy systems, etc., while also entering into discussions with customers concerning proposed
‒Interview‒
projects, etc.
In October 2020, further measures to strengthen subsidy
systems, etc., were announced, and progress has been made in enhancing measures to support the redevelopment and reinforcement of the functions of the central area of Sendai City. This is a large project with economic ripple effects, in which the Bank’s customers are also expected to fully participate. For this reason, we will continue our active participation to ensure that we can contribute to urban development in Sendai City.
The second project is the “Next-generation Synchrotron Radiation Facility Maintenance Project.”
The “Synchrotron Radiation Facility” is a state-of-the-art research facility that uses an enormous microscope with powerful light to enable researchers to see the structure of substances, etc. at the atomic level. It is said to be an extremely effective national strategic research foundation for enhancing the international competitiveness of the manufacturing industry in Japan.
The Bank has been participating in promotion committee meetings related to the attraction of the facility since before it was decided that it would be developed on the New Aobayama Campus of Tohoku University in 2024. Addition- ally, the Bank has also participated in the “Phototon Science Innovation Center,” which is the main executive organiza- tion overseeing the construction and operation of the facility, as “Auditor.”
ization with 38 municipalities, including all municipalities in Miyagi Prefecture, and are focused on resolving regional issues and stimulating the regional economy based on prioritized areas, such as “support for starting new companies or businesses” and the “promotion of urban development.” As the population falls across the Tohoku region as a whole, Sendai City, the central city of the Tohoku economy, is experiencing a net outflow of people to the Greater Tokyo Area, despite an influx of people from the six prefectures in the Tohoku region. An important mission for us as a bank is to support business founders as they take on the challenge of creating businesses and new work that will be attractive to young people in the region. As such, we aim to “triple the number of growth support cases for business founders.” As we aim for “100% participation in regional development projects in Miyagi,” we are also participating in various projects in the prefecture, sometimes openly and sometimes behind the scenes, including the next-gen- eration synchrotron radiation facility, where researchers can visualize things at the “nano” level. I understand that regional revitalization is an area where the expectations upon us are highest as a financial institution with roots in the region, and where our raison d'être is questioned. I will focus on my duties to ensure that The 77 Bank can demonstrate a strong presence in Miyagi and the Tohoku region as a whole, and contribute to the creation of an attractive region.
This facility is expected to be used in a wide range of industrial fields, and according to estimates from the Tohoku Economic Federation, is expected to create annual economic ripple effects of approximately ¥1.9 trillion over the 10 years after it begins operating.This project is a major project that is expected have significant ripple effects for Miyagi Prefecture, including the entry of related companies and the creation of employment opportunities. Accordingly, while collaborating with our regional partners, the “Phototon Science Innovation Center,” “Tohoku Economic Federation,” “Miyagi Prefecture, “Sendai City,” and “Tohoku University,” which are the executive organizations overseeing the project, the Bank intends to support the accumulation of new businesses and industries and promote regional revitalization through the creation and attraction of this research and development facility, etc.
Additionally, multiple regional development projects that are expected to create economic ripple effects are planned in Miyagi Prefecture, including a privatization project for a public business and an industrial park relocation and maintenance project. The Bank will continue actively participating in such projects.
The 77 Bank Group will cut CO2 emissions and support cuts to greenhouse gas emissions in Miyagi
In order to actively respond to issues related to climate change and ensure sustainable growth together with local communities, we have set a KPI to “cut 77 Bank Group CO2 emissions by 46% compared with FY2014 by FY2031, and support cuts to greenhouse gas emissions in Miyagi.”
In recent years, climate change has become a global issue, including unusual weather phenomena around the world and increasing amounts of damage from major natural disasters. In 2012, the Bank formulated an “Environ-
mental Policy,” in July 2020, we announced the “77 Bank Group SDG Declaration,” and in July 2021, we announced our support for the “TCFD recommendations.” We intend to support the sustainable growth of local communities and our customers by taking the initiative in responding to climate change as a leading bank in the region.
Based on our Environmental Policy, etc., the Bank has been offering environmentally friendly financial products and services, and implementing measures such as controlling room temperatures. With regard to our branches, in FY2020, we built and opened new branches, the Kesen- numa Branch and the Minato and Watanoha Branches, as “eco-friendly branches,” with LED lighting and energy-sav- ing air conditioning units. Furthermore, we are gradually switching lighting for low counters, etc., to LED lighting, and changing to energy-saving air conditioning units at all branches, excluding those that we plan to remodel.
Additionally, the Bank also actively promotes activities to conserve the environment within regional communities. In September 2018, new employees of the Bank planted 1,000 black pine saplings in the Arahama district of Sendai City. We are currently continuing our effects to develop disaster prevention forests to protect local communities from disasters, in collaboration with related institutions. As such, in March 2021, we joined the “Miyagi Coaster Disaster Prevention Forest Creation Council,” established primarily by Miyagi Prefecture.
Looking ahead, we will continue actively working not just to cut the 77 Bank Group’s CO2 emissions, but also to cut greenhouse gas emissions in Miyagi Prefecture, through measures such as strengthening our support for initiatives targeting the SDGs at customers whose businesses we have evaluated, and activities to conserve the environment in regional communities.
          42
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |43
Manager, Regional Development Promotion Section, Regional Development Promotion Division
Tomiaki Ara
In the Regional Development Promotion Division, which oversees all aspects of regional revitalization, we have entered into Agreements on Comprehensive cooperation for Regional Revital-
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

    04
Corporate culture reform strategy
Virtuous circle of ambition, confidence, and cheerfulness!
Increase the proportion of women in management positions to 30% or more
The Bank has approximately 4,000 employees, including part- time employees, of which more than half are women. Based on the idea that “the Bank will not develop without the active participation of women,” we aim to increase the proportion of women in management positions to 30%, the government target, by FY2031.
The Bank is actively focusing on areas such as supporting women’s career development and the enhancement of systems to support the combination of work and childbirth/childcare. As such, in June 2016, the Bank obtained “Grade 3” certification, the highest level, under the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare’s “Eruboshi” system for commending excellent compa- nies promoting female participation, and has increased the number of female managers from 99 to 147 over the past 10 years, equivalent to an increase from 8.5% to 13.4% as a proportion of the total. However, the Bank still has some way to go to achieve the 30% target. For this reason, under our “Action Plan as a General Business Proprietor Pursuant to the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace,” formulated in March 2021, we aim to achieve a ratio of 18% by FY2026 through “reducing the average number of hours worked outside of working hours and on days off (to less than 10 hours per person per month)” and “enhancing the annual rate of taking paid time off (to 70% or more).”
In FY2021, in order to foster an awareness of career enhancement among female employees, we held a workstyle seminar, in which Yoko Ushio, an Outside Director of the Bank, participated, as well as day-off seminars aimed at supporting the career development and skill development of female
employees, and round-table discussions, etc., partly aimed at eliminating concerns surrounding returning to work among persons taking childcare leave and others. Additionally, in order to promote diversity, including the active participation of women, in November 2020, we revised rules surrounding clothing during working hours and introduced a “Business Casual Day.”
Looking ahead, we will continue providing training to contrib- ute to designing career paths for women and strengthening their skills, and supporting the return to work by persons taking childcare leave, with the aim of ensuring women’s continued employment at the Bank. Additionally, as we look to achieve a diverse range of workstyles, we will encourage the use of the “Select Staggered Shift System,” which we introduced in April 2021, and make broad efforts to enhance the awareness of male employees and employees in management positions toward the activities of women, as part of aim to enhance the proportion of women in management positions.
Corporate culture reform strategy
       The 77 Bank Group will endeavor to promote diversity,
and create a virtuous circle where all officers and employees take on new challenges, leading to confidence and cheerfulness.
 Implement various initiatives to “foster an ambitious spirit”
We are truly facing a “time of great change” with financial institutions losing the interests already gained in existing business domains, owing partly to changes in the makeup of society, such as the low birthrate, aging society, and falling population, as well as the advancement of digitaliza- tion in the financial industry and the development of payment services by companies in other industries, mainly the IT industry.
In order to execute the three basic strategies described above, we must work to transform our corporate culture based on changes in the times. As such, we will endeavor to promote the advancement of diversity and create a virtuous circle where all officers and employees take on new challenges, etc., leading to confidence and cheerfulness.
In order to encourage employees to proactively take on new challenges, we are actively rolling out training sessions that employees can apply to participate in, such as “Head- quarters Operations Trials” to enable employees to learn about operations at headquarters and Group companies, and “Local Company Trainees,” to enable employee’s to sharpen their ability to assess companies, while also holding a “business planning contest” to develop new
businesses and sectors. In addition to these initiatives, we will also consider opportunities to revise our personnel systems with the aim of addressing a broad range of values held among employees and enhancing their motivation.
Workstyle seminar with participation by Yoko Ushio, Outside Director
[Systems to support the combination of work and childbirth/childcare]
Childbirth
Childcare
   Seven weeks prior to birth
Childbirth
Eight weeks after birth
 Three years
Grade 1
        Time off before and after birth
Three days leave for spouses of persons giving birth
Childcare leave
* Until child reaches the age of three
Childcare leave
Shortened working hours
Exemption from working outside of working hours and on days off Limits on working outside of working hours and on days off Exemption from working late at night Leave for nursing care
Consultations with in-house career advisors Partnership with corporate-led preschools
       Business planning contest
 * Three days’ paid time off within eight weeks of birth
Provision of information related to a smooth return to the workplace (e-learning)
Holding of “Work Work Sukoyaka (Healthy) Club,” a round-table discussion for persons taking childcare leave, etc.
       44
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |45
Welfare services (maternity congratulation system, childbirth congratulation system, childcare support, etc.)
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section
Female employees Male employees Support for returning to work

    Corporate culture reform strategy
Corporate culture reform strategy
 Increase the number of “specialist personnel” that serve a purpose for customers and local communities
Based on our understanding that one of the greatest assets of the 77 Bank Group is our “human resources,” and that the development of “human resources that serve a purpose for customers and local communities” and “human resources that contribute to corporate reform” will be major factors for achieving “Vision 2030,” we have selected “human resource development” as a key factor.
Previously, employees engaged in administrative work comprised a significant portion of the Bank’s employees, but as we shift the roles of employees from administrative work to consulting, we will train our employees to have specialist areas and expertise matched to their unique characteristics, and develop human resource with interpersonal charm, capable of frank communication with customers and local regions. Additionally, we also intend to transform the 77 Bank Group as a whole by developing human resources with creativity unrestricted by conventional ideas.
In the explanation of human resource development that follows, first, we explain our basic approach to human resource development.
At the Bank, “on-the-job training (OJT)” forms the core of our human resource development, and employees acquire the knowledge skills they require and want to learn through “self-development.” In addition, we use “training” to comple- ment “OJT” and “self-development,” and give employees an opportunity to enhance their skills, while also learning more specialist knowledge and skills. We endeavor to develop our human resources through the continuous repetition of “OJT,” “self-development,” and “training.”
For “self-development” to ensure that employees acquire knowledge, skills, and qualifications, the Bank fosters an appetite for self-development among employees through measures such as “weekday evening seminars” to enhance employees’ consulting abilities, etc., the distribution of various types of educational content through e-learning, etc., mediation for tests and correspondence learning, and the payment of incentives for the acquisition of public qualifications. In our previous medium-term management plan, we set a KPI of “achieving 700 persons with qualifications as either a 1st Grade Certified Financial Planner, CFP, or Small and Medium enterprise Management Consultant,” in order to strengthen our consulting capabilities. We did not achieve this target, partly as a result of the difficulty of the qualifications and the impact of COVID-19, but the initiative contributed to developing an appetite for self-development, including a growing number of employees taking on the challenge of acquiring such qualifica- tions. Going forward, we will continue to encourage the acquisi- tion of qualifications and actively provide mediation for testing and corresponding learning related to fields such as inheritance and the succession of assets, in order to strengthen our initiatives targeting asset succession consulting and other businesses aimed at senior citizens.
Regarding “training,” we are implementing “training per level” for employees at every level from branch manager to new employee, “training by theme” to enhance consulting abilities, etc., and other forms of in-house training, while also actively engaging in external training, including participating in training seminars held by regional and national banking associations, dispatching employees to graduate schools in Japan for them to
‒Interview‒
      OJT
Self- development
Programs to train human resources who will contribute to regional development
acquire MBAs, and dispatching trainees oversees to Shanghai, Singapore, etc. As part of our aim to develop “human resources that serve a purpose for customers and local communities” and “human resources that contribute to corporate reform,” we began further enhancing external training opportunities from FY2022, including dispatching trainees to fintech companies, consulting companies, and others, and holding “programs to train human resources who will contribute to regional develop- ment” in collaboration with employees of Miyagi Prefecture. Additionally, we are also enhancing the content of in-house training, including establishing the “women’s career advance- ment program,” “training to strengthen the trust business,” and the “77 Money School” for FP Level 1 and persons with CFP qualification.
can actively participate, while maintaining a sense of fulfillment in their work. The development of human resources with a diverse range of capabilities will contrib- ute to fostering an “ambitious spirit,” considered necessary for reforming our corporate culture, and will also serve as the foundation for the basic strategies listed in “Vision 2030.” Since 2013, we have worked to make systematic improvements and enhance employee awareness by promoting the active participation of women and other forms of diversity. Accordingly, the proportion of women in management positions is gradually increasing, and the rate of male employees taking childcare leave has been 100% every year since 2014. We have a long, difficult road ahead of us to achieve our target of “increasing the percentage of women in management positions to 30% or more,” but in order to foster a corporate culture that enables all employ- ees to leverage their abilities to the greatest possible extent, I would also like to enhance diversity from perspec- tives other than gender.
        Women’s career advancement program
Training
Human Resource Development
“OJT” provides an “opportunity” for employees to acquire the necessary knowledge and skills, and forms the starting point for human resource development. In addition to rotations at bank branches, the Bank offers opportunities for short-term learning breaks at bank branches, headquarters, and Group companies where advanced initiatives are underway, as well as accompanying employees from the Consulting Promotion Division and Credit Supervision Division on visits, and other measures.
 Develop human resources
◆The 77 Bank Group will utilize the qualities of each individual to develop “human resources that serve a purpose for our customers and local communities” and “human resources that contribute to corporate reform,” which will serve as an asset for the Bank into the future.
      Type of human resources that 77 Bank Group develops
Human resources that serve a purpose for customers and local communities
Human resources that contribute to corporate reform
Unending ambition
Filled with ability to take on new challenges
Ability to act independently
Rich human potential
Strong sense of ethics
Expertise in consulting and other areas, as well as human potential capable of frank communication with customers and local regions
Creativity unrestricted by conventional ideas, and unique, irreplaceable personnel
Manager, Diversity Promotion Office, Personnel Division
Naomi Hasegawa
“People” are the one true source of corporate growth. In the Diversity Promotion Office, we promote the creation of a workplace where a diverse range of human resources
  46
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |47
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

  Governance Structure
   Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Committee Members
(As of July 31, 2021)
Managing Director
Atsushi Shitoh
Managing Director
Yoshikazu Onodera
  Apr. 1985 Jun. 2005 Jun. 2008
Jun. 2010 Jun. 2012
Joined the Bank
Chief Secretary, the Bank General Manager, Fukushima Branch, the Bank General Manager, Izumi Branch, the Bank General Manager, Treasury Administration & International Div., the Bank Executive Officer and General Manager, Tokyo Branch, the Bank
Jun. 2016 Jun. 2018 Jun. 2019
Director, Executive Officer and General Manager, Head Office Business Div., the Bank Managing Director and General Manager, Head Office Business Div., the Bank
Managing Director, the Bank (current position)
Apr. 1985 Sep. 2007
Mar. 2009 Jun. 2011
Joined the Bank General Manager, Hachimanmachi Branch, the Bank
General Manager, Yoshioka Branch, the Bank General Manager, Operations Management Div., the Bank
General Manager, General Planning & Coordination Div., the Bank
Jun. 2014 Jun. 2016 Jun. 2018
Executive Officer and General Manager, General Planning & Coordination Div., the Bank
Director, Executive Officer and General Manager, Ishinomaki Branch and Minato Branch, the Bank Managing Director, the Bank (current position)
 Jun. 2014
Managing Director
Takuji Tabata
Jun. 2013
Managing Director
Atsushi Kobayashi
     Apr. 1986 Sep. 2007
Jun. 2009 Jun. 2012 Jun. 2015
Outside
Apr. 1967 May. 1996
Jun. 1998
Sep. 1999 Dec. 2003
Outside Apr. 1975
Aug. 2009 Jun. 2018
Joined the Bank General Manager, Koriyama Branch, the Bank
General Manager, Tokyo Liaison Office, the Bank General Manager, Treasury Div., the Bank General Manager, Credit Supervision Div., the Bank
Director
Joined the Bank of Japan General Manager, International Dept., the Bank of Japan
Director, Research Institute of Overseas Investment, the Export-Import Bank of Japan Auditor, the Bank of Japan Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Banyu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (currently MSD K.K.)
Director
Joined the Sendai City Government
Mayor, Sendai City Director, the Bank (current position)
Jun. 2016 Jun. 2018 Jun. 2019
Executive Officer and General Manager, Credit Supervision Div., the Bank
Senior Executive Officer and General Manager, Credit Supervision Div., the Bank
Managing Director, the Bank (current position)
Apr. 1988 Jun. 2008
Jun. 2010
Jun. 2012 Jun. 2015 Jun. 2016
Joined the Bank General Manager, Okino Branch, the Bank General Manager, Sendai Haranomachi Branch, the Bank General Manager, Tokyo Liaison Office, the Bank General Manager, Treasury Div., the Bank General Manager, General Planning & Coordination Div., the Bank
Jun. 2017 Jun. 2019
Jun. 2021
Executive Officer and General Manager, General Planning & Coordination Div., the Bank
Senior Executive Officer, General Manager, Head Office Business Div. and Basho no Tsuji Branch, the Bank
Managing Director, the Bank (current position)
 Masahiro Sugita
Outside Director
Apr. 1974 Registered as Attorney-at-Law (Sendai
Bar Association)
Sep. 1977 Opened Nakamura Ken
Law Office (current
position)
Jun. 1996 Audit & Supervisory
Board Member, KOHSOKU CORPORATION
Nov. 2004 Auditor, HOKUSHU Co., Ltd.(current position)
Outside Director
Ken Nakamura
    Jun. 2006 Jun. 2007
Oct. 2009 Jun. 2013
Director, Horiba, Ltd. Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Bank Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Banyu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (currently MSD K.K.) Director, the Bank (current position)
Jun. 2007 Jun. 2013 Jun. 2015 Jun. 2016
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Bank Director, KOHSOKU CORPORATION Director, the Bank (current position) Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member), KOHSOKU CORPORATION (current position)
 Emiko Okuyama
Seiichi Ohtaki
    Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Koichi Suzuki
Executive Officer and General Manager, Business Promotion Div., the Bank Director, Executive Officer and General Manager, Oroshimachi Branch, the Bank Managing Director, the Bank Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member, the Bank (current position)
Jun. 2020
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member Mitsuo Chubachi
Oct. 1987
Apr. 1992 Apr. 1999
Apr. 2011
Assistant Professor, Faculty of Economics, Tohoku university Professor, Faculty of Economics, Tohoku university Professor, Graduate School of Economics and Management, Tohoku university
Dean Graduate School of Economics and Management / Faculty of Economics, Tohoku University
Jul. 2014 Jun. 2016 Nov. 2016
Apr. 2018
President, The Sanaburi Foundation(current position) Auditor, Yurtec Corporation
President, Organization for Creating LocalGood (current position) Vice-President, Shizenkan University (current position) Director, the Bank (current position)
     Apr. 1984 Mar. 2005
Sep. 2007 Jun. 2009 Jun. 2013
Joined the Bank
General Manager, Wakuya Branch, the Bank General Manager, Masuda Branch, the Bank General Manager, General Affairs Div., the Bank General Manager, Business Promotion Div., the Bank
Jun. 2014 Jun. 2015
Jun. 2018 Jun. 2021
Apr. 1985 Mar. 2011
Jun. 2013 Jun. 2015
Joined the Bank General Manager, Nihonbashi Branch, the Bank
General Manager, Risk Management Div., the Bank
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, MIYAGI SYOJI Co., ltd.
Jul. 2016 Jun. 2019
Director and General Manager, Administration Div., 77 Securities Co., Ltd. Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member, the Bank (current position)
 Director, Audit & Supervisory
Committee Member (Outside Director) Toshio Suzuki
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member (Outside Director)
Masai Yamaura
     President
Hidefumi Kobayashi
Chairman Teruhiko Ujiie
Senior Managing Director Makoto Igarashi
Apr. 1970 Jun. 2001
Jun. 2005
Jun. 2006 Jun. 2007
Joined Tohoku Electric Power Co. Inc. Deputy Director and General Manager, Human Resources Division, Tohoku Electric Power Co. Inc. Director and General Manager, Human Resources Division, Tohoku Electric Power Co. Inc.
Director and General Manager, Miyagi Branch, Tohoku Electric Power Co. Inc. Senior Executive Officer and General Manager, Miyagi Branch, Tohoku Electric Power Co. Inc.
Jun. 2009
Jun. 2010 Jun. 2013
Jun. 2013
Jun. 2015 Jun. 2017
Standing Statutory Auditor, Tohoku Electric Power Co. Inc.
Corporate Auditor, The Daishi Bank, Ltd. Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Bank
Chairman and Representative Director, Tohoku Intelligent Telecommunication Co., Inc.
Advisor, Tohoku Intelligent Telecommunication Co., Inc.
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member, the Bank (current position)
Yoko Ushio
Auditor, Tohoku University (current position)
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member, the Bank (current position) Representative Director, K.K. Shinsei Sogo Jimusho (current position)
Executive Officers
General Manager, Oroshimachi Branch
General Manager, Tokyo Branch
General Manager, Credit Supervision Division
General Manager, Digital Strategy Division
Oct. 1973
Sep. 2005 Apr. 2006
Jun. 2007 Jun. 2008
Joined the Sendai City Government
Vice Mayor, Sendai City Chief Director, Sendai Green Association President and Representative Director, Sendai Software Center Co., Ltd.
Auditor, Sendai Meat Wholesale Market Co., Ltd. (current position)
Apr. 2014
Jun. 2015 Jun. 2017
Chairman, Sendai Council of Social Welfare (current position)
Audit & Supervisory Board Member, the Bank
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member, the Bank (current position)
Akira Inukai
Vice Chairman, Miyagi University
Chairman, Miyagi Prefecture Land Development Corporation Representative Director and President, Miyagi-ken Kaihatsu K.K. Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member, the Bank (current position)
Takashi Kuroda Kuniaki Endo Hiroshi Kobayashi Hiroshi Kitazono
     Apr. 1981 Jun. 2006 Jun. 2008
Jun. 2010
Jun. 2013
Jun. 2014
Jun. 2015 May. 2016
Jun. 2016 Jun. 2017
Jun. 2018
Joined the Bank
General Manager, Treasury Div., the Bank
General Manager, General Planning
& Coordination Div., the Bank
Director and General Manager, General Planning & Coordination Div., the Bank Director and General Manager, Head Office Business Div., the Bank
Managing Director and General Manager, Head Office Business Div., the Bank Managing Director, the Bank
Managing Director, the Bank, General Manager, Ishinomaki Branch and Minato Branch
Managing Director, the Bank Representative Director and Deputy President, the Bank
Representative Director and President, the Bank (current position)
Apr. 1969 Aug. 1992
Jun. 1993
Jun. 1995
Jun. 1997
Jun. 1998
Jun. 1999
Mar. 2000 Jun. 2002 Jun. 2005
Jun. 2010 Jun. 2018
Joined The Industrial Bank of Japan, Limited
Associate Director-General, Related Business Department, The Industrial Bank of Japan, Limited
Director and General Manager, Business Development Div., the Bank
Director and General Manager, Business Promotion Div., the Bank
Director and General Manager, Head Office Business Div., the Bank
Managing Director and General Manager, Head Office Business Div., the Bank Managing Director and General Manager, Investigation Div., the Bank
Managing Director, the Bank
Senior Managing Director, the Bank Representative Director and Deputy President, the Bank
Representative Director and President, the Bank
Representative Director and Chairman, the Bank (current position)
Apr. 1980 Sep. 2000
Jun. 2002
Jun. 2004
Jun. 2005
Jun. 2006
Jun. 2009
Jun. 2012
Jun. 2013 Jun. 2017 Jun. 2018
Joined the Bank
General Manager, Onahama Branch, the Bank
General Manager, Bashonotsuji Branch, the Bank
General Manager, Shiroishi Branch, the Bank
General Manager, General Affairs Div., the Bank
General Manager, Personnel Div., the Bank
Director and General Manager, Tokyo Branch, the Bank
Director and General Manager, Business Promotion Div., the Bank
Managing Director, the Bank
Senior Managing Director, the Bank Representative Director and Senior Managing Director, the Bank (current position)
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member (Outside Director)
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member (Outside Director)
  May 2001
May 2003 Jan. 2011
Apr. 2012
Senior Executive Officers
General Manager, Head Office Business Division, and Basho no Tsuji Branch
General Manager, Business Promotion Division
General Manager, Audit & Inspection Division
General Manager, Ishinomaki Branch and Kokucho Branch
Apr. 2016 Jun. 2019
Aug. 2020
Senior Managing Director and General Manager, Fujisaki Comfortable Lifestyle Research Institute Co., Ltd. Director, Department Store Fujisaki Co., Ltd. Advisory Fellow, Tohoku Regional Advancement Center
Fellow, Tohoku Regional Advancement Center
Apr. 1979 Apr. 2013
Apr. 2015 Jun. 2015
Kazuhito Chida Hirokimi Fukushi Kazutoshi Saito Masahide Kato
Joined the Miyagi Prefectural Government Director-General, Commerce, Industry and Tourism Department, Miyagi Prefectural Government Public Corporation Administrator, Miyagi Prefectural Government Director, Miyagi-ken Kaihatsu K.K.
Apr. 2017 Apr. 2019
Jun. 2019 Jun. 2021
  48
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |49
Masanori Muranushi Yoshihiro Endo Naoshi Aoyagi Shuichi Ibuka
General Manager, Personnel Division
General Manager, Compliance Management Division
General Manager of General Planning & Coordination Division
General Manager, Operations Management Division
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

  Governance Structure
 Basic stance toward corporate governance
We will work to strengthen and enhance corporate governance in accordance with the following basic stance.
・In accordance with the Bank Creed, which is our basic principle of management, we will operate business that give constant consideration to the public mission of a regional bank — contributing to the development of the regional economy and society —
through banking operations.
・We will improve the transparency of management and the appropriateness of processes and work together appropriately with
stakeholders including the regional society, clients, and shareholders for the Bank’s sustained growth and improvements in corporate value over the medium- to long-term.
Thorough compliance
The Bank formulated the Compliance Policies in order to clarify its stance on compliance and to ensure the effectiveness thereof. Further, as part of our endeavor to ensure thorough compliance, the Bank established the Compliance Guidelines (Compliance Standards) to articulate specific guidelines and a code of conduct so that the executives and employees place importance on compliance, thereby ensuring the lawful conduct of business.
Compliance structure
President = Director responsible for compliance
Subsidiaries
(Complaints, antisocial influences, money laundering)
Compliance supervisors
(Major Roles)
Compliance-related education, inspection, monitoring and the like within each company
   Board of
Compliance management
 Directors (Directors)
Compliance Manager
(General Manager of Compliance Management Division)
Chief Compliance Officer (Manager of Legal Affairs Section)
Divisions and Main Branch: Compliance Officer
Other:
Compliance liaison officers
  Corporate Governance Structure
Compliance Monitor (Senior Auditor) (Dishonest actions, internal audits)
General Planning & (Risk management, disclosure) Coordination Division
Personnel Division (Maintenance of discipline and work discipline)
(General meeting of
General Affairs Division stockholders, traffic accidents)
Operations (Operational accidents) Management Division
  Compliance Committee (Chaired by President)
 Compliance Departments (Chaired by General Manager of Compliance Management Division)
  Audit & Supervisory Committee (Audit & Supervisory Committee Members)
* Compliance officers and compliance liaisons maintain their independence in the performance of their duties related to compliance and do not follow the instructions of higher-ranking individuals.
Strengthening risk management systems
In accordance basic policies on risk management determined by the Board of Directors, the Bank has determined controlling divisions and managing divisions for each type and category of risk requiring management, and the Audit & Inspection Division also audits the appropriateness of the execution and management of the operations of each department as an internal audit department.
  Directors
Outside Directors
Risk management structure
   Main members by organization
Independent Auditors
  Title Name Board of Directors Executive Committee Corporate Audit & Supervisory Compliance Committee Governance Committee Committee
     (Representative Director) Teruhiko Ujiie Chairman
(Representative Director)Hidefumi Kobayashi President
○ (Chairperson) ○
○ ○ ○ ○
○ ○
○ ○
Compliance
Compliance Management Division
   (Representative Director) Senior Managing Director
Makoto Igarashi
○○○
○○ ○○
Administrative Risk Management
Information
Technology Risk Management
Legal Risk Management
Compliance Management Division
Human Risk Management
Personnel Division
Tangible Asset Risk Management
General Affairs Division
Reputational Risk Management
Risk Management Division
Disaster and Other Contingency Risk Management
Digital Strategy Division General Affairs Division Operations Management Division
○ ○ (Chairperson) ○ ○ (Chairperson)
        ○○○
   Managing Director Managing Director Director Director
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Third-party risk management
  ○○○
○ ○ (Chairperson)
○○
○ △ (*3) ○ (Chairperson) △ (*3)
Operations Management Division
Digital Strategy Division
  ○ ○
Head Office, Branches and Group Companies
Audit & Inspection Division
    Asset Assessment Audit
 Internal Audit
 △ (*3)
○ ○
△ (*3)
Third-party risk management
 ○○
Compliance Management Division
      50
*1 *2
*3 *4
A Deputy President has not been appointed.
Directors Masahiro Sugita, Ken Nakamura, Emiko Okuyama, Toshio Suzuki, Masai Yamaura, Yoko Ushio, and Akira Inukai are Outside Directors prescribed in Article 2, Item 15 of the Companies Act.
Standing Directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee Members attend the Executive Committee and Compliance Committee, and state their opinions as necessary. The Chairperson of the Audit & Supervisory Committee observes the Corporate Governance Committee.
“Third-party risk” refers to the risk of losses arising as a result of administrative errors, system faults, fraudulent transactions, and other issues at third parties that are companies or organizations that the Bank has an operational partnership or relationship with.
The Bank appropriately manages this risk, having established the “Policies on Third-Party Risk Management” as a basic policy for managing risk.
In particular, in event that third parties work with services linked to customers’ accounts or personal data, such as in the cash of fund transfer business operators, the Bank implements stricter risk management, based on the “Personal Data Management Standards,” etc., and manages risk on an ongoing basis during the period of the agreement, through such methods as regular monitoring of the safety, reliability, etc., of third parties.
The Bank takes every possible precaution to ensure that in the event of administrative issues, system faults, or other issues, the impact on our customers and the operations of the Bank is minimized, including securing alternative methods and formulating measures to respond in the event of emergency.
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |51
Corporate Governance Committee
3 persons 4 persons
9 persons 8 persons
Chairman
President
Deputy President
2 persons 4 persons
Executive Committee
Audit & Inspection Division
  General Meeting of Stockholders
Audit & Supervisory Committee Members Audit & Supervisory
 Headquarters and Branches
Compliance promotion committees (Chaired by General Managers)
     Board of Directors
Committee
    Directors
(Excluding Directors Serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee Members)
Directors and General Managers Liaison Committee
   Senior Managing Director
 Managing Director
Compliance Committee
Executive Committee/Directors and General Managers Liaison Committee/ Compliance Committee
   Board of Directors
Audit & Supervisory Committee
 Director
Director
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Other members
Ken Nakamura
Emiko Okuyama
Seiichi Ohtaki
Koichi Suzuki
Mitsuo Chubachi
Toshio Suzuki
Masai Yamaura
Yoko Ushio
Akira Inukai
○
○
General Manager of General Planning & Coordination Division
○
○
General Manager of General Planning & Coordination Division, General Manager of Compliance Management Division,
General Manager of Audit & Inspection Division
Capital management
Risk Management Division
Director responsible for compliance (President)
  Directors Responsible for Each Type of Risk
  Comprehensive Risk Management
 Managing Director
Managing Director
Atsushi Shitoh
Yoshikazu Onodera
Takuji Tabata
Atsushi Kobayashi
Masahiro Sugita
Credit Risk Market Risk Liquidity Risk Management Management Management
Comprehensive Operational Risk Management
 Risk Management Division
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

Balance of loans and bills discounted
¥5,097.5 billion
 Number of start-up support projects (*) 984 cases
 (Cases)
1,000
864 800
0
877
984
FY2021
   FY2019 FY2020
* Start-up plan formulation support, financing clients in the start-up stage, introduction of government-affiliated financial institutions and start-up support organizations, subsidies,
 (Clients)
6,000
■ Number of clients evaluated 
■ Issue resolution measure agreement by entities
 5,835 4,978
6,949
4,592
31-Mar-21
  0
1,803.8
1,106.0
31-Mar-19
1,828.5
939.7
31-Mar-20
2,101.6
955.3
31-Mar-21
4,000
2,713
2,000
0
3,447
31-Mar-20
  Balance of assets in custody (the Group) ¥622.3 billion
Securities balance ¥3,116.0 billion
31-Mar-19
Number of M&A support* clients 27 clients
 (Clients) 30
23 15
0
* Entered into M&A advisory contract
25
27
FY2021
   FY2019 FY2020
   (Cases)
2,000
1,000 0
904
1,222
1,602
FY2021
   FY2019 FY2020
Net income (consolidated) ¥16.5 billion
 (Billions of yen)
20.0
15.0
0
17.6
18.2
    FY2019 FY2020
16.5
FY2021
Core OHR
(core gross operating income expense ratio) 62.27 %
 (%)
80
60
73.28
71.35
    FY2019 FY2020
62.27
FY2021
  (Billions of yen) 40.0
26.0
32.8
27.8
FY2021
Green bonds Sustainability bonds Social bonds Sustainability-linked bonds
23 cases / ¥30.2 billion*4 7 cases / ¥3.7 billion 12 cases / ¥9.5 billion 2 cases / ¥0.4 billion
     20.0
0
FY2019 FY2020
     ROE (consolidated) 3.42 %
 (%)
5
2.5
3.60
3.89
3.42
   0
FY2019 FY2020
FY2021
 Capital adequacy ratio
(domestic standards/consolidated) 10.39 %
Proportion of female managers 13.4 %
 (%)
20
10 0
13.2
31-Mar-19
13.4 13.4
    31-Mar-20
31-Mar-21
   Financial and Non-financial Highlights
 ■ Financial information
Balance of deposits and certificates ¥8,551.7 billion
of deposit
(Billions of yen)
9,000.0
4,500.0
■Non-financial information Consulting
Number of clients evaluated 6,949 clients
Issue resolution measure agreement by entities 4,592 clients
  ■ Retail deposits ■ Corporate deposits  ■ Public deposits, etc.
(Billions of yen)
■ Balance of loans to SMEs
■ Balance of loans to retail customers ■ Others
      7,891.8
4,982.0
7,888.5
5,120.3
8,551.7
5,494.8
6,000.0
3,000.0
0
(Billions of yen) 4,000.0
2,000.0
4,894.6
1,915.2
1,176.3
1,803.1
31-Mar-20
5,097.5
2,009.5
1,211.8
1,876.2
31-Mar-21
 4,725.0
1,825.4
1,134.2
1,765.4
31-Mar-19
            ■ 77 Securities (excluding brokerage from the Bank) ■ Investment trusts ■ Insurance ■ Structured bonds, etc. (brokerage) ■ Public bonds
■ Foreign currency deposits
■ Stocks ■ Bonds ■ Others
financing, and investment in venture companies
Number of business succession, inheritance, and asset succession support recipients
1,602 cases
 (Billions of yen)
600.0
300.0
0
622.3
320.2
31-Mar-21
619.3
324.4
31-Mar-19
58.2 90.8
24.9 107.6 13.4
600.4
327.2
31-Mar-20
81.5 72.0
27.5 77.4 14.8
108.9 77.2
23.0 72.6 20.4
2,964.9
2,169.5
657.6 31-Mar-19
2,913.4
2,155.9
640.9 31-Mar-20
3,116.0
148.4
761.7 31-Mar-21
   137.8
116.6
    2,205.9
 0
  ESG
Renewable energy- related funding
354 cases / ¥162.7 billion
SG-based investment and lending Privately placed corporate bonds *1,2,3,
       * Cumulative results from after the Great East Japan Earthquake of 2011 through March 31, 2021
     (%)
20
10
0
10.38
31-Mar-19
10.31
31-Mar-20
10.39
31-Mar-21
Sustainability-linked loans
77 Privately Placed Corporate Bonds for Social Contribution (Donation-Type)
77 ESG Privately Placed Corporate Bonds
2 cases / ¥1.7 billion*5
378 cases / ¥30.5 billion
47 cases / ¥6.2 billion
     *1 *2
*3 *4
*5
Green bonds and other bonds refer only to investments with newly issued bonds.
Purchases of green bonds and other bonds, as well as sustainability-linked loans: Cumulative results from April 2018 through March 31, 2021.
Privately placed corporate bonds: Cumulative results from product launch through March 31, 2021
Of which, ¥1.1 billion is denominated in US dollars.
The Bank’s middle rate as of March 31, 2021 (USD 1 = JPY 110.71) has been used for yen conversion.
Denominated in US dollars. The Bank’s middle rate as of March 31, 2021 (USD 1 = JPY 110.71) has been used for yen conversion.
 52
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |53
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

 54
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |55
Company Name Head Office
Founded
Paid-in Capital
Number of Employees
143 (Head Office/Branches: 137, Sub-Branches: 6)
non-consolidated 10.14% / consolidated 10.39%
¥9,817.9 billion ¥8,551.7 billion ¥5,097.5 billion
77 Shin-Yo Hosyo
Provides debt guarantees for customers using housing loans, car loans, and other unsecured loans, as well as credit management and other services.
(Billions of yen) 30.0
20.0 10.0 0
23.0
31-Mar-19
25.3
31-Mar-20
77 Card
27.0
31-Mar-21
(Billions of yen) 900.0
600.0 300.0 0
793.8
31-Mar-19
834.0
31-Mar-20
77 Securities
868.7
31-Mar-21
●
Iwagasaki Wakayanagi ●
Nainowaki ●
Kesennuma
●
● Shizugawa
0
●Zao ● nishi Murata
Profile (As of March 31, 2021)
Service Network (As of July 31, 2021)
FY2019
Tokyo
2 Branches
● Iwanuma ● Funaoka/Tsukinoki
● Ogawara
Watari ●
● Kakuda ● Yamashita
● Marumori
The 77 Bank, Ltd.
3-20, Chuo 3-chome, Aobaku, Sendai, Miyagi 980-8777, Japan
December 9, 1878 ¥24.6 billion
2,742
Number of Branches
Capital Adequacy Ratio (domestic standards)
Total Assets
Certificates of Deposits
Loans and Bills Discounted
Hokkaido
1 Branch
Group companies
77 Lease
Supports customers’ capital expenditure via finance leases, etc., for office equip- ment, transportation equipment, industrial machinery, medical devices, engineering and construction machinery, etc.
Overseas
Shanghai 1 Representative Office / Singapore 1 Representative Office
Balance of lease and installment claims
Balance of housing loan guarantees
Corporate Sales Offices 2 Locations
Akita
1 Branch
Yamagata
1 Branch
Issues JCB, Visa, MasterCard, and other credit cards to retail and corporate customers, provides support for the introduction of cashless devices, and provides card loan guarantees.
As the only securities company headquartered in Miyagi Prefecture, provides quali- ty services and products with a high level of expertise from the customer’s perspec- tive, based on “bank-securities company cooperation” with the 77 Bank.
Balance of assets in custody (excluding brokerage from the 77 Bank)
● ● Onoda
Nakaniida
●Furu ●Tajiri kawa ●
● Wakuya Kogota
(Billions of yen)
100.0 89.2 50.0
96.1
FY2020
(Billions of yen)
120.0 80.0 40.0 0
●
● (Naruse Sub-Branch)
Total purchase transaction volume
Minamifurukawa ● Furukawatokamachi ●
Fukushima
6 Branches
● Yoshioka Tomiya ●
Akashidai ● ●
Ishinomaki 9 Branches, 1 Sub-Branch ● Kashimadai and Matsuyama Sub-Branches
Yamoto Onagawa ● Matsushima ●
77 Research and Consulting
Nagoya
1 Branch
● Shiroishi
Provides services with expertise and a high level of added value, mainly centered on membership organization management, survey and research, and consulting.
Main business activities include the formation and management of investment limited partnerships (funds), as well as providing a wide range of funding tailored to the business characteristics and projects of companies, and engaging in company development and company support through investment, etc.
Osaka
1 Branch
(Cases)
100 50 0
Number of consulting and contracted survey cases
94
FY2021
(Millions of yen)
2,500 1,500 500
0
Shichishika-kun
Cumulative amount of investment
1,743
31-Mar-20
Shichisaru-kun
77 Research and Consulting Co., Ltd.
23
FY2019
54
FY2020
510
31-Mar-19
Shichiken-kun
77 Securities Co., Ltd.
■Service Network Data
with Miyagi Prefecture
* Japanese Language only
Number of ATMs
710
618 [393]
77 Bank Group characters
Within Miyagi Prefecture Cities
[Of which, Sendai City]
35 14
Shichirisu-kun
77 Lease Co., Ltd.
Shichitora-kun
77 Shin-Yo Hosyo Co., Ltd.
Shichisai-kun
77 Card Co., Ltd.
Shichimi-chan
86.6
FY2021
81.5
31-Mar-20
77 Capital
108.9
31-Mar-21
Sendai
61 Branches, 2 Sub-Branches
Rifu
58.2
31-Mar-19
● Kawasaki
Masuda ●
Natori-nishi ● Iwanuma-●
Shichi
● gahama Shiogama 3 Branches
● Geba
● Tagajou
● Takasago
● Morisekinoshita/Yuriage
● (Sendai Airport Sub-Branch)
2,485
31-Mar-21
Shichiushi-kun
77 Capital Co., Ltd.
Scan the QR code to read the branches and cash service corners.
Aomori
Iwate
2 Branches
Miyagi Prefecture
Head Office/Branches: 122, Sub-Branches: 6
● Naruko
Number of municipalities
Of which, areas with the Bank’s location
31 14
Total number of the Bank’s locations
128 109 [63]
Of which branches within branches
13 12 [5]
Towns 20 17 19 1 91
Villages 1 — — —
1
28
3
25 738 ATMs
Outside of Miyagi Prefecture Within Tokyo
Other prefectures
Total
35 municipalities
31 cities and towns
15 2
13*1
143 locations*2
—
—
—
13 locations
*1 Other branch locations: Sapporo City, Morioka City, Kitakami City, Akita City, Yamagata City, Fukushima City, Koriyama City, Soma City, Minamisoma City, Iwaki City (2 branches), Nagoya City, and Osaka City
*2 The total number of 143 locations includes one branch that only offers transfers, and the number of locations is 135, taking into account seven branches within branches.
● Iwadeyama
● Sanuma/Maiya ●
Tome
● Tsukidate/Ichihasama

                                                                                     ― Consolidated Five-Year Summary ― THE 77 BANK, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES As of March 31
― Consolidated Balance Sheet ―
THE 77 BANK, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES March 31, 2021
ASSETS:
Millions of Yen
2021 2020 2019 2018
2017
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1) 2021
$12,391,572
 For the fiscal year
Net interest income
Net fees and commissions
Net other operating (loss) income Net income attributable to owners of
the parent
At the fiscal year-end
Total assets
Deposits
Loans and bills discounted Trading account securities and
investment securities Equity
Common stock
Per share of common stock
Basic net income
Diluted net income
Equity
Cash dividends
Capital adequacy ratio (%)
10.39 10.31 10.38 10.43 10.73 Notes: 1. The national consumption tax and the local consumption tax are excluded from transaction amounts.
2. The Bank’s capital adequacy ratio on the domestic standard is accompanied by the revision of Article 14, Paragraph 2, of the Banking Law of Japan, in line with enforcement of the related law for financial system reform.
3. On October 1, 2017, the Bank conducted consolidation of shares at a ratio of five shares to one share. Per share information is computed as if the share consolidation was conducted on April 1, 2016.
Millions of Yen
  ¥ 69,877 ¥ 67,886 ¥ 65,217 ¥ 69,644 ¥ 67,678 11,553 11,458 11,345 10,963 10,973
(8,117) (2,186) (3,104) (7,869) (5,213) 16,468 18,261 17,670 18,314 16,114
¥9,839,581 ¥8,770,037 ¥8,627,510 ¥8,718,097 ¥8,649,396 8,527,481 7,865,991 7,872,834 7,946,100 7,805,860 5,088,570 4,886,221 4,718,942 4,621,062 4,443,883
3,127,169 2,922,506 2,978,130 3,146,865 3,262,638 513,337 447,436 489,077 490,737 468,195 24,658 24,658 24,658 24,658 24,658
Yen
2021 2020 2019 2018 2017
¥ 222.89 ¥ 246.97 ¥ 237.90 ¥ 246.87 ¥ 215.73 246.45 214.74 6,947.19 6,057.30 6,582.31 6,613.28 6,306.73 50.00 50.00 47.50 45.00 45.00
Cash and due from banks (Notes 3 and 26) Call loans and bills bought
Debt purchased
Trading account securities (Note 4)
2021 ¥1,371,871
4,000 20,627 108,901 3,106,542 5,088,570 5,865
2020
¥ 747,105 429 4,000 18,873 82,344 2,903,632 4,886,221 9,528
19,261
8,208 19,315 56 282 4,388
36,130 186,315 983,660
   Money held in trust (Notes 5 and 26)
Investment securities (Notes 4, 10, 11, 26, 27 and 28) Loans and bills discounted (Notes 6, 12, 26, 27 and 28) Foreign exchange assets (Note 7)
Lease receivables and investments in leases
28,060,175 45,963,056 52,976
(Notes 25 and 28)
Tangible fixed assets (Notes 8, 9 and 16):
177,373
71,176 174,446 451 2,339 52,226
758 2,366 8,888
19,637 Buildings 7,880
 Land 19,313
Lease assets
Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
50 259 5,782
Intangible fixed assets:
Software 84
120
 Other intangible fixed assets
Deferred tax assets (Note 23) Customers’ liabilities for acceptances and
TOTAL
LIABILITIES:
262 984
264 4,173
   guarantees (Notes 10 and 28) Other assets (Notes 11 and 27) Reserve for loan losses
43,735
45,258
395,041
96,568 (61,356)
79,792 (63,220)
872,260 (554,204)
¥9,839,581
¥8,770,037
¥7,865,991 8,706 11,986 285,901 116 25,539 735 337 860
$88,877,075
    Domestic standard
Deposits (Notes 11, 13 and 26)
Call money and bills sold
Payables under securities lending transactions (Note 11) Borrowed money (Notes 11, 14 and 26)
Foreign exchange liabilities (Note 7) (
¥8,527,481
25,869 604,679 155 17,102 817 311 804 22,037 43,735 83,251 9,326,243
$77,025,390
233,664 5,461,828 1,400 154,475 7,379 2,809 7,262 199,051 395,041 751,973 84,240,294
 Liability for employees’ retirement benefits Reserve for stock-based benefits (Note 17) Reserve for reimbursement of deposits Reserve for contingent losses
Note 15
)
 Deferred tax liabilities (Note 23)
Acceptances and guarantees (Notes 10 and 28) Other liabilities (Notes 16 and 27)
45,258
Total liabilities
77,167 8,322,600
  EQUITY (Notes 17, 18 and 31):
Common stock—authorized, 268,800,000 shares;
24,658
222,726
issued, 76,655,746 shares in 2021 and 2020 Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Less: treasury stock—at cost, 2,764,422 shares and
20,517 374,218
24,658
185,322 3,380,164
2,788,464 shares in 2021 and 2020, respectively Accumulated other comprehensive income:
(6,972) 106,557
(375) (5,265)
513,337 ¥9,839,581
(7,040) 56,207
(826) (7,541)
447,436 ¥8,770,037
(62,975) 962,487
(3,387) (47,556)
4,636,771 $88,877,075
Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities (Note 4) Deferred losses on derivatives under hedge accounting
(Note 27)
Defined retirement benefit plans (Note 15)
Total equity TOTAL
20,517 361,462
   56
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 57
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

                                                                                     ― Consolidated Statement of Income ― THE 77 BANK, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES Year Ended March 31, 2021
INCOME:
― Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ― THE 77 BANK, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
Year Ended March 31, 2021
  Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1) 2021
Thousands
Number of Shares of Common Stock Outstanding
74,302
(490) 56
73,867
(1) 25
73,891
Millions of Yen
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 2021
2020
¥ 41,956
28,031 242 17,801 12,025 4,967 10,392 1,510 116,926
399 1,182 6,343 14,211 58,141 6,644 3,066 90,751 26,175
Deferred Unrealized Losses on
Gains on Derivatives Defined Available-for- under Hedge Retirement SaleSecurities Accounting BenefitPlans
  Interest income:
Interest on loans and discounts
Interest and dividends on trading account and
¥
41,616
29,186 406 17,977 13,990 11,836 3,798 1,163 119,976
$
375,901
263,625 3,667 162,379 126,366 106,909 34,305 10,504 1,083,696
Common Stock
¥24,658
24,658
¥24,658
Common Stock
$222,726
$222,726
Capital Surplus
¥20,517
20,517
¥20,517
Capital Surplus
$185,322
$185,322
Retained Earnings
¥346,926 18,261
(3,725)
361,462 16,468
(3,713)
¥374,218
Treasury Stock
¥(6,391)
(802) 153
(7,040)
(2) 70
¥(6,972)
Total Equity
¥489,077 18,261
(3,725)
(802) 153 (55,528)
447,436 16,468
(3,713)
(2) 70 53,077
¥513,337
Total Equity
$4,041,513 148,748
(33,538)
(18)
632 454,791 4,064 20,558 479,423
 investment securities Other
BALANCE, APRIL 1, 2019
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Cash dividends, ¥50.00 per share
Purchase of treasury stock Sales of treasury stock Net change in the year
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2020
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Cash dividends, ¥50.00 per share
Purchase of treasury stock Sales of treasury stock Net change in the year
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2021
¥111,108
(54,901)
56,207
50,350
¥106,557
¥(1,451)
624
(826)
450
¥ (375)
¥(6,290)
(1,251)
(7,541)
2,276
¥(5,265)
 Fees and commissions (Note 28)
Other operating income (Note 19)
Gains on sales of stocks and other securities Gains on sales of money held in trust
Other income (Note 20)
Total income
EXPENSES:
   Interest expense:
Interest on deposits
Interest on borrowings and rediscounts
Other 734
  Fees and commissions
Other operating expenses (Note 21) General and administrative expenses Provision for reserve for loan losses Other expenses (Notes 9 and 22)
INCOME TAXES (Note 23): Current
6,424 22,107 55,104
58,025 199,683 497,732
325 272
762
2,935 2,456 6,629
7,126
64,366
 Total expenses
INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES
3,057 95,152 24,823
27,612 859,470 224,216
       Deferred
5,758 2,595 8,354
16,468 16,468
Yen
¥222.89 50.00
8,047 (133)
52,009 23,439 75,458
148,748 148,748
 Total income taxes
7,913
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
  NET INCOME NETINCOMEATTRIBUTABLETOOWNERSOFTHEPARENT ¥
¥
18,261 18,261
¥246.97 50.00
$
Deferred Unrealized Losses on
Gains on Derivatives Defined Available-for- under Hedge Retirement Sale Securities Accounting Benefit Plans
    PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK (Note 30): Basic net income
U.S. Dollars
$2.01 0.45
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1) 2021
$ 148,748
454,791 4,064 20,558 479,423
$ 628,181 $ 628,181
Retained Earnings
Treasury Stock
   Cash dividends applicable to the year
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2020
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Cash dividends, $0.45 per share
Purchase of treasury stock
Sales of treasury stock Net change in the year
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2021
$3,264,944 $(63,589) $507,695 $(7,460) $(68,114) 148,748
 See notes to consolidated financial statements.
― Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ― THE 77 BANK, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
Year Ended March 31, 2021
(33,538)
Millions of Yen
(18) 632
  NET INCOME
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Note 24):
2021
¥ 16,468
50,350 450 2,276 53,077
¥ 69,546 ¥ 69,546
2020
¥ 18,261
$3,380,164 $(62,975) $962,487 $(3,387) $(47,556) $4,636,771
   Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities Deferred gains on derivatives under hedge accounting Defined retirement benefit plans
(54,901) 624
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
Total other comprehensive income (loss)
(1,251) (55,528)
 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
¥(37,267) ¥(37,267)
  58
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 59
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO―
Owners of the parent
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

                                                                                     ― Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ― THE 77 BANK, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
Year Ended March 31, 2021
OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Income before income taxes Adjustments for:
Income taxes—paid
Depreciation and amortization
Losses on impairment of fixed assets
Net change in reserve for loan losses
Net change in reserve for reimbursement of deposits
Net change in reserve for contingent losses
Net change in reserve for stock-based benefits
Net change in liability for employees’ retirement benefits Interest income
Interest expense
Losses (gains) on investment securities—net
Gains on money held in trust—net
Foreign exchange (gains) losses —net
Losses on sales and disposals of fixed assets—net
Net change in loans and bills discounted
Net change in deposits
Net change in borrowed money (except for subordinated loans) Net change in due from banks (except for the Bank of Japan) Net change in call loans and bills bought
Net change in call money and bills sold
Net change in payables under securities lending transactions Net change in trading account securities
Net change in foreign exchange assets
Net change in foreign exchange liabilities
Net change in lease receivables and investments in leases Interest received
Interest paid
Other—net
Total adjustments
Net cash provided by operating activities—(Forward)
INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
Purchases of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of investment securities Proceeds from maturity of investment securities Increase in money held in trust
Proceeds from dispositions of money held in trust Purchases of tangible fixed assets
Proceeds from sales of tangible fixed assets Purchases of intangible fixed assets
Payment for execution of asset retirement obligations
Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities
FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Purchases of treasury stock Dividends paid
Net cash used in financing activities
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENTS ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR (Note 3)
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
― Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ― THE 77 BANK, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
Year Ended March 31, 2021
  2021 24,823
(9,597) 3,300 292
(1,864) (26) (56)
82 (5,166) (71,209)
1,332
1,989 (3,073) (3,683)
71 (202,349)
661,489 318,777 4,817 429
(8,706) 13,883
(1,753) 3,662 38
(376) 74,748
(1,714) 4,245 779,584 804,407
(811,155) 149,314 511,793
(20,000) 3,510
(4,625) 41
(171,121)
(2) (3,716) (3,718)
16 629,584 737,406 ¥1,366,991
(Note 1)
Millions of Yen 2020
Thousands of
U.S. Dollars
2021 224,216
(86,685) 29,807 2,637
(16,836) (234) (505)
740 (46,662) (643,202)
12,031
17,965 (27,757) (33,267)
641 (1,827,739)
5,974,970 2,879,387 43,510 3,874
(78,637) 125,399
(15,834) 33,077 343
(3,396) 675,169
(15,481) 38,343 7,041,676 $ 7,265,892
(7,326,844) 1,348,694 4,622,825
(180,652) 31,704
(41,775) 370
(1,545,668)
(18) (33,565) (33,583)
144 5,686,785 6,660,699 $12,347,493
1. BASIS OF PRESENTING CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Japanese Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and its related accounting regulations and the Enforcement Regulation for the Banking Law of Japan (the “Banking Law”), and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, which are different in certain respects as to the application and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards.
In preparing these consolidated financial statements, certain reclassifications and rearrangements have been made to the consolidated financial statements issued domestically in order to present them in a form which is more familiar to readers outside Japan. In addition, certain reclassifications have been made to the 2020 consolidated financial statements to conform to the classifications used in 2021.
In accordance with the Japanese Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant regulations, all Japanese yen figures in the consolidated financial statements have been rounded down to the nearest million yen, except for per share data. Accordingly, the total of each account may not be equal to the combined total of individual items. Also, U.S. dollar amounts have been rounded down to the nearest thousand dollars.
The consolidated financial statements are stated in Japanese yen, the currency of the country in which The 77 Bank, Ltd. (the “Bank”) is incorporated and operates. The translations of Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan and have been made at the rate of ¥110.71 to U.S.$1, the approximate rate of exchange as of March 31, 2021. Such translations should not be construed as representations that the Japanese yen amounts could be converted into U.S. dollars at that or any other rate.
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
a. Consolidation—The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Bank and its significant subsidiaries (collectively, the “Companies”). There were five consolidated subsidiaries as of March 31, 2021 and 2020.
Under the control and influence concepts, those companies in which the Bank, directly or indirectly, is able to exercise control over operations are fully consolidated.
All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. All material unrealized profits included in assets resulting from transactions within the Companies are eliminated in consolidation.
(1) Scope of consolidation
Consolidated Subsidiaries
There was no change in the scope of consolidation during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021.
Unconsolidated Subsidiaries
77 Capital Co., Ltd.
77 New Business Investment Limited Partnership 77 Strategic Investment Limited Partnership
77 Capital Investment Limited Partnership 2 Unconsolidated subsidiaries are excluded from the
scope of consolidation because they are not material to the consolidated financial statements in terms of total assets, income, net income (corresponding to the Bank’s share), retained earnings (corresponding to the Bank’s share) and accumulated other comprehensive income (corresponding to the Bank’s share).
77 Capital Investment Limited Partnership 2 has been included in unconsolidated subsidiaries from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, since it was newly incorporated.
(2) Equity method
Unconsolidated Subsidiaries Not Accounted for by the Equity Method
77 Capital Co., Ltd.
77 New Business Investment Limited Partnership 77 Strategic Investment Limited Partnership
77 Capital Investment Limited Partnership 2 These companies are excluded from the scope of
equity method accounting because they are not material to the consolidated financial statements in terms of net income (corresponding to the Bank’s share), retained earnings (corresponding to the Bank’s share) and accumulated other comprehensive income (corresponding to the Bank’s share).
77 Capital Investment Limited Partnership 2 has been included in unconsolidated subsidiaries not accounted for by the equity method from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, since it was newly incorporated.
b. Business Combinations—Business combinations are accounted for using the purchase method. Acquisition- related costs, such as advisory fees or professional fees, are accounted for as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred. If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the business combination occurs, an acquirer shall report in its financial statements provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. During the measurement period, which shall not exceed one year from the acquisition, the acquirer shall retrospectively adjust the provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date and that would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. Such adjustments shall be recognized as if the accounting for the business combination had been completed at the acquisition date. A parent’s ownership interest in a subsidiary might change if the parent purchases or sells ownership interests in its subsidiary. The carrying amount of noncontrolling interest is adjusted to reflect the change in the parent’s ownership interest in its subsidiary while the parent retains its controlling interest in its subsidiary. Any difference between the fair value of the consideration received or paid and the amount by which the noncontrolling interest is adjusted is accounted for as capital surplus as long as the parent retains control over its subsidiary.
  ¥
¥
26,175
(7,075) 3,227 126 2,351
(127) 79
(15) (161) (70,229)
2,343 (2,191) (8,967) 3,022
$
        ¥
49 (167,278) (6,843)
169,257 (3,656)
152 (7,398) (5,428)
974 (4,793) (222) (1,638)
75,035 (2,425)
22,326 (9,507)
¥ 16,667
(645,953) 37,056 601,904
30,508 (3,144)
32 (96) (19)
20,289
(802) (3,718) (4,521) (12)
32,423 704,983 ¥ 737,406
           60
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 61
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

                                                                                     c. Cash and Cash Equivalents—For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents represent cash and amounts
due from the Bank of Japan.
d. Trading Account Securities, Investment Securities and Money Held in Trust—Securities other than investments in affiliates are classified into three categories, based principally on the Companies’ intent, as follows: (1) trading account securities, which are held for the purpose of earning capital gains in the near term, are reported at fair value and the related unrealized gains and losses are included in earnings; (2) held-to-maturity debt securities, which are expected to be held to maturity with the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity, are reported at amortized cost; and (3) available-for-sale securities, which are not classified as either of the aforementioned securities, are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of applicable taxes, reported in a separate component of equity.
The cost of trading account securities and available-for- sale securities sold is determined based on the moving- average method.
In addition, investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries not accounted for by the equity method are reported at cost determined by the moving-average method.
Available-for-sale securities for which fair value is extremely difficult to determine are reported at cost determined by the moving-average method.
For other-than-temporary declines in fair value, investment securities are reduced to net realizable value by a charge to income.
Securities included in money held in trust are also classified and accounted for using the same method as above.
The components of trust assets are accounted for based on the standard appropriate for each asset type. Instruments held in trust for trading purposes are recorded at fair value and unrealized gains and losses are recorded in other income/expenses. Instruments held in trust classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair value with the corresponding unrealized gains/losses recorded directly in a separate component of equity. Instruments held in trust classified as held to maturity are carried at amortized cost.
e. Tangible Fixed Assets—Tangible fixed assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and gains deferred on the sale and replacement of certain assets. Depreciation of tangible fixed assets, except for lease assets, is mainly computed using the declining-balance method at rates based on the estimated useful lives of the assets. The range of useful lives is principally from 5 to 31 years for buildings and from 4 to 20 years for equipment. Lease assets under finance lease transactions, in which substantial ownership is not deemed to have been transferred, are depreciated using the straight-line method over the lease term. The salvage value is zero or the guaranteed amounts if specified in the lease contracts (see Note 2.o).
f. Intangible Fixed Assets—The amortization of intangible fixed assets is calculated using the straight-line method. Capitalized costs of computer software developed/obtained for internal use are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of five years.
g. Long-Lived Assets—The Companies review their long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the continued use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group. The impairment loss would be measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of the discounted cash flows (“DCFs”) from the continued use and eventual disposition of the asset or the net selling price at disposition.
h. Foreign Currency Items—Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies held by the Bank at year-end are translated into Japanese yen at the current exchange rates in effect at each consolidated balance sheet date. Exchange gains and losses are recognized in the fiscal periods in which they occur.
i. Reserve for Loan Losses—The Bank determines the amount of the reserve for loan losses by means of management’s judgment and assessment of future losses based on internal rules for write offs and provisions.
For loans to borrowers classified as legally bankrupt or virtually bankrupt, the Bank fully provides the net amount of loans and estimated collectible amounts by collateral or guarantees. Regarding loans to borrowers classified as possibly bankrupt, a specific reserve is provided to the necessary extent for the net amount of loans and estimated collectible amounts by collateral or guarantees.
For large debtors who are possibly bankrupt and debtors requiring special attention, if the cash flows from collection of the principal and interest can be reasonably estimated, the reserve is provided based on the difference between the relevant cash flows discounted by the initial contractual interest rates and the carrying amounts of the loans (the “DCF method”).
The reserve for other loan loss is recorded principally at the amount of estimated losses over the next two or three years. Estimated losses are determined by calculating a loss rate based on the average of actual loss ratio over the past certain period, which is calculated with credit loss experience over two or three years. Adjustments are to be made as necessary in light of future outlook and other factors.
All the loans are assessed by sales related department in accordance with the self-assessment standard and the results are audited by asset audit department independent from the sales related department.
The Bank’s subsidiaries determine the reserve for loan losses based on the actual loss ratio or estimated collectible amounts in accordance with the self- assessment standard.
(Notes)
1. Category of loans by debtor classification is defined as below in compliance with the classification provided in “Practical Guideline on Self-Assessment of Assets and Audit of Bad Debts and Reserve for Loan Losses of Banks and Other Financial Institutions” (the Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “JICPA”) Special Audit Committee Report No. 4 for Banks and Other Financial Institutions issued on October 8, 2020), that is, “normal debtors,” “debtors requiring caution,” “possibly bankrupt debtors,” “virtually bankrupt debtors” and “legally bankrupt debtors.”
Category
Legally bankrupt
Virtually bankrupt
Possibly bankrupt
Caution
Special attention
Normal
Criteria
Debtors who are legally or formally bankrupt
Debtors who are virtually bankrupt, experiencing serious financial difficulty with no prospect of a turnaround, although there are no existence of facts of legal or formal bankruptcy
Debtors who are in financial difficulty and likely to become bankrupt in the future, although they are not currently bankrupt
Debtors who have issues concerning lending conditions, debtors who have issues concerning the status of fulfilment of obligations or debtors who are in the red, experiencing sluggish or unstable performances
Of the debtors classified as caution, those whose debts, either partially or wholly, require special attention
Debtors whose performance is favorable and who are considered to have no specific issues regarding financial conditions
Consolidated subsidiaries apply a shortcut method whereby the amount of the retirement benefits required to be paid if all the employees voluntarily retired at the end of the fiscal year is regarded as projected benefit obligations in determining the liability for employees’ retirement benefits and net periodic retirement benefit costs.
n. Asset Retirement Obligations—The asset retirement obligation is recognized as the sum of the DCFs required for the future asset retirement and is recorded in the period in which the obligation is incurred if a reasonable estimate can be made. If a reasonable estimate of the asset retirement obligation cannot be made in the period the asset retirement obligation is incurred, the liability should be recognized when a reasonable estimate of the asset retirement obligation can be made. Upon initial recognition of a liability for an asset retirement obligation, an asset retirement cost is capitalized by increasing the carrying amount of the related fixed asset by the amount of the liability. The asset retirement cost is subsequently allocated to expense through depreciation over the remaining useful life of the asset. Over time, the liability is accreted to its present value each period. Any subsequent revisions to the timing or the amount of the original estimate of undiscounted cash flows are reflected as an increase or a decrease in the carrying amount of the liability and the capitalized amount of the related asset retirement cost.
o. Leases
As a lessee
Finance lease transactions are capitalized to recognize lease assets and lease obligations in the consolidated balance sheet.
As a lessor
All finance leases that are deemed to transfer ownership of the leased property to the lessee are recognized as lease receivables, and all finance leases that are deemed not to transfer ownership of the leased property to the lessee are recognized as investments in leases.
p. Income Taxes—The provision for income taxes is computed based on the pretax income included in the consolidated statement of income. The asset and liability approach is used to recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred taxes are measured by applying currently enacted tax laws to the temporary differences.
q. Derivatives and Hedging Activities—It is the Bank’s policy to use derivative financial instruments (“derivatives”) primarily for the purpose of reducing market risks associated with its assets and liabilities. The Bank also utilizes derivatives to meet the needs of its clients while entering into derivatives as a part of its trading activities. The Bank enters into interest rate swaps and interest rate swaptions as a means of hedging its interest rate risk on certain loans and investment securities and to meet the needs of its clients. The Bank also enters into currency swaps, foreign exchange forward contracts, and currency options to hedge foreign currency exchange risk associated with its assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and to meet the needs of its clients.
Derivatives are recognized as either assets or liabilities and measured at fair value. Gains or losses on derivative transactions are recognized in the consolidated statement
      2. The loss rate is in principle defined as the average rate of bad debts for the recent five base years, but comparisons with the average rate of bad debts for the recent two base years are also taken into account in the calculation. Also, necessary adjustments are made by referring to the average rate of bad debts for a number of base years to appropriately incorporate the risk during the recession period.
j. Reserve for Stock-Based Benefits—Reserve for stock-based benefits is provided for the grants of the Bank’s shares to directors, etc. in accordance with the stock grant program based on the estimated stock-based benefits liabilities as of the fiscal year end.
k. Reserve for Reimbursement of Deposits—Reserve for reimbursement of deposits which were derecognized as liabilities is provided for the future estimated payments for reimbursement claims on dormant deposit accounts based on the historical reimbursement experience.
l. Reserve for Contingent Losses—Reserve for contingent losses is provided for the future estimated payments of burden money to the Credit Guarantee Corporations based on the historical experience of subrogation.
m. Employees’ Retirement and Pension Plans—In calculation of projected benefit obligations, expected benefits are attributed to periods on a benefit formula basis. Treatment of prior service cost and actuarial gains and losses is as follows:
Prior service cost is charged to expenses when incurred.
Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses are amortized by the straight-line method from the following fiscal year after the fiscal year when they were incurred over a definite period (10 years) with the employees’ average remaining service period when incurred.
  62
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 63
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

                                                                                     of income. If derivatives qualify for hedge accounting because of high correlation and effectiveness between the hedging instruments and
the hedged items, the gains or losses on derivatives are deferred until maturity of the hedged transactions.
The interest rate swaps which qualify for hedge
accounting and meet specific matching criteria are not remeasured at market value, but the differential paid or received under the swap agreements is recognized and included in interest expense or income.
r. Per Share Information—Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period, retroactively adjusted for stock splits or share consolidation.
Cash dividends per share presented in the consolidated statement of income are dividends applicable to the respective years including dividends to be paid after the end of the year.
s. Significant Accounting Estimates
(1) Amount recorded in the consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2021
¥61,356 million ($554,204 thousand)
The method of computing reserve for loan losses is stated in “i. Reserve for loan losses” under Note 2, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.”
ii. Main assumptions
Main assumptions are the future prospects used in the assessment of the category of loans by debtor classification.
Debtor classification is assessed by comprehensively taking into account profitability projections, reasonableness of management improvement plans, status of support from financial institutions, etc., based on the characteristics of the industry to which the debtor belongs, after verifying the debtor’s ability to repay the debts based on the financial position, cash management, cash flows, etc. of the debtor and confirming the lending conditions and the status of its fulfilment.
Regarding the domestic economy, it is assumed that the economic downturn will continue for the time being due to the impact of COVID-19. There was no significant change in the assumptions on COVID-19 from the previous fiscal year.
iii.Impact on the consolidated financial statements for the following fiscal year
If the assumptions used in the initial estimates change due to changes in the debtors’ performances, this may have a significant impact on reserve for loan losses in the consolidated financial statements for the following fiscal year.
Furthermore, changes in assumptions used for the estimates include a risk of a further downturn in the economy due to the delay of supply of COVID-19 vaccines and prolonged restrictions of economic activity following the spread of the highly contagious variants of COVID-19.
t. Changes in Presentation—On March 31, 2020, the Accounting Standards Board of Japan (“ASBJ”) issued ASBJ Statement No. 31, “Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates.”
The Bank has applied this standard to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2021, and provided a note concerning significant accounting estimates in the consolidated financial statements. However, such note does not state the contents concerning the previous fiscal year pursuant to the transitional treatment prescribed in the proviso of paragraph 11 of the above standard.
3. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
The reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year and cash and due from banks in the consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, was as follows:
Millions of Yen
2021
the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, were ¥149,876 million ($1,353,771 thousand) and ¥37,056 million, respectively. Gross realized gains and losses on these sales, computed on a moving average cost basis, were ¥12,241 million ($110,568 thousand) and ¥1,203 million ($10,866 thousand), respectively, for the year ended March 31, 2021, and ¥5,077 million and ¥136 million, respectively, for the year ended March 31, 2020.
Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, consisted of the following:
  Cost
Unrealized Gains
¥78,064 9,093 77,926
Unrealized Losses
¥ 1,155 4,702 15,484 1
Fair Value
¥ 20,627
136,119 2,205,911 756,190 1,012
Fair Value
¥ 18,873
103,977 2,155,864 635,321 1,000
Fair Value
$ 186,315
1,229,509 19,925,128 6,830,367 9,140
 Securities classified as: Trading
Available-for-sale: Equity securities* ¥
Debt securities
Other securities* Held to maturity
Securities classified as: Trading
Available-for-sale: Equity securities* ¥
Debt securities
Other securities* Held to maturity
Securities classified as: Trading
 59,209 2,201,520 693,748 1,014
Cost
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$1,296,052
71,475 (405,031)
962,487
   Millions of Yen
2020
Unrealized Unrealized
2021
2020
Valuation differences: Available-for-sale securities Available-for-sale money
held in trust Deferred tax liabilities
¥143,486
7,913 919
    Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$12,391,572
( ) 44,079
$12,347,493
Gains
¥54,647 13,036 42,635
Losses
¥ 2,724 3,471 25,176
¥78,690 (44,841) (23,401)
¥106,557 ¥56,207 5. MONEY HELD IN TRUST
    Cash and due from banks Due from banks, excluding
due from the Bank of Japan Cash and cash equivalents
at the end of year
2021
¥1,371,871
( ) 4,880
¥1,366,991
2020
¥747,105
( ) 9,698
¥737,406
52,054 2,146,298 617,863 1,000
Unrealized gains on available- for-sale securities
$
  Reserve for loan losses
    (2) Information about the details of significant accounting estimates for the identified item
i. Computation method
4. TRADING ACCOUNT SECURITIES AND INVESTMENT SECURITIES
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
Unrealized Unrealized
The carrying amounts and aggregate fair values of money held in trust as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, were as follows:
   Trading account securities as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, consisted of the following:
Available-for-sale:
Equity securities* $
Debt securities 19,885,466 82,133 42,471 Other securities* 6,266,353 703,874 139,860
Cost
¥21,581 ¥21,581
Cost
¥21,581 ¥21,581
Gains
¥7,913 ¥7,913
Losses
Fair Value
¥ 79,406 29,494 ¥108,901
Fair Value
¥59,843 22,500 ¥82,344
Fair Value
$717,243 266,407 $983,660
Cost
Gains
Losses
Millions of Yen
2021
Unrealized Unrealized
    Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$ 2,068
Investment securities as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, consisted of the following:
534,811
Held to maturity 9,159 9
Money held in trust classified as:
Trading Available-for-sale Total
Money held in trust classified as:
Trading Available-for-sale Total
Money held in trust classified as:
 Millions of Yen
$705,121
$ 10,432
  National government bonds Local government bonds Other securities
Total
2021
¥ 229
2020
¥ 649 12,222 6,000
14,396 6,001
130,033 54,204 ¥20,627 ¥18,873 $186,315
* Unlisted equity securities for which the fair value is extremely difficult to determine are not included.
Securities, other than trading account securities, with readily determinable fair value, whose fair value significantly declined compared with the acquisition cost and whose fair value is not considered likely to recover to their acquisition cost, are written down to the respective fair value. The related losses on revaluation are charged to income for the fiscal year.
Impairment losses were recognized for available-for- sale securities in the amount of ¥119 million ($1,074 thousand), consisting of ¥119 million ($1,074 thousand) of other securities, and ¥201 million, consisting of ¥201 million of equity securities for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Millions of Yen
2020
Unrealized Unrealized
        Gains
¥919 ¥919
Losses
  Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$ 2,478,583 8,212,221 9,243,473 1,245,452 6,880,426
$28,060,175
   National government bonds ¥ Local government bonds
Corporate bonds Equity securities Other securities
Total
2021
274,404
2020
¥ 453,343 744,437 959,084 105,845 640,922 ¥2,903,632
  909,175 1,023,345 137,884 761,732 ¥3,106,542
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
Unrealized Unrealized
    Cost
Gains
Losses
   Investment in an unconsolidated subsidiary in the amount of ¥25 million ($225 thousand) and ¥25 million and investment in interest in partnership in the amount of ¥3,580 million ($32,336 thousand) and ¥2,771 million are included in the above equity securities and other securities as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
The carrying amounts and aggregate fair values of securities as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, were as follows:
Securities below include trading account securities and investment securities:
The criteria for determining whether the fair value has “significantly declined” are defined based on the asset classification of the issuer in the internal standards for asset quality self-assessment as follows:
Trading
Available-for-sale $194,932 $71,475 Total $194,932 $71,475
  64
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 65
(a) Normal issuer: Fair value declined by 50% or more of the acquisition cost or fair value declined between 30% and 50% and average fair value during the past one month declined by 50% or more (30% or more for issuers who have credit risk more than a certain level).
Available-for-sale securities held in trust, whose fair value significantly declined compared with the acquisition cost and whose fair value is not considered likely to recover to their acquisition cost, are written down to the respective fair value.
No impairment loss was recognized for money held in trust for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020.
(b) Caution issuers: Fair value declined by 30% or more of the acquisition cost.
(c) Legally bankrupt, virtually bankrupt, and possibly bankrupt issuers: Fair value is lower than the acquisition cost.
Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities for
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

                                                                                        6. LOANS AND BILLS DISCOUNTED
Loans and bills discounted as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, consisted of the following:
7. FOREIGN EXCHANGES
Foreign exchange assets and liabilities as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, consisted of the following:
10. CUSTOMERS’ LIABILITIES FOR ACCEPTANCES AND GUARANTEES
All contingent liabilities arising from acceptances and guarantees are reflected in “Acceptances and guarantees.” “Customers’ liabilities for acceptances and guarantees” are shown as assets, representing the Bank’s right to receive indemnity from the applicants.
The amount of guarantee obligations for privately placed corporate bonds included in securities as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, was ¥37,079 million ($334,920 thousand) and ¥25,859 million, respectively.
11. ASSETS PLEDGED
Assets pledged as collateral and their relevant liabilities as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, were as follows:
considered to be necessary. Subsequently, the Companies perform a periodic review of the customers’ business results based on internal rules and take necessary measures to reconsider conditions in contracts and require additional collateral and guarantees.
13. DEPOSITS
Deposits as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, consisted of the following:
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2021
$ 57,095 1,017,026 39,467,166 5,421,750 $45,963,056
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$52,976 $52,976
$ 108 1,282 $1,400
  2021
¥ 6,321
2020 8,417
2021
2020
  Bills discounted
Loans on bills
Loans on deeds
Overdrafts 600,242
¥
Assets
Due from foreign correspondent
accounts Total
Liabilities
Foreign exchange bills sold Foreign exchange bills payable
Total
8. TANGIBLE FIXED ASSETS
  112,595 4,369,410
134,989 4,126,107 616,705 ¥4,886,221
¥5,865 ¥9,528 ¥5,865 ¥9,528
 Total ¥5,088,570
Bills discounted are accounted for as financial
¥ 12 142 ¥155
¥ 38 78 ¥116
Millions of Yen
2021 2020
¥ 203,474 5,041,623 14,922 2,097,525 289,000 219,445 ¥7,865,991
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$ 2,176,108 51,923,728 122,283 18,765,161 1,910,035 2,128,055 $77,025,390
     transactions in accordance with “Treatment of Accounting and Auditing of Application of Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments in the Banking Industry” (JICPA Industry Committee Practical Guideline No. 24). The Bank has rights to sell or pledge these bills discounted. The total of the face value of bills discounted was ¥6,321 million ($57,095 thousand) and ¥8,417 million as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Loans and bills discounted as of March 31, 2021 and
¥ 5,748,476
Current deposits
Ordinary deposits
Deposits at notice
Time deposits
Negotiable certificates of deposit Other deposits
Total
240,917
     Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$8,832,192 1,300
469,406
233,664 5,385,556
13,538 2,077,491 211,460 235,597 ¥8,527,481
     2020, included the following loans:
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$ 29,726 670,111
9,321 302,375 $ 1,011,552
The accumulated depreciation of tangible fixed assets as of March 31, 2021, and 2020, amounted to ¥86,972 million ($785,583 thousand) and ¥85,053 million, respectively.
As of March 31, 2021 and 2020, deferred gains for tax purposes of ¥7,695 million ($69,505 thousand) and ¥7,695 million, respectively, on tangible fixed assets sold and replaced with similar assets have been deducted from the cost of newly acquired tangible fixed assets.
9. LONG-LIVED ASSETS
The Bank recognized impairment losses of ¥292 million ($2,637 thousand) and ¥126 million on certain operating branches, business premises, branches to be closed, and unused facilities for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
The impairment losses were composed of ¥107 million ($966 thousand) on buildings, ¥2 million ($18 thousand) on land and ¥182 million ($1,643 thousand) on other fixed assets for the year ended March 31, 2021, and ¥67 million on buildings and ¥59 million on other fixed assets for the year ended March 31, 2020.
For the purpose of testing for impairment, the Bank recognizes each individual branch office as a cash- generating unit for which it continues to manage and monitor identifiable cash flows. Branch offices to be closed and facilities not in operation are individually assessed for impairment. Subsidiaries recognize each company as a cash-generating unit. An impairment loss would be recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the continued use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group.
The impairment loss would be measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of the DCFs from the continued use and eventual disposition of the asset or the net selling price at disposition. The DCFs were calculated using discount rates of 6.6% and 5.7% for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and the net selling price was determined by quotation from a third-party vendor.
Assets pledged as collateral: Investment securities Other assets
Relevant liabilities to above assets: Deposits
Payables under securities lending transactions
Borrowed money
2021
¥977,812 144
51,968
25,869 596,235
2020
¥628,124 144
50,630
11,986 279,189
14. BORROWED MONEY
   Loans to borrowers in bankruptcy
Past due loans
Past due loans (three months
or more) Restructured loans
Total
2021 2020
¥ 3,291 ¥ 9,976 74,188 65,808
1,032 867 33,476 28,536 ¥111,989 ¥105,188
In addition to the above, the following assets were offered as collateral for exchange settlement transactions, or as substitutes for future transaction initial margin and others:
As of March 31, 2021 and 2020, the weighted-average annual interest rates applicable to borrowed money were 0.006% and 0.056%, respectively.
Borrowed money consisted of borrowings from the Bank of Japan and other financial institutions. Annual maturities of borrowed money as of March 31, 2021, were as follows:
     Loans to borrowers in bankruptcy represent nonaccrual loans to debtors who are legally bankrupt, as defined in the Enforcement Ordinance for the Corporation Tax Law.
Past due loans are nonaccrual loans which include loans classified as possibly bankrupt and virtually bankrupt.
Nonaccrual loans are defined as loans for which the Bank has discontinued accruing interest income due to substantial doubt existing about the ultimate collection of principal and/or interest. Such loans are classified either as possibly bankrupt or virtually bankrupt under the Bank’s self-assessment guidelines.
In addition to past due loans, certain other loans classified as caution under the Bank’s self-assessment guidelines include past due loans (three months or more) which consist of loans for which the principal and/or interest is three months or more past due, but exclude loans to borrowers in bankruptcy and past due loans.
Restructured loans are loans where the Bank and its subsidiaries relax lending conditions by reducing the original interest rate or by forbearing interest payments or principal repayments to support the borrower’s reorganization. Restructured loans exclude loans to borrowers in bankruptcy, past due loans or past due loans (three months or more).
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$ 903
451,630
84,680 840
Year Ending March 31
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027 and thereafter
Total
Millions of Yen
¥446,865 1,707 154,119 870 403 712 ¥604,679
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$4,036,356 15,418 1,392,096 7,858 3,640 6,431 $5,461,828
   Investment securities Other assets
Of which:
Cash collateral paid
for financial instruments Guarantee deposits for
leased tangible fixed assets
2021
¥ 100
50,000
9,375 93
2020
¥ 100
50,000
4,033 93
       66
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 67
12. LOAN COMMITMENTS
15. LIABILITY FOR EMPLOYEES’ RETIREMENT BENEFITS
The Bank has severance payment plans as defined benefit plans consisting of corporate pension fund plans and lump-sum retirement payment plans for employees. In addition, the Bank has established corporate defined contribution pension plans as defined contribution plans. The Bank has also established a retirement benefit trust under the lump-sum retirement payment plan.
The consolidated subsidiaries have lump-sum retirement payment plans and calculate liability for retirement benefit and retirement benefit costs using a shortcut method.
Contracts of overdraft facilities and loan commitments are contracts with customers to lend up to the prescribed limits in response to customers’ applications for a loan, as long as there is no violation of any condition within the contracts. As of March 31, 2021, the unused amount of such contracts totaled ¥1,671,011 million ($15,093,586 thousand), of which amounts with original agreement terms of less than one year were ¥1,551,636 million ($14,015,319 thousand). As of March 31, 2020, the unused amount of such contracts totaled ¥1,617,531 million, of which amounts with original agreement terms of less than one year were ¥1,512,502 million.
Since many of the commitments expire without being drawn upon, the unused amount does not necessarily represent a future cash requirement. Most of these contracts have conditions allowing the Companies to refuse customers’ applications for a loan or decrease the contract limits based on proper reasons (e.g., changes in financial situation, deterioration in customers’ creditworthiness). At the inception of the contracts, the Companies obtain collateral real estate, securities, etc., if
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

                                                                                      (1) The changes in projected benefit obligations for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, were as follows:
(4) The components of net periodic retirement benefit costs for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, were as follows:
(8) Assumptions used for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, were set forth as follows:
2021 2020
18. EQUITY
Japanese banks are subject to the Banking Law and to the Companies Act of Japan (the “Companies Act”). The significant provisions in the Companies Act and the Banking Law that affect financial and accounting matters are summarized below:
a. Dividends
Under the Companies Act, companies can pay dividends at any time during the fiscal year in addition to the year- end dividend upon resolution at the general meeting of stockholders. For companies that meet certain criteria such as (1) having a Board of Directors, (2) having independent auditors, (3) having an Audit & Supervisory Board, and (4) the term of service of the directors being prescribed as one year rather than two years of normal term by its articles of incorporation, the Board of Directors may declare dividends (except for dividends-in-kind) at any time during the fiscal year if the company has prescribed so in its articles of incorporation. The Bank meets all the above criteria. The Companies Act permits companies to distribute dividends-in-kind (noncash assets) to stockholders subject to certain limitations and additional requirements. Semiannual interim dividends may also be paid once a year upon resolution by the Board of Directors if the articles of incorporation of the company so stipulate. The Bank can do so because it stipulates this in its articles of incorporation. The Companies Act provides certain limitations on the amounts available for dividends or the purchase of treasury stock. The limitation is defined as the amount available for distribution to the stockholders, but the amount of net assets after dividends must be maintained at no less than ¥3 million.
b. Increases/Decreases and Transfer of Common Stock, Reserve and Surplus
The Banking Law requires that an amount equal to 20% of dividends must be appropriated as a legal reserve (a component of retained earnings) or as additional paid-in capital (a component of capital surplus) depending on the equity account charged upon the payment of such dividends until the total of the aggregate amount of the legal reserve and additional paid-in capital equals 100% of stated capital.
Under the Companies Act and the Banking Law, the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital and the legal reserve that exceeds 100% of the stated capital may be made available for dividends by resolution of the stockholders after transferring such excess to retained earnings in accordance with the Companies Act. Under the Companies Act, the total amount of additional paid-in capital and the legal reserve may be reversed without limitation. The Companies Act also provides that stated capital, legal reserve, additional paid-in capital, other capital surplus, and retained earnings can be transferred among the accounts under certain conditions upon resolution of the stockholders.
c. Treasury Stock and Treasury Stock Acquisition Rights
The Companies Act also provides for companies to purchase treasury stock and dispose of such treasury stock by resolution of the Board of Directors. The amount of treasury stock purchased cannot exceed the amount available for distribution to the stockholders which is determined by a specific formula. Under the Companies Act, stock acquisition rights are presented as a separate component of equity. The Companies Act also provides that companies can purchase both treasury stock acquisition rights and treasury stock. Such treasury stock acquisition rights are presented as a separate component of equity or deducted directly from stock acquisition rights.
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
14,976 3,974 17,965
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$ 14,976
3,974 (12,492)
14,623 $ 21,091
Discount rate 0.6% Long-term expected rate of return on plan assets 3.2 Expected rate of salary increase 4.5
0.6% 3.2 4.5
  2021 ¥69,248
1,658 440 1,989
(3,768) 180 ¥69,749
2021
2021
¥ 1,658
440 (1,383)
1,619 ¥ 2,335
   Balance at beginning of year Service cost
Interest cost
Actuarial losses
Benefits paid
Others
Balance at end of year
2020
¥69,781 $625,490
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets Recognized actuarial losses Net periodic retirement benefit costs
2020
¥ 1,677 443
(1,455) 1,196 ¥ 1,861
 1,677 443 455
(9) Defined contribution
The amount required to be contributed to the defined
(34,034) 1,625 ¥69,248 $630,015
contribution plan of the Bank was ¥263 million ($2,375 thousand) and ¥268 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
16. ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS
Asset retirement obligations which were recognized on the consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, were as follows:
a. Overview of asset retirement obligations
Asset retirement obligations are recognized for obligations of restoring leased buildings, such as branch premises, to their original state, based on the real estate lease contracts and asbestos removal costs.
b. Calculation of asset retirement obligations
Asset retirement obligations are calculated based on the estimated available periods of 16 to 31 years depending on the expected useful lives of buildings using discount rates from 0.139% to 2.324%.
c. The changes in asset retirement obligations for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, were as follows:
(3,289) 180
Note: Employees’ contribution to corporate pension funds is deducted.
(5) Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income (before income tax effect) in respect of defined retirement benefit plans for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, were as follows:
      (2) The changes in plan assets for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, were as follows:
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
12,492 32,878
52,027 (18,300)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 2020
¥3,270 ¥(1,798)
¥3,270 ¥(1,798) $29,536
 2021 ¥43,708
1,383 3,640
5,760 (2,026)
180 ¥52,647
2021
  Balance at beginning of year
Expected return on plan assets
Actuarial gains (losses)
Contributions from the employer
Benefits paid
Others
Balance at end of year
2020
¥45,879 $394,797
Millions of Yen
  1,455 (2,539)
761 (2,028)
Actuarial gains (losses) Total
2021 $29,536
   180
¥43,708 $475,539
1,625
(6) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (before income tax effect) in respect of defined retirement benefit plans as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, were as follows:
   (3) Reconciliation between the liability recorded in the consolidated balance sheet and the balances of projected benefit obligations and plan assets as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, was as follows:
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 2020
¥7,565 ¥10,836
¥7,565 ¥10,836 $68,331
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $5,970
45 $6,024
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen
   Unrecognized actuarial losses Total
2021 $68,331
Balance at beginning of year Increase due to acquisition
of tangible assets Reconciliation associated
with passage of time Decrease due to execution of asset retirement obligations
Other
Balance at end of year
2021 ¥661
5
¥667
2020
¥662 17 5
(15) (9)
¥661
    Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$ 628,687 (475,539)
153,147 1,327
(7) Plan assets as of March 31, 2021 and 2020
a. Components of plan assets
Cash and cash equivalents 1
Life insurance company accounts (general accounts) 20
Call loans, etc. 5
Others 0
Total     100% 100%
Note: Total plan assets as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, include retirement benefit trust established under lump-sum payment plans by 20% and 22%, respectively.
b.Method of determining the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets
The expected rate of return on plan assets is determined considering allocation of plan assets which are expected currently and in the future and the long-term rates of return which are expected currently and in the future from the various components of the plan assets.
  Funded projected benefit obligations
Plan assets
Total
Unfunded projected benefit obligations
Net liability arising from projected benefit obligations
Liability for employees’ retire- ment benefits
Asset for employees’ retirement benefits
Net liability arising from projected benefit obligations
2021
¥ 69,602 (52,647)
16,955 147
¥ 17,102
2020
¥ 69,110 (43,708)
25,401 137
Plan assets consisted of the following:
Debt investments 41%
     ¥ 25,539 $ 154,475
2021 Equity investments 33
2020 23% 23 11 24 19
  Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
0
17. PERFORMANCE-LINKED STOCK COMPENSATION SYSTEM
 2021
¥17,102
¥17,102
2020
 ¥25,539 $154,475
¥25,539 $154,475
The Bank has introduced a performance-linked stock compensation system (the “System”) based on the Board Incentive Plan (“BIP”) trust from the perspective of enhancing motivation to make contributions to improving the medium- to long-term performance and corporate value by further clarifying the linkage between compensation to directors, etc. and stock value of the Bank.
Under the System, the Bank’s shares are acquired using the funds contributed by the Bank as compensation to directors, etc. through the trust and such shares are granted to directors, etc. through the trust according to their ranks and achievement of management plans. Said transactions are related to the System.
The Bank’s shares remaining in the trust are recorded as treasury stock under “Equity” and the carrying amount of such treasury stock was ¥1,019 million ($9,204 thousand) and ¥1,089 million and the number of shares was 371 thousand shares and 396 thousand shares as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
  68
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 69
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

                                                                                        19. OTHER OPERATING INCOME
Other operating income for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, consisted of the following:
23. INCOME TAXES
The Companies are subject to Japanese national and local income taxes which, in the aggregate, resulted in a normal effective statutory tax rate of approximately 30.5% for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020.
The tax effects of significant temporary differences which resulted in deferred tax assets and liabilities as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, were as follows:
24. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
The components of other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, were as follows:
Maturities of investment in leases for finance leases as of March 31, 2021, are as follows:
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
¥13,990 ¥12,025 $126,366
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2021
Year Ending March 31
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027 and thereafter
Total
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
 Millions of Yen
2021 2020
Millions of Yen 2021 2020
¥
6,096 4,956 3,777 2,466 1,288 1,154
$
55,062 44,765 34,116 22,274 11,633 10,423
       Gain on sales and redemption of bonds and other securities
Lease receipts Other
Total
20. OTHER INCOME
¥ 404 7,363
110 $ 7,341
3,649 66,507
Unrealized gains (losses) on avail- able-for-sale securities:
Gain (loss) arising during the year
Reclassification adjustment to profit or loss
Amount before income tax effect Income tax effect
Total
Deferred gains on derivatives under hedge accounting:
(Loss) gain arising during the year
Reclassification adjustment to profit or loss
Amount before income tax effect Income tax effect
Total
Defined retirement benefit plans:
Gain (loss) arising during the year
Reclassification adjustment to profit or loss
Amount before income tax effect Income tax effect
Total
Total other comprehensive income (loss)
25. LEASES Finance Leases
Lessor
¥
6,222 4,573 56,200
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$ 139,066
73,913 46,418
27,450 53,436
(122,581) 217,721
405,031
2,709 135 407,885
$(190,163)
¥ 72,116 ¥(65,730)
$ 651,395
() 2,944
648,450 (193,659)
$ 454,791
  2021
¥ 15,396
8,183 5,139
2020
¥14,388
10,746 5,850
3,264 6,406
(12,754)
27,903
23,401 309
() 326
71,790 (21,440)
() 12,263
(77,994) 23,092
¥19,739
$178,294
             Other income for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, consisted of the following:
Deferred tax assets: Reserve for loan losses Liability for employees’
retirement benefits
Fixed assets (depreciation) Losses on devaluation of
stocks and other securities
¥ 50,350 ¥(54,901) ¥ (53) ¥ 25
$
$ $
$ $
(478)
6,331
5,844 (1,770) 4,064
14,903
14,623
29,536 (8,978)
20,558 479,423
26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RELATED DISCLOSURES
(1) Group Policy for Financial Instruments
The Companies provide financial services such as credit card business and leasing operations in addition to banking operations. In the course of these operations, the Companies raise funds principally through deposit taking and invest funds in loans, securities, and others. As such, the Bank holds financial assets and liabilities which are subject to fluctuation in interest rates and conducts comprehensive Asset and Liability Management (“ALM”) to avoid unfavorable effects from interest rate fluctuations. Derivatives are also employed by the Bank as part of ALM. (2) Nature and Extent of Risks Arising from Financial
Instruments
Financial assets held by the Companies mainly consist of loans to domestic corporations, local government agencies, and individual customers which are exposed to credit risk that the Companies may suffer from losses resulting from nonperformance of borrowers and interest rate risk that the Companies may suffer from losses resulting from fluctuations in interest rates.
Securities, mainly debt securities, equity securities, and investment trusts are held to maturity and for other purposes and also certain debt securities are held for the purpose of selling to customers. These securities are exposed to credit risk of issuers and market risks of fluctuations in interest rates and market prices. In addition, they are exposed to market liquidity risk that the Companies may suffer from losses resulting from difficulties in executing financial transactions in certain environments such as market turmoil.
Financial liabilities, mainly consisting of liquid deposits or time deposits taken from corporate and individual customers, are exposed to cash flow risk that the Bank may experience a situation where unexpected cash flows are incurred in certain environments where the credit rating of the Bank may be lowered and, accordingly, necessary funding may become difficult.
Foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities are exposed to foreign exchange risk that the Bank may suffer from losses resulting from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
Derivatives mainly include interest rate swaps and bond futures, which are used to manage exposure to market risks from changes in interest rates of loans and investment securities, and foreign exchange forward contracts, which are used to hedge foreign exchange risk associated with foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities. Hedge accounting is applied to certain hedging activities related to loans and investment securities as hedged items.
Credit risk management
The Bank has established the “Credit Risk Control Policy” as a basic policy for credit risk management and various
Millions of Yen
2021 2020 ¥ 29 ¥
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
12 $ 261
3,039 Other 5,916
701 871 647 897
(196) (272) 450 ¥ 624
¥1,650 ¥ (2,994)
1,619 1,196
3,270 (1,798) (994) 546
¥ 2,276 ¥ (1,251) ¥ 53,077 ¥(55,528)
     Gains on sales of tangible fixed assets Other
Total
1,133 1,497 10,233 ¥1,163 ¥1,510 $10,504
Less valuation allowance (see Note below)
Total
Deferred tax liabilities:
Unrealized gains on available- for-sale securities
Fixed assets (deferred gain on sales and replacements)
Other Total
Net deferred tax (liabilities) assets
(13,571) 24,104
44,841 300
¥
         21. OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES
Other operating expenses for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, consisted of the following:
15 17 45,157 23,729
¥(21,053) ¥ 4,173
         Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
$118,661
61,006
20,016 $199,683
     Losses on sales, redemption and devaluation of bonds and other securities
Lease costs Other
Total
22. OTHER EXPENSES
2021
¥13,137 6,754
2020
¥ 2,595 6,746
Note:
Valuation allowance for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, increased by ¥817 million ($7,379 thousand). This increase was mainly due to an increase of ¥886 million ($8,002 thousand) in valuation allowance on reserve for loan losses at the Bank and consolidated subsidiaries.
  2,216 4,869 ¥22,107 ¥14,211
A subsidiary leases certain equipment and other assets to various customers.
The net investments in leases as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, are summarized as follows:
    Other expenses for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, consisted of the following:
A reconciliation between the normal effective statutory tax rate and the actual effective tax rate reflected in the accompanying consolidated statement of income for the year ended March 31, 2021, was as follows, whereas a reconciliation for the year ended March 31, 2020, is not required under Japanese accounting standards, since the difference is less than 5% of the normal effective statutory tax rate.
2021 30.5%
33.7%
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $178,294
13,991 (16,764)
$175,530
  2021 Bad debt losses ¥
2020
¥ 60
1,546 452
188
118
701 ¥3,066
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2021
$ 523
7,731 2,249
3,549
1,138 12,401 $27,612
Gross lease receivables Estimated residual values Unearned interest income Investments in leases
2021 ¥19,739
1,549 (1,856)
¥19,433
2020
¥19,744 1,310
(1,901) ¥19,153
   58
856 249
¥3,057
Normal effective statutory tax rate
Expenses not deductible for income tax purposes Nontaxable dividend income
Inhabitants taxes
Valuation allowance
Other—net 0.5
  Losses on dispositions of money held in trust
Losses on sales of loans Losses on impairments and
disposals of fixed assets Provision for reserve for
reimbursement of deposits
Other 1,373
0.2 (1.1) 0.3 3.3
Maturities of lease receivables for finance leases as of March 31, 2021, are as follows:
 393 126
Year Ending March 31
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027 and thereafter
Total
Millions of Yen
¥
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
 Actual effective tax rate
51
44
30
28
22
44
$
460
397
270
252
198
397
  Total
    ¥223
$2,014
  70
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 71
(3) Risk Management for Financial Instruments
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

                                                                                     rules concerning credit risk management. Based on these policies and rules, the Companies clarify fundamental approaches to secure the soundness
of assets and control procedures for identifying, monitoring, and controlling credit risk. Additionally, the Bank utilizes the “Credit Rating System” applied to counterparties granted with credit from the viewpoint of identifying credit risk objectively and enhancing credit risk control.
In addition, as an organization responsible for credit risk management, credit risk control functions and review functions have been established to secure the effectiveness of credit risk management.
The Risk Management Division, as a credit risk control function, is engaged in identifying the level of future possible credit risk and the status of credit concentration in major borrowers through measurement of the level of credit risk and analysis of credit portfolios.
The Credit Supervision Division, as a review control function, is engaged in reviewing lending operations based on strict examination standards, system development for strengthening the daily control of loan receivables, and appropriate maintenance of operational procedures.
Market risk management
a. Market Risk Management System
The Bank has established the “Market Risk Control Policy” as a basic policy for market risk management and various rules concerning market risk management. Based on these policies and rules, the Bank clarifies fundamental approaches for appropriate market risk control operations and control procedures for identifying, monitoring and controlling market risk.
As an organization responsible for market risk management, a market risk control function (middle office) has been established and furthermore, the operating function (front office) and the administration function (back office) have been separated. Additionally, market risk control function staffs are assigned to the operating function to secure the effectiveness of market risk management.
The Risk Management Division, as a market risk control function, measures the level of market risk of the Bank as a whole using Value-at-Risk (“VaR”) approach models and other models and regularly monitors the status of compliance with position limits and loss limits established according to the type and characteristics of transactions to control the level of market risk within a certain range.
In addition, an ALM and Income Control Committee was established for the purpose of analyzing flexible investment strategies in order to prevent risks resulting from fluctuations in interest rates and market prices, while forecasting future interest rates, market prices, and trends of fund and business conditions. The committee is also responsible for securing the soundness of management and also improving profitability at the same time based on appropriate asset and liability management through the unification of risk management and earnings control.
b. Quantitative Information about Market Risk
The Bank adopts the variance-covariance method (holding period: 125 business days for strategic equity securities and 60 business days for others; confidence interval: 99.0%; observation period: 250 business days) in computing the VaR with respect to money held in trust, securities, Japanese yen deposits and loans, and Japanese yen money market funds. The volume of market risk (estimated losses) that the Bank is exposed to as of March 31, 2021, amounts to ¥107,453 million ($970,580 thousand) (¥146,420 million in 2020) as a whole. However, the risk under certain abnormal market
fluctuations may not be captured since, under the VaR method, the volume of market risk under a definite probability of statistically computed incidence is measured based on historical market fluctuations.
The Bank implements back testing to compare the VaR computed by the model with actual profit and loss in the securities and confirms that the measurement model in use captures the market risk with sufficient precision. Liquidity risk management
The Bank has established the “Liquidity Risk Control Policy” as a basic policy for liquidity risk management and various rules concerning liquidity risk management. Based on these policies and rules, the Bank clarifies fundamental approaches for stable funding of operations and control procedures for identifying, monitoring and controlling liquidity risk. In addition, the Bank has established the “Contingency Plan for Liquidity” to enable it to make quick and correct responses to unexpected events.
Furthermore, as an organization responsible for liquidity risk management, a liquidity risk control function has been established and a cash management function and a settlement control function have been established to control daily cash management and settlement related to cash and securities.
The Risk Management Division, as a liquidity risk control function, manages the liquidity risk of the Bank as a whole by identifying, monitoring and controlling liquidity risk.
The Treasury Administration and International Division, as a cash management control function and settlement control function, prepares daily or monthly cash flow projections and conducts cash management by identifying possible funds and liquidity of assets and verifying the concentration of settlement of major account funds to a certain date. The Division also controls settlement by identifying the status of settlement through systems such as the BOJ-NET and among financial institutions.
Risk management system of subsidiaries
The subsidiaries have a risk management system similar to that of the Bank.
(4) Supplementary Explanation about Fair Values of
Financial Instruments
The fair values of financial instruments include, in addition to the value determined based on market prices, valuations calculated on a reasonable basis if no market prices are available. Since certain assumptions are used in calculating the value, the outcome of such calculation may vary if different assumptions are used.
(5) Fair Values of Financial Instruments
The carrying amount, fair value, and unrealized gain/loss of the financial instruments as of March 31, 2021 and 2020, are disclosed below. Note that unlisted equity securities for which fair value is extremely difficult to determine are not included in the following table (see Note 2 below) and insignificant accounts in terms of the carrying amount are omitted:
March 31, 2020
(1) Cash and due from banks (3) Investment securities
Held-to-maturity securities
Available-for-sale securities (4) Loans and bills discounted
Reserve for loan losses*
Total assets
(1) Deposits
(2) Borrowed money
Total liabilities
March 31, 2021
(1) Cash and due from banks $12,391,572
advisors. With respect to privately placed guaranteed bonds, the fair value is determined using the future cash flows (coupons, redemption of principal, guarantee fees) discounted at an interest rate considering the market interest rates and issuers’ credit risk.
Loans and bills discounted
With respect to loans with floating interest rates, the carrying amount is presented as the fair value since the carrying amount approximates the fair value as they reflect the market interest rates over a short period, unless the creditworthiness of the borrower has changed significantly since the loan origination. With respect to loans with fixed interest rates, for each category of loan based on the type of loan, internal ratings, and maturity length, the fair value is determined based on the present value of expected cash flows of aggregated amounts of principal and interest discounted at a rate which is the rate assumed if a new loan was made, or market interest rate, which is adjusted by the standard spread (including overhead ratio) by credit rating. The carrying amount is presented as the fair value if the maturity is within a short time period (less than one year) and the carrying amount approximates the fair value.
For receivables from “legally bankrupt,” “virtually bankrupt,” and “possibly bankrupt” borrowers, loan loss is estimated based on the DCF method or factors such as the expected amounts to be collected from collateral and guarantees. Since the carrying amount approximates the fair value, net of the currently expected loan losses, such carrying amount is presented as the fair value.
For loans for which the repayment due date is not defined because of the characteristics that the loan amount is limited within the pledged assets, the carrying amount is presented as the fair value since the carrying amount approximates the fair value considering the expected repayment schedule and terms of the interest rates.
 ¥ 747,105 2,896,163 1,000 2,895,163 4,886,221
(61,450) 4,824,770 ¥8,468,039
¥7,865,991 285,901 ¥8,151,893
¥ 747,105 2,896,164 1,000 2,895,163
4,860,491 ¥8,503,760
¥7,866,162 285,903 ¥8,152,066
(4)
  ¥35,720 ¥35,721
¥ 171 1 ¥ 173
      Carrying Amount
Unrealized Gain/Loss
$ (9) (9)
211,498 $211,480 $ 1,336
(72) $ 1,264
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
 Fair Value
$12,391,572 983,660 27,994,164 9,140 27,985,014
(539,309)
45,423,737 45,635,236
Total assets
(1) Deposits
(2) Borrowed money 5,461,828 5,461,746
Total liabilities $82,487,218 $82,488,483 *General and specific reserves for loan loss
 (2) Money held in trust (3) Investment securities
Held-to-maturity securities
Available-for-sale securities (4) Loans and bills discounted
Reserve for loan losses*
983,660 27,994,173 9,159 27,985,014 45,963,056
   $86,793,162 $87,004,651
  $77,025,390 $77,026,727
  corresponding to loans and bills discounted are deducted.
Notes:
1. Calculation method for the fair value of financial instruments Assets
(1) Cash and due from banks
Liabilities (1) Deposits
 For due from banks, the carrying amount is presented as the fair value since the carrying amount approximates the fair value.
Regarding demand deposits, the amount payable as of the balance sheet date (i.e., the carrying amount) is considered to be the fair value. Time deposits and negotiable certificates of deposit are grouped by maturity length, and the fair value is determined using the present value of the aggregate amounts of principal and interest discounted at an interest rate that would be applied to newly accepted deposits. For deposits with maturities within a short time period (less than one year) and whose carrying amount approximates the fair value, the carrying amount is presented as the fair value.
  March 31, 2021
(1) Cash and due from banks (2) Money held in trust (3) Investment securities
Held-to-maturity securities
Available-for-sale securities (4) Loans and bills discounted
Reserve for loan losses*
Total assets
(1) Deposits
(2) Borrowed money
Total liabilities
Carrying Amount ¥1,371,871
108,901 3,099,235 1,014 3,098,221 5,088,570
Unrealized Gain/Loss
See Note 5, “Money Held in Trust” for information on money held in trust by holding purpose.
Millions of Yen
Fair Value
¥1,371,871 108,901 3,099,234 1,012 3,098,221
(59,707)
5,028,862 5,052,277
(2) Money held in trust
For securities that are part of trust property in an independently managed monetary trust with the primary purpose to manage securities, the fair values of equity securities and debt securities are determined using the quoted price of the stock exchange, Japan Securities Dealers Association, or the price calculated by financial institutions. The fair value of investment trust is determined using the published standard quotation or the standard quotation offered by the securities investment advisors.
(2) Borrowed money
For each type of borrowed money financed, the fair value is determined based on the present value of the aggregated amounts of principal and interest discounted at a rate which is the rate assumed if a new financing was made. The carrying amount is presented as the fair value if the maturity is within a short time period (less than one year) and the carrying amount approximates the fair value.
   ¥9,608,871 ¥8,527,481 604,679 ¥9,132,160
¥9,632,285 ¥8,527,629 604,670 ¥9,132,300
23,415 ¥23,413 ¥ 148
(8) ¥ 140
¥
(1) (1)
(3) Investment securities
The fair values of equity securities and debt securities are determined using the quoted price of the stock exchange, Japan Securities Dealers Association, or the price calculated by financial institutions. The fair value of investment trust is determined using the published standard quotation or the standard quotation offered by the securities investment
    72
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 73
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

                                                                                     2. The financial instruments whose fair value is extremely difficult to determine are as follows. These items are not included in (3) “Available- for-sale securities” under “Assets” in the above table of fair value information of financial instruments.
*1 Unlisted equity securities are not treated as instruments whose fair value is required to be disclosed since there is no market price and it is extremely difficult to determine the fair value.
*2 Impairment losses in the amount of ¥1 million ($9 thousand) and ¥57 million were recognized for unlisted equity securities for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
*3 Capital subscription in investment business partnerships, whose assets (i.e., unlisted equity securities) consist of those whose fair values are extremely difficult to determine, is not treated as instruments whose fair value is required to be disclosed.
4. Repayment schedule of bonds, borrowed money, and other interest-bearing liabilities subsequent to March 31, 2021
Millions of Yen
      Due in 1 Year or Less
Due after 1 Year through 3 Years
Due after 3 Years through 5 Years
¥47,983 1,273 ¥49,257
Due after 5 Years through 7 Years
¥123 ¥123
Due after 7 Years through 10 Years
¥172 ¥172
Due after 7 Years through 10 Years
$1,553 $1,553
Due after 10 Years
¥416 ¥416
Due after 10 Years
$3,757 $3,757
      Carrying Amount
446,865 ¥8,591,679
Due in 1 Year or Less
155,827 ¥490,511
Due after 1 Year through 3 Years
Deposits* Borrowed money
Total
Deposits* Borrowed money
Total
¥8,144,814 ¥334,683
        Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $15,942
50,049 $65,992
       Category
Unlisted equity securities*1,*2
Capital subscription in investment business partnerships*3
Total
2021 ¥1,765
5,541 ¥7,306
2020
¥1,868
5,600 ¥7,469
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
             $73,568,909 $3,023,060 4,036,356 1,407,524 $77,605,266 $4,430,593
Due after 3 Years through 5 Years
$433,411 11,498 $444,919
Due after 5 Years through 7 Years
$1,111 $1,111
               3. Maturity analysis for financial assets and securities with contractual maturities as of March 31, 2021
* Demand deposits included in deposits are presented under “Due in 1 year or less.”
      Due in 1 Year or Due after 1 Year Less through 3 Years
¥1,315,243
331,265 ¥ 634,312
Millions of Yen
Due after 3 Years Due after 5 Years through 5 Years through 7 Years
Due after 7 Years through 10 Years
Due after 10 Years
¥ 52,800
52,800 51,500 300 1,000
1,251,888 ¥1,304,688
Due after 10 Years
$ 476,921
476,921 465,179 2,709 9,032
11,307,813 $11,784,734
27. DERIVATIVES
It is the Bank’s policy to use derivatives primarily for the purpose of reducing market risks associated with its assets and liabilities. The Bank also utilizes derivatives to meet the needs of its clients while entering into derivatives as a part of its trading activities.
The Bank enters into interest rate swaps and interest rate swaptions as a means of hedging its interest rate risk on certain loans and investment securities while entering into interest rate swaps and interest rate swaptions to meet the needs of its clients.
The Bank also enters into currency swaps, foreign exchange forward contracts, and currency options to hedge foreign exchange risk associated with its assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and to meet the needs of its clients.
Derivatives are subject to market risk and credit risk. Market risk is the exposure created by potential fluctuations of market conditions, including interest or foreign exchange rates. Credit risk is the possibility that a loss may result from a counterparty’s failure to perform its obligations under a contract.
The Bank sets limits on credit risk for those derivatives by limiting the counterparties to major financial institutions and securities companies and establishing maximum risk exposures to the counterparties.
The Bank has established a standard of risk management including management approaches for each type of risk. Derivative transactions entered into by the Bank have been made in accordance with internal policies which regulate trading activities and credit risk management including maximum risk exposures and loss- cutting rules. Concerning risk management associated with derivative transactions, the front and back offices of the trading divisions are clearly separated and risk managers are assigned to the trading divisions, while the Risk Management Division synthetically manages the Bank’s market risks. In this manner, an internal control system is effectively secured.
The Bank’s positions, gain and loss, risk amount, and other conditions are periodically reported to the executive committee.
        Due from banks Investment securities
Held-to-maturity securities National government bonds Local government bonds
Available-for-sale securities with contractual maturities National government bonds Local government bonds Corporate bonds
¥
706,128 ¥316,223 500
500
706,128 315,723 12,000
224,100 159,700 249,889 111,523 220,139 44,500 768,329 504,267
¥
732,740 9,000 425,648 178,100 119,991 528,587 ¥1,261,828
Due after 7 Years through 10 Years
$ 6,623,069 4,516
4,516
6,618,552 81,293 3,844,711 1,608,707 1,083,831 4,774,519 $11,397,597
733,240 500
500
 331,265 634,312 103,700 96,000 10,000 81,500 159,216 318,160 Other 58,349 138,652 Loans and bills discounted* 1,095,656 823,645 Total ¥2,742,165 ¥1,457,958
¥1,474,458 ¥820,491
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
                         Due from banks Investment securities
Held-to-maturity securities National government bonds Local government bonds
Due in 1 Year or Due after 1 Year Less through 3 Years
$11,880,074
2,992,186 $ 5,729,491
Due after 3 Years through 5 Years
$ 6,378,177
6,378,177 108,391 2,024,207 2,257,149 1,988,429 6,940,014 $13,318,200
Due after 5 Years through 7 Years
$2,856,318 4,516
4,516 2,851,802
1,442,507 1,007,343 401,951 4,554,845 $7,411,173
 Available-for-sale securities
with contractual maturities 2,992,186 5,729,491 National government bonds 936,681 867,130 Local government bonds 90,326 736,157 Corporate bonds 1,438,135 2,873,814 Other 527,043 1,252,389
Loans and bills discounted* 9,896,630 7,439,662 Total $24,768,900 $13,169,162
            74
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 75
* Of loans and bills discounted, the portion whose timing of collection is unforeseeable, such as loans to “legally bankrupt” borrowers, loans to “virtually bankrupt” borrowers, and loans to “possibly bankrupt” borrowers, amounting to ¥77,480 million ($699,846 thousand) is not included in the above table. Loans that do not have a contractual maturity, amounting to ¥38,713 million ($349,679 thousand), are not included either.
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

                                                                                     The Bank has the following derivatives contracts outstanding as of March 31, 2021 and 2020:
Derivative Transactions to Which Hedge Accounting Is Not Applied
With respect to derivatives to which hedge accounting is not applied, contract or notional amount, fair value, and unrealized gains/losses, and the calculation method of fair value are as shown below. Note that the contract or notional amounts of the derivatives which are shown in the table do not represent the amounts of the Bank’s exposure to credit or market risk.
At March 31, 2020
Hedge Accounting Method Normal method
Special matching criteria
Total
At March 31, 2021
Hedge Accounting Method Normal method
Special matching criteria
Total
Millions of Yen Contract or Notional Amount
     Interest rate-related over-the-counter (“OTC”) transactions: Interest rate swaps:
Fixedratereceipt/ floating rate payment
Floating rate receipt/ fixed rate payment Currency-related OTC
transactions: Currency swaps Foreign exchange
forward contracts: Selling
Buying
Currency option: Selling
Buying
¥ 343 (254)
$
1,812,446 367,771 416,647 367,771
267,645 206,846 267,645 206,846
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
Contract or Notional Amount
Due after One
Total Year Fair Value
Contract or Notional Amount
Amount
Contract or Notional Amount
54,965 48,135 (636)
Total
¥ 10,624 10,748
36,184
200,656 46,127
29,631 29,631
Due after One Year
¥10,624 10,748
2,214
40,716 40,716
22,900 22,900
Fair Value
Total
Due after One Year
Total
Due after One Year
Fair Value
Loans 416 416 (1) ¥(1,979)
2021
2020 Contract or Notional
Unrealized Gains/ Losses
¥ 343 (254)
Unrealized Fair Gains/ Value Losses
Unrealized Gains/ Losses
3,098 $
(2,294) (2,294)
(1,707) (1,707)
(55,035) (55,035) (7,424) (7,424)
(1,517) 3,107 1,517 (234)
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars 2021
Type of Derivatives
Interest rate swaps— Floating rate receipt/ fixed rate payment
Interest rate swaps— Floating rate receipt/ fixed rate payment
Other– Buying
Type of Derivatives
Major Hedged Item
Loans and investment securities
Loans
Total
¥224,744
Due after One Year
¥94,777
Fair Value
¥(1,341)
       ¥ 10,431
10,638 10,636 (284) (284)
46,908 10,295 104 104
95,962 $ 95,962 97,082 97,082
326,835 19,998
$
3,098
¥10,431
¥ 375 ¥ 375
Major Hedged Item
Interest rate swaps—
Floating rate receipt/
fixed rate payment securities $834,260 364,230 (5,627)
Loans and investment
  (189)
(6,093) (6,093)
(822)
(168) 168
(822)
344 (26)
101,751 2,170
19,738 15,147 19,738 15,147
14 14 (16) (16)
(271) 365 271 (148)
Loans 405,311 283,714 (2,800)
(189)
Interest rate swaps— Floating rate receipt/ fixed rate payment
Other– Buying
Loans 2,258 2,258
$(8,427)
     Notes:
1. The above transactions are stated at fair value and unrealized gains (losses) for the years ended March 31, 2021 and
2020, are recognized in the consolidated statement of income.
2. The fair value of interest rate-related OTC transactions is determined using the discounted present value or option-
pricing models, and the fair value of currency-related OTC transactions is determined using the discounted present value.
Derivative Transactions to Which Hedge Accounting Is Applied
With respect to derivatives to which hedge accounting is applied, contract or notional amount, fair value, and the calculation method of fair value are as shown below. Note that the contract or notional amounts of the derivatives which are shown in the table do not represent the amounts of the Bank’s exposure to market risk.
Notes:
1. These are principally accounted for under the deferral hedge method in accordance with the JICPA Industry Committee
Practical Guideline No. 24, “Treatment of Accounting and Auditing of Application of Accounting Standard for Financial
Instruments in the Banking Industry.”
2. Fair value is determined using the discounted present value, option-pricing models, etc.
28. RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Related-party transactions for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, were as follows:
  At March 31, 2021
Hedge Accounting Method Normal method
Special matching criteria
Total
Millions of Yen Contract or Notional Amount
Transactions for the Year*3 Thousands
Balance at End of Year Thousands
a. Transactions between the Bank and Its Related Parties
    Due after One Year
¥40,324
31,410 250
Millions of Yen
of U.S. Dollars
Millions of Yen
of U.S. Dollars
2021 $33,059
11,742
3,287 1,960
10,748
   Type of Derivatives
Interest rate swaps— Floating rate receipt/ fixed rate payment
Interest rate swaps— Floating rate receipt/ fixed rate payment
Other– Buying
Major Hedged Item
Loans and investment securities
Loans Loans
Total
¥92,361
44,872 250
Fair Value
¥(623) (310) ¥(933)
Account Classification*2
2021
2021 2020 1,905 1,300
3,152 364 437 1,842 217 143
9,655 1,190 1,000 538
Related Party
Department Store Fujisaki Co., Ltd.*1
Fuji Styling Co., Ltd.*1
Fujisaki Agency Co., Ltd.*1
Mr. Minokichi Akaizawa*4
Loans and bills discounted ¥4,728
2020 ¥4,731
437 151
2021
$42,706 ¥3,660 ¥4,827
     Investment securities (corporate bonds)
Customers’ liabilities for acceptances and guarantees
Loans and bills discounted
Customers’ liabilities for acceptances and guarantees
Loans and bills discounted
211
349 204
       1,069 1,000 538
       76
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 77
Notes:*1 Company whose voting rights are majority owned by a director or his close relatives (including subsidiaries of 2 such company)
*3 Terms are substantially the same as for similar transactions with third parties.
*4 Amounts of transactions were reported at the average balance for the period.
* Mr. Minokichi Akaizawa, a close relative of a director, passed away on November 14, 2018. Since the
inheritance procedures are underway, the transaction in the above table is shown in the name of the deceased.
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

                                                                                      b. Transactions between Consolidated Subsidiaries and Their Related Parties
Transactions for the Year Thousands
Balance at End of Year Thousands
30. NET INCOME PER SHARE
Basic net income per share (“EPS”) for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, is as follows:
        Related Party
Department Store Fujisaki Co., Ltd.*1 Fees and commissions
Lease receivables and investments in leases
Year Ended March 31, 2021
Basic EPS—Net income attributable to common stockholders
Year Ended March 31, 2020
Basic EPS—Net income attributable to common stockholders
Account Classification*2
Millions of Yen 2021 2020
¥29 ¥30 4 2
of U.S. Dollars
2021 $261
36
Millions of Yen 2021 2020
¥13 ¥15
of U.S. Dollars
2021 $117
Millions of Yen
Net Income Attributable to Owners of the Parent
¥16,468
¥18,261
Thousands of Shares
Weighted-Average Shares
73,885
73,941
Yen U.S. Dollars EPS
¥222.89 $2.01
¥246.97
            Notes:*1 Company whose voting rights are majority owned by a director or his close relatives (including subsidiaries of 2 such company)
* Terms are substantially the same as for similar transactions with third parties.
29. SEGMENT INFORMATION
Description of Reportable Segments
The Companies are principally engaged in the banking business and also leasing business and other financial services. The reportable segments of the Bank are the segments for which separate financial information is available, and are subject to periodic review by the chief operating decision maker to determine the allocation of management resources and assess performance.
Since the reportable segments of the Companies consist only of the “Banking” segment and since the “Other” segment is immaterial, segment information is omitted.
The Bank’s shares held by the directors’ compensation BIP trust that are recorded as treasury stock under “Equity” are included in the treasury stock to be deducted when computing the average number of shares during the fiscal year for the calculation of basic net income per share.
The average number of shares of the treasury stock deducted in computing basic EPS was 378 thousand shares and 412 thousand shares, for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Diluted EPS for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, is not shown because there were no potential shares.
31. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
Cash Dividends
At the Bank’s general meeting of stockholders held on June 29, 2021, the Bank’s stockholders approved the following appropriations of retained earnings:
     Related Information for the Years Ended March 31, 2021 and 2020
Information by Service Line
External customers
External customers
Millions of Yen
2021
Lease
¥9,085
Millions of Yen 2020
Lease ¥8,706
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
Year-end cash dividends, ¥25.00 ($0.225) per share
Millions of Yen
¥1,856
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
$16,764
             Securities Investment
¥45,225
Securities Investment
¥43,501
Information about geographical areas is omitted because the Companies conduct banking and other related activities only in Japan and do not have foreign subsidiaries or foreign branches.
Information about Major Customers
Information about major customers is not presented because there are no customers who account for over 10% of ordinary income.
Information about Asset Impairment Losses
Information about asset impairment losses for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, is omitted because the only reportable segment is “Banking” and “Other” is immaterial.
  Loan
¥41,609
Loan ¥41,944
Other
¥24,055
Other ¥22,773
Total
¥119,976
Total ¥116,926
Note: Above total amount of cash dividends includes dividends for the Bank’s shares held by BIP trust in an amount of ¥9 million ($81 thousand).
Disposal of Treasury Stock through a Third-Party Allotment
The Bank resolved at its Board of Directors’ meeting held on July 30, 2021, to dispose of its treasury stock through a third-party allotment (the “disposal of treasury stock”), as follows:
a. Overview of the disposal of treasury stock
                                             Securities Investment
(1) Disposal date
(2) Type and number of shares to be disposed of
(3) Disposal amount
(4) Total disposal amount (5) Planned subscriber
(6) Other
August 25, 2021
446,900 shares of common stock
¥1,149 ($10.37) per share ¥513,488,100 ($4,638 thousand)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (BIP trust account: 76097 account) The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (BIP trust account: 76137 account)
The disposal of treasury stock is subject to the effectuation of the notification pursuant to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act.
Other
External customers $375,837 $408,499 $82,061 $217,279 $1,083,696
Information about Geographical Area
Loan
Lease
Total
             78
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 79
b. Purpose and reason of disposal
The Bank has resolved at its Board of Directors’ meeting held on May 14, 2021, to continue and make additional contributions to the performance-linked stock compensation system (the “System”), which was introduced for the Bank’s executive directors and executive officers (“directors, etc.”) for the purpose of enhancing motivation to make contributions to improving the medium- to long-term performance and corporate value by further clarifying the linkage between compensation to directors, etc. and stock value of the Bank.
In line with the continuation of the System, the disposal of treasury stock will be conducted by way of allotment to The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd., which is a co-trustee of the two BIP trust agreements concluded between the Bank and Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation.
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

                                                                                   ― Independent
   Auditors’ Report ―
       80
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 81
 Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

                                                                                               82 THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 83
 Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

                                                                                       ― Capital Adequacy Ratios ―
THE 77 BANK, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES March 31, 2021
Consolidated (Domestic standard)
Capital adequacy ratio (Domestic standard) = (A)/(B) x 100 (%) Capital: (A)
Risk-adjusted assets: (B)
Non-Consolidated (Domestic standard)
Capital adequacy ratio (Domestic standard) = (A)/(B) x 100 (%) Capital: (A)
Risk-adjusted assets: (B)
Millions of Yen
2021
10.39
2020 10.31
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
3,965,206 38,162,063
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021
3,840,800 37,853,978
           438,988 422,268
4,224,922 4,095,358
Millions of Yen 2021 2020
10.14 10.14
425,215 412,272
4,190,814 4,062,387
                          84
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 85
 Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

                                                                                     ― Non-Consolidated Balance Sheet (Parent Company) ― THE 77 BANK, LTD.
March 31, 2021
― Non-Consolidated Statement of Income (Parent Company) ― THE 77 BANK, LTD.
Year Ended March 31, 2021
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars
2021 $12,391,030
36,130 186,315 983,660
28,145,632 46,043,537 52,976
Thousands of Millions of Yen U.S. Dollars
2021 2020 2021
       Assets:
Cash and due from banks Call loans and bills bought Debt purchased
Trading account securities Money held in trust Investment securities Loans and bills discounted Foreign exchange assets Tangible fixed assets:
2021 ¥1,371,811
4,000 20,627 108,901 3,116,003 5,097,480 5,865
2020
¥ 747,051 429 4,000 18,873 82,344 2,913,386 4,894,634 9,528
8,187 19,315 73 282 4,053 259 45,258 62,405
Income:
Interest income:
Interest on loans and discounts
Interest on dividends on trading account and
investment securities
Other 406
Fees and commissions 17,251 Other operating income 1,194 Other income     16,856
Total income 107,113 Expenses:
Interest expense:
Interest on deposits 325 Interest on call money 67 Other 916
$375,476
269,478 3,667 155,821 10,784 152,253
967,509
2,935 605 8,273 67,121 123,828 470,933 91,581
765,305 202,194
44,178 23,114
67,301 $134,892
        ¥ 41,569
¥ 41,881
28,732 242 16,968 113 16,935
104,873
764
277 1,284 7,279 6,181 55,016 9,532
80,335 24,538
7,408 (188)
7,220 ¥ 17,317
29,834
   Buildings 7,862 Land 19,313
71,014 174,446 415 2,339 49,444 2,330 395,041 660,662
     Lease assets
Construction in progress Other tangible fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets
Customers’ liabilities for acceptances and guarantees Other assets
Reserve for possible loan losses
Total Liabilities:
Deposits
Call money
Payables under securities lending transaction Borrowed money
Foreign exchange liabilities
Liability for retirement benefits
Reserve for stock compensation
Reserve for reimbursement of deposits Reserve for contingent losses
Deferred tax liabilities
Acceptances and guarantees
Other liabilities
Total liabilities Equity:
Common stock Capital surplus Retained earnings Treasury stock
Total stockholders’ equity
Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities Deferred losses on derivatives under hedge accounting
Total valuation adjustments
Total equity
46 259 5,474 258 43,735 73,142
Fees and commissions
Other operating expenses
General and administrative expenses Other expenses
Total expenses Income before income taxes
Income taxes:
Current Deferred
Total income taxes Net income
7,431 13,709 52,137 10,139
84,727 22,385
4,891 2,559
7,451 14,934
 (56,855)
¥9,817,924 ¥8,751,857
(513,548) $88,681,456
(58,226)
                ¥8,551,689
25,869 597,205 155 9,389 817 311 804 24,330 43,735 61,818
9,316,127
¥7,888,480 8,706 11,986 280,257 116 14,565 735 337 860 229 45,258 60,434
8,311,967
$77,244,052
233,664 5,394,318 1,400 84,807 7,379 2,809 7,262 219,763 395,041 558,377
84,148,920
¥
                          24,658 8,937 368,623
24,658 8,937 357,402
222,726 80,724 3,329,626
(6,132) 396,087 106,085
(6,200) 384,798 55,917
(55,387) 3,577,698 958,224
                Total
(375) 105,709 501,797 ¥9,817,924
(826) 55,091 439,889 ¥8,751,857
(3,387) 954,827 4,532,535 $88,681,456
    86
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT 87
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

                                   ― Loan Portfolio ― Loan Portfolio by Industry
Millions of U.S. Dollars
4,007 61 37 27 1,503 1,946 187 1,115 3,687 3,327 9,988 3,285 5,922 10,945
—
¥5,097 $46,043
Billions of Yen
2021 Domestic offices (Excluding Japan offshore banking accounts) ¥5,088 Manufacturing 443 Agriculture and forestry 6 Fisheries 4 Mining and quarrying of stone and gravel 3 Construction 166 215 20 123 408 368 1,105 363 655 1,211
2021 $46,043
     Electricity, gas, heat supply and water Information and communications Transport and postal activities Wholesale and retail trade
Finance and insurance
Real estate and goods rental and leasing Services, N.E.C.
Government, except elsewhere classified Other
Japan’s offshore banking accounts Financial institutions
Total
—
      Loan Portfolio by Industry
Agriculture and forestry
Fisheries
Mining and quarrying of stone and gravel Construction
Electricity, gas, heat supply and water Information and communications Transport and postal activities
Wholesale and retail trade
Finance and insurance
Real estate and goods rental and leasing Services, N.E.C.
Government, except elsewhere classified Other
Japan’s offshore banking accounts Financial institutions
Total
Loans by Collateral
Reserve for Loan Losses
General reserve for loan losses
Specific reserve for estimated loan losses on certain doubtful loans
Total
Billions of Yen 2020 ¥4,894
445 6 5 3 146 203 21 121 398 360 1,041 340 623 1,176
— ¥4,894
Billions of Yen
 Domestic offices (Excluding Japan offshore banking accounts) Manufacturing
        2021
¥ 5
17 844 Subtotal 867 Guaranteed 1,368 Unsecured 2,861 Total ¥5,097
2020 ¥5
19 826 851 1,283 2,759 ¥4,894
Millions of U.S. Dollars
2021
$ 46
158 7,629 7,834 12,364 25,844 $46,043
Millions of U.S. Dollars
2021 $274
239 $513
Securities Commercial claims Real estate
            Billions of Yen 2021 2020
¥30 ¥28 26 29 ¥56 ¥58
           88
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section

 The 77 Bank, Ltd
Published August 2021
The 77 Bank, Ltd.
General Planning & Coordination Division
Planning Section
3-20, Chuo 3-chome, Aobaku, Sendai, Miyagi 980-8777, Japan Phone: +81-22-267-1111
 https://www.77bank.co.jp/english/top.htm
