| 2 | Responding to Global Warming and Climate Change
Taking into consideration the fact that climate change has become an issue shared by the whole global community, including unusual global weather phenomena and increasing damage from natural disasters, the Bank announced its support for the recommendations of the TCFD* in July 2021. In order to contribute to the protection of Earth from destruction and contribute to urban development that is more in harmony with nature, the Bank will actively implement initiatives that target issues such as climate change.
Our responses to four items proposed in the TCFD recommendations are described below.
*TCFD(Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures)
A taskforce established in December 2015 by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) and led by private-sector companies with the aim of promoting the disclosure of climate-related financial information by companies
Response to TCFD recommendations
In future, we will consider measures such as the establishment of a committee to actively deliberate a response to issues related to climate change, etc.
Based on the understanding that responding to sustainability issues, including climate change, is a key management issue, we have positioned the “77 Bank Group SDG Declaration” as values shared across the Group within our new management plan “Vision 2030.” In addition to the “77 Bank Group SDG Declaration,” which focuses on “responding to global warming and climate change” as a priority issue, we will also actively support businesses, etc. that contribute to solving environmental and social issues, determine “Lending Policies for Specific Businesses” based around not financing businesses that pose a risk of negative impact to the environment and society, and actively engage in initiatives related to financing for renewable energy, etc.
■Opportunities
We understand that there are business opportunities in businesses and innovation that contribute to easing or adapting to climate change, such as renewable energy, and that are necessary for the transition to the “decarbonized society” targeted by the Paris Agreement and the SDGs. Based on this understanding, we are supporting the transition to a low-carbon society from a financial perspective through project financing related to relevant projects, arranging financing, and other means. ●Renewable energy-related funding: 354 cases / ¥162.7 billion (as of March 31, 2021)
■Risks and scenario analyses
We are aware of both physical and transitional risks related to climate change, and will consider such matters as methods of scenario analysis related to climate change in future.
●In terms of physical risks, we envision credit risk caused by climate change affecting the business activities and
changing the businesses circumstances of the Bank’s clients, etc., as well as operational risks associated with
damage to bank branches, etc.
●In terms of transitional risks, we envision risks such as increased credit risk related to clients receiving financing that
are affected by the transition to a low-carbon society, such as those that must respond to stronger climate-related regulation, etc.
We are aware that physical and transitional risk associated with climate change may have a major financial impact on the 77 Bank Group in future. As such, in future, we will take steps to build risk management systems related to climate change, within the context of an integrated risk management framework.
Based on the “Environmental Policy” that we established in 2012, we are promoting activities aimed at conserving the environment, and we have set a target in our new management plant, “Vision 2030,” of reducing CO2 emissions across the 77 Bank Group by 46% by FY2031 compared with FY2014. Furthermore, in FY2020, we succeeded in reducing CO2 emissions by 26.6% compared with FY2014.
Lending policies for specific businesses
In order to contribute to achieving a sustainable society, the Bank will actively support businesses, etc. that work to solve environmental and social issues, and has also set forth the following Lending Policy related to businesses that pose a risk of negative impact to the environment and society.
1. Environmental protection
We will not support projects that may have a significant negative impact on the environment, such as illegal deforestation or the development of palm oil plantations that damage biodiversity.
2. Transition to a low-carbon society
As a general rule, we will not finance the construction of new coal-fired power plants. In the case of replacement projects, we will consider lending only to projects that employ eco-friendly high-efficiency power generation technologies (ultra-supercritical pressure technology or technologies providing equivalent power generation performance), with final decisions to be made carefully based on comprehensive analysis of the project’s impact on the environment, etc.
1. Prevention of human rights violations
We will not finance business operators involved in human trafficking, child labor, or forced labor, regardless of the purpose for the loan.
2. Elimination of inhumane weapons
We will not finance business operators involved in the development and manufacturing of inhumane weapons, such as cluster munitions, regardless of the purpose for the loan.
Environmental Policy
In 2012, the Bank established an “Environmental Policy,” and we are promoting activities aimed at conserving the environment, in order to create a sustainable society.
                    Basic Principle
The 77 Bank believes that it has a social responsibility to protect the beautiful and abundant natural environment and to pass it down to the next generation in an improved state as a good corporate citizen. Based on the mindset to “Elevate the Spirit of Voluntary Service,” which is the first item in the Bank Creed, our basic principle of management, the Bank aims to be a company that coexists with regional society, and for this reason the Bank is actively and continuously engaged in environmental conservation activities aimed at creation of a sustainable society.
Action Guidelines
1. We will comply with laws and regulations, agreements, and other matters related to the environment to which the Bank has agreed.
2. We will promote energy conservation, resource conservation and recycling activities, and work to reduce our environmental burden.
3. We will support customers involved in environmental conservation through the provision of environmentally-friendly financial products and services. 4. We will conduct awareness raising activities to deepen the awareness of each and every officer and employee regarding the environment and
promote environmental conservation activities in regional society.
 20
THE 77 BANK INTEGRATED REPORT |21
Item
Governance
Lending to solar sharing project
In January 2021, the 77 Bank Group provided financing to a large-scale agricultural power business (solar sharing) operated by Nihommatsu Agricultural Solar Co., Ltd. in Nihommatsu City, Fukushima, which will generate solar power while also operating an agricultural business.
This solar sharing business is a large-scale power generation business that will utilize approximately 68,000 m2 of farmland in Nihommatsu City, Fukushima. Sunlight is shared between agricultural production and power generation, and the business has attracted attention as a model for the next-generation utilization of farmland.
The Bank will continue to contribute to achieving the SDGs by supporting the introduction of power generated from renewable energy and other means.
CO2 emissions from the Bank’s facilities 16,795
(t-CO2)
12,327
Details of response
 Strategy
Risk management
Indicators and targets
  Concept image of completed facility (actual facility will be approximately 40 times larger)
FY2015
15,903
Lending policies for specific businesses
 FY2014
FY2016
15,341
FY2017
13,823
FY2018
13,289
FY2019
12,476
FY2020
Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial