Mission Vision Value Strategy
Company Financial Information Section
Environmental issues Societal issues
        Certified Platinum Kurumin, a special certification pursuant to the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children
Certified “Gold Certified Company” for successfully utilizing the potential of female talent in Miyagi Prefecture
Certified “Eruboshi (Grade 3),” commending general business proprietors for promoting female participation, pursuant to the Act on Promotion of Women's Participation and Advancement in the Workplace
Chosen as a constituent of MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index, which recognizes companies with outstanding efforts in promoting the participation and advancement of women in the workplace*
(as of June 2021)
Selected as company to receive “Commendation for a Model Business Committed to Creating Attractive Workplace” from Miyagi Prefecture and Miyagi Labour BureauPromote health and productivity management ~A healthy body is capital~
1. Formulation of the Health and Productivity Management Declaration
2. Strengthening health management measures
3. Improving the work environment
4. Raising employee awareness of health management
Certified as “Health and productivity Management Organization 2021 (White 500)”
The Bank is implementing initiatives aimed at conserving and promoting the health of employees, such as making all Bank sites completely non-smoking. On March 4, 2021, the Bank was certified as a “Health and Productivity Management Organization 2021 (White 500)” for the second consecutive year, under the “Health and Productivity Management Organization Certification System” implemented by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Nippon Kenko Kaigi.Establish an environment where diverse human resources can demonstrate their full potential
~Rewarding working environments~
1. Strengthening initiatives to promote the active participation of women
2. Utilizing seniors, part-timers, etc.
Formulation of action plan
From the perspective of creating a working environment that enables women to heighten their awareness of advancing in their career and tackle their work with a positive attitude, while also maximizing the abilities of each individual and enabling them to play an active role at work, the Bank formulated the “Action Plan for General Businesses (Third),” based on the “Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace.”
●Period of plan: April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2026 (five years) ●Target: (1) Increase the percentage of women in management
positions to 18% or more
(2) Reduce the average number of hours worked on days off to less than 10 hours per person per month
(3) Maintain an annual rate of taking paid time off of 70% or more
3. Revision of personnel evaluation systems 4. Introduction of Business Casual Day
Proportion of female managers
(%)
20
10
0
18.0
Mar-26 (target)
   8.5
Mar-11
13.4
Mar-21
  Develop promising human capital ~People make companies~
1. Fostering an organizational culture of self-education
2. Enhancement of consulting capabilities through human resources development programs, etc.
3. Initiatives aimed at career development support
4. Initiatives aimed at improving abundant personal capabilities
Training of specialist personnel through external secondments
The 77 Bank Group utilizes the qualities of each individual to develop “human resources that serve a purpose for customers and local communities” and “human resources that contribute to corporate reform,” which will serve as an asset for the Bank into the future.
 Main organizations accepting secondments
 Digital technology
International business and markets
Solutions business field
Regional revitalization field
Japan Digital Design, Inc., MEJAR Digital Innovation Hub
Japan External Trade Organization (UK), Bangkok Bank (Thailand), Miyagi Prefecture’s Dalian Office (China), etc.
Mizuho Bank, MUFG Bank, Development Bank of Japan, etc.
Regional public bodies (Miyagi Prefecture and Sendai City) , (General Incorporated Association)Tohoku Tourism Promotion Organization
As of May 31, 2021
2 persons
9 persons 11 persons 3 persons 25 persons
    Realize work-life balance ~From work-work to work-life~
1. Strengthen efforts aimed at reducing total working hours
2. Supporting employees to balance work and childcare/nursing, etc.
“Diversity Promotion Course” day-off seminar
We held a “Work Work Sukoyaka (Healthy) Club” seminar online for employees taking time off for childcare, etc., and a total of 32 employees took part, including people participating as married couples. On the day, Sayuri Takeshita, Representative Director of Fathering Japan TOHOKU, an NPO, spoke about balancing childcare, housework, and work with a view to making a smooth return to the workplace.
    | 3 | Encouraging and Supporting the Activities of Our Employees
The Bank is committed to creating a highly productive organization where each and every officer and employee can participate in a diverse range of activities in a healthy state of mind and body, and with a sense of “job accomplishment” and “fulfillment” toward their work.
External evaluation of our efforts
Certified as “Health and productivity Management Organization 2021 (White 500)”
Won top award in Miyagi Prefecture FY2021 awards for “Companies Supporting Active Participation by Men and Women and Cheerful Child-raising”
*Notes on MSCI indexes and logos, etc. THE INCLUSION OF The 77 Bank, Ltd., IN ANY MSCI INDEX, AND THE USE OF MSCI LOGOS, TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS OR INDEX NAMES HEREIN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE A SPONSORSHIP, ENDORSEMENT OR PROMOTION OF The 77 Bank, Ltd., BY MSCI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES.
THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES AND LOGOS ARE TRADEMARKS OR SERVICE MARKS OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES.
  