Toward the Next Stage
 Contact: Investor Relations & Public Relations Office
20 Kandamatsunagacho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 101-8629, Japan Tel: +81-3-5657-0106
Fax: +81-3-3254-7133
Email: webmaster@taxan.co.jp
Kaga Electronics Group Integrated Report
2019
 
  Toward the Next Stage
 e
embarking on a challenge to realize the next stage of growth
The Kaga Electronics Group has become a top-class electronics trading company
in Japan in terms of business scale through the acquisition of Fujitsu Electronics Inc. in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, when we celebrated our 50th anniversary. The Group will use this as a springboard into the next 50 years as we start a new challenge to realize the goal of becoming an industry leader in Japan and to become a company capable of trillion-yen sales that can outstrip the global competition.
B
Be
c
co
om
m
i
in
ng
ga
an
n
i
i
n
n
d
d
u
us
st
tr
r
y
y
l
l
e
e
a
a
d
d
e
er
r
i
i
n
nJ
J
a
a
p
pa
a
n
n
t
th
hr
r
o
o
u
ug
gh
h M&A and
   2 KAGAELECTRONICSCO.,LTD.
 INDEX
Kaga Electronics Group Explained
• Philosophy and Spirit ................................................................................................... 4 • Business and Strengths ............................................................................................. 6
Vision and Strategy
Message from the CEO ...................................................................................... 8 Message from the COO ......................................................................................10 Message from the CFO .......................................................................................14 Value Creation Process ...................................................................................... 16
Special Feature 1 On the Front Line of Business
Expanding trading company business
to drive further growth in EMS business .............................................18
Special Feature 2 Dialogue on the Power to Create Group Synergies
Key points on post-merger integration
with Fujitsu Electronics......................................................................................22
Special Feature 3 New Business Introduction
A series of businesses that resolve social issues ......................... 24
Overview of FY2019/3 Results ..................................................................... 26 Foundations for Value Creation
Corporate Governance
• Directors and Auditors ................................................................................................30 • Corporate Governance ................................................................................................32 • Internal Control / Compliance ...............................................................................34 • Message from Outside Director ...........................................................................36
CSR Management
Social Report
• Together with our customers .................................................................................38
• Together with our employees ................................................................................39 • Together with the community.................................................................................40
Environmental Report
• Together with the earth...............................................................................................42
Financial and Corporate Information
Financial Data
• 10-Year Financial Summary....................................................................................44 • Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations..............46 • Consolidated Balance Sheet.......................................................................................48 • Consolidated Statement of Income and Comprehensive Income ....50 • Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .............................................................52
Corporate Information........................................................................................................54
Period covered
This report covers from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019, except certain parts that include information prior and subsequent to these dates, as required.
Financial figures
Figures related to financial content in this report are rounded to the nearest unit. Ratios are rounded to one decimal place after calculation in yen.
Scope of report
Data calculation in this report covers Kaga Electronics Co., Ltd. and its
52 consolidated subsidiaries (16 in Japan and 36 overseas), all companies included in the scope of the Company’s consolidated accounting, except where stated.
Notation and coverage
The Company: Kaga Electronics Co., Ltd.
The Group: Kaga Electronics Co., Ltd. and its 52 consolidated subsidiaries Domestic facilities: Kaga Electronics Co., Ltd. and its 16 domestic consolidated subsidiaries
Forward-looking statements
Certain statements in this document may constitute “forward-looking statements.” Such statements are based on currently available information and certain premises deemed rational at the time of writing. As such, actual results may differ from those projected due to various factors.
Key factors that could cause actual results to differ from those projected include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions in Japan and overseas surrounding the Company’s business domains, as well as trends in demand for the Company’s products and services, and trends in foreign exchange rates and stock markets.
    Integrated Report 2019 3
 
Kaga Electronics Group Explained
Philosophy and Spirit
       History of Group expansion
Since 1968
Sep. 1968
Mar. 1980 July 1981
Dec. 1985 Dec. 1986
1990–
June 1992 July 1994
Feb. 1995
Mar. 1995 Dec. 1995
Sep. 1997
2000–
Aug. 2000
Mar. 2001 Apr. 2002
Dec. 2003 Aug. 2006 Apr. 2009
Mar. 2014 Jan. 2017 July 2017 Sep. 2018 Jan. 2019
KAGA ELECTRONICS CO., LTD. founded at 3-8-3 Soto-Kanda, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, with a paid-in capital of ¥1 million.
Net sales exceed ¥10 billion.
TSK ELECTRONICS CORPORATION established in the United States.
Stock registered on the Japan Securities Dealers Association as an over-the-counter company.
TAXAN (UK) LTD. established in the UK.
Stock listed on the Second Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
KAGA (H.K.) ELECTRONICS LIMITED established in Hong Kong.
KAGA (SINGAPORE) ELECTRONICS PTE. LTD. established in Singapore.
KAGA (KOREA) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD. established in the Republic of Korea.
Net sales exceed ¥50 billion.
KAGA (TAIWAN) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD. established in Taiwan.
Stock listed on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
KAGA (SHANGHAI) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD. established in China.
Net sales exceed ¥100 billion.
KAGA ELECTRONICS (THAILAND) COMPANY LIMITED established in Thailand.
KAGA ELECTRONICS (USA) INC. established in the United States.
KAGA (DALIAN) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD. established in China.
KAGA (EUROPE) ELECTRONICS LTD. established in the UK.
KD TEC s.r.o. established in the Czech Republic.
Transferred to current Head Office building (company-owned building).
TAXAN MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V. established in Mexico.
KAGA ELECTRONICS (VIETNAM) CO.,LTD. established in Vietnam.
KAGA ELECTRONICS (INDIA) PVT.LTD. established in India.
Fujitsu Electronics Inc. made into a Group company.
Integrated Report 2019 5
 Corporate Philosophy
Everything
we do is for our customers
Kaga Electronics Co., Ltd. had very humble beginnings about 50 years ago, starting out in a very small office. We have since grown into a general electronics trading company with operations that now span the globe. Our corporate philosophy, “Everything we do is for our customers,” has remained unchanged since our earliest days. Based on this philosophy, we will keep contributing to the creation of an affluent society by continuing to support the development of our customers.
Kaga Spirit (The Words of Isao Tsukamoto)
1 “Personal connections are intangible assets”
The Kaga Electronics Group is capable of responding quickly and accurately to changes in the business environment and customer needs to drive continuous growth. This ability stems from the personal connections, or business network, we have built up over the years based on relationships of trust with customers and suppliers. These relationships form a vital part of our management foundations in conducting business as a trading company. The idea that “personal connections are intangible assets” has been passed down over the years as one of the pillars of what we call KAGAism, the essence of who we are.
4 “Inventory is a liability”
  2
3 “An organization driven by communication”
It is important to have a corporate culture that makes maximum use of a personal capability in order to be quick to seize an opportunity in a changing business environment full of future uncertainty. Based on this philosophy, the Kaga Electronics Group is working to build an open workplace that encourages different ways of communication to achieve common goals.
In our earliest days, a lack of ample working capital forced us to place orders for products after receiving an order from a customer. This gave birth to the idea that “inventory is a liability,” which has currently evolved into the system for receiving and placing orders, a critical feature of the Company. Responding as quickly as possible to order information has enabled us to build win-win relationships with customers and suppliers.
“People are a finite asset; companies are perpetual entities”
The Kaga Electronics Group continues to tackle new challenges with a view that there is no end goal to corporate activities based on the philosophy that “people are a finite asset; companies are perpetual entities.” Acquiring Fujitsu Electronics and developing new products and services that resolve social issues are some of the initiatives we are undertaking to drive sustainable growth. We will remain committed to pushing the envelope as a Group as we head toward a century in business.
“Never say ‘no’”
  Based on the motto “Never say no’,” the Kaga Electronics Group has been expanding its business domain from parts procurement to kit-parts sales and even contract production, planning and development, and maintenance services, while enhancing the lineup of products to meet customer needs. The origins of our global “one-stop service system,” an enduring strength of the Company, lies in this customer-first approach.
5
       4 KAGAELECTRONICSCO.,LTD.

Kaga Electronics Group Explained
Business and Strengths
         Electronic parts and semiconductor business
In this business, the Kaga Electronics Group provides a wide range of electronics-related parts and materials that include semiconductors, general electronic components, LEDs, sensors and liquid crystal displays. We leverage our network of more than 40 companies in the United States, Europe, Asia and other parts
of the globe to deliver world-class parts and components to customers. Our exceptional support system enables us to meet the needs of customers globally.
EMS business
The Kaga Electronics Group utilizes production facilities in China and other parts of Asia as well as in Europe and the Americas in a production system that allows us to manufacture in regions that best suit our customers. In addition to the design and development of products, we have developed a total support system that is geared to flexibly meet different demands from high-mix, low-volume production and semi-finished to finished products. In addition, our global supplier network enables us to propose optimal alternatives to parts and materials that suit each customer best.
G Major Domestic Group Companies
KAGA MICRO SOLUTION CO., LTD. / KAGA DEVICES CO., LTD.
  G Major Domestic Group Companies Fujitsu Electronics Inc.
KAGA TECH CO., LTD.
KAGA DEVICES CO., LTD. AD DEVICE CO., LTD.
G Major Overseas Group Companies
KAGA ELECTRONICS (USA) INC.
KAGA (SINGAPORE) ELECTRONICS PTE. LTD. KAGA (KOREA) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD. KAGA (TAIWAN) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD. KAGA DEVICES (H.K.) LIMITED
KAGA (DALIAN) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD.
    Strength 1
Strength 2
Strength 3
One-stop service capability
The Kaga Electronics Group, as an independent general electronics trading company, has been expanding its business domains in accordance with customer needs. At present, Group companies worldwide are working together to create a “one-stop service system” that transcends the boundaries of a trading company and covers everything from upstream processes, including planning and design in addition to parts procurement, to downstream maintenance services. By doing so, we are providing diverse added value to customers.
           Research, planning, design, development
Procurement
G Major Overseas Group Companies
KAGA (H.K.) ELECTRONICS LIMITED / KAGA (SHENZHEN) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD. / KAGA (SHANGHAI) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD. / KAGA TAXAN (SUZHOU) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD. / KAGA ELECTRONICS (THAILAND) COMPANY LIMITED / KAGA COMPONENTS (MALAYSIA) SDN.BHD / KD TEC s.r.o. / TAXAN MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V. / KAGA ELECTRONICS (USA) INC. / KAGA (DALIAN) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD. / KAGA ELECTRONICS INDONESIA, PT / KAGA ELECTRONICS (VIETNAM) CO., LTD. / KD TEC TURKEY ELEKTRONIK SANAYI VE TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI / KAGA DEVICES INDIA PVD. LTD.
Production, Sales, logistics Support service quality control
Global network capability
We provide peace of mind to customers and instill confidence through our sales and production network, which spans 16 countries and regions worldwide, as well as our global procurement and information-gathering competencies that we have built up over many years, which have been reinforced by the addition to the Group of Fujitsu Electronics.
        Comprehensive capability in the electronics field
Another strength of the Kaga Electronics Group is the broad range of products and services it handles. We meet a wide variety of needs by providing modules and finished products in addition to electronics-related parts and materials as well as hardware, software and systems. Our business covers everything from large-lot consumer goods to small-lot industrial devices. This comprehensive capability, coupled with our one-stop service capability, allows us to meet customer needs with exceptional precision.
      Information equipment business
Other business
 The Kaga Electronics Group carries out the functions of a sales agency in providing such places as domestic consumer electronics
mass retailers, camera stores, general companies and educational institutes with PCs and PC peripherals made by major Japanese and overseas brands. In addition, we offer a one-stop service for
In addition to the planning, manufacture and sale of amusement- related equipment such as arcade amusement machines, the Kaga
       network solutions from the proposal to the construction and maintenance of local area network (LAN) systems, security systems and eco-friendly energy systems for corporations and government agencies.
G Major Group Companies
KAGA SOLUTION NETWORK CO., LTD. KAGA TECHNOSERVICE CO., LTD.
Electronics Group produces commercials, movies and animation as well as original content using advanced computer graphics technology. Our diverse business also includes environmentally
friendly PC reuse and recycling, and the retail and wholesale of golf supplies.
G Major Group Companies DIGITAL MEDIA LAB., INC.
KAGA MICRO SOLUTION CO., LTD. KAGA SPORTS CO., LTD.
KAGA AMUSEMENT CO., LTD.
   6 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD. Integrated Report 2019 7
      
 Message from the CEO To our stakeholders
 Positioning of the Medium- to Long-Term Vision and the Medium-Term Management Plan 2021
Aim to become a competitive “world-class company”
¥500 billion
Aiming to become a competitive “world-class company”
Isao Tsukamoto
Founder & CEO
   Organic Growth + Further M&A Challenges
 Kaga Electronics Group +
Fujitsu Electronics
        Become “Japan’s No. 1 company in the industry”
¥1trillion
Further expansion of the EMS business
Enhancement and expansion of overseas business
(Net sales)
Medium- to Long-Term Vision
   Quantitative expansion of trading company
business
Expansion of
the trading company business
will lead to growth of
the EMS business
Qualitative improvement through the EMS
business
  “People are a finite asset; companies are perpetual entities.” Based on the philosophy we have upheld since our earliest days that there is no end goal to corporate activities, I have continued to take on a variety of challenges. Fortunately, we have received great support from customers and other concerned parties, and thanks to this, we successfully reached the milestone of 50 years in business in 2018. I would like to extend my warmest appreciation to our stakeholders for your unending cooperation. With these feelings of gratitude foremost
in mind, I have newly resolved to boldly tackle further challenges aimed at the next 50 years of growth. In
2017, we established an internal fund of ¥5 billion for investment in a venture company, reaffirming our DNA as an organization that perceives changes in the times as opportunities for growth.
Our business environment indeed signals a turning point, a shift in the era that offers a chance for growth. Advances in the Internet of Things (IoT) and artificial intelligence (AI) have accelerated a digital transformation in which every industry utilizes electronics-related products and services. In addition, against the backdrop of trade friction between the United States and China and other such factors, we are heading toward a new stage of globalization in the supply chain of manufacturers both in Japan and abroad.
On the other hand, competition with global corporate groups boasting sales of ¥2–3 trillion is inevitable in the future world market. To outstrip our rivals over the next 50 years and lead the Group along a new path to growth, it is imperative that we have a vision and strategy that is global in nature.
In addition to this growth strategy, over the long term
we will seek to develop new products and services that contribute to the resolution of social issues in the realms of safety and security and environmental preservation on top of meeting customer needs. While I do not expect to see results from this endeavor overnight, I am sure that our efforts will start to bear fruit if we just persevere in a way that typifies who we are. I would like Kaga Electronics to be a leader in how to effectively raise universal corporate value by showing that the key to sustainable growth is being a company that benefits society.
I humbly ask all of our stakeholders for your continued support of the Kaga Electronics Group and our initiatives.
8 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 9
Increased sales
Medium-Term Management Plan 2021
(1) Enhancement of the revenue base
(2) Stabilization of the management base
Based on an awareness of this environment, the Kaga Electronics Group formulated its Medium- to Long-Term Vision covering the next 50 years of becoming a corporate group capable of generating ¥1 trillion in sales, the scale required to compete and rank with rivals overseas at the several trillion yen level in the intensely competitive global market. We have also formulated a new Medium-Term Management Plan with the aim of becoming Japan’s No. 1 company in the industry with sales of ¥500 billion
in the next three years. The plan sets out three key challenges: Enhancement of the revenue base, stabilization of the management base and creation of new business.
The addition of Fujitsu Electronics to the Group in January 2019 forms part of this growth strategy. Going forward, we will strive to quantitatively expand our revenue base through mergers and acquisitions in the trading company business domain, develop our customer base for EMS business and utilize our global production base to significantly enhance Group management.
(3) Creation of new business
Increased profit ratio
    Toward the next 50 years of growth
Turning the changing times into growth opportunities
Become a ¥1 trillion company with
a strong presence in the global market
Create universal value as a company that benefits society

Message from the COO
Aiming to become an industry leader in Japan
We will tackle three priority issues to maximize synergies.
Targets and results (2019/3)
  Net sales
Ordinary income
ROE
Previous Medium-Term Management Plan targets
FY2019/3 (results)
¥290.0 billion
¥10.0 billion
8.0% or higher
¥292.8 billion
¥7.8 billion
10.9%
   Net sales outlook (2020/3)
468,995
(Millions of yen)
  Fujitsu Electronics
KAGA ELECTRONICS
233,306
235,689
 2019/3
Gross profit and gross profit margin outlook (2020/3)
(Millions of yen)
 46,725 14,590
32,135
13.6%
6.3%
2019/3
Industry positioning
Fujitsu Electronics
KAGA ELECTRONICS
195,000 430,000 235,000
  KAGA Fujitsu Consolidated ELECTRONICS Electronics
2020/3
14,000 46,500
32,500 13.8%
7.2%
   KAGA Fujitsu Consolidated ELECTRONICS Electronics
2020/3
10.8%
 Reorganization aimed at becoming an industry leader in Japan
 Review of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
Creating foundations for the next stage of growth
The fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 was the final year of our previous Medium-Term Management Plan. Overall, the three years of the plan were very productive as we were able to build foundations for a new stage of growth, which included creating infrastructure to drive growth in EMS business and securing a new trading company business network and resources through M&A. In terms of quantitative results, we achieved our targets for net sales and return on equity (ROE). This was mainly because net sales benefited from the consolidation of Fujitsu Electronics in the fourth quarter of the final year of
the plan, 2019, while in ROE we enhanced our financial leverage by borrowing acquisition funds. Conversely, ordinary income stood at ¥7,859 million, which was unfortunately below our medium-term target. Primarily this result reflected delays in the contribution to earnings
from a new factory overseas and a limited contribution to income from the acquired company.
As a key initiative in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, we enhanced our production system overseas in response to requests from customers. In addition, we focused on expanding EMS business by means such as relocating sites and strengthening functions in Japan. In January 2019, we solidified our foothold to drive further growth by making Fujitsu Electronics a Group company.
As a result of these activities, net sales for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 totaled ¥292,779 million, up 24.1% from the previous fiscal year. This was primarily the result of a solid showing overall in EMS business and the consolidation of Fujitsu Electronics in the fourth quarter. In terms of profit, operating income was ¥7,570 million,
d d o o w w n n 6 6 . . 8 8 % % y y e e a a r r o o n n y y e e a a r r, , d d u u e e t t o o l l a a r r g g e e u u p p f f r r o o n n t t e e x x p p e e n n s s e e s s f f o o r r t t h h e e s s t t a a r r t t u up p p p e e r r i i o o d d o o f f n n e e w w f f a a c c t to o r r i i e e s s i in n V V i i e e t t n na a m m , , M M e e x x i i c c o o a a n n d d T Tu u r r k k e e y y . . N N o o n n e e t t h h e e l l e e s s s s , , p p r r o o fi fi t t a a t t t t r r i i b b u u t t a a b b l l e e t t o o o o w w n n e e r r s s o o f f t t h h e e parent grew 23.5% year on year to ¥8,014 million, owing mainly to the recording of a gain on negative goodwill as extraordinary income in line with the consolidation. In light of these results, we paid an extraordinary dividend to our shareholders.
Ryoichi Kado
President & COO
Forecast for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020
A cautious outlook given the uncertain business environment
Net sales are forecast to increase by a significant 46.9% year on year to ¥430 billion in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, since Fujitsu Electronics will contribute to consolidated results for the entire year. On the other hand, operating income is projected to decrease by 7.5% to
¥7.0 billion, due to such factors as an increase in expenses associated with the startup of new EMS factories in
Japan and overseas, namely Fukushima and India, and investment in IT in line with the addition to the Group of Fujitsu Electronics.
Profit attributable to owners of the parent is forecast to be ¥5.0 billion, down 37.6%, due to the absence of a gain on negative goodwill as was recorded in the previous fiscal year. The Group overall is conservative in its projections due to uncertain domestic and overseas conditions and the risk of cancellation of large-lot commercial rights held by Fujitsu Electronics. Accordingly, we have set targets that we believe we can achieve without any shortfall in the first fiscal year of our new Medium-Term Management Plan. Going forward, we will seek to improve performance gradually each year and realize the management targets stated under the plan.
          Impact of making Fujitsu Electronics a Group company
Looking at a breakdown of the net sales forecast for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, Kaga Electronics on a parent alone basis is projected to post ¥235.0 billion, which is roughly unchanged from the previous fiscal year, and Fujitsu Electronics is projected to post ¥195.0 billion, marking a year-on-year decline of ¥38.3 billion. This decline includes approximately ¥20.0 billion related to the risk of cancellation of large-lot commercial rights, which will be reflected in the second half of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020 (sales will continue in the first half). Discussions are still ongoing and details cannot be disclosed yet, but we will report on this policy as soon as it has been decided.
With regard to gross profit, Kaga Electronics is projected to secure a gross profit margin and profit on par with the previous fiscal year, while Fujitsu Electronics is projected to register an increase of about one percentage point in the gross profit margin compared to a year ago. We plan to minimize any decline in gross profit due to a loss of sales.
Although profitability (in terms of the gross profit margin) differs widely at both companies, we will work to make steady improvements each year to contribute to the profit growth of the Kaga Electronics Group on the whole. A one percentage point improvement in the gross profit margin would result in an increase in profit of ¥2.0 billion, and a two percentage point increase would result in a twofold rise in profit, to ¥4.0 billion.
       The addition of Fujitsu Electronics to the Kaga Electronics Group provides an instant boost to sales, placing us third in the industry for electronics trading companies based on results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019. We expect to jump to second in the industry according to our projections for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, getting us within range of challenging for the No. 1 spot. Now that we have a strong foothold, we will strive to realize our goal of becoming an industry leader in Japan.
There are currently more than 30 electronics trading companies listed on stock exchanges in Japan, with
net sales ranging from ¥6.0 billion to ¥500.0 billion. If non-listed companies are included, this figure jumps
to more than 300, and it is said that the number of industry players exceeds the scale of the market. Global reorganization is taking place in nearly every industry and business category, and electronics trading companies will not be able to avoid it.
           10 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 11
 
Message from the COO
Top 5 electronics trading companies in terms of sales (Kaga Electronics research)
 1
3
4
5
2018/3 (results) (billions of yen) 2019/3 (results) (billions of yen) 2020/3 (forecast) (billions of yen)
MacnicaFujiElectronicsHoldings,Inc. 504.1
UKC Holdings Corporation 301.4
Ryosan Company, Limited 254.1
Ryoden Corporation 236.5
MacnicaFujiElectronicsHoldings,Inc. 524.2
Ryosan Company, Limited 249.7
SIIX Corporation 242.8
MacnicaFujiElectronicsHoldings,Inc. 540.0
 2
Marubun Corporation 347.5
Marubun Corporation 326.7
KAGA ELECTRONICS CO., LTD. 430.0
 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO., LTD. 292.8
Restar Holdings Corporation 410.0
Marubun Corporation 291.5
SIIX Corporation 244.0
 KAGAELECTRONICSCO.,LTD.(No.6) 235.9
Note: Listed companies only
 Medium-Term Management Plan basic policies
 1. Enhance
the revenue base
2. Stabilize the management base
3. Create new business
Priority issues Concrete initiatives
Utilizing the Group’s DNA to see things ahead of time, we will focus on markets forecast to have high growth potential and profitability, and aim to strengthen the revenue base.
Aiming to stabilize the management base to achieve early improvement in efficiency and financial soundness after making Fujitsu Electronics a subsidiary.
Seeking to create new business through the active use of our own resources and M&A to enhance our ability to respond to changes in the external environment.
• Strengthen initiatives for growth fields:
Automotive, communications, environmental, industrial devices, medical and healthcare
• Enhance and expand EMS business and overseas business
• Continue Groupwide cost reduction measures
• Promote improvement of Group management efficiency by
establishing an organizational structure
• Enhance corporate governance and cultivate human
resources to lead the next generation
• Launch businesses related to social issues (childcare, welfare, nursing care, etc.) and materials business
• Promote open innovation through venture investment • Actively implement M&A
                Against this backdrop, Kaga Electronics aims to be the corporate group to spearhead reorganization in the industry. The acquisition of Fujitsu Electronics is one of the moves characterizing our approach.
Medium-Term Management Plan 2021 and growth strategy
Aiming to become an industry leader in Japan and outstrip the global competition
In November 2018, Kaga Electronics formulated its three-year Medium-Term Management Plan 2021. The plan includes ambitious targets of 71% growth for both net sales and operating income after three years in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022, compared with the fiscal year ended March 2019.
outstrip the global competition, which is our Medium- to Long-Term Vision.
In terms of concrete initiatives, we will pursue growth in both trading company business for electronic components, which we have expanded by bringing Fujitsu Electronics into the fold, and EMS business, where we will focus on such growing fields as automotive and communications. Through these efforts, we aim to boost the level of business within the Kaga Electronics Group.
In EMS business, we have vigorously looked to expand production system overseas in response to increasing customer requirements in recent years. We added production bases in Mexico and Vietnam in 2017 and in Turkey and India in 2018 to our production network, which was previously concentrated in China and the ASEAN region. We now have EMS production factories in 16 locations through 10 countries, including Japan.
In addition, Towada Pioneer Corporation will be added to the Group in October 2019. Since it is a manufacturing subsidiary of Pioneer Corporation, a dedicated electronics maker, we will be able to incorporate the production know-how it has amassed over many years, outstanding production site human resources and production equipment into the Group with the aim of strengthening
our growing automotive business. Another goal is to bolster capacity to meet rising production demand in Japan. We are also constructing a new factory planned for operation in autumn 2019 in Fukushima Prefecture to cater to this growing demand.
Overseas, there is a remarkable trend among customers to shift production of products earmarked for the United States out of China and elsewhere to avoid the impact of trade issues between the two countries. In line with this, we have started building a second factory in Thailand and we aim to start operations there before the end of 2019. We plan to actively take advantage of the demand brought about by this trend at each of our factories in Vietnam, Malaysia and Mexico. In seeking to grow EMS business, we are executing a variety of such initiatives concurrently.
Shareholder return
Maintain a payout ratio between 25% and 35%
to provide stable payment of dividends while maintaining a consolidated payout ratio of 25% to 35%.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the payout ratio was 27.4% based on a dividend of ¥80 per share as a result of twice revising the dividend forecast upward during the period. In the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, we are forecasting a year-on-year decline in profit and therefore the dividend will drop to ¥60 per share and the payout ratio will be 32.9%. Although we succeeded in increasing dividends for six consecutive years from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014, unfortunately we expect a break in this pattern. Going forward, with regard to the distribution of profit, we aim to maintain a stable and continuous payment of dividends to shareholders while investing to drive further growth toward the next leap ahead, as well as ensuring a sound financial position from a long-term perspective.
  Medium-Term Management Plan 2021 management targets (billions of yen)
Net sales
Operating income ROE
Dividends (yen) Ordinary dividend
Extraordinary dividend
   Projected sales composition (billions of yen)
Electronic components
292.8
EMS CSI
430.0
Other
2019/3
results
2020/3
full-year financial forecast
13.9 (5%)
13.0 (3%)
40.0 (9%)
95.0 (22%)
282.0 (66%)
500.0
10.0 (2%)
50.0 (10%)
140.0 (28%)
300.0 (60%)
2022/3
final fiscal year management targets
  44.3 (15%)
89.4 (30%)
145.0 (50%)
10.9%
292.8
7.6 2019/3
results
6.4%
8.0% or higher 500.0
Commemorative dividend Payout ratio
   430.0 Growth rate 71%
32.9% 35%
Kaga Electronics has positioned the return of profits to
shareholders as one of its most important management
policies. We would like to reciprocate our shareholders’ 25.5% 25.6% support by providing dividends from our surplus so that
they feel they can continue to support us by retaining the
Company’s shares over the long term. Based on the belief
of our founder that we have held since our earliest
days—that profit generated by everyone’s hard work will 35
be shared with everyone—we make it a principle to
conduct transparent management in which we return
profits to shareholders through extraordinary dividends
when we expect to generate a level of profit that exceeds
our initial target. In quantitative terms, our basic policy is
28.6%
29.6%
 Growth rate
71%
7.0 2020/3
forecast
27.4%
25%
60
  The three basic policies of the new Medium-Term Management Plan are to enhance the revenue base, stabilize the management base and create new business. Through these policies, the Kaga Electronics Group will strive as one to become an industry leader in Japan and
40
5 30
10 30
15 40
13.0 2022/3
New Medium-Term Management Plan target
24.1% 60
20 40
80
5 5
70
 55
10 60
70
  12 KAGAELECTRONICSCO.,LTD.
13
 2014/3 2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3 2019/3 2020/3 forecast
Integrated Report 2019
       
    Message from the CFO
       Toward realization of
our Medium- to Long-Term Vision
We will support expansion of the Group’s scale while carrying out sound profit- oriented management.
Eiji Kawamura
Managing Director,
Chief of Administration Headquarters
         KAGAism, or the essence of who we are. Based on this conviction, we have positioned the reduction in days
held in inventory as a critical challenge in our sales organizations and Group companies. At the same time, we have formulated a principle for how Kaga Electronics receives and places orders; in particular, sales activities in our components business apply the rule that we must not place an order to a manufacturer unless we have first received an order from a customer. This forms part of our strict management approach to inventory.
Nonetheless, EMS business is in the same category
as the manufacturing industry, and compared with components business, the inventory turnover period tends to be long. For this reason, the Kaga Electronics Group has set a target for the inventory turnover period of 15 days for components business and 45 days for EMS business for the sake of streamlining. If we can achieve a Groupwide average inventory turnover period of 30 days or less, we can generate cash of at least ¥10.0 billion, which we can use as capital for investment to drive growth.
We expect cash flows from investing activities to be negative for a while as we continue investment to bolster EMS-related production sites and in venture companies. To build up free cash flow, we will strengthen systematic initiatives aimed at generating operating cash flows based on thorough inventory management.
Cash flows (millions of yen)
Cash flows from financing activities Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities
sales. On the other hand, when dealing with direct financing, it is essential to consider bonds and the need for advanced preparation, stock and the possibility of dilution of earnings per share, and the market common to both. We will undertake fund procurement to continue driving sound growth. This will require a flexible approach that takes the external environment closely into account and a policy that is based on ensuring an appropriate equity ratio.
Return on equity (ROE) for the fiscal year was 10.9%, while we are forecasting 6.4% for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020. The temporary decline in the Group’s profit ratio can be attributed to the full-year contribution to consolidated results of Fujitsu Electronics. This would be the minimum level when compared with the Company’s capital cost, and one that we would never be satisfied with. It is imperative that we enhance the management efficiency and improve the profit ratio of Fujitsu Electronics following the acquisition. Currently CEO Tsukamoto is visiting the company every week to spread the concept of KAGAism in a top-down manner and striving to reform the thinking of individual employees.
Under the new Medium-Term Management Plan, which runs until the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022, we are aiming for net sales of ¥500.0 billion, operating income of ¥13.0 billion and ROE of 8% or higher. Our target for ROE constitutes the minimum amount we want to achieve, and I actually have my sights set beyond that figure. Assuming that we do not undertake any more major M&A, our financial leverage would be around 2.5 times based on an equity ratio of 40% and total asset turnover would be around two times, which would enable us to achieve double-digit ROE,
  Aiming to achieve both investment for growth and financial discipline
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the Kaga Electronics Group took its first step toward growing into a corporate group boasting sales of more than ¥1 trillion by consolidating Fujitsu Electronics. A bridge loan in the amount of
¥23.0 billion was taken out to finance the acquisition, and as a result, interest-bearing debt exceeded ¥30.0 billion. Despite this, the debt equity ratio (DER) was 0.43 times, which we view as a healthy level. The net DER was negative as we maintained a debt-free state in real terms.
The Kaga Electronics Group has worked to ensure solid debt-free management since our earliest days. Our sales representatives are responsible for all processes ranging
Cash and deposits and interest-bearing debt
DER = Interest bearing debt / Shareholders’ equity (times) Net DER = Interest-bearing debt − cash and deposits) /
Shareholders’ equity (times) Cash and deposits (millions of yen)
Interest-bearing debt (millions of yen)
from securing customers to order receipt and placement, delivery of goods and payment collection. The transactions we enter take into careful consideration the balance between collection and payment as well as the payment terms at all times. We have built up cash and deposits
for investment to drive future growth through these efforts and gradual accumulation of profit over many years. President Kado’s long-established policy of profit-oriented management has also permeated our Group companies. Going forward, we will accelerate investment for growth as we look to achieve the goals of our Medium-Term Management Plan while maintaining financial discipline based on cash.
Unique inventory strategy that generates cash flows
The Kaga Electronics Group has stably generated 10,746 operating cash flows of around ¥10.0 billion in recent
years. Underpinning this achievement lies our efforts to
accumulate profit, as stated earlier, coupled with thorough -258 management of working capital. This fiscal year, however,
we registered ¥1.5 billion as net cash used in operating -6,118 activities. This was mainly due to an increase of ¥1.0 billion
in trade notes and accounts receivable and a decrease of 2017/3 ¥5.8 billion in notes and accounts payable—trade in line
10,077
11,684
-6,860 2019/3
depending on the net profit margin for the fiscal year. I intend to implement measures at the workplace level that will help us achieve this goal.
     0.43
-0.03 35,003
32,851
2019/3
Net profit margin Total asset turnover
-4,173
-2,811 2018/3
-1,547
Return on equity (ROE)
ROE
Financial leverage
10.9%
3.1
1.9
1.8 2017/3
 0.15
-0.25
26,423
9,805 2017/3
0.13
-0.31
30,803
8,900 2018/3
with the addition of Fujitsu Electronics as a Group company. In EMS business, inventories rose as we increased production and stock in response to customers’ inventory adjustments and growing sales, and this affected performance. In the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, we expect a change for the better in these negative factors on the back of efforts to shorten the inventory turnover period in particular.
We have believed since our foundation that “inventory is a liability,” a concept that forms part of what we call
Toward steady improvement in equity ratio and ROE
The equity ratio for the fiscal year under review decreased to 35.8% temporarily due to bank borrowings associated with the acquisition of Fujitsu Electronics, but it is expected to rebound over the next few years on the back of measures based on the Medium-Term Management Plan. We will aim for around 40% to begin with.
It is not realistic to cover all of the investment we make to drive growth with indirect financing in our medium- to long-term quest for ¥500.0 billion and ¥1 trillion in net
9.5%
2.8
1.8
1.8 2018/3
10.9%
2.7
2.8
1.4 2019/3
          14 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 15

 Value Creation Process
Kaga Electronics will leverage its strengths based on a solid capital foundation to create value
for customers worldwide.
Bolster intangible and tangible capital through M&A
The intangible and tangible capital we have amassed over more than 50 years forms an integral part
of our management base. In January 2019, we further bolstered our capital strength by making Fujitsu Electronics a Group company. We aim to realize sustainable growth by leveraging this capital strength as a source of competitiveness in the global market.
INPUT
Business and Strengths
Strength 1 One-stop service capability
Electronic parts and semiconductor business
In this business, we provide a wide range of electronics-related parts and materials that include semiconductors, general electronic components, LEDs, sensors and liquid crystal displays.
EMS business
Automotive field
Advancements in technological innovation for autonomous driving and growing needs for eco cars
Communications field
Growth of Internet of Things (IoT)-related markets that include low power, wide-area wireless technology
Medical and healthcare field
Response to social needs such as health and healthcare
Research, planning, design, development
Procurement
Production, quality control
Sales, logistics
Other business
Support service
Information equipment business
We sell PCs, PC peripherals and home electric appliances as well as sell and install LED products.
Strength 2 Global network capability 16 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
We also engage in a range of businesses, including the planning, production and sales of amusement equipment, production of computer graphics and PC recycling.
Social and related capital
7,500
Manufacturing capital
Financial capital
ROE
10.9% YoY +1.4%
Focus needs in the field
Human capital
6,627 +829
Intellectual capital
1,478 +186
OUTCOME
Value provided
We contribute to the creation of an enriched future by meeting customers’ diverse needs with comprehensive capabilities in electronics.
Customers
Our own manufacturing sites
Group employees
Technical staff
companies +3,500companies
17
worldwide
We provide contract production services in line with customer requirements, led by the Group’s 16 production factories worldwide.
Environmental field
Heightened global demand for a minimal environmental burden
Factory automation (FA) field
Advances in innovative technology for production processes
Strength 3 Comprehensive capability in the electronics field
+1site
Integrated Report 2019 17

   Synergistic effects between Kaga Electronics and Fujitsu Electronics
    1
Kaga Electronics
Fujitsu Electronics
 Special Feature
 On the Front Line of Business
Major suppliers
Key products
Key customers/ trading divisions
Main markets/ applications
Earnings model (high-value-added strategy)
Electrical, electronic and semiconductor manufacturers in Japan and overseas
General-purpose products such as semiconductors, LEDs and storage devices for Japan and overseas
Japanese manufacturing industry-leading companies / Materials purchasing departments
Consumer electronics, industrial devices, amusement equipment
Coordinator-type
Provide products with added EMS services
such as processing, assembly and kitting to meet high-mix, low-volume needs
Mainly Fujitsu Group companies
Semiconductors utilizing design and development capabilities such as
microcomputers and ASICs
Industry-leading global companies in Japan and overseas /
Design and development departments Automotive, communications
Customer-based
Develop base components based
on customers’ development strategies
and supply over a long period
       Increase in the customer base
More opportunities to sell in growing markets
Greater responsiveness to diverse needs
   Expanding trading company business to drive further growth in EMS business
Change is coming faster than ever in the business environment for electronics trading companies, characterized by structural reorganization and consolidation as well as the shift of end-product manufacturers’ production processes overseas to combat intensifying competition among semiconductor manufacturers, and a shortening of the product lifecycle. Against this backdrop, Kaga Electronics brought Japan’s fourth largest industry player regarding net sales, Fujitsu Electronics, into the Group and will leverage the ensuing expansion in trading company business to drive further growth in EMS business.
Strengthen competitiveness in trading company business with Fujitsu Electronics
The Kaga Electronics Group stated its goal of becoming an industry leader in Japan with net sales of ¥500 billion under its new Medium-Term Management Plan. As the first step to achieve this goal, the Company acquired 70% of the shares of Fujitsu Electronics Inc. (FEI), a semiconductor trading company in the Fujitsu Group, in January 2019.
One of the main objectives of the acquisition is to strengthen our business base as an electronics trading company and expand the market share of our electronic parts and semiconductor businesses.
As a member of the Fujitsu Group, FEI boasts an extensive range of unique products that take advantage of technological expertise in such areas as microcomputers and application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs), and the company has a proven track record of transactions with many global firms. In particular, FEI has actively built up close relationships of trust with the design and development departments of customers in the automotive and communications fields, which we view as growth domains. It is currently developing and selling base components in these fields thought to be required in several years according to development roadmaps.
The strength of FEI lies in its ability to source a diverse array of electronic components and semiconductors from
Japan and overseas, and it enjoys a solid complementary relationship with the trading company business of our Group, in which we sell to customers’ purchasing departments. As an example, on a product front FEI focuses on custom large-scale integration (LSI) and microcomputers that leverage its technological prowess, whereas we focus on general-purpose items. Both sectors can be applied to the same vehicle: FEI’s products in the heart of the car such as the engine control unit (ECU) and our products in control boards for the peripheral parts of the car such as headlights and power windows. In terms of the customer base, FEI mainly deals with industry-leading global companies such as tier-one companies in the automobile industry, while
more than 80% of our customers are Japanese and we broadly serve the manufacturing industry from large- to small and medium-sized companies. With regard to the point of contact at a customer company, FEI has been in and out of its customers’ design and development departments and business talks have sprung from the technical meetings. The Kaga Electronics Group, on the other hand, starts by approaching customers’ materials purchasing departments. Turning to the earnings model, FEI employs a “customer-based model” in which it assigns sales and technical staff to locations around the world, develops unique products to meet customer needs and sells them in large quantities. The Kaga Electronics Group, on the other hand, features a “coordinator-type model” in which we accept orders for circuit boards and units and add EMS services such as assembly and processing for high-mix, low-volume production that meets diverse customer needs.
In this way, we can integrate the differences of the two companies to virtually eliminate the problem of duplication in products handled, the customer base and sales channels in Japan and overseas, which means that we can realize a business model capable of extremely effective cross-selling.
We aim to make use of these advantages to help us respond to varied customer needs and reduce costs, thereby enhancing business competitiveness and
profitability. The sales departments of Kaga Electronics and FEI are meeting weekly in an effort to make this a reality. We are determined to create synergies that will serve us in these regards going forward.
Aiming for high growth in the convenience store type of EMS by leveraging FEI’s excellent customer base In addition to expanding trading company business, the Kaga Electronics Group has started making preparations to expand the scale of EMS business through the collaboration with FEI.
In recent years, many global companies have shifted from a vertically integrated business model ranging from development to production within its group to a horizontally integrated business model in which component procurement and production are outsourced while enhancing product value through core technology. At the same time, EMS operators continue to grow in size, taking advantage of these demands for outsourcing.
Under such circumstances, Kaga Electronics started services such as the assembly and production processes on a contract basis as well as kitting in which we propose alternative parts and materials as part of measures to increase added value to trading company business that we have been implementing for the past 40 years. EMS business is currently being provided via a network of
 18 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 19
Key products of Fujitsu Electronics

 Special
Feature On the Front Line of Business
1 Expanding trading company business to drive further growth in EMS business
16 factories in 10 countries that has grown in response to the overseas production needs of an increasing number
of Japanese companies on the back of global procurement capabilities. We recently embarked on the construction of a second factory in Thailand and further bolstered production capacity in the ASEAN region.
As background to this business development, the Kaga Electronics Group’s EMS business promotes a convenience store type strategy in which the factory nearest the customer is used. This model leverages a system
enabling the contracted high-mix, low-volume production of 3,000 different circuit board models a month, sometimes in batches of 100 units, all around the world as well as our ability to provide high added value in the form of software and system support in addition to the circuit board. The growth strategy we are executing demarcates us from large EMS companies in China and other parts of Asia and rival Japanese companies.
We aim to drive significant growth in high-value-added EMS business by sharing in FEI’s excellent customer base and global business foundations, which complement our EMS site network. To give an example, we will seek to generate a positive cycle of systematic capital investment and continuing orders from a longer-term perspective to drive sustainable growth. This will include utilizing the business know-how of FEI, which has insight into customers’ development roadmaps, and concluding multi-year agreements with a view that spans the prototype stage to the mass production stage several years down the track.
Kaga Electronics will have the opportunity to enhance
its profitability, which has been an issue, with the new EMS services and proposals taken from the perspective of FEI’s growth strategy as well. Our EMS managers are already accompanying FEI staff to design and development departments that are FEI’s customers, and multiple projects and business talks are gathering pace.
Smart factory project to create a global mother factory
Kaga Electronics acquired Towada Pioneer Corporation, a manufacturing subsidiary of Pioneer Corporation, and will make it a Group company in October 2019 to further advance EMS business.
Through this acquisition, we will incorporate the manufacturing know-how, exceptional production-based human resources and production equipment that Towada Pioneer has developed over many years as a specialized electronics maker. This will help us to secure the capacity needed to meet growing production demand in Japan. We will also share in Towada Pioneer’s tangible and intangible resources, including its extensive track record, production facility designs, tool manufacturing and quality assurance
  Towada Pioneer Corporation
(The company name will be changed to KAGA EMS TOWADA CO., LTD. from October 1, 2019.)
HATTEN brand local soldering bath
systems, thus providing us with an overwhelming competitive advantage over our EMS competitors.
To further differentiate our business from that of our rivals, we will team up with SUZHOU HATTEN INTELLIGENT EQUIPMENT CO., LTD., a facility design company established in Suzhou, China in October 2018. This company develops production facilities with specifications and functions
that are optimal for the Group’s EMS model of high-mix, low-volume production. The start of external sales of these products under the HATTEN brand will lead to further reduction in costs for Kaga Electronics and limit the need
to make capital investment.
In the near future, we will look to optimize Towada
Pioneer for our high-mix, low-volume EMS model and position it as our mother factory complete with internally made production facilities and the automated processes of Towada Pioneer. We will then deploy this know-how to our other factories around the world to further heighten the competitiveness of our EMS business. By combining this with our trading company business, we aim to be a company that can outstrip the global competition, which is our Medium- to Long-Term Vision.
    Establishment of integrated system including after-sales service
KAGA MICRO SOLUTION initiatives
The Kaga Electronics Group undertakes EMS business in a variety of departments aside from the EMS Business Division, including the Electronics Business Division, Communication Network Sales Division and Specific Industry Business Division to flexibly meet customer needs. In addition, Group company KAGA MICRO SOLUTION CO., LTD. provides one-stop service that covers planning and production to after-sales service, reuse and
recycling of electronics equipment, communications equipment and amusement equipment. As such, we are contributing to the creation of a recycling-oriented society based on production
and recycling. In October 2019 we will complete a new factory in Fukushima Prefecture, and in combination with existing facilities in Yamagata and Niigata, this will serve to bolster production capacity in Japan.
  Global EMS network
Sales bases Production bases
20 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 21
EMS business growth scenario
¥140.0 billion 1.5 times
Key points for growth
G Expand business in the growing fields of automotive, industrial devices, air conditioning and medical through full-fledged contributions from each new site in Vietnam, Mexico, Turkey and India, in addition to existing production capacity in China, the ASEAN region and Europe
G Take a “key device + EMS” approach for leading customers of Fujitsu Electronics
G Take on new M&A opportunities in Japan and overseas with the aim of further expanding EMS business
  FEI/M&A
11%
  Consumer electronics, 10% communications, etc.
  Medical
10%
  Office equipment
10%
  Industrial devices
14%
  Air conditioning
20%
  Automotive
25%
     ¥89.4 billion 19%
9% 12%
14% 23%
23%
2019/3 results
2022/3 targets
Organic growth
Fujitsu Electronics’ shift to EMS
Further M&A
    
 Special Feature
2
Dialogue on the Power to Create Group Synergies
Key points on post-merger integration with Fujitsu Electronics
Kaga Electronics Co., Ltd. added Fujitsu Electronics Inc. (FEI) to the Group in January 2019. Here, Kaga Electronics’ Founder & CEO Isao Tsukamoto discusses the post-merger integration, one of the keys to M&A success, with Fujitsu Electronics President Junji Ogihara.
        Isao Tsukamoto
Founder & CEO KAGA ELECTRONICS CO., LTD. Chairman and Representative Director Fujitsu Electronics Inc.
Junji Ogihara
President and Representative Director Fujitsu Electronics Inc.
      Theme 1: A focus on profit and gross profit
Ogihara: CEO Tsukamoto has frequently visited the Headquarters of FEI in Shin-Yokohama ever since we joined the Kaga Electronics Group in January 2019 offering extremely valuable advice from a broad perspective. Tsukamoto: Yes, I actually got to work at FEI on the very first workday of 2019. That’s because I know the importance of reforming the way of thinking from the top down. I’m sure there were a few stunned employees that day. Ogihara: Over the following six months or so, you’ve reiterated the need to change business mindset. Tsukamoto: It’s critical that all employees are committed to focusing on profit and the source of this, gross profit. Gross profit is gained through the added value we provide to customers through sales activities. As such, it’s essential for everybody to think thoroughly about how to raise added value.
Ogihara: That’s perhaps a weakness of FEI as a trading company of manufacturer. I feel that this is the biggest difference in culture with the independent-type Kaga Electronics.
Tsukamoto: Gross profit, or in other words added value, 22 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
can be increased with a bit of creativity, and that’s a concept that needs to be reaffirmed. I’m sure that there are countless businesses where we can boost earnings, and in fact Kaga Electronics has done so for the past
50 years. FEI boasts sales of around ¥200 billion. If we improve the gross profit margin by 1.0 percentage point, operating income will increase by ¥2.0 billion. By having each person focus on this indicator, even if only a little, we can significantly increase FEI’s profit.
Ogihara: At the same time, we’re reducing costs through enhanced management efficiency. In concrete terms, we’re benefiting from the reorganization of business sites and the mutual use of human resources and sales channels. Our Nagoya Office was integrated into a Kaga Electronics site in September 2019. We’re examining the viability of integrating sites overseas as well.
Theme 2: Building business connections and creating high added value
Tsukamoto: Building business connections and creating high added value are also paramount. An example of this is cross-selling, in which we provide products from our
suppliers and the venture companies we have invested in that boast next-generation technology to customers of FEI. Ogihara: Our Business Development Division, established within the Global Business Promotion Unit in June 2019,
is undertaking activities as the point of contact in charge of this. FEI customers have also expressed interest in a number of Kaga Electronics’ products and agency agreements have already been signed. In addition, we’ve displayed Kaga Electronics Group products at private exhibitions we hold at specific customer sites and these types of our PR activities as a Group have gained a popular response.
Tsukamoto: How is progress in the EMS business? I’ve said in the past that the key is for FEI to develop high-value-added business that incorporates the development services it excels at rather than follow Kaga Electronics.
Ogihara: We’re currently in talks with the EMS Business Division of Kaga Electronics, taking into account this point of view. Instead of mere contract manufacturing, we intend to develop EMS business that’s unique to FEI, leveraging the accumulated design, evaluation and analytical technologies of the Fujitsu Group to help resolve our customers’ manufacturing issues. We possess embedded technology based on know-how gained from the system-on-a-chip (SoC) and microcomputer sectors and short-range wireless technology required for the Internet of Things (IoT)-related devices as well as a group of engineers working hard on these technologies. This is a strength of FEI and one that can’t be found in other EMS companies. It’s also possible to incorporate technology from Fujitsu Group companies in areas that we can’t cover. Tsukamoto: I fully expect FEI to enhance its gross profit margin going forward by adding Kaga Electronics’ products and EMS business to the mix.
Ogihara: Following on from Japan in January 2019, we held kickoff events for EMS business in China in March, Europe in April and North America and the ASEAN region in May. We’ve started discussions to boost understanding of EMS business and determine how best to proceed with key staff from FEI’s overseas sales sites.
Tsukamoto: That’s because we aim to actively expand business to local customers overseas in addition to Japanese customers. In terms of global business, we’re very enthusiastic about the potential benefits we can gain from FEI’s track record and experience as well as its network of sales sites in Europe, the Americas and the Asia-Pacific region.
Ogihara: At FEI’s Corporate Headquarters, in April 2019, we established the EMS/ODM Business Department with a dedicated team to promote EMS business, and personnel there are working to secure business in conjunction with
the sales team. By June 30, we’d started business talks for more than 20 prospective projects worldwide. We’re leveraging our SoC products to expand into business for the circuit boards they’re embedded into and cultivate business among overseas sites.
Theme 3: Maximizing synergies
Ogihara: I’m truly surprised at the extent of Kaga Electronics’ business domains. If there’s a business opportunity in a field you have minimal knowledge in, you simply employ people that have the required expertise and go full steam ahead. It gives the impression that your company is full of active personnel with good managerial sense. By mixing with an organization that has a character different from ours, I hope we can produce an even higher level of vitality in our own people.
Tsukamoto: I’m definitely on the same page with your policy of taking a sincere approach to your customers and striving to be a company that they can rely on. I also admire the way you go about achieving this. I can see the similarities with our corporate philosophy, “Everything we do is for our customers.”
Ogihara: FEI has a history of more than 50 years selling semiconductors, and we enjoy exceptional connections that we’ve built up in dealings with market leading companies in the fields such as imaging, automotive and communications. The same applies to our overseas business, which accounts for 40% of our sales. Tsukamoto: One of the biggest reasons we wanted to bring FEI into the Group was the scale of your operations, with a customer base of 3,500 companies worldwide, a 33-site global network, around 220 overseas support staff and around 150 engineers. By tapping into this competitive advantage, the Kaga Electronics Group now commands one of the biggest business networks in the industry in Japan.
Ogihara: Moving ahead, we aim to generate synergies in all types of businesses without staying bound to our traditional fields by making the most of this strong network. Tsukamoto: On top of that, it’s vital that we help each employee grow and develop further. As a company, we view investment in people as a management priority, and we intend to create an environment in which everyone can maximize their potential. If employee thinking changes, the Company will change too. And profit will increase.
I can see the possibilities in FEI. I’m planning to keep up my frequent visits to FEI as well.
Integrated Report 2019 23

 Special Feature
3
New Business Introduction
 A series of businesses that resolve social issues
The Kaga Electronics Group is promoting the creation of new businesses based on a desire to resolve social issues in a range of fields, including daycare, welfare and nursing care, to drive sustainable growth. Through our businesses, we also aim to contribute to the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
       Healthcare Combined with the IoT
In daycare centers, nursery teachers check on the condition of each child every few minutes during naptime as part of safety measures. The IoT sensors that Kaga Electronics markets for children’s futons are placed directly under the mattress, and they detect and display in real time the state of a child’s breathing and heart rate during naps to assist nursery teachers with their checking duties. If a change is detected, notification is given via visual and audio alerts on the smartphone or tablet app, so that the child can be checked on immediately. This product helps to boost the safety of children during sleep as well as alleviate the psychological burden on the part of the teacher.
Work-Style Reform and Collaborative Investment
Securing labor has become a real social challenge in Japan. Despite this, there are many women who want to work yet are unable to because they cannot put their children in daycare. This has prompted the need to create a more accommodating work environment for women
during their child-rearing years. Kaga Electronics has invested in
mama square Co., Ltd., which develops and operates working spaces equipped with childcare facilities throughout Japan. We are reinforcing ties with mama square in fields such as facility layout and infrastructure creation. The working spaces run by mama square include an adjacent kids’ area where children can spend time safely, providing a reassuring work environment for mothers.
Cashless Settlement via Advanced Devices
Kaga Electronics teamed up with Netstars Co., Ltd. and the Japan Amusement Industry Association to develop a multi-payment settlement system using a smartphone for arcade amusement machines, a first in Japan. In the past, it was standard for coins to be used in amusement arcades, but the introduction of this system allows people to play games without cash using payment apps that employ a QR code or barcode.
Shifting to a cashless system leads to a reduction in expenses laid out to collect and manage money, which is a real benefit for amusement facilities that face a shortage of labor. A cashless system also provides an environment in which tourists visiting Japan can easily enjoy playing games.
“Watch-Over” System in an Aging Society
The number of people requiring nursing care continues to rise in Japan. Despite this, there is a shortage of care workers, exacerbating the burden on personnel in nursing homes.
The care support solutions provided by Kaga Electronics involve a 24-hour “watch-over” system for residents that utilizes sensors in the ceiling. The sensors detect when someone wakes or gets out of bed as well as when an incident occurs, such as a tumble over or abnormal breathing, and a notification is sent to the worker’s smartphone along with live images. Being able to check the state of the resident through the images allows an appropriate action and judgment on the spot, significantly enhancing operational efficiency. Facilities that have introduced the system have achieved an increase in work efficiency of around 30%.
Wearable Device and Support of People with Disabilities
The Kaga Electronics Group company Fujitsu Electronics manufactures and sells Ontenna, a user interface device that lets users sense sound with their bodies. The Ontenna device can be worn by users in their hair or on their shirt collar, for example, and it can convert sound vibration patterns from an audio source between approximately 60 and 90 dB to 256 levels of vibration and light strength. This means that people with hearing impairment can feel the rhythm, pattern and loudness of sounds. Application of the device is expected in such areas as sports and cultural events as well as schools for the hearing impaired. By providing this product, we aim to realize a future that both people with hearing impairments and those with ordinary hearing can enjoy together.
       24 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 25

Overview of FY2019/3 Results
Financial Highlights
Business Topics
Initiatives to Strengthen the EMS Business
Net sales (millions of yen)
Gross profit (millions of yen) Gross profit margin
33,648
Profit attributable to owners of the parent (millions of yen)
Net income per share (yen)
 292,779
Our Group company KAGA MICRO SOLUTION CO., LTD. is engaged in a wide array of work from the development, production and sale of electronic components to their repair, reuse and recycling. A new factory was completed for this company in Sukagawa City, Fukushima Prefecture, with operations getting underway in October 2019. The manufacturing functions of the Iida Factory (Nagano Prefecture) that closed down in 2018 and some of the functions of the Yamagata Factory (Yamagata Prefecture) will be transferred to the new factory to strengthen domestic manufacturing functions.
In addition, Kaga Electronics will acquire shares of Towada Pioneer Corporation, a manufacturing subsidiary of Pioneer Corporation, on October 1, 2019, and make it a Group company. In the growing automotive and medical fields, where the Company’s business is expanding, we will share Towada Pioneer’s tangible and intangible resources, including its extensive production track record, production facility designs, tool manufacturing and quality assurance systems. This is expected to contribute greatly to the growth of our EMS business.
These two sites described above will be positioned as mother factories in the EMS business, and by deepening their ties with other Group bases overseas such as in China and Thailand, we aim to promote overall
optimization, strengthening management structure and enhancing business efficiency.
Overseas, we have begun constructing a second factory in Thailand to bolster EMS production capacity in the ASEAN region in response to demand for increased production from existing customers and orders from new customers. This initiative was undertaken with a view to shifting production bases to countries near China to avoid the impact of trade friction between the United States and China, especially since there are concerns that this friction may be prolonged. We are making preparations that will enable us to deal with these needs at other sites as well.
In this way, we are taking a range of steps to strengthen the EMS business both in Japan and overseas.
 255,143 245,387 227,209 235,921
32,738
12.8%
31,225 32,498
35,546
8,014
6,490
  6,975
     13.8%
12.1%
5,437
292.07
  13.7% 13.7%
4,416
249.43 236.58
      2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3 2019/3
Return on equity (ROE)
2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3 2019/3
Cash flows from operating activities (millions of yen)
Free cash flow (millions of yen)
5,904 -1,547
-8,408 2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3 2019/3
156.28 192.43
2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3 2019/3
 2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3 2019/3
Net sales by segment and composition
2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3 2019/3
9,546 10,746 10,077 10,487
9,127
7,661 8,283
54.8%
Equity ratio
 7.8%
35.8%
10.9% 9.5% 10.9% 9.0%
46.6%
49.7% 52.4%
Conceptual drawing at completion of the Fukushima Factory
   Other
¥19,959 million 6.8%
Software
¥2,876 million 1.0%
Information equipment
¥44,344 million 15.1%
Electronic components
Net sales by region and composition
Europe Japan
¥9,903 million ¥180,306 million 3.4% 61.6%
Kaga Electronics established the “50-oku-en fund”
(¥5.0 billion fund) in commemoration of its 50th anniversary in 2018. Through investment in venture companies that conceive and develop unique technologies, products and business models, we are working to generate new business to support the future growth of the Group.
As an example, we invested in Spacelink Co., Ltd. in February 2019. This company engages in the development of next-generation electricity storage devices and high- precision positioning systems based on know-how in the development of space technology. Through the investment, we aim to accelerate the mass-production and development of “Green CapacitorTM,” an energy device advanced by Spacelink that enables high-capacity, rapid charging. If this product can be commercialized, its broad application will range from consumer electronics such as
mobile phones and wearable devices to industrial equipment such as robots and drones, and electric vehicles. Kaga Electronics plans to market these products by making effective use of its sales network.
Investment in Venture Companies to Commemorate our 50th Anniversary
   26 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 27
Net sales
¥292,779 million
2019/3
North America
¥13,078 million 4.5%
Net sales ¥292,779
¥225,598 million 77.1%
    Asia million
¥89,492 million 30.5%
2019/3
Green CapacitorTM by Spacelink

Overview of FY2019/3 Results
Outline of Business Segments
 Electronic components
 Business description
Development, manufacture and sale of semiconductors, general electronic components and other products, EMS, and other activities
Review of FY2019/3 performance
In the electronic components business, the EMS business maintained steady performance while Fujitsu Electronics was added to the Group as part of our components sales business.
As a result, net sales increased 31.0% year on year to ¥225,598 million and segment income was down 10.4% to ¥4,761 million.
   Net sales
(millions of yen)
172,248
77.1%
2019/3
Segment income
(millions of yen)
5,312 4,761
2018/3 2019/3
225,598
  2018/3 2019/3
  Net sales
(millions of yen)
2,568
1.0%
2019/3
Segment income
(millions of yen)
2,876
 247 2018/3 2019/3
172
 2018/3 2019/3
 Software
 Business description
Production of computer graphics, planning and development of amusement products, and other activities
Review of FY2019/3 performance
In the software business, orders for production of computer graphics animation and development of game software were robust. As a result, net sales increased 12.0% year on year to ¥2,876 million and segment income was up 43.5% to ¥247 million.
    Information equipment
 Business description
Sales of PCs, PC peripherals, home electric appliances, photograph and imaging products, original brand products, and other products
Review of FY2019/3 performance
In the information equipment business, delivery date adjustments by customers led to a decline in the home electric appliances sales business, while sales of PCs for corporations were also weak. As a result, net sales decreased 6.8% year on year to ¥44,344 million and segment income was down 13.4% to ¥1,906 million.
   Net sales
(millions of yen)
15.1%
2019/3
Segment income
47,582 44,344
(millions of yen)
2,202
1,906
  2018/3 2019/3
2018/3 2019/3
   Net sales
(millions of yen)
13,522
6.8%
2019/3
Segment income
(millions of yen)
490
308
2018/3 2019/3
19,959
  2018/3 2019/3
 Other
 Business description
Repair and supports for electronics equipment, manufacture and sales of amusement equipment, and sales of sports goods, and other activities
Review of FY2019/3 performance
In the other segment, sales of arcade amusement machines were strong while the recycling business for PCs and their peripherals also performed well. As a result, net sales increased 47.6% year on year to ¥19,959 million and segment income was up 59.0% to ¥490 million.
  28 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD. Integrated Report 2019 29

Corporate Governance
Directors and Auditors As of July 1, 2019
 Directors
Founder & CEO
Isao Tsukamoto
1967 Joined Sanko Electronics Co., Ltd.
1968 Founded Kaga Electronics (private management)
1968 Established Kaga Electronics Co., Ltd.
President 2007 Founder & CEO
President & COO Ryoichi Kado
1980 Joined Kaga Electronics Co., Ltd.
1991 General Manager of Sales Department No. 3,
Sales Headquarters
1995 Director, General Manager of East Japan Sales Department, High Tech Business Division
2002 Managing Director
2005 Senior Managing Director, Chief of Specific Industry
Business Headquarters 2012 Vice President
2014 President & COO
Senior Managing Director
Shintaro Kakei
1980 Joined ITOMAN Co., Ltd.
1993 Joined Kaga Electronics Co., Ltd.
2000 Division Director of Overseas Business Division, Electronics Business Headquarters
2000 Director
2005 Managing Director
2014 Senior Managing Director
Director
Motonori Toshinari
1982 Joined Kaga Electronics Co., Ltd.
1992 President of Kaga (H.K.) Electronics Limited
1998 President of Taxan USA Corp.
2004 General Manager of Overseas Sales Division, Overseas
Business Division, Electronics Business Headquarters
2010 President of Kaga (H.K.) Electronics Limited
2012 Executive Officer, Division Director of EMS Business Division and President of
Kaga (H.K.) Electronics Limited
2015 Director, Division Director of EMS Business Division
Director
Mitsuhiro Nohara
1982 Joined Kaga Electronics Co., Ltd.
1997 General Manager of Domestic Sales Department No. 1,
Sales Headquarters
2003 President of Kaga (Shanghai) Electronics Co., Ltd.
2004 President of Kaga Electronics (USA) Inc.
2011 Division Director of Electronics Business Division
2012 Executive Officer
Division Director of Electronics Business Division, and Division Director of
Special Sales Department
2015 Director, Division Director of Electronics Business Division
Outside Director Akira Tamura
1970 Joined the Bank of Japan
1978 Deputy Director of the International Finance
Bureau, Ministry of Finance
1998 Director of Information Systems Department,
the Bank of Japan
2008 Representative Director and Senior Executive Officer, Sohgo Security Services
Co., Ltd. (ALSOK)
2011 Advisor to Okigin Economic Research Institute (present position)
2012 Advisor to Niigata Sohgo Security Services Co., Ltd. (ALSOK) (present position)
2015 Director of the Company
Outside Director
Susumu Miyoshi
1963 Joined Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (currently Toyota Motor
Corporation)
2001 Executive Vice President and Representative Director
2002 President of Osaka Toyopet Co., Ltd. (currently Osaka
Toyota Motor Co., Ltd.)
2005 Advisor to Toyota Motor Corporation
Chairman of Osaka Toyopet Co., Ltd.
2009 Executive Advisor to Hitachi Maxell, Ltd. (currently Maxell
Holdings, Ltd.) (present position) 2015 Director of the Company
Outside Director
Noritomo Hashimoto
1977 Joined Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
2009 Director, Chairman of the Nomination Committee, Chairman
of the Compensation Committee, Executive Officer, and in charge of General Affairs, Human Resources and Public Relations
2012 Director, Chairman of the Nomination Committee, Chairman
of the Compensation Committee, Senior Vice President, and in charge of Corporate Strategic Planning and Operations of Associated Companies
2012 Director, Member of the Nomination Committee, Senior Vice President, and in charge of
Corporate Strategic Planning and
Operations of Associated Companies 2016 Director
2016 Advisor
2019 Director of the Company
    Senior Managing Director
Shinsuke Takahashi
1980 Joined Kaga Electronics Co., Ltd.
1991 General Manager of Specific Industry Sales Department
1995 Director
2002 Managing Director
2005 Senior Managing Director
    Managing Director
Eiji Kawamura
1979 Joined Kaga Electronics Co., Ltd.
1985 President of Taxan (U.K.) Ltd.
1993 General Manager of Overseas Sales Department, Sales
Headquarters No. 2
2005 Executive Officer
General Manager of Accounting Division and General Manager of Information Systems Department
2012 Executive Officer
Chief of Administration
Headquarters and General Manager of Accounting Division
2012 Director, Chief of Administration Headquarters
and General Manager of Accounting Division
2015 Managing Director, Chief of Administration Headquarters
Auditors
       30 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 31
Auditor (Full-time) Kazunori Kameda
Auditor (Full-time) Takahiro Ishii
Outside Auditor Susumu Kitsunai
Outside Auditor Yoichi Sato

Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance
Basic approach and structure of corporate governance
Outside officers
The Company has appointed three outside directors and two outside auditors. Based on the Tokyo Stock Exchange standards on independence, we appoint outside officers who do not have any special interests with the Company and that they have extensive experience and broad powers of judgment in corporate management. The auditors are also required to have highly specialized knowledge and maintain independence from management executives.
The Company has established a staff office of the Board of Directors, which distributes materials related
Attendance at Board of Directors and Board of Auditors meetings
  Kaga Electronics recognizes that enhancing corporate governance is a key management issue. The Company is creating a corporate governance system with
the fundamental policies and aims of ensuring total compliance with corporate ethics and laws and regulations, reinforcing internal control systems, and ensuring the soundness, efficiency and transparency of business operations.
Kaga Electronics adopts a system of corporate auditors and a corporate governance system based on collaborations between the Board of Directors, auditors and Board of Auditors, and the accounting auditor. The Board of Directors comprises 10 directors and four
auditors. In principle, the Board meets once a month and holds extraordinary meetings when necessary. The Board makes decisions on important matters related to items stipulated by laws and regulations and to management, and supervises the execution of duties by directors. Auditors regularly attend Board of Directors meetings and participate in other important internal meetings as part
of efforts to monitor and audit the business conditions
of the Company. Kaga Electronics has appointed three outside directors and four auditors (including two outside auditors) to ensure the effectiveness of the corporate governance system.
to matters of deliberation by the Board to all officers including outside officers, ahead of the meeting day. The staff office provides supplementary explanations to the outside officers when needed to ensure that adequate information is imparted in advance. This helps support lively debate at Board of Directors meetings. By the end of each fiscal year, the staff office sets the schedule for the regular Board of Directors meetings for the following fiscal year and notifies all officers including outside officers, as a means to improve attendance.
  Board of Directors meetings (held 16 times)
Board of Auditors meetings (held 18 times)
 Attendance (times)
Attendance rate (%)
Attendance (times)
Attendance rate (%)
 Outside Director
Susumu Miyoshi
Outside Director
Akira Tamura
Outside Auditor
Susumu Kitsunai
Outside Auditor
Yoichi Sato
Reasons for appointing new outside directors
Noritomo Hashimoto
Noritomo Hashimoto was elected as Outside Director because it was deemed he could reflect his extensive experience and broad views as corporate manager in the management of the Company from an
16 100.0
16100.0—— independent standpoint, thereby strengthening the
— —
     General Meeting of Shareholders
function of the Board of Directors.
           Board of Auditors 4 Auditors
External audit by audit company
12 100.0 13
12 100.0 13
100.0
100.0
 Note: The attendance rate of Outside Auditors Susumu Kitsunai and Yoichi Sato is calculated based on the Board of Directors meetings and Board of Auditors meetings following their appointment as auditors.
Remuneration system for officers
The Company’s basic policy is to structure its remuneration system so as to promote its sustainable growth and enhance medium- to long-term corporate value. In terms
of structure, directors’ remuneration comprises fixed remuneration, which is paid at a fixed amount, and performance-linked remuneration (bonus and long-term incentive in the form of restricted stock compensation), which is paid based on the business results of the relevant fiscal year. Performance-linked remuneration reflects annual performance evaluations based on evaluations according to the directors’ respective roles. Remuneration
   of non-executive directors, including outside directors, and auditors consists solely of fixed remuneration, which is paid at a fixed amount.
Remuneration of officers for the year ended March 31, 2019
     Allowance (millions of yen)
 Number of recipients
  Audit Office
Business Guidance Project
Directors
(of which, outside directors)
Auditors
(of which, outside auditors)
723 (20) 46 (10)
10 (2) 6 (2)
       *The Company has established the following committees under the CSR Promotion Committee.
1. Compliance Committee 2. Risk Management Committee 3. Information Disclosure Committee 4. Personal Information Management Committee
 CSR Promotion Committee
The Company has established a CSR Promotion Committee chaired by the President & COO, which promotes corporate social responsibility (CSR) alongside efforts to enhance corporate value. The Information Disclosure Committee, Risk Management Committee, Compliance Committee and Personal Information Management Committee have been established under
the CSR Promotion Committee. Each of these committees actively implements activities in their respective domains.
Audit Office
The Company has established an Audit Office to handle internal audits in conjunction with the auditors. The Audit Office discusses audit plans with the auditors in advance and regularly reports audit findings to the auditors. The Office also cooperates with the auditors as required, such as when requested for reports.
Dialog with shareholders and investors
32 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 33
CSR Promotion Committee*
Board of Directors 10 Directors
Founder & CEO
 President & COO
Management Meeting
 Directors Responsible for Operations, Internal Management
 Business Administration Department
Kaga Electronics has established an Investor Relations & Public Relations Office under the direct control of the President. The Office works to disclose information in
a timely manner through the Company’s website and
other means, and to enhance the quality and quantity of information. The Company also makes efforts to facilitate communication with shareholders and investors, which includes holding financial results briefings for analysts and institutional investors following announcement of interim and full-year financial results as well as actively holding company information sessions for individual investors.
An information meeting for individual investors
Note: The figures above include those for two outside auditors who retired at the closing of the 50th General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 28, 2018.
    
Corporate Governance
Internal Control / Compliance
Basic approach to internal control systems
Ensuring appropriate operations of Group companies
  The Kaga Electronics Group has established a fundamental policy for the creation of internal control systems in order to ensure compliance with corporate ethics and laws and regulations as well as the soundness, efficiency and transparency of management. Based on this policy, the Company is working to establish internal control systems and make sure that they are continually improved.
The Company has established Rules on Officers and Board of Directors Rules to ensure the proper execution of duties by directors and the Board of Directors.
The directors monitor the execution of duties of one another at regular and extraordinary meetings of the Board of Directors. The Company has also established Organization Rules, Rules on the Allocation of Work Duties, Rules on Work Authority and Rules on Internal Approval to clarify the scope of authority of each director.
Risk management system
Potential risks that the Group faces include a wide range of factors relating to economic conditions, exchange rates, country risks, price competition, product procurement capabilities, internal brand risks, legal regulation, market risks, major litigation, severance
pay obligations, personal information, accidents, the environment, and information management.
Divisions have been set up and risk control officers and managers appointed to each to deal with each risk in the Group as part of efforts to create the necessary,
Internal reporting system
The Kaga Electronics Group has established an internal reporting (whistleblowing) system concerning action that violates laws and regulations or the Articles of Incorporation. This allows employees to directly report such conduct to the Founder & CEO, President & COO, auditors, CSR Promotion Committee and Harassment Countermeasures Committee without having to go through anyone else. There is a system in place enabling reports to be made anonymously and through the use of a private comments box so that reporting individuals are not disadvantaged.
As a company adopting a system of corporate auditors, each auditor, including each outside auditor, conducts detailed audits on the execution of duties by directors.
In addition, the Company has formulated the Basic Compliance Rules, which serve as a code of conduct to ensure compliance with laws and regulations and the Articles of Incorporation as a means to enable proper execution of duties by employees of the Company and Group companies.
The Company has also established the CSR Promotion Committee chaired by the President & COO and set up the Information Disclosure Committee, Risk Management Committee, Compliance Committee and Personal Information Management Committee under its umbrella. Through these initiatives, the Company strives to ensure appropriate execution of business throughout the Group.
appropriate systems to manage risk. In the event that risk materializes, the division responsible for dealing with said risk will immediately adopt the necessary, appropriate response to minimize damage under the direction of the risk control officers and managers.
In addition, with the establishment of the Risk Management Committee under the CSR Promotion Committee, the Company has established a system to respond promptly and appropriately to risks foreseen by the Group.
The Company has established the Rules on Management of Affiliated Companies to ensure appropriate business operations at Group companies and executes controls based on these rules. In addition, it is an obligation that any coordination between Group companies as well as important matters are first discussed by the Company’s Management Meeting and Board of Directors before decisions are made. The Company’s Audit Office works
in collaboration with the Business Administration Department, which is the Company’s legal affairs division, to conduct audits primarily regarding the appropriateness
Information management
Kaga Electronics has established the Information Disclosure Committee under the CSR Promotion Committee to strengthen its information management system.
Additionally a Corporate Planning Department has been set up to manage information in an integrated manner from the Group’s subsidiaries and affiliated companies as a division under the direct control of
the President & COO in an effort to ensure timely and appropriate information disclosure throughout the Group.
of overall business activities throughout the Group as well as ensure compliance with laws and regulations and the Articles of Incorporation. The Office also provides guidance to make improvements in business activities.
Further, Group companies submit the minutes from
all Board of Directors meetings to the Company and
make monthly reports on business activities, status of budget implementation, and important matters relating to ensuring the appropriateness of business activities.
Information disclosure system
     Efforts toward the elimination of antisocial forces
In charge of PR and IR
Investor Relations & Public Relations Office
Report Report
Information disclosure ...Via TDnet, EDINET, Company website and through a press club
Board of Directors ...Approving authority ...Investigating authority
Confirmation
... In charge of managing information
Information Disclosure Committee
 Head of Administration Headquarters
Report
Report
disclosure (decision-making on important matters in accordance with rules on timely disclosure)
... In charge of managing information disclosure
... Department for deliberating on information disclosure
 General Affairs Department
 Corporate Planning Department
  Divisional subsidiaries (report and consult
on matters for disclosure)
  The basic approach of the Kaga Electronics Group is
not to maintain any relationships whatsoever with antisocial forces that threaten social order and safety and to maintain a resolute attitude regarding the
refusal of all improper demands from antisocial forces as set forth in its Fundamental Compliance Rules and Employment Rules. In cases where the Company receives improper demands from antisocial forces, the General
Affairs Department and CSR Promotion Committee collaborate and cooperate with crisis management advisors and company attorneys to make the required organizational response. The Company also holds regular discussions with the company attorneys, meets with police departments and other external specialized organizations, and participates in training and other activities in an effort to gather information.
  34 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 35
Online system for anonymous reporting
Private comments box
...

Corporate Governance
 Leveraging experience in corporate management
Since leaving the Bank of Japan, where I worked for many years, I have engaged in the management and business operations of private companies in a variety of fields. When I made the shift to the private sector, I contacted Kaga Electronics and conversed on several occasions with CEO Tsukamoto, who was the president at the time. During our talks, he asked if I was willing to use my years of management experience to assist with the management of Kaga Electronics, which led to my appointment as Outside Director in June 2015. I have built up experience in numerous fields, beginning with finance and including human resource policy, general business and crisis management, and as such, I make best use of my knowledge and expertise in supervising and offering advice to the Company.
To enhance the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
I recognize that the roles of directors are to manage and to monitor, and in doing so, ensuring that management is on the right track and appropriately managing risk.
At Board of Directors meetings for Kaga Electronics, the CEO and COO as well as other members conduct open-minded discussions and freely express their
opinions. Agenda items are debated from proactive and defensive points of view at all times, or in other words, from the perspectives of opportunities and risks. This means that items are not necessarily granted approval without further scrutiny. Accordingly, the Board of Directors is by no means a “sleeping board.”
In general, companies that do not respond quickly must inevitably deal with small issues each day that may lead to problems in management later on. Kaga Electronics has established a system that helps prevent these problems in advance, and in the event that an issue does arise, the Board of Directors and Management Meeting take decisive action to ascertain the cause, whether it be system-related or technology-related, and ensure that appropriate measures are taken to avoid reoccurrence. In addition, outside directors and outside auditors voice their opinions on financial and nonfinancial risk based on their own experience as part of efforts to minimize risk through multifaceted discussion, including standpoints that tend to get overlooked when the conversation involves only internal executives.
In this way, the Board of Directors at Kaga Electronics actively takes into consideration external opinions, demonstrating that it is operating in an appropriate
Message from Outside Director
Leveraging my many years of experience in corporate management to contribute to the growth of Kaga Electronics as a global enterprise.
Akira Tamura
Outside Director
manner. However, in consideration of future growth, I believe that it is necessary to enhance the diversity of the board, especially in terms of gender and by giving it a more international flavor, while maintaining a suitable balance in the number of members. The composition of the board ought to reflect business strategy more closely as well.
Information provision as the basis for improving effectiveness
I give my opinion on business management in light of the vision expressed by top management so that the Kaga Electronics Group heads in the direction it is aiming for, and the provision of information is an essential precondition for this to occur. This applies both to supervising and giving advice. In the case of Kaga Electronics, an explanation of agenda items is provided by the day prior to Board of Directors meetings, and the required information is shared to ensure understanding of the Company and its business, products and services. The opinions I offer and the questions I raise are then conveyed to the internal divisions in charge without fail, and time is set aside to answer any queries at the Board meeting.
In addition, I attend the Management Meetings and Investment Committee meetings held before and after Board meetings to deepen my understanding of the current state of the Group. I also regularly visit business sites and converse with general employees.
These opportunities not only aid in my understanding of the measures and initiatives being undertaken in each division but also provide an insight into the motivations of young employees as they carry out their work. The opportunities allow me to talk about my experiences and my philosophies as well. In this way, I can expand my sphere of activity, which helps me to see things that are otherwise hidden when focusing solely on explanations, reports and materials provided by managers. I also get a
good feeling of the extent to which the philosophies of top management are permeating the Group.
Fostering leaders of the next generation
One figure looms large as a feature of the Kaga Electronics Group’s history. CEO Tsukamoto founded
Kaga Electronics about 50 years ago literally from nothing and grew the business from its domestic roots into an international enterprise through a strong will and unrelenting hard work, which have resulted in the position the Company enjoys today. The CEO is a very charismatic person with great breadth of vision, foresightedness, and a sense of direction, but he is also a very attentive person and listens carefully to the opinions of others. He is by no means a dictatorial executive. He entrusts his COO and executives with what he ought to in his bid for sustainable growth.
Nonetheless, it is still important to continue laying a solid platform that fosters candidates to take over positions and serve as business executives with a view 10 and 20 years into the future of the Group. The next generation must carry on the spirit of dedication to the Company and the motivation for this business and take charge of management with a real sense of responsibility to achieve continued growth. I believe it is my mission to provide support from a range of aspects in making this a reality, and I fully intend to fulfill my role of providing suitable advice as Outside Director.
Permeating KAGAism and contributing to
corporate growth
A booklet on KAGAism, which epitomizes the Company’s management philosophy, includes the statement, “Make TAXAN effort to gain TAXAN profit, and become TAXAN happy (a play on words in the original Japanese, since takusan means ‘much,’ ‘large’ or ‘very’).” I am confident that the implementation of Kaga Electronics’ corporate philosophy, “Everything we do is for our customers,”
will lead to greater utilization of and advancement in electronics. I believe this will be of benefit to customers, the Company, myself and society in general. To accomplish this, it is essential for each employee to have feelings
of gratitude toward customers and to continue providing new value that meets their needs.
Speaking from experience, I know that there are many obstacles to face in work, both big and small, but I also know that the feeling of joy and achievement when these hindrances are overcome is huge and leads to the growth not only of oneself but also one’s colleagues, team and the Company as a whole. I intend to actively communicate this idea to employees of the Group and support its ongoing growth into the future.
Apr. 1970 June 1978
Jan. 1998
Apr. 1998 June 2001
Apr. 2008 July 2011
Apr. 2012 June 2015
Joined the Bank of Japan
Deputy Director of the International Finance Bureau, Ministry of Finance
Director of Information Systems Department, the Bank of Japan
Director of Information System Services Department
Managing Director, Sohgo Security Services Co., Ltd. (ALSOK)
Representative Director and Senior Executive Officer
Advisor to Okigin Economic Research Institute (present position)
Advisor to Niigata Sohgo Security Services Co., Ltd. (ALSOK) (present position)
Director of the Company (present position)
 36 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 37

CSR Management
Social Report
Together with our customers
The Kaga Electronics Group proposes and provides value-added products and services that swiftly meet changes in the times based on its corporate philosophy of “Everything we do is for our customers.” By doing so, we support the technological innovation and production streamlining of our customers worldwide.
Social Report
Together with our employees
The most important management resource for a trading company is undoubtedly its human resources. To drive sustainable growth, we promote the development of human resources and the creation of an environment that enables the execution of our action guideline FYT (pronounced “fight”). This guideline expresses our commitment to always be Flexible and to think and act Young when Trying to take on challenges.
   To deliver high-quality products and services
Quality control system
The Kaga Electronics Group established the Production Center in its EMS Business Division, thus enabling a system of quality control that centers on KAGA (SHENZHEN) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD., its flagship base for production activities. At the Center, we manage the entire Group’s resources as cross-functional capabilities in such areas as production technology and quality control, and promote the optimal distribution of resources and the strengthening of technological competencies on a global basis.
The Center also liaises with production sites in China as well as countries in the ASEAN region, Europe and North America to advance the standardization of production facilities and operations, and the sharing of information, for example to prevent the recurrence of issues. In addition, regular exchange meetings are held to reinforce quality on a Groupwide basis.
Implementing the idea that “everyone is a corporate manager”
Human resource strategy/Diversity management
  As our business activities become more global and the market environment undergoes abrupt change, diversity and taking on challenges are keys to driving sustainable growth. This is because diversity enables us to look at risk as an opportunity, and when we take on challenges we can take full advantage of these opportunities. To make this a reality, the Kaga Electronics Group promotes diversity management in terms of making effective use of diversity in human resources and in work style. At
the same time, we respect our human resources who continue to take on challenges and see each person as
a corporate manager. With this in mind, we will keep protecting our corporate culture of tolerating failure as a consequence of tackling challenges.
To create a safe work environment
Education and welfare program
At the Kaga Electronics Group, we support the career development of employees through training to new recruits, annual training, rank-based training and other forms of education, as well as by providing assistance with correspondence courses.
In addition, we grant refreshment leave every year to all employees, which is separate from normal paid leave. We have also established an accumulated leave system for the three major diseases (cancer, cerebral stroke and acute myocardial infarction) as compensation for hospitalization after contracting a serious disease and for missing work when recuperating, as well as hourly paid leave system. Further, we have established welfare facilities that include resorts in Japan and abroad, a contract golf course, a company getaway house and
a cruisers boat, with utilization rates at a high level. Through such initiatives as these, we aim to strike
a good work-life balance for a safer work environment for employees.
Number of employees (persons)/
Ratio of female employees (Consolidated)
  5,092
27.1%
2015/3
5,238
26.9%
2016/3
5,216
26.6%
2017/3
5,427
26.3%
2018/3
6,627
29.9%
2019/3
      Global exchange meeting between production bases
   Pursuing our philosophy of “Everything we do is for our customers”
Average length of service (years)/Job turnover rate
 Efforts to enhance quality
The Company’s Engineering Department handles the integrated management of technological resources for the entire Group, from planning and development to design, production and quality assurance, and works to optimize resources, strengthen technological capabilities and expand business across the organization.
The Quality Assurance Department, one of the bodies of the Engineering Department, drafts and implements measures to boost quality throughout the Group. The Department connects with quality control officers and suppliers to strengthen quality in the Group’s factories.
11.6
4.3%
2015/3
5.8%
12.4
2016/3
13.1
2.8%
2017/3
14.9
3.4%
2018/3
14.7
5.1%
2019/3
        A production factory overseas
1,807.5 10.1
1,807.5 9.3
1,815.0 9.2
1,822.5 9.7
2018/3
1,822.5 11.3
2019/3
■ Annual prescribed working hours (hours)/
■ Monthly average overtime work per employee (hours)
        Status of ISO 9001 certification
Kaga Electronics and the following Group companies have attained ISO 9000 series certification, an international standard for quality management. The Company is striving to further enhance customer satisfaction through continuous improvement of its quality management system.
Japan Overseas
KAGA ELECTRONICS CO., LTD., KAGA DEVICES CO., LTD., KAGA MICRO SOLUTION CO., LTD., KAGA TECHNOSERVICE CO., LTD.
KAGA TAXAN (SUZHOU) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD., KAGA (SHENZHEN) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD., KAGA ELECTRONICS (THAILAND) COMPANY LIMITED
     38 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 39
2015/3
2016/3
2017/3

CSR Management
Social Report
Together with the community
Cognizant of the importance of the social responsibility that ought to be addressed as a company, the Kaga Electronics Group contributes to sports promotion and to the local community through our business sites worldwide, and actively undertakes activities that help drive the advancement of education, art and culture.
Contributing to the local community
Social contribution activities
in Kanazawa, where it all began
Kanazawa City in Ishikawa Prefecture is the place that the Founder and CEO of Kaga Electronics Isao Tsukamoto was born and raised. With this as the background, the Company signed an agreement with Kanazawa City related to the promotion of regional revitalization and has been donating to a project aimed at driving revitalization of the local area through the Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games.
We are also taking steps to contribute to the community through such means as supporting the Kanazawa Marathon, which is open to the public, ever since its first event,
and employee participation in volunteer activities at a water station.
Social contribution activities at overseas sites
The Kaga Electronics Group, which conducts business activities around the world, takes on a variety of social contribution activities at overseas sites as well.
As an example, a production subsidiary in Mexico teams up with a local elementary school to undertake community-based activities that include a volunteer program to plant trees aimed at increasing greenery and making the air cleaner.
Education, art and culture related activities
Kaga Electronics supports the Kyogen-inspired opera “The Marriage of Figaro,” which is co-sponsored by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and Hamamatsu Jazz Week held in Hamamatsu City, Shizuoka Prefecture.
Isao Tsukamoto, the Company’s Founder & CEO,
     Sports promotion
Sponsorship of golf tournaments
The Kaga Electronics Group contributes to the promotion of golf, primarily through the sponsorship of golf tournaments. This includes special sponsorship of The Ladies Professional Golfers’ Association of Japan (LPGA)’s “LPGA Rookies Championship Kaga Electronics Cup” since 1996. Many of this tournament’s winners have gone on to do well on the LPGA tour, proving that it is a great gateway to success for young female professional golfers.
Contributing to the development of golf
Five professional golfers, both male and female, are
on the books at Kaga Electronics, including Eimi Koga, who signed on as a member of the Company in 2019. Contracted athletes take part in tournaments around the world wearing clothing and caps adorned with the Kaga Electronics logo, which plays a part in our PR strategy.
The Group company KAGA SPORTS CO., LTD. takes a multifaceted approach to business that includes the direct sale and wholesale of golf supplies at its own stores and the running of golf driving ranges and golf schools, which contributes to the development of the sports industry through golf.
Supporting the Kanazawa Marathon
   LPGA Rookies Championship Kaga Electronics Cup 2018
EricSugimoto SayakaTsuchida HirokoAzuma FumikaKawagishi EimiKoga Professional golfers sponsored by Kaga Electronics
Planting trees in Mexico
contributes to society in a wide range of fields related to education, the arts and culture, such as giving lectures to students as a specially appointed professor at the Faculty of Service Innovation, the Chiba University of Commerce.
             One of the Company’s golf schools
One of our golf driving ranges
One of our golf shops
Kyogen-inspired opera “The Marriage of Figaro”
Hamamatsu Jazz Week
Founder & CEO Isao Tsukamoto gives a lecture to students at the Chiba University of Commerce
40 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 41

CSR Management
Environmental Report
Together with the earth
The Kaga Electronics Group views the 21st century as the century for protection of the global environment and with this in mind conducts business activities based on an awareness of energy and resource conservation that include reducing CO2 and other greenhouse gases and verifying the environmental load of the products and services it handles.
Initiatives to reduce environmental burden
Reduction of CO2 emissions
The Kaga Electronics Head Office building employs an
air supply type double-skin* curtain wall on the exterior, allowing air to flow into the office, thus reducing heat load and providing natural ventilation. The energy efficient design also enhances sound insulation.
In addition, the building features a variety of environmental technologies, with the use of solar panels on the roof enabling eco energy and the installation of LED lighting throughout. These technologies serve to save energy and reduce CO2 emissions.
* Double-skin technology refers to a method of construction in which part or all of a building exterior is covered in glass.
PC product reuse and recycling business
The Kaga Electronics Group company KAGA MICRO SOLUTION CO., LTD. has flexibly changed and expanded business domain to meet a wide range of customer demands, from the development, production and sale of electronic products to their repair, maintenance, reuse and recycling. The company leverages know-how in the production of electronic equipment and an extensive procurement route for electronic parts and materials— both of which were accumulated in EMS business, a strength of the Group—to focus on a reuse and recycling business for PC products in recent years.
Although the number of reused units decreased in the year to March 2016 following unusually high demand the previous year, the figure rebounded gradually thereafter, and in the year to March 2019, actually increased by 34% year on year.
In addition to “reduce programs” that look especially
at cutting CO2 and rubbish, the Group will contribute to
a reduction in environmental burden from a reuse and recycling perspective and to the realization of a recycling- oriented society.
Power consumption and CO2 emissions at Head Office building
   Environmental policy
The Kaga Electronics Group looks to the future of electronics at all times, striving to meet customer needs as well as preserve and enhance the natural environment in order to protect our irreplaceable earth.
■1 The Kaga Electronics Group shall establish an environmental management system that involves all employees and promote ongoing improvement of this system to preserve the global environment and prevent pollution in all of our business activities to provide products and services.
■2 In executing our business activities, we shall strictly
adhere to environmental laws, regulations and related requirements as well as comply with all other requirements agreed upon by the Kaga Electronics Group.
■3 We shall strive to prevent pollution and enhance the environment through non-wasteful office and business activities based on a philosophy of conserving energy and resources.
Environmental management system
The Kaga Electronics Group established an environmental management system based on its Environmental Policy. With the system, environmental officers, ISO Secretariat, Environmental Promotion Committee and internal environmental auditors team up under the guidance of the president to conduct environmental management at Kaga
Environmental management system
■4 We shall set targets for the following requirements to the extent possible for the products and services that the Kaga Electronics Group handles and regularly review the progress of our activities.
• Must be comprised of environmentally friendly substances • Must be able to cut waste through reuse and recycling
• Must be designed with energy and resource conservation
in mind using the latest electronics technology
■5 We shall provide education to all employees to increase their awareness of the need for environmental protection and to ensure their understanding of our Environmental Policy.
■6 Our Environmental Policy shall be disseminated widely throughout society through such means as the Kaga Electronics Group website and corporate profile.
Electronics and its Group companies. In addition, we have attained ISO 14001 certification, an international standard for environmental management systems, at the Company and 20 sites at four Group companies in Japan. We are strengthening our system through a PDCA cycle.
377,990
706,423 764,780 335,618 267,028 289,087
744,417
281,388 2019/3
■ Power consumption (kWh)
999,973
887,877
■ CO2 emissions (kg CO2)
       2015/3
2016/3 2017/3 2018/3
  Repair work at KAGA MICRO SOLUTION
Number of PC products reused (Thousands)
102.0
 81.0
56.6
65.8
2017/3
76.0
       Founder & CEO
 President (COO)
   Environmental officers
Internal environmental auditors
• KAGA DEVICES • KAGA TECH • AD DEVICE
• Kaga Solution Network Co., Ltd. (SOLNET Company)
• EMS Business Division, Engineering Department, Specific Industry
Business Division, Electronics Business Division,
Communication Network Division, Strategic Customer Sales Division, Sales Promotion Division
  Environmental Manager Meeting
  ISO Secretariat
Administration Headquarters
• Business Administration Department, Information Systems Department, Personnel Department, Accounting Department, General Affairs Department, Corporate Planning Department, Audit Office, Investor Relations & Public Relations Office, Secretarial Office
  42 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 43
2015/3
2016/3
2018/3 2019/3
 
 Financial and Corporate Information
10-Year Financial Summary
Kaga Electronics Co., Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the Years Ended March 31
Fiscal year
Net sales (millions of yen)
Gross profit (millions of yen)
Operating income (millions of yen)
Ordinary income (millions of yen)
Profit attributable to owners of the parent (millions of yen) Cash flows from operating activities (millions of yen)
Cash flows from investing activities (millions of yen)
Free cash flow (millions of yen)
Cash flows from financing activities (millions of yen) Depreciation (millions of yen)
Capital expenditures/Investment and loans (millions of yen)
Fiscal year end
Total assets (millions of yen)
Net assets (millions of yen)
Equity (millions of yen)
Interest bearing debts (millions of yen) Cash and cash equivalents (millions of yen)
Per share data
EPS (yen)
Annual dividend (yen) Payout ratio (%)
BPS (yen)
Major indicators
Gross profit margin (%) *1
Operating income margin (%) *2
Ordinary income margin (%) *3
Profit attributable to owners of the parent margin (%) ROE (%) *4
ROA (%) *5
Equity ratio (%)
Debt equity ratio (times) *6
Inventories (millions of yen)
Inventory turnover period (days) *7
*1 Gross profit margin=Gross profit/Net sales × 100 (%)
*2 Operating income margin=Operating income/Net sales × 100 (%)
*3 Ordinary income margin=Ordinary income/Net sales × 100 (%)
*4 ROE=Profit attributable to owners of the parent/Average equity × 100 (%)
*5 ROA=Profit attributable to owners of the parent/Average total assets × 100 (%) *6 Debt equity ratio=Interest bearing debts/Equity (times)
*7 Inventory turnover period=Inventory/(Cost of sales/365) (days)
2010/3
239,391 28,237 1,582 1,280 -318 5,728 -3,040 2,687 -2,307 2,050 3,960
113,962 48,553 46,841 11,506 11,797
-11.55 30.00 – 1,697.27
11.8 0.7 0.5 -0.1 -0.7 -0.3 41.1 0.25 18,141 31.4
2011/3
237,811 30,512 3,423 3,598 1,768 6,321 -6,369 -47 478 1,578 6,536
114,599 48,512 46,848 13,450 11,796
64.07 30.00 46.8 1,697.55
12.8 1.4 1.5 0.7 3.8 1.5 40.9 0.29 19,519 34.4
2012/3
229,856 28,506 2,067 2,569 914 958 -2,645 -1,686 -242 2,181 2,999
114,714 47,936 46,410 14,349
9,695
33.13 30.00 90.5 1,681.73
12.4 0.9 1.1 0.4 2.0 0.8 40.5 0.31 21,554 39.1
2013/3
216,405 27,462 1,260 1,931 444 7,041 -4,910 2,131 -403 2,303 3,398
111,888 48,806 48,656 15,089 11,878
16.09 30.00 186.5
1,721.86
12.7 0.6 0.9 0.2 0.9 0.4 43.5 0.31 18,779 36.3
2014/3
257,852 32,522 5,106 5,847 3,877 3,334 -3,339 -5 1,024 2,418 4,087
126,028 52,825 52,786 17,244 13,361
137.22 35.00 25.5 1,868.07
12.6 2.0 2.3 1.5 7.6 3.3 41.9 0.33 21,219 34.4
2015/3
255,143 32,738 6,362 7,664 4,416 9,127 -1,465 7,661 -4,431 1,907 2,649
127,948 59,603 59,564 14,573 17,569
156.28 40.00 25.6 2,108.04
12.8 2.5 3.0 1.7 7.8 3.5 46.6 0.24 22,703 37.3
2016/3
245,387 33,648 7,788 7,908 5,437 9,546 -1,263 8,283 -3,067 1,604 2,166
124,281 61,808 61,764 12,739 21,879
192.43 55.00 28.6 2,185.94
13.7 3.2 3.2 2.2 9.0 4.3 49.7 0.21 19,175 33.1
2017/3
227,209 31,225 6,879 7,343 6,975 10,746 -258 10,487 -6,118 1,452 1,464
125,751 65,932 65,872
9,805 26,021
249.43 60.00 24.1 2,401.00
13.7 3.0 3.2 3.1 10.9 5.6 52.4 0.15 19,325 36.0
2018/3
235,921 32,498 8,119 8,740 6,490 10,077 -4,173 5,904 -2,811 1,481 4,520
128,755 70,631 70,556
8,900 28,879
236.58 70.00 29.6 2,571.79
13.8 3.4 3.7 2.8 9.5 5.1 54.8 0.13 19,455 34.9
2019/3
292,779 35,546 7,570 7,859 8,014 -1,547 -6,860 -8,408 11,684 1,740 6,426
213,761 84,259 76,604 32,851 32,231
292.07 80.00 27.4 2,790.97
12.1 2.6 2.7 2.7 10.9 4.7 35.8 0.43 40,026 40.7
44 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 45

Financial and Corporate Information
Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
Analysis of financial condition
Total assets as of March 31, 2019 increased by ¥85,005 million from the previous fiscal year-end to ¥213,761 million. Main items are as follows.
Current assets
Current assets increased by ¥78,326 million from the previous fiscal year-end to ¥182,396 million. This is largely due to an increase of ¥50,335 million in notes and accounts receivables — trade and an increase of ¥18,673 million in merchandise and finished goods, reflecting the significant impact of the conversion of Fujitsu Electronics to a subsidiary.
Non-current assets
Non-current assets increased by ¥6,678 million from the previous fiscal year-end to ¥31,364 million. This is mainly a result of an increase of ¥1,304 million in software.
Analysis of business performance
Guided by its corporate philosophy of “Everything we do is for our customers,” the Group in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 further expanded its overseas production bases in response to calls from customers, while in Japan, the Group focused its efforts on expansion of the EMS business including measures to enhance domestic production facilities and functions. In January 2019,
the Group solidified its foothold for further growth by converting Fujitsu Electronics to a subsidiary. As a result, net sales came to ¥292,779 million, an increase of 24.1% from the previous fiscal year, while ordinary income decreased by 10.1% from the previous fiscal year to ¥7,859 million. Net sales in Japan increased by 21.0% from the previous fiscal year to ¥180,306 million, and overseas net sales increased by 29.4% to
¥112,473 million.
Cost of sales, selling, general and administrative expenses
Cost of sales increased by ¥53,810 million from the previous fiscal year to ¥257,233 million. Ratio of cost
Total liabilities
Liabilities increased by ¥71,378 million from the previous fiscal year-end to ¥129,501 million. This is primarily attributed to an increase of ¥25,270 million in short-term loans payable due to procurement of funds notably for the purchase of Fujitsu Electronics shares, and an increase of ¥41,491 million in notes and accounts payable — trade.
Total net assets
Net assets increased by ¥13,627 million from the previous fiscal year-end to ¥84,259 million. This is primarily attributed to an increase of ¥6,113 million in retained earnings and an increase of ¥7,579 million in non- controlling interests resulting largely from the conversion of Fujitsu Electronics to a subsidiary.
of sales to net sales was 87.9%. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by ¥3,596 million from the previous fiscal year to ¥27,976 million. Increase in selling, general and administrative expenses is attributable primarily to an increase of upfront expenses for the start-up of new overseas factories.
Non-operating income and expenses
Non-operating income of ¥289 million (net) was recorded, a decrease of ¥331 million from the previous fiscal year. The decrease was mainly due to increase in foreign exchange losses.
Extraordinary income and loss
Extraordinary income of ¥2,403 million was recorded reflecting notably ¥2,164 million in gain on negative goodwill associated with the conversion of Fujitsu Electronics to a subsidiary. Extraordinary loss of
¥614 million was recorded, including ¥550 million in loss on valuation of investment securities.
Profit attributable to owners of the parent
As a result, profit before income taxes increased
by ¥349 million from the previous fiscal year to
¥9,649 million. After deducting income taxes — current, income taxes — deferred and profit attributable to non-controlling interests, profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by ¥1,523 million from the previous fiscal year to ¥8,014 million, a record high for the first time in 13 years, exceeding the ¥7,272 million recorded in the fiscal year ended March 2006.
Earnings per share increased by ¥55.49 from the previous fiscal year to ¥292.07.
Analysis of capital resources and cash liquidity
  Cash flows
The balance of cash and cash equivalents on a consolidated basis as of March 31, 2019 increased by ¥3,352 million from March 31, 2018 to ¥32,231 million. The status and factors thereof for each cash flow category in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 are as follows.
Cash flow from operating activities
Net cash and cash equivalents used in operating activities totaled ¥1,547 million. This was mainly due to a decrease of ¥6,746 million in notes and accounts payable — trade.
Cash flow from investing activities
Net cash and cash equivalents used in investing activities totaled ¥6,860 million. The decrease was mainly due to cash outflow of ¥3,027 million for purchases of property, plant and equipment.
Cash flow from financing activities
Net cash and cash equivalents provided by financing activities totaled ¥11,684 million. This was mainly due to an increase of ¥15,137 million in short-term loans payable.
Funding requirements
The main elements of working capital requirements
are operating expenses such as purchases of raw materials and components, manufacturing costs, and selling, general and administrative expenses. Funding requirements for investment purposes are largely in connection with capital expenditures and costs of M&As for acquisitions of new businesses and commercial rights.
Financial policy
With respect to procurement of short-term working capital, the basic stance is to work on achieving optimal capital efficiency within the Group before resorting to borrowings from financial institutions. With respect to procurement of funds for M&As, capital expenditures and long-term working capital, the basic stance is to conduct optimal procurement from among the various methods available extending from direct to indirect financing,
with due consideration given to financial condition at the time of procurement as well as to term and purpose of funding requirement.
 46 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 47

Financial and Corporate Information
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Kaga Electronics Co., Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries At March 31, 2019
ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS:
Cash and bank deposits
Notes and accounts receivable-trade Electronically recorded monetary claims Short-term investment securities Merchandise and finished goods
Work in process
Raw materials and supplies
Others
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total CURRENT ASSETS
NONCURRENT ASSETS:
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Buildings and structures Accumulated depreciation Buildings and structures, net
Machinery, equipment and vehicles Accumulated depreciation
Machinery, equipment and vehicles, net
Tools, furniture and fixtures Accumulated depreciation Tools, furniture and fixtures, net
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note) 2019
$ 315,376 866,252 48,308 2,357 303,938 4,410 52,278 53,104
(2,667) 1,643,361
85,024 (40,780) 44,243
74,481 (42,892) 31,589
46,129 (36,175)
9,954
43,799 5,660 135,248
2,340 16,397 1,139 19,878
90,867 11,648 7,845 8,574 13,172
(4,647) 127,462
282,588 1,925,949
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note)
    ¥
2018
30,803 45,809 4,032 295 15,060 575 3,818 3,807
(133) 104,069
8,102 (3,232) 4,870
6,315 (3,731) 2,583
3,556 (2,846)
2019
¥ 35,003 96,145 5,361 261 33,734 489 5,802 5,894
(296) 182,396
9,436 (4,526) 4,910
8,266 (4,760) 3,506
5,119 (4,015) 1,104
4,861 628 15,011
259 1,819 126 2,206
10,085 1,292 870 951 1,462
(515) 14,147
31,364 213,761
LIABILITIES
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
Notes and accounts payable-trade Short-term loans payable Accrued expenses
Income taxes payable
Provision for directors' bonuses Others
Total CURRENT LIABILITIES
NONCURRENT LIABILITIES:
Long-term loans payable
Deferred tax liabilities
Provision for directors' retirement benefits Net defined benefit liabilities
Asset retirement obligations Others
Total NONCURRENT LIABILITIES Total LIABILITIES
NET ASSETS: SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Capital stock Capital surplus Retained earnings Treasury stock
Total SHAREHOLDERS’EQUITY
ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Changes in the fair value of available-for-sale securities Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustment Remeasurements of defined benefit obligations
Total ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Non-controlling interests Total NET ASSETS
Total LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS
¥ 36,392 5,385 3,711 901 247 3,068 49,707
3,161 1,276 1,264 1,737
175
800 8,416
58,123
12,133 13,853 45,183
(2,042) 69,127
1,504 (16)
148 (208)
1,428
75 70,631
¥ 128,755
¥ 77,884 30,656 5,307 1,147 105 6,239 121,340
1,882 1,300 94 1,997 280 2,606 8,161
129,501
12,133 13,865 51,297
(2,024) 75,272
1,018 2 527
(215) 1,332
7,654 84,259
213,761
$ 701,726 276,209 47,816 10,340 953 56,212 1,093,257
16,960 11,715 852 17,995 2,525 23,481 73,530
1,166,788
109,321 124,927 462,177
(18,236) 678,189
9,173 19 4,748
(1,939) 12,001
68,969 759,160
$ 1,925,949
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen
2018 2019 2019
 709 Land 4,036
Construction in progress
Total PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
INTANGIBLE ASSETS Goodwill
10 12,210
317 515 46 878
8,688 530 657 943 1,363
(587) 11,595
24,685 128,755
Software Others
Total INTANGIBLE ASSETS
INVESTMENTS AND OTHER ASSETS: Investment securities
Deferred tax assets
Guarantee deposits
Insurance funds
Others
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total INVESTMENTS AND OTHER ASSETS Total NONCURRENT ASSETS
Total ASSETS
¥
48 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 49
¥
¥
$
Note :The translations of Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan and have been made at the rate of ¥110.99 to $1, the rate of exchange at March 31, 2019.

Financial and Corporate Information
Consolidated Statement of Income and
Comprehensive Income
Kaga Electronics Co., Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the Year Ended March 31, 2019
Net sales Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income
NON-OPERATING INCOME Interest income
Dividend income Commission fee
Foreign exchange gains House rent income
Others
Total NON-OPERATING INCOME
NON-OPERATING EXPENSES
Interest expenses
Share of loss of entities accounted for using equity method
Foreign exchange losses
Others 32
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note) 2019
$ 2,637,894 2,317,627 320,267
252,059 68,207
1,568 1,580 1,890
- 962 3,150 9,151
1,806 1,748 1,601 1,385 6,542
70,817
154 1,941 19,500 - 63 21,658
144 281 25 4,960 54 73 5,539
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note) 2019
Total NON-OPERATING EXPENSES Ordinary income
EXTRAORDINARY INCOME
Gain on sales of property, plant and equipment Gain on sales of investment securities
Gain on negative goodwill
Gain on sales of shares of subsidiaries
Gain on transfer of business
Total EXTRAORDINARY INCOME
EXTRAORDINARY LOSS
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment
Impairment loss
Loss on sales of investment securities
Loss on valuation of investment securities
Loss on valuation of golf club membership
Others 5
Total EXTRAORDINARY LOSS ¥ 541
50 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 51
2018
¥ 235,921 203,423 32,498
24,379 8,119
124 119 279
44
99 228 896
2019
¥ 292,779 257,233 35,546
27,976 7,570
174 175 209
- 106 349 1,015
      200
     194
     177
     153
     726
7,859
17 215 2,164 - 7 2,403
16 31 2 550 6 8 ¥ 614
2018
2019
Millions of Yen
Millions of Yen
    132 111 -
¥ ¥
$ $
275 8,740
28 591 - 467 12 1,101
¥
7 228 24 269 6
$
Income before income taxes
Income taxes-current Income taxes-deferred
Total income taxes Net income
Profit attributable to owners of the parent Profit attributable to non-controlling interests
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Changes in the fair value of available-for-sale securities Deferred gains or losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Remeasurements of defined benefit obligations, net of tax Share of other comprehensive income of entities accounted for
using equity method
Total OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to: Owners of the parent Non-controlling interests
¥
9,300
1,840 952 2,792 6,507
6,490 16
345 (16) (273) (17)
-
37 6,544
6,528 16
¥
9,649
1,477 120 1,597 8,051
8,014 37
(489) 18
307 9
(49) (203)
7,848
7,801 47
$
86,936
13,307 1,085 14,393 72,543
72,208 335
(4,411) 165 2,774 86
(444) (1,829)
70,713
70,287 426
Note :The translations of Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan and have been made at the rate of ¥110.99 to $1, the rate of exchange at March 31, 2019.

Financial and Corporate Information
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Kaga Electronics Co., Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries For the Year Ended March 31, 2019
NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES Income before income taxes
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment loss
Amortization of goodwill
Increase (Decrease) in net defined benefit liability
Increase (Decrease) in provision for directors' retirement benefits Increase (Decrease) in provision for directors' bonuses (Decrease) Increase in allowance for doubtful accounts
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Share of profit of entities accounted for using equity method Gain on sales of shares of subsidiaries
Gain on sales of property, plant and equipment
Loss on retirement of property, plant and equipment
Gain on sales of investment securities
Loss on valuation of investment securities
Gain on negative goodwill
Decrease (Increase) in notes and accounts receivable-trade Increase in inventories
Decrease in notes and accounts payable-trade
Decrease (Increase) in accounts receivable-other
Increase in accrued expenses
(Increase) Decrease in advance payments
Increase in consumption taxes refund receivable
Increase in other current assets
(Decrease) Increase in other current liabilities
Others, net
Subtotal Interest and dividend income received
Interest expenses paid Income taxes paid Others, net
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note)
2019
$ 86,936 15,678 281 767
(524) (41) (1,443)
486 (3,162)
1,806 1,748 -
(91) 144
(1,915) 4,960
(19,500) (10,380) (19,331) (60,782)
(1,868) 4,977 2,635
(21) (1,728)
2,489 1,222 3,343 3,151 (1,709)
(18,728) 3
(13,940)
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note)
2019
$ (23,979) 17,522
(27,281) 1,005
(3,788) (26,829)
5,182 (2,578)
52 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 53
2018
9,300 1,481 228 88 40 41 43
(85) (244)
132
111 (467) (23)
7 (567)
269 - 2,076
(226) (1,101)
1,087 338
(135) (163) (88) (362) (47)
11,734 242
(130) (1,770)
2 ¥ 10,077
2019
¥ 9,649 1,740 31 85
(58) (4) (160)
53 (351)
200 194 -
(10) 16
(212) 550
(2,164) (1,152) (2,145) (6,746)
(207) 552 292
(2) (191)
276 135 371 349 (189)
(2,078) 0
(1,547)
NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES Payments for time deposits
Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment Purchase of intangible assets
Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of investment securities
Purchase of shares of subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation
Proceeds from sales of shares of subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation
Payments of short-term loans receivable
Collection of short-term loans receivable
Purchase of insurance funds
Proceeds from cancellation of insurance funds Payments for guarantee deposits
Proceeds from collection of guarantee deposits Other payments
Other proceeds
Net cash used in investing activities
NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES Increase in short-term loans payable Repayment of long-term loans payable Purchase of treasury stock
Cash dividends paid
Payments from changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in change in scope of consolidation
Others, net
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities
Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents Net increase in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents-beginning balance
Cash and cash equivalents-ending balance
2018
(2,773) 1,158 (1,678)
87 (360) (2,481)
1,331 -
2019
¥ (2,661) 1,944
(3,027) 111
(420) (2,977)
575 (286 )
  ¥
¥
¥
$
(1) (2) 1 3
(15) (13) 14 10 (58) (29)
136 25 (74) (125)
36 12 (4,173) (6,860)
825 15,137 (1,641) (1,269) (2) (1) (1,780) (2,054)
(58) -
(153) (127) (2,811) 11,684
(234) 75 2,857 3,352 26,021 28,879 28,879 ¥ 32,231
(22) 27
(119) 97
(261) 229
(1,129) 111
(61,814)
136,385 (11,435) (10) (18,511)
-
(1,151) 105,277
681 30,203 260,197 290,401
¥
$
Note :The translations of Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan and have been made at the rate of ¥110.99 to $1, the rate of exchange at March 31, 2019.
504 - -

Financial and Corporate Information
Corporate Information As of March 31, 2019
Company overview
Major affiliates overseas
            Name
Address
Tel
Fax
Business description
Founded
Capital
Number of
Group companies
KAGA ELECTRONICS CO., LTD.
20 Kanda Metsunagacho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 101-8629, Japan
+81-3-5657-0111
+81-3-3254-7131
Sale of electronic parts and semiconductors, EMS*, and sale of finished products such as PCs and PC peripherals, etc.
* Electronics manufacturing services: Provision of product development and
manufacturing services on a contract basis
September 12, 1968
¥12,133 million
55 (16 in Japan, 36 overseas and three accounted for by the equity method)
China
KAGA (SHENZHEN) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD.
Asia
KAGA ELECTRONICS (THAILAND) COMPANY LIMITED
KAGA TAXAN (SUZHOU) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD.
North America
KAGA ELECTRONICS (USA) INC.
KAGA (SHANGHAI) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD.
TAXAN MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V.
KAGA (H.K.) ELECTRONICS LIMITED
Europe
KD TEC s.r.o.
Asia
KAGA COMPONENTS (MALAYSIA) SDN.BHD.
Fujitsu Electronics Europe GmbH
                                                                       Board members As of June 27, 2019
Executive Officers
As of June 27, 2019
Founder & CEO
President & COO
Senior Managing Director Senior Managing Director Managing Director
Director Director
Outside Director Outside Director Outside Director Auditor (Full-time) Auditor (Full-time) Outside Auditor Outside Auditor
Isao Tsukamoto Ryoichi Kado Shinsuke Takahashi Shintaro Kakei
Eiji Kawamura
Chief of Administration Headquarters
Motonori Toshinari
Division Director of EMS Business Division
Mitsuhiro Nohara
Division Director of Electronics Business Division
Shoji Seki Hiroki Suzuki
Takeshi Tsukamoto
Takao Okabe Mitsuhito Ikeda Hiroaki Maruyama
Kazuhira Watanabe
Takahiro Urazawa Hironaga Nagasaka Yasuhiro Ishihara
Katsutoshi Suzuki Satoshi Eguchi
President of KAGA SPORTS CO., LTD.
Division Director of Specific Industry Business Division
Director and Senior Executive Officer of Fujitsu Electronics Inc.
Supervisor of China Headquarters
President of KAGA SOLUTION NETWORK CO., LTD.
Deputy Division Director of Administration Headquarters
Division Director of Communication Network Sales Division
President of DIGITAL MEDIA LAB., INC. Supervisor of ASEAN Headquarters
Director and Managing Executive Officer of Fujitsu Electronics Inc.
Division Director of Sales Promotion Division and President of KAGA (KOREA) ELECTRONICS CO., LTD.
President of KAGA MICRO SOLUTION CO., LTD.
KAGA SPORTS CO., LTD.
Manufacture, wholesale and sale of sporting goods, etc.
KAGA AMUSEMENT CO., LTD.
Sale of electronic parts and electronic equipment, etc.
KAGA TECHNOSERVICE CO., LTD.
Electrical and communication facilities installation, interior work, etc.
Stock information
Total number of shares authorized
Total number of shares outstanding
Number of shares constituting one unit
Number of shareholders
80,000,000 shares
28,702,118 shares
100 shares
6,135
Principal shareholders
SANKYO CO., LTD. OKOZE CO., LTD.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
MUFG Bank, Ltd.
Kaga Electronics Employee Shareowners Association
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
Isao Tsukamoto
Oki Electric Industry Co., Ltd.
NORTHERN TRUST CO.(AVFC) RE IEDU UCITS CLIENTS NON LENDING 15 PCT TREATY ACCOUNT
3,824 13.93 1,840 6.70
1,346 4.90 1,212 4.42 1,117 4.07
986 3.59
950 3.46 733 2.67 526 1.92
505 1.84
   Name
Number of shares held (thousand shares)
Percentage of total shares issued (%)
                                Susumu Miyoshi Akira Tamura Noritomo Hashimoto Kazunori Kameda Takahiro Ishii Susumu Kitsunai Yoichi Sato
Breakdown by type of shareholder
                              Major affiliates in Japan
Fujitsu Electronics Inc.
Sale of electronic parts and electronic equipment, etc.
KAGA TECH CO., LTD.
Sale of electronic parts and electronic equipment, etc.
KAGA DEVICES CO., LTD.
Sale of electronic parts and electronic equipment, etc.
KAGA SOLUTION NETWORK CO., LTD.
Development, design, construction and maintenance of computer network systems, etc.
AD DEVICE CO., LTD.
Financial Instruments Business Operators
0.53%
152,331 shares
(34)
Foreign Corporations 18.60% 5,338,568 shares (158)
Financial Institutions
Total number of shareholders 6,135 28,702,118
shares
Individuals
25.10%
7,204,181 shares (5,796)
Other Japanese Corporations
            Sale of electronic parts and electronic equipment, etc.
KAGA MICRO SOLUTION CO., LTD.
Development, manufacture and sale of PCs and PC peripherals, etc.
DIGITAL MEDIA LAB., INC.
Planning, development and sale of computer graphics
26.59% 29.18% 7,632,979 shares 8,374,059 shares (29) (118)
Notes: 1. 2. 3. 4.
The number of shares held have been rounded down to the nearest thousand shares.
In addition to the above, there are 1,252 thousand shares of treasury stock.
Percentage of total shares issued is calculated after excluding treasury stock.
The number of shares held by Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account) and The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) are the sums of the number of shares held by the trust business of each bank.
 54 KAGA ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD.
Integrated Report 2019 55
