Human Resource Initiatives
The source of corporate value creation lies in the full participation of every employee. As measures designed to utilize a diverse range of human resources, the Sanwa Group promotes the active role of women, culti- vates global competence, mobilizes senior workers, and employs those with disabilities. These measures develop human resources that can drive growth and maximize the capabilities of the organization. Policy
The Sanwa Group creates new value that contributes to the resolution of customer and social issues by nurturing an organizational culture that respects and embraces the diversity of each employee. In addition, the Group focuses on the development of human resources capable of creating value by enhancing systems and work environments that enable employees to maximize their capabilities.
Human Resource Development
Sanwa Shutter Corporation introduced a new training system called the “Sanwa Professional Human Resources Training Plan.” Through job rotations over the course of two years, this system provides new college graduates who entered the company in fiscal 2019 with the opportunity to learn about the Company’s core operations of sales, installation, factory work, and design. The goal of this system is to ensure closer cooperation between production, sales, and engineer- ing, as well as to train human resources that can make decisions through a comprehensive, optimized field of view.
Moreover, the Sanwa Holdings Corporation Global Human Resource Planning Division takes the lead in cultivating global com- petence, and works to increase the speed of training based on the two educational pillars of overseas practical training and e-learning.
During fiscal 2018, 12 managers from Group companies in China, Hong Kong, and Vietnam were invited to Japan to participate in the Asia Group Company Manager Training program, which educates participants on the Sanwa Group Mission, Values, and PDCA, among others. This program spreads Sanwa Group’s DNA throughout the Asian Region while promoting the localization of the Asian business.
Asia Group Company Manager Training
Work-Life Balance Initiatives
Along with appropriately managing working hours and reforming long working hours, the Sanwa Group also introduced a telecom- muting scheme on a trial basis to promote a balance between find- ing fulfillment in work and a
Promoting Diversity
Sanwa Shutter Corporation is committed to enhancing and expand- ing systems that embrace and ensure the participation of a diverse range of employees, including women. This commitment includes introducing paid vacation in hourly units, extending the reduced working hour system for childcare (up to the sixth year of elementary school), and introducing a partial paid leave scheme for childcare (five days). In addition, the Group mobilizes senior employees and recruits and supports sports athletes.
   Comments from One Man Who
Has Taken Child Care Leave
Being our second child, I decided to take five days of childcare leave because I wanted to relieve some of the burden on my wife. I spent a ful- filling five days helping my wife and her parents feed and play outside with our oldest son, as well as change our youngest son’s diapers and put him to sleep. I am very grateful to my managers and col- leagues for warmly embracing my decision to take childcare leave.
Sanwa Shutter Corporation Akita General Sales Office Kento Haba
       rich, fulfilling life among all its employees. The Group designs these systems under the assump- tion that they will be used by those in different situations, not only women currently raising children, and is also investigating the further expansion of these.
Telecommuting Has Been Well-received by Female Employees Currently Raising Children
Securing and Training Installation Technicians
Sanwa Shutter Corporation strives to improve installation quality and related skills by offering various training programs to more than 1,000 installation technicians every year at the Installation Training Center, a dedicated training facility. Some of these programs include welding training and product installation qualification training.
In addition, the Group utilizes practical skill training videos at safe- ty meetings and training sessions throughout Japan as a means of horizontally deploying inspection skills and expertise. Winners of the “Fire Prevention Equipment Regular Inspection Skill Contest” who achieved outstanding results appear in these videos for this purpose.
Practical Skill Training Video Being Played at a Safety Meeting
 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 47