The Sanwa Group is committed to conducting business activities under its mission of providing safety, security and convenience to further contribute to the prosperity of society. Aside from the obvious of providing product safety, ensuring a safe working environment for employees, a major asset of the Sanwa Group, is also a critical issue. The Group promotes safety education and on-site improvements at all factories and installation sites. Policy
As a company engaged in manufacturing, the Sanwa Group recognizes that ensuring the health and safety of employees is fundamental to our sustainability and our responsibility as a Company. Thus, the Group does its utmost to create a work environment that takes mental and physical wellbeing into consideration based on the notion that this is the responsibility of the company.
Manufacturing Site Initiatives
The Sanwa Group works to raise safety awareness and strengthen its management system in line with its annual health and safety action plan as a means of eliminating occupational accidents. A safety note- book covering matters related to safety such as safety-related laws, risk prediction activities and training, and safe operation guidelines has been translated into six languages (English, Chinese, Spanish, Portuguese, Vietnamese and Indonesian) for the Group’s foreign workers, which have been increasing in number in recent years.
In addition, the Sanwa Shutter Corporation Shizuoka Plant has introduced work-assistance suits for the purpose of reducing the physical burden on the backs of its workers that handle doors. The Group will continue to strive towards improving the work environ- ment and work efficiency in aims of reducing the burden on its diverse range of workers, including women and the elderly.
Installation Site Initiatives
The Sanwa Group takes steps to prevent and eliminate occupational accidents through regular, continuous safety education at installation sites. Similarly, during safety-related meetings throughout Japan the Group also holds presentations regarding actions that can be taken to prevent accidents. These presentations are made by those who have been involved in occupational accidents.
In addition, installation managers provide “Job dispatch training” to all installation technicians using “ Job dispatch card” These cards provide advanced instructions regarding the site conditions and rules for the purpose of eliminating occupational accidents and accidents where installation is at fault as a result of insufficient information provided beforehand and insufficient planning.
Shanghai Baosteel-Sanwa Door sends dedicated supervisors involved in the safety of the company to randomly selected installation sites to check the clothing of installation technicians and the on-site facilities.
    48
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Safety Notebook Is Available in Six Languages
Work-assistance Suit
Job Dispatch Card
Shanghai Baosteel-Sanwa Door Safety Supervisor Checks the Installation
of the Electrical Earthing for a Switchboard