Quality Initiatives
Enhancing quality management for products and pursuing safety is the primary responsibility of manufac- turers. The Sanwa Group undertakes initiatives to improve product safety, installation quality, service, and traceability for the purpose of preventing the recurrence of product-related accidents. By striving to improve quality and safety in these ways, the Group secures the trust and satisfaction of its customers around the world.
  Policy
The Sanwa Group works to improve quality and safety, the primary responsibilities of a manufacturer, in all processes from development to sales, production, installation and maintenance.
Further Improving Product Quality
The Sanwa Group promotes measures aimed at achieving the quality targets set by each company. Group companies in Japan confirm the progress towards these targets during the Quality, Environment and CSR Promotion Council, held once every six months.
Sanwa Shutter Corporation holds product quality and safety meet- ings every month in order to prevent the recurrence of complaints and product-related accidents. Meanwhile, the Purchasing Department directly visits suppliers for head office purchases to monitor quality and propose improvements. In particular, the Group is strengthening its supply chain quality management framework, for example by making annual visits to suppliers that handle door open- ers and other core functional components.
Overhead Door Corporation works to ensure quality by employing quality managers that provide training and guidance to pre-shipment inspectors and by implementing other measures related to quality improvements. Meanwhile, Novoferm (Germany) shares the response history for quality-related problems at each company within the Group in working to improve the overall level of quality.
Novoferm (Shanghai) has established a quality management framework in which three dedicated quality inspectors check dimen- sions and perform an external checks on the attachment of clasps and paintwork.
ODC Quality Manager Novoferm (Shanghai) Dedicated Quality Inspector
“Safety Pledge Day” Initiative
The Group has designated March 26, the date of a fatal revolving door accident in 2004 at Roppongi Hills Mori Tower in Roppongi, Tokyo, as “Safety Pledge Day.” On this date, everyone involved with the Sanwa Group thinks about and renews their commitment to safety. To ensure the lessons of this tragic accident are not forgotten, as well as for use in safety education and training inside and outside of the company, the revolving door involved in this incident has been preserved in working condition.
Revolving Door Preserved in Working Condition
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
Towards Enhancing Customer Satisfaction
Sanwa Shutter Corporation implements various initiatives to enhance customer satisfaction, including operating a 24-hour-a-day, 365-day- a-year service and repair request receiving system called FTS (Full Time Service) throughout Japan as
 part of its efforts to create an envi- ronment in which customers can use its products with safety, securi- ty and convenience. At the same time, the Company utilizes feed- back received by the Customer Center to improve sales office response and to develop new products.
Sanwa Shutter Corporation Customer Center
Overhead Door Corporation strives to continuously improve rela- tions with distributors by reflecting feedback from periodic dialogue and information sharing back into new product development and the improvement of product quality.
Novoferm (Germany) conducts customer surveys every year, where higher levels of quality connect to greater customer satisfaction. The Company is also working to further expand its scope of business and build its brand by establishing the image of “Easy to do business with Novoferm.”
Novoferm (Germany) Customer Satisfaction Survey (1: Very good to 5: Unsatisfactory)
                  INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 49