Creating Values through ESG
Corporate Governance
To work for continuous growth and improvement in its corporate value and to contribute to the sustainable development of society, Sanwa Holdings Corporation positions corpo- rate governance, which forms its foundation, as an important management issue.
  Policy
The Sanwa Group works to create a more highly transparent and sound management system in order to continually enhance corporate value through the realization of our management vision.
Basic Approach to Corporate Governance
As a global access systems company that is developing business in 25 countries and regions in North America, Europe and Asia as well as in Japan, Sanwa Holdings Corporation achieves busi- ness growth through good faith and fair business activities on the basis of the Company’s “Mission,” “Our Values,” “Principles of Business” and “Compliance Code of Conduct” while aiming to instill “two kinds of reliability” (reliable business performance and reliable management). Continuing to grow and improve corporate value, the Company will also contribute to the sustainable development of society while positioning cor- porate governance, which forms its foundation, as an important management issue.
Corporate Governance Highlights
9 (3) 3 (2)
NTimeline of Corporate Governance Reforms
The Company’s Second Three-Year Plan of Sanwa Global Vision 2020, our long-term management vision, was launched in 2016, the year the Company marked the 60th anniversary of its establishment. In that same year, we transitioned to a com- pany with an Audit & Supervisory Committee structure under the Companies Act with the aim of further strengthening cor- porate governance to build a corporate structure trusted by society and befitting of a major global enterprise. In the years to come, we will maintain a system to ensure the appropriateness of operations, while striving to enhance corporate governance and build highly transparent group management.
100% (100%) 10 100% (100%)L Number of Directors
(of whom are outside directors)
L Number of Board of Directors Meetings
8
L Attendance Rate at Board of Directors Meetings (of whom are outside directors)L Number of Audit & Supervisory Committee Members (of whom are outside directors)
L Number of Audit & Supervisory Committee Meetings
L Attendance Rate at Audit & Supervisory Committee Meetings (of whom are outside directors)2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019                 Separation of Management and Execution
Enhancement of Supervision and Auditing Functions
Enhancement of Decision-Making Functions
 Transition to a company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee
 Adopted holding company systemAdopted executive officer system (From 2000)
                  One outside director
 Three outside directors One outside Audit & Supervisory Board member
         Established Group Strategy Committee
Two outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
 Established Management ConferenceEstablished Domestic Business/Overseas Business PDCA Council (Regional PDCA Councils)
                                                                                                       50 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Corporate Governance Structure
The details of specific measures to enhance our business execution and supervisory functions are set out below. By adopting this sys- tem, we believe that we can establish a system to ensure the appropriateness of operations and enhance corporate governance.
Establishment of Management Conference in accordance with delegation of business to director (CEO)
In accordance with the transition to a company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee structure in 2016, from the perspective of speeding up management decisions a director (CEO) was entrusted to make “significant decisions concerning business execution,” excluding matters prescribed by law. Consequently, set up as an advisory body to the delegated director (CEO), a Management Conference deliberates and reports on important management issues, assists the CEO in making decisions and strengthening the flexibility of business execution. Discussing (i) matters concerning important business execution decisions delegated by the Board of Directors to the CEO, (ii) matters deemed necessary by the director (CEO) from among the Board of Directors’ meeting agenda items, and (iii) other important, management-related matters deemed necessary by the director (CEO), the Management Conference works in conjunction with the Board of Directors in the making of quick and efficient management decisions.
Detailed supervision/audits of business execution by Group and Regional PDCA Councils
Group and Regional PDCA Councils consist of directors who are not Audit & Supervisory Committee members, directors serving as full-time Audit & Supervisory Committee members and senior management such as executive officers. At the councils, which convene on a quarterly basis, directors oversee the progress of management plans and provide guidance on management issues, while the directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee mem- bers audit the status of business execution by executive officers.
Group CSR Promotion Council
To enable the Group to carry out CSR activities, such as ESG, risk management, and compliance, in an integrated manner, a Group
CSR Promotion Council has been established, chaired by the exec- utive officer in charge of the Corporate Planning Unit at Sanwa Holdings. Convening four times a year, deliberating and reporting on the status of themes that include Group-wide CSR policies and ESG initiatives, Group-wide risk assessment and countermeasures as well as compliance measures, the Group CSR Promotion Council works to improve and avoid damage to corporate value. Further- more, each Group company has a CSR Promotion Committee in place that plans and promotes activities that are integrated with the workplace and works to promote CSR activities.
Status of Compliance with the
Corporate Governance Code
We are responding to the principles prescribed in the Corporate Governance Code of the Tokyo Stock Exchange. However, the following principle is not implemented for the following reason set out below.
Principles Not Implemented and Reasons
(Principle 4-10-1: Establishment of an Independent, Voluntary Advisory Committee)
Each of the Company’s directors is working to actively stimulate deliberations by the Board. Independent outside directors engage in lively discussions, stating their opinions based on their advanced insight, specialized knowledge and global expe- rience. The Board receives appropriate recommendations from our independent outside directors. The Audit & Supervisory Committee (comprising three members, two of whom are inde- pendent outside directors) verifies the candidates for director and director compensation and other matters discussed at meetings of the Board of Directors and, at times, expresses its opinion as part of a framework that aims to strengthen the independence, objectivity and accountability of the Board of Directors. To enhance objectivity and transparency going for- ward, we will conduct multi-faceted investigations into the option of establishing a voluntary advisory committee.
NThe Sanwa Group’s Corporate Governance Structure
General Meeting of Shareholders
Directors Appointment/Dismissal Propose/Report Report/Present opinion Appointment/Dismissal Report
Accounting audit
   Accounting audit report
  Board of Directors
Independent Auditors
  Audit/Report
Audit & Supervisory Committee
Cooperation
 Select/Audit Authority for important business execution decisions
  Consult
Supervise and guide business units
Report (Advise)/Discuss/ Propose
Group PDCA Council
Representative Director, Chairman & CEO
Representative Director, President & COO
Refer/Report
Audit
Consult Advise
Management Conference
Cooperation
   Report/ Assist
Audit
Cooperation
        Partial transfer of
authority and Report
responsibility
Executive Officers
Lead and super-
vise operations Report
Report
Dept.
 Regional PDCA councils
   Group CSR Promotion Council
   Report
Promotion/Support
Promotion/Support Promote and support business execution
Report
Divisions
Internal audit
    Group Companies
            SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 51

Creating Values through ESG
Corporate Governance
Establishment of Corporate Governance Guidelines (Established July 1, 2019)
Established to fulfill our responsibilities to all our shareholders, these guidelines clarify the Company’s basic approach to corpo- rate governance. We clarify what the Company specifically has to address to achieve sustainable growth and increases in cor- porate value over the medium to long term.
Please see the section “Corporate Governance Guidelines” posted on our website.
URL: https://www.sanwa-hldgs.co.jp/english/csr/effort/governance/ officer.html
Group Governance
The Company strives to strengthen governance of the Group by transferring authority to each Group company as deemed appropriate, and verifying the implementation status of the PDCA cycle for measures designed to heighten the “two kinds of reliability” (reliable business performance and reliable man- agement) through the Regional PDCA Councils presided over by the director in charge of that region.
Each Group company autonomously manages itself as an independent enterprise and fulfills management responsibilities by complying with laws and internal regulations and rules. In addition, the director in charge of each region oversees the business decisions and the status of business execution of each company, providing guidance for improving the transparency of business management. This process ensures and promotes proper operations of the Group.
NGroup Governance System
System Ensuring Appropriate Duties Across Group Companies
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
The Sanwa Group shall ensure that each Group company is fully aware of our mission, our values, our principles of business and our Compliance Code of Conduct to enable the appropriateness of operations in light of optimal benefit for the Group while respecting the autonomous and independent management and responsibilities of each entity. The Group shall promote whole- some and efficient corporate group activities through a Group- wide compliance system, quality assurance system and risk management system, etc.
Sanwa Group companies are managed autonomously as inde- pendent companies and fulfill their management responsibilities in compliance with laws and internal regulations and rules. To ensure and promote the appropriateness of operations, the direc- tor responsible for each Group company monitors the operational decisions and status of business execution at each company, pro- vides guidance, issues recommendations and reports to the Board of Directors to improve business management transparency. Regional PDCA Council meetings and other meetings are held to formulate management policy, management targets and yearly business plans based on pertinent two-way discussions with each group company.
An executive officer or employee of the Company or an executive officer or employee appointed by the Company takes on a posi- tion as director or Audit & Supervisory Board member at each group company to ensure the legality and effectiveness of man- agement.
The Sanwa Group requires Group companies to seek preliminary consultation or approval on certain matters concerning business execution, as well as to submit follow-up reports, in accordance with the Group Company Management Regulations and the standards of respective regulating authorities for companies in Europe, the United States and Asia.
   Plan
Action
Do
Plan
Europe
Novoferm Group Companies in Europe
Regional PDCA Council
China / Asia
China Asia
Do
Check
Check
Action
Sanwa Holdings
Corporate Planning Unit/ Global Business Unit
Group PDCA Council
Group CSR Promotion Council
Action
Check
Check
North America Plan
Regional PDCA Council Do
Japan Action
                Chinese companies
 Regional PDCA Council
 Asian companies
 Regional PDCA Council
 52 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Do
Regional PDCA Council Plan
Overhead Door Corporation
 Business Divisions in North America
 Sanwa Shutter Corporation
 Domestic Group Companies

Result of Evaluations of Board of Directors’
Effectiveness (Overview)
The Company has been conducting a questionnaire on the effec- tiveness of the Board of Directors at the conclusion of Board of Directors’ meetings since the end of fiscal 2017. In the same year, we obtained responses from all directors, and at the first Board meeting in fiscal 2018 they analyzed and evaluated effectiveness based on the response results. As a result, although there were issues raised, we evaluated that our Board of Directors is func- tioning effectively. In fiscal 2018, we worked on the “early advance distribution of Board meeting materials” for the purpose of enhancing discussion. Having received evaluations saying that we could improve, we decided to continue the evaluations and newly provide other information and improve the secretariat sys- tem. An overview of the results for fiscal 2018 appears below.
Evaluation Process
Evaluation Method: Compilation of questionnaire results, implementation of comparative aggregation with previous year The results of the questionnaire were reported at a Board of Directors’ meeting and, based on the response results, the eval- uation with regard to the Board’s effectiveness was confirmed. (Content that could be evaluated)
• As regards management of Board of Directors’ meeting proceed- ings, lively discussions are taking place
• Sufficient time is being given for discussion
Initiatives arising from fiscal 2017 results
• Improved with regard to early distribution of materials for Board
meetings
(Points to be improved)
• Sufficient provision of information other than Board of Directors’
meeting materials
• Improvement of secretariat system
(Other opinions expressed)
There were opinions given on the establishment of a voluntary com- mittee on nomination and compensation and increasing diversity on the Board of Directors.
Based on the above results, we will continue to maintain and enhance the effectiveness of a Board of Directors best suited to the Company.
Policy for Selection of Outside Directors
We appoint outside directors based on our overall judgment of a number of considerations using information such as candidates’ career histories and the relationship of their previous employers with the Company. Judgment criteria include whether there are any issues regarding their independence from the Company, and whether the candidates are qualified to perform the monitoring and supervision functions that the Company requires of outside directors based on their personality, insight and background.
Independence Criteria for Outside Directors
The Company stipulates independence criteria for outside offi- cers. For details, please see the Company’s website.
URL: http://www.sanwa-hldgs.co.jp/english/csr/effort/governance/ pdf/Independence_Criteria_for_Outside_Officers.pdf
The Company decided to retain Mr. Yasuda as a director because of his contribution to further strengthening the Board of Directors. Mr. Yasuda is able to provide keen insight based on his wealth of experience and many years as a global corporate manager and involvement in corporate management as an outside officer.
Mr. Yonezawa has been involved in corporate management for many years as a company manager, and has global experience and in depth understanding of management and economics. On that basis, the Company believes he can provide appropriate advice and recommendations from an independent standpoint regarding the Company’s management in general. He was thus deemed qualified as an outside director serving as an Audit & Supervisory Committee member
Mr. Gokita has many years of experience as a prosecutor and lawyer, and has applied his extensive experience and knowledge as a legal professional to the management of the Company. He has thus been selected as an outside director to serve as a member of the Audit & Supervisory Committee.
   End of Fiscal 2017 After conclusion of Board of Directors’ meeting
• Handing out of ques- tionnaire on Board of Directors’ effectiveness
Fiscal 2018
First Board of Directors’ meeting
• Analysis and evaluation
of effectiveness based on the response results
Board of Directors’ Evaluation Implementation Guidelines
Subjects of evaluation: All nine fiscal 2018 directors Implementation method: Anonymous survey (freedom to express own opinions)
Question content: 22 questions in all, related to the degree of deliberation at Board of Directors’ meetings, the status of ensuring the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, the status of the Board of Directors’ management, and the self-evaluation of Company and outside directors
NReasons for Appointment of Outside Directors
Makoto Yasuda Number of
Board of Directors meetings attended: 8
Tsunekatsu
Yonezawa
Number of Board of Directors meetings attended: 8
Number of Audit & Supervisory Committee meetings attended: 10
Akira Gokita Number of Board of Directors meetings attended: 8
Number of Audit & Supervisory Committee meetings attended: 10
Improvements Made
• Early advance distribu- tion of Board meeting materials
    End of Fiscal 2018 After conclusion of Board of Directors’ meeting
• Conducted question- naire based on previous year’s results (22 ques- tions in all)
Fiscal 2019
First Board of Directors’ meeting
• Analysis and evaluation
of effectiveness based on comparative aggre- gation with previous year and response results
Areas in Need of Improvement
• Sufficient provision of
information other than Board of Directors’ meeting materials
• Improvement of secre- tariat system
          Name
Audit & Supervisory Committee member
Independent outside director
Supplementary Explanation
Reasons for Selection
                 q
Until 2017, Mr. Yasuda received compensation as a member of the Company’s Independent Committee for Takeover Defense, but the amount of compensation did not exceed ¥1 million per year. The Company thus determined that he meets the independence criteria for outside directors and has no conflict of interest with ordinary shareholders. In addition, the Independent Committee for Takeover Defense was dissolved due to the abolition of anti-takeover measures, and the above compensation has not been paid to Mr. Yasuda since 2017.
                    q
q
Mr. Yonezawa is a former employee of Marubeni-Itochu Steel Inc. (MISI), which has a business relationship with the Group. The Group and the MISI Group have transactions involving the Sanwa Group’s purchase of raw materials and the sale of Sanwa Group products. However, the amount of transactions between the Sanwa Group and the MISI Group accounted for less than 1% of the Sanwa Group’s and the MISI Group’s annual consolidated net sales in each of the past three fiscal years. Therefore, the Company determined that Mr. Yonezawa satisfies the independence criteria for the Company’s outside directors and has no conflict of interest with ordinary shareholders.
                        q
q
The Company had a legal consultation agreement with Mr. Gokita until December 2015, but the contract has since been terminated. For the duration of the agreement, the monthly legal fees paid to Mr. Gokita were ¥100,000 (there was no payment for compensation outside of the advisory agreement). Therefore, the Company determined that Mr. Gokita meets the independence criteria for the Company’s outside directors and has no conflict of interest with ordinary shareholders.
                     SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 53

Creating Values through ESG
Corporate Governance
Compensation of Directors
Matters related to the policy regarding the determination of the amounts of director compensation and their calculation meth- ods are as follows.
Policies for Determining the Compensation and
Amounts of Compensation of Directors and
Audit & Supervisory Committee Members
With regard to the compensation of directors (excluding direc- tors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members), a director delegated by the Board of Directors (Representative Director and Chairman [CEO] Toshitaka Takayama) determines the compensation for each director (stock options are deter- mined by the Board of Directors) based on the policies below, which are set by the Board of Directors. (Stock options, most recently implemented in June 2018, are determined by the Board of Directors.) The Company does not currently have a vol- untary compensation committee, but the Audit & Supervisory Committee has the authority to verify and form opinions, from policy decisions with regard to compensation to the amounts decided, thereby ensuring objectivity and transparency. The pol- icy for determining compensation for directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members will be determined based on the following policy, in consultation with directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members.
Policies for Determining Compensation of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Committee Members
L Basic Concept of Compensation for Directors Compensation of directors and Audit & Supervisory Committee members is intended to contribute to continual improvement of the Company’s business performance and corporate value. The Company designs its compensation system so that the level and structure of compensation are in accordance with the roles and responsibilities required of the Company’s directors and Audit & Supervisory Committee members, and enable the recruitment and retention of well-qualified people.
L Compensation of Directors
(1) Compensation of directors (excluding directors serving as Audit &
Supervisory Committee members)
The compensation of directors consists of base compensation, performance-linked variable compensation, and stock options.
NOverview of Compensation (Fiscal 2018)
Directors (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members and outside directors)
Directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members (excluding outside directors)
Outside directors (excluding Audit & Supervisory Committee members)
Outside directors (Audit & Supervisory Committee members)
The compensation of outside directors, however, consists only of base compensation. The total amounts of base compensation and performance-linked variable compensation shall be within the limits of the total compensation determined by the General Meeting of Shareholders. The total amount of stock options shall be within the limit for stock options, also determined by the General Meeting of Shareholders.
(2) Compensation of directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members
Comprises only base compensation, the total amount of which shall be within the limit for the amount of compensation deter- mined by the General Meeting of Shareholders.
(3) Base compensation
The basic compensation for each director (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members) is set for each position based on consolidated performance with reference to the compensation levels of other companies presented by a specialized outside organization. The compensation for each director serving as an Audit & Supervisory Committee member is determined by discussion among the Directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members, also with reference to the com- pensation levels of other companies presented by a specialized outside organization.
(4) Performance-linked compensation
For performance-linked compensation, a standard amount is set for each executive position based on the Company’s consolidated business results with reference to the compensation levels of other companies presented by a specialized outside organization. The standard amount of this type of compensation is determined by taking into account standard amount indicators and the levels of contribution of each executive director, evaluated quantitatively and qualitatively. As far as serving as a reward that functions as a sound incentive for sustainable growth that reflects the Company’s business performance is concerned, consolidated operating income has been selected as the primary indicator of performance-linked compensation, the amount of which is calculated on that indicator basis following the Company’s set standards.
(5) Stock options
Stock options are provided to further raise the incentive of direc- tors (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members and non-executive directors) to increase the Company’s corporate value by sharing not only the benefits from stock price increases but also the risk of stock price declines with shareholders. The number of stock options allotted to each direc- tor (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members and non-executive directors) is decided by the Board of Directors, taking the director’s duties into consideration.
380 214 131 34 4
33 33 — — 1
10 10 — — 1
40 40 — — 2
 Classification
 Total Compensation (Millions of yen)
 Total Compensation by Type (Millions of yen)
Number of Officers Eligible
    Base Compensation
  Performance-Linked Compensation
      Stock Options
                                                            (Notes) 1. The amount paid to directors does not include the portion of employee’s salary for those directors who concurrently serve as employees.
2. The compensation limit for directors (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members) is ¥680 million per year (as approved at the 81st Ordinary General Meeting
of Shareholders held on June 28, 2016). For performance-linked compensation, consolidated operating income has been adopted as the main indicator to provide incentives that enable
sustainable growth based on the consolidated performance of the Company as a whole.
3. Separately from (2) above, the compensation limit for director stock options (excluding outside directors and directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members) is within ¥60
million per year (as approved at the 81st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 28, 2016).
4. The compensation limit for directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members is ¥100 million per year (as approved at the 81st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held
on June 28, 2016).
5. Stock options are in the amount recorded in the current fiscal year related to stock acquisition rights granted as stock options.
54 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019

Strategic Shareholdings
Strategic shareholdings are shares of business partners that the Company holds to build good business relationships with them and improve its corporate value from a medium- to long-term perspective through the smooth promotion of business. The rationality of strategic shareholdings is compared and verified by the Board of Directors for the holding benefits (dividends received + business transaction benefits) and capital cost against the acquisition price (current weighted average cost of capital [WACC] = 6%) for each share. As occasion demands, the Company considers selling stocks for which there is insuffi- cient rationale while regularly scrutinizing the benefits of all such shareholdings and determining whether they remain appropriate.
Investment stocks held for purposes other than net invest- ment totaled 46 shares, worth ¥12,396 million (as of the end of March 2019).
Internal Controls System
In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, the Company passed a resolution on its “Basic Policy for Building an Internal Control System” at a Board of Directors’ meeting and is appropriately establishing an internal control system based on that basic policy. Passed by resolution at the Board of Directors’ meeting held on March 27, 2019, the basic policy has been par-
Dialogue with Shareholders and Investors
To increase the transparency of its corporate activities, the Group will endeavor to achieve sustainable growth and increase corporate value by disclosing information in a timely and appro- priate manner and reflecting dialogue with shareholders and investors in management.
tially revised, as a strengthening measure for the prevention of misconduct. Also, every year, we check the execution status of the internal control system and report the results to the Board of Directors and, via business reports, to shareholders. We will continue to strengthen corporate governance by making improvements.
Functions as Corporate Pension Asset Owner
With regard to the pension management system, we estab- lished the Sanwa Shutter Corporate Pension Fund. In addition to a full-time managing director, management is undertaken by directors and representatives selected from each Group compa- ny. The management of the reserve fund is based on manage- ment guidelines established by the corporate pension fund, and important matters, such as decisions on asset allocation policy and recipients entrusted with assets, are resolved by a board of representatives using external consultants. The fund is managed and controlled in an appropriate manner to prevent conflicts of interest between pension beneficiaries and the Company. We carry out stewardship activities that can be implemented as cor- porate pension funds, such as the assigning of employees famil- iar with the practical side of the business to the full-time director, the Board of Trustees requiring that each investment institution entrusted with assets fulfills its stewardship responsi- bilities, and the receiving of reports on the results.
Individual Investor Briefings
For the purpose of deepening their understanding of the Company, we hold company briefings for individual investors. At these events we provide easily understood explanations of the business and future prospects.
Recognition
In Institutional Investor magazine’s 2019 All-Japan Executive Team Rankings (best Japanese companies for IR ranking), Sanwa Holdings ranked third in the Most Honored Companies category in the construction sector, and ranked second in the Best IR Program Combined category.
Number of Total of 229 Individual Meetings
Number at which director present 65 Fiscal 2018
71
 L Exercise Ratio of Voting Rights at
84th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders
L Number of Explanatory Sessions for Institutional Investors and Analysis
L IR meetingsFiscal 2018
2L Overseas Roadshows
L Number of Explanatory Sessions for Individual Investors
L Tours of Plants for Institutional Investors(held on June 26, 2019)
88.62%
Fiscal 2018
In each of the United States, Europe and Asia
1
Fiscal 2018SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 55