Creating Values through ESG
Risk Management and Compliance
Risk Management
NImplementing Risk Management
 The Sanwa Group ensures stable business management by implementing a Group-wide risk management system Policy and working to predict and prevent potential risks, as well as by responding appropriately to risks as required for
business continuity.
 Promoting Risk Management for the Sanwa Group
Based on its risk management regulations, the Sanwa Group identi- fies, analyzes, and evaluates business execution-related risks as well as undertakes measures required to avoid and/or mitigate risks. As a organization dedicated to promoting risk management, the Group CSR Promotion Council reports and deliberates on the Sanwa Group’s basic risk management policies, risk management-related plans, and the progress of initiatives. In addition, the subordinate Quality, Environment and CSR Promotion Council and each Group company’s CSR Promotion Council manage risks by appropriately and rapidly responding to risks that occur during the course of each company’s business activities.
Select risks with a high level of importance (Plan) Plan and implement countermeasures (Do) Monitor (Check)
Correct and improve (Action)
This cycle is repeated annually to identify and reevaluate risks.
 Identify risks at each company (Plan)
 Establishment of the Information Security Countermeasures Council
In June 2019, we established the Information Security Countermeasures Council chaired by the executive officer in charge of the Corporate Planning Unit in order to enhance and promote security countermeasures during emergencies. The Information Security Countermeasures Council identifies securi- ty risks Group-wide (including overseas operations); investi- gates, formulates and implements various measures to maintain and increase security levels; and aims to formulate security mea- sures based on the latest information received mainly from external organizations. In addition, we have established the
NSanwa Group Information Management System
24-hour telephone/email hotline Virus 110 as a concrete securi- ty measure, distributed security goods to raise awareness of information security, and plan to conduct e-learning-based training programs.
 Going forward, we will work to further enhance information security counter- measures through multilay- ered initiatives in both hard and soft areas.
そのメール大丈夫?
不審なメールを受け取った際は、 開封せずに SAN-Q 内の
ウイルス 110 番にメールし電話する。 万が一、開いてしまったら、 LAN、LTE をすぐに抜いて電話する!
ウイルス110番まで
Sticker calling attention to suspicious emails
 Sanwa Holdings Board of Directors
  Sanwa Holdings Representative DirectorAudit Department
 Sanwa Holdings General Affairs Department
Information Security Countermeasures CouncilChair: Executive officer in charge of the Corporate Planning Unit
Summarizes and responds to Group company issues and problems
    Sanwa Shutter Information System Department
Sanwa Holdings Global Business Unit
Secretariat:
Sanwa Holdings General Affairs Department
Risk Management Group
      Domestic operating companies
* Each company’s administrative departments promote information management
56 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2019