Value Creation Infrastructure (Society)
Enhancing Quality of Products and Services
At Epson, we define quality as the degree to which our products and services match customer needs. Quality assurance, moreover, is how we continue to make and offer products and services that delight customers and win their trust. Epson works as a team to win customers’trust at every point of contact we have with them and throughout the life cycle of each product.
Vision for Mid-Range CS & Quality Initiatives
Epson implements CS & quality programs in line with its Mid-Range CS & Quality Action Policy, which is based on its Quality Policy and that stipulates its vision for creating products and services that please customers and earn their trust.
Planning and Design Initiatives
Epson product planning seeks to meet customer expectations by sending our design engineers on personal visits to hear their thoughts and needs first-hand. They also analyze feedback received by our information center.
Initiatives for Improving Quality
To continue providing product and service quality that exceeds customer expectations and achieve the Epson 25 Corporate Vision, Epson envisions how each function should be in respect to quality. We then narrow down the challenges each business and organization needs to address to get to that ideal and work to overcome them.
    Category
Functions
GoalsProduct development value chain
Planning and design
1 Plan products, services meeting customer expectations
Design
2 Secure design quality to achieve plan intent
Process design, mass production prep, mass production
3 Secure process quality to achieve plan & design intent and maintain production quality
Sales
4 Provide service and support that reassure customersFoundations
Compliance and product safety
5 Secure product safety and ensure legal compliance
Human resources
6 Ascertain the root of problems and secure personnel who can deal with them
Systems
7 Have systems that constantly innovate quality   CS & Quality Vision (Creating Customer Value)
Case Studies
Resolving issues refilling ink in high-capacity ink tank printersIssue
Ink could stain user’s hands when removing protective seal or tipping the bottleIssue
The bottle had to be squeezed about 50 times in the roughly two minutes it took to refill a tank.Issue
Filling a tank with
the wrong color of ink
Ink tank
   We seek to achieve the goals of the Epson 25 Corporate Vision by raising the quality of work in all operations, demonstrating teamwork and collective strength, and providing products and services that exceed customer expectations.
1. Ours is a customer-centric process in which we listen to customer expectations and react by designing our products and services to accurately reflect them.
2. We continuously improve the quality of our operations in response to changes in society and customers.
  Collect feedback
Create value
Create
Customer information/ resources
Solution
We eliminated the protective seal and replaced it with an airtight bottle cap and a slotted valve near the tip of the nozzle to prevent ink from dripping.
Sales Initiatives
Solution
Ink bottles and printer ink filling holes were redesigned to enable easy filling. Users simply have to insert a bottle nozzle into an ink tank and wait about 40 seconds for the tank to fill. Filling automatically stops when a tank is full.
Solution
The ink bottles have a tip that is uniquely shaped for each color and can only be inserted in a tank of the same color.
Ink bottles act like a key that fits only the correct ink tank
    Deliver
Products/ services
Deliver value
Customers
Produce
Customer value
  Promotion Framework
Quality Assurance Program Organization
The president of Seiko Epson Corporation heads up our quality assurance program. A Quality Assurance Council, committees, and project teams solve shared issues and serious problems. In addition, we manage our quality assurance programs by periodically assessing and reviewing the state of quality and the progress of actions, reporting the results to the president, and formulating and implementing policies for further improvement.
Collaboration, instructions & reports
In case of accident in a product owned by a customer, the local sales company in Japan or abroad and the affected business’s market response team file a flash report on the Quality Crisis Management (QCM) system.*1
Affected departments, including the QA department of the operations division or Group company, promptly analyze the cause and study solutions. Top management and affected departments share information and make appropriate disclosures and responses, putting the customer first. We also report to outside organizations as legally required, as in the Consumer Product Safety Act in Japan.
*1 An IT system for quickly reporting product accidents in any market in the world; very serious reports go directly to top management, Head Office, and operations division
Epson Product Incident Response Process
Product incident occurs
Inquiry
Sales companies and market support departments
Share value
Ink bottle valve (at bottle tip)
Ink bottle
Ink bottle
   Seiko Epson
 PresidentGeneral administrative manager in charge of quality assurance
Head of quality assurance supervisory department
SEC quality assurance supervisory department
Quality Assurance Council/ committees/project teams
Instructions & reports
Instructions & reports
Delivery
QCM system
Delivery
Entry into QCM system
  Chief executive
Report assessment and approval
Division/Affiliate quality assurance department
Cause analysis
Countermeasure planning
Reporting decision
Corporate HQ Quality Assurance
Legal Affairs Public Relations Other related depts.
Issue reports, share information, respoSales company Service & Support
Legal Affairs Public Relations Other related depts.
nd
   Assessments & reports
   Operations division
Epson Group manufacturing companies
    Solve important common issues
Chief operating officer
President
Epson Group sales companies
  President
   Head of quality assurance
Head of quality assurance
Head of quality assurance
Reports
& notifications
Outside agencies
Delivery
Appropriate release of information & market support
Customers 53
Epson Group Integrated Report 2018
Epson Group Integrated Report 2018 54