Value Creation Infrastructure (Society)
Supply Chain
Socially Responsible Procurement Program
Epson’s socially responsible procurement program helps suppliers enhance CSR. At supplier briefings, we ask them to practice socially responsible procurement and complete a Self Assessment Questionnaire (SAQ) on their observance of the Epson Supplier Code of Conduct. We verify their answers on-site and conduct audits, after which we share issues and work for improvement.
Employee Training
During on-site verification of suppliers by Epson employees, we review documents, tour the site, and interview workers to ascertain labor and human rights conditions. Aimed at developing the skills to identify worker concerns and dissatisfaction, we invite instructors from outside organizations to train Epson procurement staff who do on-site verifications in how to interview workers.
This is required training for employees who perform on-site verifications so they can do so with greater accuracy.
Dealing with Conflict Minerals
Epson prohibits and works to eliminate the use of conflict minerals that fund armed groups tied to human rights abuses and environmental destruction in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries.
Conflict Minerals Survey Implementation Status
    Our procurement seeks to build trusting relationships with our business partners around the world based on fairness, coexistence, transparency, and co-prosperity.
As a global enterprise, Epson does business with about 1,500 suppliers around the world. Component quality, delivery, and procurement cost are important, but we look for more than just those factors that affect product quality and our business activities. The public cares about CSR issues like the environment and human rights, so we hold our suppliers to high ethical standards to ensure we contribute to society and fulfill our social responsibility.
Share vision
Briefings
Status assessment
SAQ
Cooperation check
On-site verification
Share issues
Evaluation
Improvement initiatives
Improvement
Socially Responsible Procurement Program
Briefings
   Supply Chain Strategy
In keeping with our Management Philosophy and other values statements, our procurement emphasizes six points as the highest priority for the entire supply chain.
1. Provide products and services that create customer value
2. Work proactively for environmental conservation
3. Comply with laws and social norms and take actions based on high ethical standards
4. Respect human rights
5. Ensure safe, healthy, and fair working environments
6. Establish business continuity management (BCM)
Since FY2016, we have held socially responsible procurement briefings for suppliers to share information on Epson’s socially responsible procurement programs with suppliers. In FY2017, we held a total of eleven briefings in Japan, China, and Indonesia. Briefings were attended by 613 people from 453 suppliers, who learned about Epson’s efforts.
Briefing (Indonesia)
Learning Supplier Status, Sharing Information, Improving
Suppliers take the SAQ to assess how well they are following the Epson Supplier Code of Conduct. If the results reveal risks at a supplier, we perform on-site verifications and audits and share information on any problems we find. We also share plans for any needed improvements and work together to implement them.
FY2015 FY2016
FY2017
     The Epson Group Procurement Guidelines and Supplier Code of Conduct, based on the RBA Code of Conduct, set requirements in the areas of labor, health and safety, environmental conservation, management, and ethics, as well as seven additional requirements that Epson considers important, such as export control and security in the supply chain. We are thereby asking our suppliers to comply with a more concrete protocol.
Number of suppliers surveyed
Number of identified smelters (1)
Number of CFS-certified*1 smelters (2)
Percentage CFS-certified (2)/(1)
716 561 388
298 314 312
211 243 249
71% 77% 80%
     Our Supply Chain Works Together for a Sustainable Society
Epson seeks to create customer value as guided by our Management Philosophy in order to win and maintain the trust of our stakeholders into the future and to contribute in an ongoing way to the development of society. We will fulfill our corporate social responsibility through actions designed to achieve our Management Philosophy. When suppliers take the same approach as Epson to human rights, labor conditions, the environment, compliance, ethics, quality, and information security, we can solve society’s challenges together and contribute to the making of a sustainable society.
*1 Smelters using only non-conflict minerals
Supplier Business Continuity Plans (BCP)
Epson aims to establish systems to get the supply of products flowing again as soon as possible if a supply chain disaster or accident disrupts it.
In FY2017, a fire at a supplier’s facility disrupted our business activities. We began doing more to teach and raise awareness among suppliers as a result. The following initiatives are being taken:
● We ask our 1,353 suppliers to self-assess their BCP control level and make improvements.
● Epson disaster and safety management staff inspect sites of 399 key suppliers for fire risk. They suggest improvements and follow up on implementation.
     57
Epson Group Integrated Report 2018
Epson Group Integrated Report 2018 58