Value Creation Infrastructure (Governance)
Corporate Governance
Actions to Ensure Board Effectiveness
Seiko Epson seeks to continuously enhance the effectiveness of its board of directors pursuant to its Corporate Governance Policy. Toward this end, Seiko Epson has been analyzing and evaluating the effectiveness of its board of directors every year since FY2015 based on a self-evaluation questionnaire that all board members were asked to complete.
Evaluation Process
FY2016 FY2017 (evaluation of the 2016 fiscal year) Summary of evaluation results released
2017 Jan. Feb. Mar. Apr. May Jun. Jul. Aug. Sep. Oct. Nov. Dec. Jan.
        Basic Principles
To achieve the goals declared in the Management Philosophy, promote sustainable growth, and increase corporate value over the long term, Epson strives to continuously enhance and strengthen corporate governance so as to realize transparent, fair, timely, and decisive decision-making.
Corporate Governance System
Initiatives to Enhance and Strengthen Corporate Governance
Conduct a questionnaire (Feb.-Mar.)
All directors evaluate and comment on their own performance and on that of the board as a whole.
Questionnaire Topics
1. Board functioning
Are the Management Philosophy and direction clear?
Are discussions free, dynamic, and constructive?
2. Board composition and process
Do advisory bodies to the board (the Director Nomination Committee, Director Compensation Committee, and Compliance Committee) function effectively?
3. Board operations
Are outside directors provided with sufficient information?
Are handouts and other materials appropriate in terms of organiza- tion and quality?
Analyze & evaluate results (Mar.-May), release results (Jun.)
We analyze and release a summary of questionnaire results in a Corporate Governance Report.
Concrete Actions
Results of board effectiveness evaluations
Areas where the board is effective
● Discussion regarding the direction and strategies of the company were exhaustive because the board was able
to focus more tightly on important
Implement improvements (July- )
The board further increases its effectiveness by addressing selected issues.
Implementation of improvements
     2012
Elected an outside director
2013
Established“Standard of Outside Officers’ Independence”*1
2014
Increased outside directors
2015
Established a Corporate Governance Policy
2016
● Transitioned from a company with an audit & supervisory board to a company with an audit & supervisory committee
● Increased the number of outside directors
● Introduced a performance-linked stock compen-
sation plan
2018
Corporate Governance Policy revised      1
* The name and content of“Criteria for Independence of Outside Directors”
were revised in April 2017.
 
business issues.
  
● The board exercises its supervisory
 
 
angles.
● Decisions were made quickly and
decisively on the executive line due to
the articulation of effective strategies and  policies and the delegation of authority.
 function by promoting free, vigorous,
constructive dialog from many different
                 FY2018 Evaluation Results (Results Released in June 2018 for the 2017 Fiscal Year)
In FY2018, to make the evaluation more objective, we asked an independent firm to evaluate and provide feedback about each step in the process, from creating the questionnaire to analyzing and evaluating the answers.
                       59
Epson Group Integrated Report 2018
Epson Group Integrated Report 2018 60