Value Creation Infrastructure (Society)
Maximizing the Capacities of Our Diverse Personnel
Respecting Human Rights
Epson is serious about keeping all forms of discrimination and unfair practices out of its operations around the world. This stance is reflected in our participation in the United Nations Global Compact. Also, the Group’s policies regarding human rights and labor standards articulate Epson’s strong convictions in areas including respect for human rights, elimination of harassment, eradication of all forms of discrimination, respect for local culture and customs, prohibition of child and forced labor, and maintenance of positive labor-management relations. These attitudes are widely disseminated and practiced throughout the Group.
The Policies regarding Human Rights and Labor Standards
https://global.epson.com/company/epson_way/principle/human_rights.html
Better Workplace Environments for Employees
In 2018, METI and Nippon Kenko Kaigi recognized Seiko Epson under the White 500 program, large enterprise category. A safe and healthy work environment and physical and mental wellness are the foundation of a healthy company. We strive to ensure that all our employees and partners can enjoy working as a team, knowing they are safe and secure.
In Japan, every five years we institute a mid-range plan on health. The current plan, Health Action 2020, proclaims emphasizing safety and improving the working environment while fostering employee and workplace independence
and autonomy as our basic stance. Initiatives address health in three focus areas: workplace, physical, and mental.
Health Action 2020: Three Key Areas and Actions
Promoting Diversity
Epson’s true customers are end-users the world over. To enrich their lives, we have to understand them and meet their needs. To achieve this, our own diversity is important. We believe that only with a diverse workforce of people who have respect for one another and who know and practice what is important can we create customer value. To deliver results that surprise and delight our customers, Epson promotes female managerial staff and foreign nationals, fostering a corporate culture that enables diverse personnel to display their abilities to the full.
     Group Human Resources Development Policy
Epson develops its human resources in line with the Epson Group Human Resources Development Policy established in 1996, which designates talented people as a precious management resource and asserts that it is people that connect, support, and nurture the Epson Group. We assist employees so that they can achieve their dreams of self-fulfillment.
We provide training so that our people understand their roles and what is expected of them as members of the Epson team. Training enables them to work and communicate effectively, solve problems and achieve goals, and experience personal and professional growth.
Human Resources Development Policy
https://global.epson.com/company/epson_way/principle/human_policy.html
Developing Global Human Resources
Epson runs a global business, and thus it is critical to our management that we foster global human resources that can help us pursue the common global goals of our business, each within the role of his or her Epson Group company.
The Global Incubation Seminar (GIS) is a training program in which we share Epson’s vision and values with up-and-coming leaders from Group companies around the world, and empower them to put these into practice in their own
Message from an FY2017 GIS Participant
Cumulative
GIS participants
   organizations. We have
held GIS every year since
1999, training more than
350 individuals so far.
Additionally, in FY2017,
Epson held the inaugural Global Executive Seminar (GES). The GES, which we plan to make an annual event, seeks to further strengthen executive management training at Group companies. The seminar is designed to develop leaders who can develop strategies and consider issues, such as how to achieve Epson’s long-term goals, what role they and their companies should play, and what changes to make, in a business environment with limited future visibility.
GIS/GES Target Trainees
About
 350
persons
Number of female
Number of employees
  managers
with disabilities
On Seiko Epson staff as of March 20, 2018
Seiko Epson, domestic Group employees on June 1, 2017
persons / 3%
22 *1 *1 Percentage of current managers
persons /2.48% Epson works continually to achieve true diversity by
enabling a diverse workforce, including women and foreign nationals, to take an active role and by reviewing our system to create a better working environment. 
Masayuki Kawana, Director, Executive Officer
General Administrative Manager, Human Resources Division
Work Reform
Epson specifies its work goals and work culture. Our goal is for all employees to maintain and improve their physical and mental health while working efficiently in a vital, rewarding work environment, without excessive labor demands. In this way, the company will develop in perpetuity, raising its corporate value and ensuring a win-win relationship with its employees.
Beginning in FY2017, we are reforming the way we work through what we call our WILL BE program.*2 It includes targets for working hours in the medium term, and others.
Annual total working hours per employee
284
  Commitment to Diversity
 President Directors
    GES GIS
Department Managers Senior Managers
Managers
Health and safety obligations
    W Weight
Workplace health
Physical health
Mental health
・ Overwork prevention
・ Workplace harassment
preventon
Creation of a pleasant workplace
・ Teamwork & energy ・ Encourage individual
skills
      EE
 Eat Treatment
Self care
Prevention
P Prevention
Exercise
      I was impressed with the presentations from executive management and discussions with other participants. I think GIS participants need to take the initiative to share Epson values and the lessons about value that we learned in the training to align everyone across the Epson Group, and especially members of management, in the same direction.
T
S Smoke -free
"We Step" activities Take a step forward
Prevention, education, early detection/treatment, recurrence prevention
1,971
FY2018 target 1,905 hours
  55
Epson Group Integrated Report 2018
Epson Group Integrated Report 2018 56