PaperLab, a Dry Process Office Papermaking SystemMaking New Paper on the Spot
         Adding New Value to Paper Contributes to a Circulating Society
創
User Comment
Beyond Direct Benefits:
Raise Children’s Awareness of the Environment
         Winner at 1st EcoPro Awards*1
Creation
SDGs it helps achieve
Toshiyuki Oguchi
Mayor of Shiojiri, Japan
The city government of Shiojiri decided to install a PaperLab after examining the potential environmental, security, and job creation benefits. We saw that we could promote environmental conservation through local recycling of used paper without stressing water resources. We saw that we could strengthen security by destroying sensitive information on-site. And we saw that we could develop employment opportunities for persons with disabilities. I personally feel that the biggest benefit is that the PaperLab can inspire children. For a resource-poor country like Japan, the development of high-productivity industries is important for the national identity. So, I think it is critical to instill in children a sense of awe and excitement about technology and learning.
A tangible benefit of installing PaperLab is its productivity: We are producing, on average, 18,000 new sheets of paper per month from locally recovered paper and use them to make application forms, etc. This has enabled us to reduce the amount of waste paper transported off-site for disposal by 20%.
                                       Dry-process office papermaking system
The PaperLab A-8000, the world’s first dry-process office papermaking system*2, makes new paper from old right on site. Epson’s unique dry fiber technology represents a breakthrough in paper recycling. It enables scrap paper to be reused not only in new paper production but also in the production of a variety of other pulp-based products.
*1 Minister’s Prize, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry
*2 Based on a November 2016 Epson study of the office paper recycling market
Environmental education for children
Application forms made with recycled paper
Many customers are using PaperLab to benefit environment, promote recycling
Internal Case Study
Epson uses the A-8000 extensively to recycle and reproduce paper used on its own sites. In 2018, this recycled paper was used to produce all orientation training materials for new employees. It is being used for calendars and employee business cards. This paper is also used for notebooks and memo pads, and we plan to further expand uses in the near future. The production of paper and paper-based goods has expanded the range of job opportunities for the staff of Epson Mizube Corp., a special subsidiary that supports the employment of persons with disabilities and is involved in these activities.
Epson also uses a machine that employs dry fiber technology to upcycle recovered paper into waste-ink pads for inkjet printers and sound absorbing materials for the A-8000.
● Suwa City
                   Customers ● Shiojiri City
● Hachinohe City
● Nagano Prefecture ● Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.
● Setagaya General Services Co., Ltd. ● Transcosmos Inc.
● Tokyo Century Corporation
● The Hachijuni Bank, Ltd., and others
        Preservation of Water Resources
An ordinary paper recycling process uses about a cup of water to produce a single A4 sized sheet of paper. In contrast, the A-8000 uses only a small fraction of this to maintain humidity within the system, thus helping to conserve precious water resources.
Effective Use of Forest Resources
Paper is produced from wood taken from the forests, and while efforts have been made to conserve this resource by producing cardboard from recycled paper, the A-8000 produces new copy paper from used documents right in the office. Also, any paper produced by the A-8000 may be marked with the
Awareness-Raising
The A-8000 reproduces paper on the spot ̶a fresh surprise that can raise the environmental awareness of your staff and spawn further environmental action. Children who have had the opportunity to see paper recycled come away with insights and greater concern for the environment, as well as a desire to solve environmental issues with science.
(listed in random order)
Calendars made using recycled paper
eco-label established by the 3R Promotion Forum Japan.
Made with 100% post-consumer paper
 27 Epson Group Integrated Report 2018 Epson Group Integrated Report 2018 28