Value Creation Strategy
Inkjet Innovation Visual Innovation
Wearables Innovation Robotics Innovation
   Inkjet Innovation
help printers transition from analog to digital systems by offering clean, space-efficient, environmentally considerate digital inkjet printing systems that, in addition to being ideally suited for short-run print jobs and short turnaround times, save water and reduce material wastes and emissions while delivering the desired output without relying on highly skilled labor.
We will also provide new value by building sustainable office printing ecosystems with the PaperLab A-8000, a dry-process office papermaking system that produces new paper from used paper.
Strategic Progress
In FY2017 we began selling high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printers. These are core strategic products for driving the replacement of laser printers with inkjets in the office. Unlike laser printing systems, inkjet systems do not use heat in the printing process, which means they consume far less energy. Inkjets also have the advantage of having fewer replacement parts and being easier to maintain. We have also been building our sales network as we roll out our high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printers by strengthening ties with customers and cooperation with dealers who have sales experience and expertise. High-capacity ink tank printer sales have continued to grow. We have expanded and upgraded our product lineup in developed markets like Japan and the U.S., as well as in emerging markets. I believe that the unit sales growth we are seeing is the result of having won over customers by genuinely addressing the needs of those who want to print
Printing Sectors
Office
High-speed copying
Office papermaking system
as much as they need, whenever they need, without guilt or hesitation. The importance of high-capacity ink tank models will continue to grow for Epson, so we will be more active in educating potential customers about their value in Japan, North America, Western Europe, and other markets where recognition of these models has been low.
In the commercial and industrial sectors, we made strategic progress in the signage, textile, and label markets. In addition, we installed the PaperLab A-8000 at the facilities of premium partners, who are collaborating with us to increase product value. As we move forward, we will evolve our business operations by developing technologies that customer needs in all product categories and that offer the long-term value that customers expect.
 Vision
Refine Micro Piezo technology, and expand into high-productivity segments, improve environmental performance and create
a sustainable printing ecosystem.
Value Creation
Smart technologies
Environment
Performance
Reduce costs, time, and trouble in printing, and create new possibilities for digital printing.
Mitigate environmental impacts and risks caused by the use of resources, electricity, and chemicals in tradition- al printing.
Contribute to higher customer productivity with high-speed, high-quality prints on a range of media of various sizes.
 Koichi Kubota Representative Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer Chief Operating Officer, Printing Solutions Operations Division
20 15 10
5 0
Inkjet Printer Unit Shipments
(million units)
Ink cartridge models High-capacity ink printers*1
         The Long-Term Business Environment
Offices and consumers are said to be going paperless as information and communications technology (ICT) advances, but that does not mean that total global print volume is declining. It is true that cost and environmental concerns curb the appetite for prints and that there are more opportunities today to share and view information on-screen. However, the volume of digital information is growing rapidly, so the final print volume has not significantly changed. The value of paper as a convenient medium for presenting more information at a glance is not likely to change. That is why I believe it is our responsibility as a printer manufacturer to provide customers with innovative products and services that reduce their printing costs and environmental impacts.
In the commercial and industrial sector, we expect print demand in the signage, textile, and label printing markets to grow. Growth will be driven by surging demand for items such as printed clothing, packaging, and advertisements as emerging markets expand and populations swell. At the same time, commercial and industrial printing companies
will move away from unwieldly analog systems, which require the production of press plates, and toward digital systems, which print images directly onto media while reducing environmental impacts, easily accommodating short-run print jobs, and providing shorter turnaround times. As the spread of digital technology continues to alter the printing market landscape, our focus will be on solving emerging challenges and meeting changing needs rather than on competing against others on price or specifications.
Strategic Direction
We are looking to capitalize on our inkjet technology to expand business in the office, commercial, and industrial printing segments. To do so, I think it will be increasingly important to respond to issues that customers face, such as the need to increase productivity via fast, stable printing and the desire for better environmental performance.
In the office market we will drive a technology shift from laser printers to inkjet printers, which consume far less power and produce far lower consumables emissions. We will also reduce users’printing costs so they can print without hesitation. In the commercial and industrial markets, we will
2013 2014
2015 2016 2017
2018 (Fiscal year) Outlook
 *1 Includes high-capacity ink tank, high-capacity ink pack, and high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printers.
   Inkjet innovation
Commercial & Industrial
Digital label press
Digital textile printing         High-speed linehead,
smart technologies
Dry fiber technology
Highly durable, high-speed printhead
High-performance ink and media handling     31
Epson Group Integrated Report 2018
Epson Group Integrated Report 2018 32