Value Creation Strategy
Inkjet Innovation Visual Innovation
Wearables Innovation
Robotics Innovation
    Visual Innovation
Refine original microdisplay and projection technologies, and create outstanding visual experiences and a natural visual communications environment for every aspect of business and lifestyles.
Strategic Progress
Epson expanded its global share to 36% and maintained the top share. Our share is expanding particularly in Europe, the Middle East, China, and Southeast Asia. We enhanced our lineup of laser projectors in the high-brightness market and, for the first time, won the top share in the high-brightness seg- ment of the global market by carrying out effective sales cam- paigns in developed markets. Going forward, we will work to further expand our share by reinforcing the product lineup, identifying territories where there is room for growth, and strengthening our sales and marketing activities.
We have also begun to provide laser light sources in projec- tors for the ultra-short throw segment. Flat panel displays are squeezing ultra-short throw projector market demand, but we plan to compete by providing laser models, better cost performance, and easy installation.
LightScene
   Vision
Value Creation
Smart technologies
Environment
Performance
Enrich communication through the ubiquitous rendering of images.
Use realistic augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) images to reduce environmental impacts associat- ed with the movement of people and things.
Use high-quality images to enrich lives and enhance customer productivity.
Spatial design with LightScene projectors
Meanwhile, our Moverio smart glasses are beginning to find use in various areas within industry and the service sector, and have been introduced for tasks as varied as equipment maintenance and subtitles in theaters. However, we need to raise recognition further. There is still much more we can do to propose uses in new situations. We will continue to devel- op concrete value propositions for smart glasses, which we believe have huge, untapped communications potential.
Our LightScene accent lighting projectors can be used for illumination or to project images. They are already being used in digital art, commercial signage, and decor applications in venues such as shopping complexes and theme parks. We will work to gain greater recognition for these projectors by using them to produce captivating visual experiences and provide new value in new markets.
 Yasunori Ogawa Director, Executive Officer
Chief Operating Officer, Visual Products Operation Division
Epson
Epson
Global Market Share (Unit Volume)
Other
E
D
FY2017 FY2015
15% 23% High-
brightness share*4
      The Long-Term Business Environment
We cannot count on substantial growth in the existing projector market, but the total display device market is still growing, with traction provided by flat panel displays and cheap micro-projectors. I think we are going to see much more growth in visual communications applications that use visual imagery and other information to effectively appeal to an audience. Globalization is also bringing with it more opportunities for people in remote locations to communicate just as if they were in the same location. We will respond to social changes such as these by accurately assessing what
customers need and developing products to serve those needs. In the smart glasses market, the value proposition is crucial. In the computer game market, closed headsets are receiving a lot of attention, with each manufacturer guarding its own territory. Epson’s smart glasses have see-through lenses. This is an advantage in commercial and industrial markets where users need to be able to see their surroundings. Epson will advertise this as value to be delivered. Going forward, we will advance product development and advertise the value to be delivered.
Strategic Direction
Epson’s strength in projectors derives from technology, of course, but also from customer care. By making technology and customer care the centerpieces of our business strategy, we have developed products that satisfy the most challenging customer needs and requirements. I firmly believe that it is our unwavering dedication to quality that is the reason for our ongoing success.
We will continue to develop projectors that provide new value and that expand the potential for future visual communications. Challenges include, for example, the development of projectors that deliver bright images in any environment, projectors that throw images not only on static screens but on three-dimensional or moving objects, and lighting projectors for staging and decor.
33% 36% Worldwide
share*3
CBA
Source: Futuresource Consulting Ltd.
*3 For 500-lumen and higher projectors
*4 High-brightness projectors are defined as models that produce 4,000-lumen or
more and that have a replaceable lens
Visual Communications Markets
  Signage
Smart glasses
Visual innovation
   Market Share by Region
(for 500-lumen and higher projectors)
FY2017 FY2015
23% 51%
Lighting/ projection mapping
     31% 22
million million units units
*1 Europe, the Middle East, and Africa
North America
 EMEA*1
China
1.2
Ultra-high brightness technologies
Lighter, more compact; sensing and AR technology
         35%
million units
63% 63%
Laser light source
and other optical control technologies
  37
Epson Group Integrated Report 2018
Epson Group Integrated Report 2018 38