Value Creation Strategy
Inkjet Innovation Visual Innovation
Wearables Innovation
Robotics Innovation
   Wearables Innovation
Value Provided to Customers through Wearables Innovation
A brand for each type of customer value provided
High-precision sensing
Smart GPS Sports Watch Watch
Watch
2
Beauty as an analog watch
 Vision
Leverage our watchmaking heritage, refine timekeeping and sensing accuracy, and offer a sense of status and fashion.
Value Creation
Smart technologies
Environment
Performance
State-of-the-art sensors and devices provide functional- ity and convenience.
Low-power devices and power-generating technology help to conserve energy resources.
Accuracy, design, craftsmanship, and sensing technolo- gies make products a pleasure to wear.
1
   Design emphasis
 34
* The illustration conceptually indicates the positioning of Epson’s brands in the watch market. 1
We maximize the potential of analog watches by wielding a combination of state-of-the-art technology and artisan skills. In addition to telling time, the first models boast advanced sensing functions for taking measurements of the wearer and of the wearer’s surroundings. The results of measurements are naturally and beautifully displayed using analog hands. The models in the second collection are designed to be more “watch-like” and offer a new style, with ageing and replaceable bands.
 Junichi Watanabe
Managing Executive Officer
Chief Operating Officer, Wearable Products Operations Division
The Long-Term Business Environment
The watch market is expected to continue to steadily grow as the global population increases and as people in emerging nations become more affluent.
At the same time, wearers are all looking for something different in a watch, and that is why the market is crowded with countless styles and brands of watches.
Now the market is heading toward a period of transition, in which consumers will seek new value such as that provided by smartwatches with computer functions.
We see the watch market growing stably over the longer term because of the diverse needs that exist in the market.
Strategic Direction
Efficient, compact, and precision technologies have been in our DNA from the beginning. And the relentless pursuit of improvements to accuracy, our low-power semiconductor fabrication technology and parts micromachining technology have led us to a single conviction: There are watches that hold fresh promise and that only Epson can produce. We will provide unique products that only Epson can produce by combining the precision processing
technology we have developed over the years with our sensors and other core technologies.
We are looking to operate efficiently and grow sales without heavy additional investment by taking advantage of Epson’s current technology development, production, and sales capabilities.
Strategic Progress
Until recently, Epson had three original watch brands: the Orient Star/Orient brand of fine yet practical mechanical watches; the WristableGPS/ProSense brand of running monitors with advanced sensing capabilities, and the Smart Canvas brand of watches that use finely rendered graphics to represent the passage of time.
In 2017 we created Trume, a new brand for analog watches that feature the ultimate in advanced technology. We later added a new collection that offers new ways to enjoy watches.
We will build Trume into an indispensable brand by delivering unique value that only Epson can achieve. 2
We are combining Orient’s tradition and Epson’s watch technology to provide even more elegant, accurate, and high-quality mechanical watches. Orient Star Mechanical Moon Phase watches combine a moon phase function and semi-skeleton features for a genuine mechanical watch experience. They are both practical and exquisite, with features such as finely embossed dials, ornaments, and a dual curved sapphire glass.
  3
WristableGPS sports watches (“ProSense” in some markets) are ideal for activities like running and hiking. In addition to outstanding positioning accuracy and long battery life, the models announced in 2017 capture a GPS signal in a shorter amount of time. They also have an Easy View Display for improved visibility and enhanced activity tracking, providing full support every day, including race day.
  4
 Smart Canvas watches hold a peculiar charm that neither earlier watches nor fashion accessories do. Some models feature popular characters while others have original content and swappable bands so that you can tailor the watch to your likes.
41
Epson Group Integrated Report 2018
Epson Group Integrated Report 2018 42