Materiality on Business
 Creating Innovative PharmaceuticalsProviding a Stable Supply of Top-Quality Pharmaceutical ProductsProviding the Highest Quality Medical InformationImproving Access to Healthcare
 Creating Innovative Pharmaceuticals
Materiality on Business
Materiality on Business Foundations
 Promoting Compliance ManagementCorporate Governance Aimed at Fulfilling Our MissionPromoting the Success and Development of a Diverse Range of People Who Create Our Competitive AdvantagesPromoting Environmental Management
Among the four material issues on business, “creating innovative pharmaceuticals” is the basis of our value creation and our top issue. Realization of “providing a stable supply of top-quality pharmaceutical products” and “providing the highest quality medical information” will lead to “improving access to healthcare”, resolution of unmet medical needs, and our purpose will be realized.Reason for selectionContributing to the enrichment of quality of life around the world is our Purpose, and continuously creating innovative pharmaceutical products by leveraging our strength (Science & Technology) is the foundation of our value creation.
We will continuously deliver pharmaceuticals that meet healthcare needs to the healthcare fields through a cycle of reinvesting the profits generated from our pharmaceutical business in research and development and generating new medicines.
In the mid-term, we will enhance our advanced products and pipeline to transform the SOC* with the goal of becoming an advanced global pharma innovator with strength in oncology in FY2025.Long-term targetCreate innovative pharmaceuticals continuously, utilizing our strength (science & technology)Challenges for realizing materiality (toward FY2025 targets)Creating the advanced products and pipeline to transform the SOC in the oncology field Development of innovative medicines and preventive medicines with new modalitiesKPIsThe number of new launches and new indication approvals for 3ADCs Progress in ADCs which is in early development stage/other Alpha projects Progress in development of post DXd-ADC projectsFY2025 targets3ADCs: 8 additional indications
Multiple products to become the new growth driver after 3ADCs are in late development stage or more advanced stage.
Post DXd-ADC modality is in development stageFY2020 resultsEnhertu: Third and second line treatment for HER2-positive gastric cancer Refer to the corporate website
  Please visit here for further information
https://www.daiichisankyo.com/rd/pipeline/
Social value creationContribute to the enrichment of quality of life around the worldEconomic value creationExpand R&D pipeline and acquire intellectual property contributing to future revenue and profitContribution to SDGs   * Standard of Care. Universally applied best treatment practice in today’s medical science
3 and Alpha
In research and development, we have adopted “3 and Alpha strategy” in view of our FY2025 target and Beyond 2025. The “3” in 3 and Alpha refers to Enhertu, Dato-DXd, and HER3-DXd, our three pillars in oncology, to which investment and resource allocation are prioritized. Cancer, a disease with a high prevalence and mortality not only in Japan but also in the world, is a critical issue for the lives and health of people. In the field of cancer, a disease from which many people still suffer, we promote activities to deliver therapeutic drugs to patients and healthcare professionals as soon as possible.
In “Alpha”, which is our projects other than the 3ADCs, we also aim to provide innovative pharmaceuticals to patients with
cancer or rare diseases without effective treatment or sufficient treatment by using existing therapeutic drugs. It is difficult to elucidate the pathology of rare diseases due to the limited numbers of patients, and treatment options for such diseases are limited. Even in areas where the probability of successful development of therapeutic drugs is unknown, we must keep trying to pursue every possibility. Otherwise, we have to give up potential treatment. We will continue to strive to overcome challenges having faith that our science and technology will guide us.
19 Daiichi Sankyo Group Value Report 2021
                                 Launch Plan for 3ADCs
Value Creation StoryExpand 3ADCs in broader cancer types and indications
5-year Business Plan (FY2021–FY2025)
Breast cancer Colorectal cancer
Gastric cancer
Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC)
 EnhertuDESTINY-Breast03
DESTINY-Breast04
DESTINY-Breast06
DESTINY-Gastric04
DESTINY-Lung01/02
DESTINY-CRC01/02
HER2 positive breast cancer 2L, vs. T-DM1
HER2 low breast cancer post chemotherapy, vs. physician’s choice
HER2 low/HR positive breast cancer chemotherapy naïve, vs. physician’s choice
HER2 positive gastric cancer 2L, vs. SOC
HER2 mutated NSCLC, HER2 overexpressing NSCLC 2L~/HER2 mutated NSCLC 2L~, 2 doses (5.4, 6.4 mg/kg)
HER2 expressing colorectal cancer 3L/HER2 expressing colorectal cancer 3L, 2 doses (5.4, 6.4 mg/kg)
Dato-DXd
TROPION-Lung01
HER3-DXd
HERTHENA-Lung01
NSCLC (without actionable mutation), 2/3L
EGFR mutated NSCLC, 3LA Wide Range of Modalities
There are various types of drug molecules such as, for example, small molecules, antibodies, which are collectively called “modalities.” With advances in science, a variety of modalities has enabled us to approach to drug discovery targets that had been challenging to date, and we have created ADC technology as our unique modality following small molecule drugs.
Projects that can be growth drivers following 3ADCs are expected to be identified from the four areas, DXd-ADC family, second-generation/new concept ADC, modified antibody, and ENA® family.
In addition, we are also conducting research of various modalities and advancing research and development to increase treatment possibilities for unmet medical needs related to cancer, rare diseases, etc.
Growth Drivers Following the 3ADCs
* First in Human Study: clinical study using human subjects for the first time
A Wide Range of ModalitiesDXd-ADC family
DS-7300: Observed responses DS-6157: Ph1 on track
DS-6000: Ph1 on track
DS-3939: Preparing for FIH* study DS-xxxx: Preparing for FIH study
 2nd generation/new concept ADC
2nd generation ADC, DS-9696 Preparing for FIH study
New concept ADC Preparing for FIH study
 Modified antibody, etc.
DS-1055 (immuno-oncology) Ph1 on track
DS-1103 (immuno-oncology) Preparing for FIH (First in Human) study
Bi-specific antibody Preparing for FIH study
 ENA family
Multiple projects utilizing ENA technology DS-5141, DS-5144, DS-5150, DS-5151, DS-5153,
DS-4108, etc.
      2nd generation Nucleic acid LNP-mRNA ADC
New concept
ADC Gene therapy Cell therapy
Bi-specific Advanced antibody chemistry
Digital solution
     Daiichi Sankyo Group Value Report 2021 20