Materiality on Business
 Creating Innovative PharmaceuticalsProviding a Stable Supply of Top-Quality Pharmaceutical ProductsProviding the Highest Quality Medical InformationImproving Access to Healthcare
 Improving Access to Healthcare
Materiality on Business
Materiality on Business Foundations
 Promoting Compliance ManagementCorporate Governance Aimed at Fulfilling Our MissionPromoting the Success and Development of a Diverse Range of People Who Create Our Competitive AdvantagesPromoting Environmental Management
In addition to taking actions to address unmet medical needs, one of the important missions of pharmaceutical companies is addressing the problem of insufficient access to healthcare caused by various social factors, such as public health, education, and income inequality.
We established the Daiichi Sankyo Group Policy on Access to Healthcare, and work on addressing the challenge of access to healthcare over the entire value chain of research & development, manufacturing, marketing & sales, and safety management around the three pillars of “Research & Development,” “Availability,” and “Capacity Building.”Reason for selectionStrive to improve access to healthcare by promoting the Daiichi Sankyo Group Policy on Access to Healthcare to employees, and seeking cooperation with the stakeholders including the government, payers and alliance partners.
In the mid-term, we will globally deploy oncology products through collaboration with AstraZeneca. We will also contribute to solving social challenges, such as tackling COVID-19, through the utilization of our business foundations and cooperation with external institutions.Long-term targetContribute to improving access to healthcare, working with stakeholders such as the government, payers and alliance partnersChallenges for realizing materiality (toward FY2025 targets)Global expansion of oncology products by utilizing collaboration with AstraZeneca, etc.
Response to new risks such as COVID-19 through collaboration with external institutions by utilizing our strengths and assets.KPIsThe number of countries where oncology products are sold and the number of patients to which oncology products are provided through collaboration with partners, etc.
Status of contribution to mitigating new risks through collaboration with the regulatory authorities and other companies, etc.FY2025 targetsIncrease in the number of launched countries
-1 Achievement of supply of COVID-19 vaccine (AZD-1222) of AstraZeneca as
planned (FY2021))
-2 Progress in development of DS-5670 as plannedFY2020 resultsUnited States, Japan, and Europe (cumulative total until FY2020)
-1 Manufactured AZD-1222 in Japan
-2 The DS-5670 project was selected for the “Emergent Initiative to Build Production
Capacity for COVID-19 Vaccines” of the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) and AMED’s vaccine development program (company-initiated)
Social value creationContribute to the enrichment of quality of life around the world
Economic value creationIncrease revenue and profit, reduce/prevent the risk of declining corporate valueContribution to SDGs   The Policy on Access to Healthcare and Examples of Initiatives
Three pillars of the Policy on Access to Healthcare
 Examples of Initiatives
  Research & Development
Availability Capacity Building
Creating innovative pharmaceuticals
Promote research and development in the field of infectious diseases and measures against Antimicrobial Resistance (AMR)
Participation in Global Health Innovative Technology Fund “GHIT Fund”
Patient assistance programs in our group company in the United States
Capacity building for cancer treatment and initiatives to cultivate healthcare workers in low- and medium-income countries
    25 Daiichi Sankyo Group Value Report 2021
                                 Improving Access to Healthcare through Alliances
Acceleration of development and commercialization
Among the 3ADCs, we have been promoting a strategic collaboration for joint development and commercialization with
Acceleration of development and commercialization of
Enhertu
Acceleration of establishment of our oncology business infrastructure
We have been jointly developing strategies with AstraZeneca, which has extensive experience and resources in oncology globally, and putting the strategies into action by sharing roles. This will further accelerate the establishment of our oncology business infrastructure.
Expansion of resource allocation to other ADC projects
As we have other ADCs following the two drugs and other cancer projects, we aim to contribute to patients by obtaining early approval for these products.
Development of COVID-19 Vaccine
Aiming to prevent COVID-19, we participated in the “Fundamental Research on the Control of Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV)”*1 supported by the Japan Agency for Medical Research and Development (AMED) and promoted the “Development of mRNA vaccine against novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV)” using the novel nucleic acid delivery technology*2 developed by ourself.
We positioned the development of this mRNA vaccine as one of our top priority projects and started the clinical study in
AstraZeneca for Enhertu from March 2019 and Dato-DXd from July 2020.
AstraZeneca’s oncology business reaches over 70 countries. We will realize early market penetration through collaboration with AstraZeneca, which has excellent market access based on a relationship of trust with payers and oncology specialists and extensive know-how in medical affairs, etc.
AstraZeneca has also developed many innovative therapeutic agents for cancer treatment and has extensive development experience in regions other than Japan, Europe, and the United States. Therefore, the contribution to the improvement of access to healthcare by obtaining early approval for two drugs in respective countries is expected.
Value Creation StoryEarly market penetration
Cancer types and indications currently under development
Acceleration of market penetration in Europe and the United States
Early launch in regions other than Japan, the United States, and Europe
Acceleration and expansion of development
Cancer types and indications to be developed in the future
Advancement of development plan
Further expansion of cancer types and indications
        *1 One of the vaccine development initiatives that AMED decided to support as part of the government’s emergency initiatives against the global spread of COVID-19. *2 It is confirmed to induce more optimal immune response than existing vaccine technologies by stabilization of active pharmaceutical ingredients and efficient delivery. *3 A project to provide intensive support to companies’ ongoing development of COVID-19 vaccines with the aim of achieving the practical use of such vaccines.
Opportunity of strategic collaboration with excellent partners
Acceleration of establishment of own oncology business infrastructure
Maximization of the value of our succeeding oncology products
March 2021 with the support of “Development of Vaccines for COVID-19” (2nd) (company-initiated)*3 of AMED. Furthermore, with support from the “Emergent Initiative to Build Production Capacity for COVID-19 Vaccines (First Round),” we are establishing a production platform to start early provision of COVID-19 vaccines made in Japan by utilizing facilities of the “Pandemic Influenza Vaccine Development and Production System Development Project” of MHLW.Provision of COVID-19 Vaccines to Countries in Southeast Asia
Daiichi Sankyo Biotech has engaged in manufacturing (including vial filling and packaging) the COVID-19 vaccine “VaxzevriaTM intramuscular injection” developed by AstraZeneca. The vaccines were provided to countries in Southeast Asia through the Japanese government and various countries and regions through COVAX Facility*, etc.
In addition, the vaccination has begun in Japan.
* An international scheme led by the Gavi Vaccine Alliance, the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness and Innovation (CEPI), and WHO to jointly purchase vaccines and distribute them to developing countries.
  For initiatives for infectious diseases and capacity building, refer to page 69
Daiichi Sankyo Group Value Report 2021 26