       Feature: CSV Initiatives
Business Strategy by Segment
ESG Activities Financial Information
      Certified low-emission gas vehicles introduced at franchisees and company-owned locations:
1,542
Hybrid or electric vehicles introduced at head office:
291
(as of March 31, 2019)
More women in managerial positions
Duskin has set a goal to increase the percentage of women in managerial positions to 8% by the end of FY2020, and is therefore encouraging women’s participation in operational decision-making processes and managerial positions. As of March 31, 2019, women make up 7.2% of our managerial positions, a 0.8 point increase from the previous year.
These results have led to a recognition from external organizations, such as an award our employees received for two consecutive years since 2017, the Osaka Sakuyahime Award, recognizing women leaders by the Osaka Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
The 2017 award recipient, Chisa Kajihara, is leading our Merry Maids business as Division Manager. The 2018 award recipient, Reiko Fujiwara, is Manager of the Institute of Cleaning Education. Together with our franchisees, she is leading the teams to convey the importance of cleaning through school education support activities. Both of them were recognized for excelling in their business field, helping to develop the next generation of leaders and contributing to local communities.
Skill improvement and career advancement for people with disabilities
Duskin is undertaking proactive programs to create more opportunities for people with disabilities. At Duskin Product Nishi Kanto Co., Ltd., our group company, students from special needs schools receive hands-on training each year. Taking time to identify their aptitude, we provide one-on-one training and help them learn the job through practice and repetition of the required tasks. Many of them have become tenured workers. We assist their career advancement by helping them to take on responsibilities for different tasks through multi-skill development based on their capabilities and personality. Employees with disabilities are also entrusted with jobs that require commitments and responsibilities.
    Haruna Nomura
Duskin Home Service Shimanouchi Branch*
Kenichiro Taguchi Operations,
Direct Selling Group*
Contribution to SDGs
With these efforts recognized, Duskin Product Nishi Kanto received the Excellent Company for Employees with Disabilities award sponsored
by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government in 2018.
  * Positions at the time of the photo taken.
Direct Selling Group is introducing safe, eco-friendly and driver-friendly vehicles
that best respond to the frontline staff needs.
  Initiatives to mitigate global warming by reducing
CO2 emission
Creating a more fulfilling workplace that recognizes the importance of diversity
 Introducing safe and eco-friendly cars
The use of vehicles, notably for light cargo, is essential to deliver our products and services in our business operations. As new functions such as brake control for collision avoidance assist (autonomous braking) and idling reduction were introduced into commercial fleet vehicles about two years ago, Duskin is now encouraging our franchisees to include these same functions into their highly safe, low-emission vehicles. By the end of March 2019, among the 10,386 lease vehicles used by our franchisees, 1,542 vehicles were changed to certified low-emission vehicles.
At our head office, we are increasing the number of hybrid vehicles and other types of eco-friendly vehicles.
By the end of March 2019, 98.6% of vehicles used at our head office had been changed to hybrid or electric vehicles that conform to the latest gas emission standard.
Eco-driving programs and education
CO2 emission can be reduced if all drivers pay special attention to eco-driving, including idle reduction, avoiding sudden starts and stops and preventing excess speed. As part of our production and logistics improvement efforts, a vehicle operation management system, logicompass, is installed into all vehicles that are used to collect used mops and mats and to deliver cleaned products. Using records kept by this system, drivers are recognized annually for their eco-driving.
We continue our efforts to reduce CO2 emissions by improving efficiency of transport in our delivery routes as well as through our regional training and education programs.