Duskin believes in establishing workplaces where employees respect each other, and are respected, regardless of gender, age, nationality, career, lifestyles, or any other factor, thus empowering all employees to exert their talents to the fullest of their potential. By doing this, we are prepared to respond to the changing business environment and to diversifying customer needs, which in turn, enables us to increase our value and competitive advantage.
This policy is defined in the Duskin Code of Conduct. Duskin has also set goals to achieve on the ratios of female employees in managerial positions and of employees with disabilities by defining our KPIs (Key Performance Indicators). The goal of the ratio of employees with disabilities is higher than the legally required employment rate of people with disabilities (2.2%).

Duskin Declaration of Health-Focused Management
Duskin values and cares about the well-being of our employees and their families and strives to help them lead lives to their fullest potential as reflected in the philosophy of Prayerful Management. As the sound development of a company depends on happy and healthy employees, we see the well-being of our employees as a key requirement for the Duskin Group to continue to Sow the Seeds of Joy in society.
We declare our commitment to health-focused management, through which we will support the health of our employees and help them improve their own health and become more informed consumers of health services and information.

Duskin Health-Focused Management
For happiness of employees
Duskin will encourage and help our employees and their families to maintain and improve their well-being to lead their lives to their fullest potential as reflected in the philosophy of Prayerful Management. We hereby declare our commitment to health-focused management, through which we will support the health of our employees and the sound development of the company to Sow the Seeds of Joy in society.

Decrease of long working hours
Duskin has been implementing a variety of measures to decrease long working hours.
■ Initiatives
● Report on the actual situation of long working hours to the
Director in charge
● Each department facilitates reduction of long working hours ● Conduct No Overtime Work Day at least once a month
● Turn off the lights at six p.m. at Duskin’s head office building ● Implement Leave the Office Early Day Campaign
● Leave an eight-hour interval before the next shift