       Looking Towards Tomorrow’s Health
       ANNUAL REPORT 2019
For the Year Ended March 31, 2019
          
             Management Philosophy
Contribute to society through
high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products
Serve society through our employees
Management Vision
We aim to be an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company that contributes to the health of people around the world through innovative pharmaceutical products.
Contents
2 Kissei’s Business
3 Kissei’s Value Creation Process
4 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights 5 Medium-Term Management Plan
6 Letter from the CEO
8 Message from the COO
12 Research and Development (R&D) 16 Major Domestic Pharmaceuticals 18 Promoting Overseas Development 19 Production and Procurement
20 Reliability Assurance
21 Corporate Governance
27 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) 30 Financial Review
31 Business Risks
Cautionary Notice regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Financial Section
32 Consolidated Balance Sheets
34 Consolidated Statements of Income and Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
35 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
36 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 37 Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
49 Independent Auditor’s Report 50 Corporate Information
51 Investor Information
      The Kissei Group’s history began with the founding of Tachibana Seikagaku Institute Co., Ltd. in 1946. Since then, we have operated under two management philosophies: “contribute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products” and “serve society through our employees.” In 1982 we launched Rizaben®, the first oral drug for the treatment of allergic diseases in Japan. We later developed and launched Utemerin®, a drug for the treatment of threatened premature labor and threatened abortion; Bezatol®, a drug for the treatment of hyperlipid- emia; and a variety of other high-quality new drugs.
In addition to these innovative pharmaceutical products, we also offer other successful pharmaceutical products, including Urief®, a drug for the treatment of dysuria associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia
(BPH); Beova®, a drug for the treatment of overactive bladder; Epoetin Alfa BS Injection [JCR], a drug for the treatment of renal anemia; and P-TOL®, a drug for the treatment of hyperphosphatemia, in our priority areas of urology, and renal diseases and dialysis, where we per- form strongly. At the same time, we are focused on R&D for rare diseases. Moreover, we are growing our nutri- tional business through development and sales of special therapeutic food products represented by the Yume Series of protein controlled foods.
We firmly believe that a pharmaceutical company cannot exist without R&D, an idea which has been passed on since our founding, and continue to develop and pro- vide original pharmaceuticals to further improve global health.
The financial forecasts, R&D plans, and other forward-looking statements that appear in this report are based on information available to the Company at the time of disclosure. In other words, such information forms the basis of our future outlooks. For that reason, projections may differ from actual financial and R&D results.
Numerical Data
Amounts in this report are rounded down. As a result, the sum and breakdown of data may not equal the total amounts.
  Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 1

 Kissei’s Business
Kissei’s Value Creation Process
The Kissei Group consists of five companies, including a consoli- dated financial statement submitting company, three consoli- dated domestic subsidiaries, and one unconsolidated overseas subsidiary. The main focus of the Kissei Group is the manufac- ture and sale of ethical drugs, and the related materials. We are developing business activities such as purchase / sales, system development / information processing, construction contract- ing, facility / facility management, information gathering / devel- opment support service, and other services.
Pharmaceutical Business
¥61.5 billion, 85.1%
Kissei is guided by its firm belief that a pharmaceutical company cannot exist without R&D, which has been passed on since its founding. As an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company, Kissei is conducting research and development, manufacturing, and sales of mainly ethical drugs to improve the quality of life for patients and their families around the world.
Furthermore, based on the principle that a healthy diet leads to a healthy body, we are also developing our nutritional business in order to contribute to medical care through food.
Pharmaceuticals*1 ¥50.9 billion, 82.8%
In the pharmaceutical business, we are conducting research and develop- ment on pharmaceutical products in the priority areas of urology, renal diseases and dialysis, and rare diseases. We aim to develop innovative phar- maceutical products that contribute
Other Businesses
¥10.7 billion, 14.9%
Fiscal 2018 Consolidated net sales
¥72.2 billion
Kissei conducts business activities while responding to changing external environments in pursuit of its management vision—to be an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company that contributes to the health of people around the world through innovative pharmaceutical products. We are working to improve corporate value by sharing results with a range of stakeholders, building relationships of trust, and further enhancing management capital. Our goal is to achieve continuous growth as a company that is invaluable to society by means of enhancing this cycle throughout the medium to long term.
to the improvement of medicine and the health of people around the world by aggressive incorporation of lead- ing-edge technology and joint research and collaborations with our foreign and domestic partners.
Therapeutic and care foods
Others*2
¥6.7 billion, 11.0%
Fiscal 2018 Non-consolidated net sales (Pharmaceutical Business)
¥61.5 billion
Sales of Major Domestic Pharmaceuticals in Fiscal 2018
Business Activities
Kissei’s business processes and strengths
Achieve continuous, long-term growth by carrying out enhancements of management capital from business outcomes and strengthening competitiveness
What Kissei Gets (outcomes)
The establishment of its unique presence worldwide
Stable management base
The trust of its stakeholders
Policy in support of
new drug development Etc.
We develop and sell various food products, such as protein controlled foods and energy supply foods, so that people who have restricted dietary habits, such as the elderly and patients suffering from renal diseases, will feel com- forted by our foods and be able to
enjoy eating them. By leveraging the technology and development know- how cultivated over many years in the pharmaceutical business, we are cre- ating food products that are tasty, nutritionally balanced, easy to eat, and appropriate to a therapeutic diet.
*1: Including active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) and bulk exports
*2: Supply to domestic sales partners + revenue from technical fees (contract fees
from out-licensing of R&D themes, milestone income, and running royalties)
Urief®
Beova®
P-TOL®
Epoetin Alfa BS
¥17.8 billion ¥0.7 billion ¥4.8 billion ¥6.0 billion
Glubes® Glufast® RECTABUL® Others
¥4.4 ¥1.6 ¥0.6
¥14.8
billion billion billion billion
Contribution to the health and medical care of people around the world
Diversification of medical needs
Safe and high-quality products using its technical abilities and human capital
Discovery of unmet medical needs
2 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 3
¥3.7 billion, 6.2%
As an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company, build a uniform value chain for drugs and therapeutic food products that spans from development to production and sales
What Kissei Gives
Management Vision
Financial capital
Strong capital structure
Production capital
Factory and laboratory equipment
Contribute to society
through high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products
Serve society through our employees
Kissei’s Management Capital
Natural capital
Co-existing with nature as a company involved in life sciences
Intellectual capital
Competitive intellectual property
CSR Management
Human capital
Human resources with profound knowledge and technical skills
Social capital
Partnerships with local communities and stakeholders
Procurement
Research and development
Quality assurance
Production
Sales and services
Patients and their families
Prescription drugs and special therapeutic food products
Drug development
Technical ability
Drug observation
Human capital
Kissei’s Management Philosophy
External Environments that Impact Operations

                                                                                                Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Medium-Term Management Plan
  Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries Years ended March 31
For the Year:
Net Sales
R&D Expenses
Capital Investment
Operating Income
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
At Year-End:
Total Assets Total Net Assets
Per Share (Yen and U.S. Dollars):
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent*2:
Primary
Cash Dividends
Key Ratios (%): Operating Income Ratio R&D Expenses Ratio Return on Assets (ROA) Return on Equity (ROE) Shareholders’ Equity Ratio Dividend Payout Ratio
Others:
Number of Employees Number of Shares Issued
Non-Financial Data:
Energy Used (kL)
CO2 Emissions (tons)
Amount of Waste Generated (tons) Final Disposal Amount (tons)
Millions of yen, except per share data 2017
Thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data*1
2019
$651,324 141,541 10,604 55,874 49,378
$1,923,622 1,646,009
$1.06 0.45
Medium-Term Management Plan “Co-Creation” (fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2021)
 2015
¥70,110 14,488 1,825 8,334 7,165
¥181,484 150,720
¥142.14 42.0
11.9 20.7 4.0 4.9 82.9 29.5
1,883 56,911,185
9,256 20,916 439 18
2016
¥71,294 14,106 1,942 10,274 8,165
¥193,345 158,125
¥166.89 44.0
14.4 19.8 4.4 5.3 81.6 26.4
1,908 54,311,185
9,281 20,695 398 14
2018 2019
¥74,009 ¥72,297 14,179 15,711 1,989 1,177 9,887 6,202 9,045 5,481
¥210,821 ¥213,522 176,092 182,707
¥188.26 ¥117.33 48.0 50.0
13.4 8.6 19.2 21.7 4.3 2.6 5.4 3.1 83.3 85.4 25.5 42.6
1,903 1,907 51,811,185 51,811,185
8,694 8,489 19,162 18,516 424 461 12 15
Basic Policy
Management Vision
We aim to be an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company that contributes to the health of people around the world through innovative pharmaceutical products.
I. Strengthening of drug discovery research
II. Expansion of product portfolios
III. Maximizing domestic sales of medical drugs IV. Construction of stable earnings base overseas
Issues to Address
The environment surrounding the pharmaceutical industry is one in the midst of a structural transformation. In the face of growing demand for development of medicine for both rare and intractable diseases, and as medical needs such as improved quality of life are becoming more sophisticated and diversified, the resource pool for new medicine is shrinking. In addition, lower success rates for new drug development, com- bined with growing R&D risks (which leads to growing R&D costs), have resulted in greater difficulty in the development of new medicine. In addition, Japan’s population decline— brought on by a shrinking birthrate and an aging popula- tion—has led to an increasingly stringent supply of social security resources. This has also led to social security reforms, including measures to curb medical expenses through the promotion of generic drug use and other means. There is also fierce competition within the industry as companies adapt to a new market structure, spurred by major changes in the global market in the midst of instability overseas.
In order for us to overcome these changes in the business environment and achieve stable and sustainable growth, we will work to expand our product portfolio by producing inno- vative drugs as an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company.
Fiscal 2018 marked the second year of our five-year medium-term management plan, “Co-Creation.” As part of this plan, we will focus on realizing the following eight initiatives as soon as possible.
Financial Targets for the Final Year (fiscal 2021)
                                           ¥71,706 13,877 1,477 8,491 7,726
¥186,801 157,783
¥158.74 46.0
11.8 19.4 4.1 4.9 84.3 29.0
1,905 54,311,185
8,945 19,701 366 13
Consolidated net sales Non-consolidated net sales
Pharmaceuticals*1 Therapeutic and care foods Others*2
Consolidated operating income R&D expenses
“Co-Creation” Targets
Over ¥ 73.0 billion Over ¥ 61.0 billion Over ¥50.5billion
                               Over ¥ Over ¥ Over ¥
4.5 billion 6.0 billion 6.5 billion
                      ¥ 13.0 billion
                                                                                                                   *1: U.S. dollar amounts are translated at the rate of ¥111=U.S.$1, the approximate effective rate of exchange at March 31, 2019.
*2: Profit attributable to owners of parent per share is computed based on the weighted-average number of shares of common stock after subtracting the weighted-average number of
shares of treasury stock for the year.
*1: Including active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) and bulk exports
*2: Supply to domestic sales partners + revenue from technical fees (contract fees
from out-licensing of R&D themes, milestone income, and running royalties)
1 Promoteinnovativedrugdiscovery
As we develop the strengths of the Company, we will use our ever-growing expertise and incorporate new technology from open innovation. This in turn will allow us to build a foundation for research and development that can continuously create new drugs.
2 Expandproductportfolioforfuturegrowth
We will expand our portfolio by proactively investing management resources both into promoting R&D projects and into active in-licensing focused on strategies and future innovations in medical technology.
3 Maximize domestic sales of medical drugs by strengthening strategies and launching and promoting new products
We will take hold of the new drug market by prompt and steady acquisition of permission to manufacture and sell products in the later stages of devel- opment and by promoting drugs based on careful market analysis.
4 Construct stable earnings base overseas through out-licensing of innovative drugs
We aim to maximize our overseas profits by strengthening ties with our overseas licensing partners and build and expand a stable overseas earnings base by out-licensing new drug candidates.
5 Construct an efficient production system to create a stable supply of high-quality drugs
While improving the efficiency of manufacturing and distribution costs, we will promote the stable supply of safe and reliable high-quality pharmaceu- tical products to accommodate customer needs.
6 Expandandsecureprofitsinthenutritionalbusiness
Increase profitability by continuously introducing food products to the nurs-
ing, eldercare, and renal diseases fields and by establishing a competitive advantage in the home healthcare market.
7 Training personnel capable of executing strategies
We will work toward measured cultivation of human resources who possess a high level of expertise and are able to execute strategies in response to changes in the business environment.
8 Promotecompliance
We will fulfill our mission as a listed company and a company involved in the life sciences industry.
4 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 5

  Letter from the CEO
Letter from the CEO
 As an R&D-oriented company,
we will provide safe, high-quality products driven by our technical prowess and talented personnel in order to contribute to the health and medical care of
people around the world.
role as public institutions and take actions to correct our standing. I believe that in these times of drastic change, following our management philosophy—to contribute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceuti- cal products and serve society through our employees— will guide us toward greater corporate value.
To this end, we are implementing our current five-year medium-term management plan “Co-Creation” (fiscal 2017–fiscal 2021), beginning in April 2017. In the second year of the plan, the fiscal year under review, the patent expired for Urief® (Japanese product name, generic name: silodosin), a drug treatment for dysuria with BPH and one of our main products. To address this management issue, in fiscal 2019 we are focusing on the steady launch of products in the late stages of the development pipeline to market. These include the releases of Beova®, a treat- ment for overactive bladder, and P-TOL® Granules, a new micro-tablet-type granule dosage form of the treatment for hyperphosphatemia, in November 2018, and acquiring approval for Glubes® Combination Orally Disintegrating Tablet in February 2019, a new dosage form of the treat- ment for type 2 diabetes which we launched in June 2019. In addition, an application for JR-131 (development code), a biosimilar of darbepoetin alfa (generic name), a long- acting erythropoiesis-stimulating agent for the treatment of renal anemia, was submitted for approval in September 2018 by co-developer JCR Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Staying rooted in speed and quality, we focused on creating new research themes for drug discovery, and research directed at the early clinical stages. At the same time, we made an aggressive push with our licensing activities in order to expand our product portfolio. These include a contract signed in October 2018 with Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to secure exclusive development and marketing rights in Asian territories for the small molecule spleen tyrosine kinase inhibitor, R788 (development code, generic name: fostamatinib), and an agreement signed in June 2019 with Ferring Pharma Co., Ltd. for co-promotion in Japan of MINIRIN MELT® OD tablet 25μg and 50μg, for the treat- ment of nocturia due to nocturnal polyuria in men.
As an R&D-oriented company, we are working toward sustainable growth. Through the cooperation of our various stakeholders, we are also working to meet our responsibility to society as a company. To that end, in July 2019 we declared the following management policy in accordance with the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), directed at making them a reality.
The Kissei Group Policy for Achieving the SDGs
To realize our management philosophy—to contribute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical
products and serve society through our employees— we will conduct business that maintains a proper balance between economic, environ-
mental, and social aspects while keep-
ing compliance our top priority. In doing so, we will contribute to achiev- ing the SDGs.
Our governance system comprises a Board of Directors containing 14 members, including two independent out- side directors. In addition, our system employs a corpo- rate auditor system with four corporate auditors sitting on the Board of Corporate auditors, two of whom are outside auditors. We determine outside directors based on the independently determined criteria and necessary qualifications set forth in the Kissei Basic Policy on Corporate Governance. In addition, we have also estab- lished a Nomination and Compensation Deliberation Committee to propose candidates for dismissal or appointment as director, to deliberate over director compensation, and to propose candidates for the Board of Directors. This committee typically comprises the rep- resentative director, a Board member in charge of per- sonnel, and an outside director, but will also include an outside corporate auditor when nominating a candidate for a corporate auditor position or when a corporate auditor is up for dismissal. As CEO, I am responsible for all matters related to management, while Mr. Furihata, the Company president, is responsible for all matters related to business execution.
We intend to build trust with society as a company with a clear raison d’être by maintaining a dialogue with our various stakeholders, be they patients, medical care providers, business partners, shareholders, investors, employees, or local community members. The patent expiration of Urief® and the negative effects it has had on performance are temporary setbacks from which we will achieve renewed growth. In doing so, we will achieve our aim of improving corporate value.
I ask for the ongoing understanding and support of all our stakeholders moving forward.
   Guided by its management philosophy, the Kissei Group is aiming to make significant contributions to society. The Group promotes management policies that emphasize the importance of shareholders, employees, local com- munities, history and culture, and the environment. The management vision underpinning its core pharmaceuti- cal business challenges Kissei Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (Kissei) to be an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company that contributes to the health of people around the world through innovative pharmaceutical products. To that end, Kissei is actively pushing forward with patient- centered measures including the undertaking of R&D activities, high-quality drug manufacturing, the collection and provision of medical information necessary for the optimum use of its products, the implementation of effi- cient operations, and the construction of a total market- ing system. In addition, each Kissei Group company assists in our pharmaceutical business and leverages its technologies to help develop our operations both domestically and internationally.
A combination of Japan’s aging population, the need to keep medical technology up to date with the latest technological advancements, and the appearance of
high drug prices have placed significant financial pres- sure on the medical insurance system, which has created increasingly harsh conditions surrounding the pharma- ceutical industry. As part of the effort to alleviate some of this pressure and move to a more sustainable system, the National Health Insurance Drug Prices Standard System has undergone a major overhaul. With an ongoing zero- growth scenario expected for Japan’s pharmaceutical market, it is clear that a company’s survival hinges on whether it can produce a continuous stream of new drugs to the market or not. On the other hand, we are seeing major upheavals in conditions surrounding R&D in the pharmaceutical industry, as well as the general con- cept of R&D itself. Technological innovations in life sci- ences, for example, have shifted development toward more difficult targets, such as rare and intractable dis- eases. Furthermore, drug discovery methods are advanc- ing at a rapid pace, and new treatment methods and medical technologies are entering into practical use. At the same time, society is keeping a strict eye on corporate governance within the pharmaceutical industry, as scan- dal and malpractice in the industry become a growing social problem, signaling a need for us to take note of our
July 2019
  Mutsuo Kanzawa
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  6 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 7

  Message from the COO
Message from the COO
 As for R&D in the pharmaceutical business, an application for approval was submitted for JR-131 (development code), a biosimilar of darbepoetin alfa (generic name), a long-acting erythropoiesis-stimulating agent for the treatment of renal anemia. The application was submitted in September 2018 by JCR Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd., who co-developed the drug. In October 2018, Kissei signed a contract with Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the exclusive development and marketing rights in Japan, China, Korea, and Taiwan for the small molecule spleen tyrosine kinase inhibitor, R788 (development code, generic name: fostamatinib). In addition, in February 2019, Kissei acquired approval for the development and marketing of Glubes® Combination Orally Disintegrating Tablet, a new dosage form of the drug, which is a treatment for type 2 diabetes. This product was listed in the NHI price list in June 2019 and was launched the same month. Results from the phase III clinical trial of KPS-0373 (development code,
Outlook for the Current Fiscal Year
In the domestic pharmaceutical market, business conditions will likely remain difficult as the Japanese government continues to promote policies to reduce public medical treatment costs, such as by encouraging the use of generic drugs. In terms of other businesses, the pace of economic recovery has been sluggish, and they will continue to exist within a harsh economic climate.
Net Sales
In the pharmaceutical business, we will continue our efforts to cultivate P-TOL®, Beova®, Glubes®, and other drugs. However, sales of Urief® are expected to fall due to the release of generic versions of the drug. As a result, we forecast a decrease in sales. We antici- pate a decrease for other businesses as well.
Income
Selling, general and administration expenses will decrease, but we anticipate a decline in profit due to a decrease in sales and a rising cost of sales ratio. We do not anticipate any other notewor- thy changes to profit and loss outside of a gain on sales of invest- ment securities.
generic name: rovatirelin), a drug for the treatment of spinocere- bellar ataxia, were deemed negative after the drug did not show significant differences from a placebo in terms of mean changes from baseline SARA* scores, the main tool for assessing ataxia and the primary endpoint for the trial. Because of this outcome, we are assessing the results of the trial in detail, including subgroup analy- sis, based on the severity of the obtained results.
* The SARA (Scale for the Assessment and Rating of Ataxia) is a tool for assessing ataxia. It has 8 categories with a cumulative score ranging from 0 (no ataxia) to 40 (most severe ataxia). When completing the outcome measure each category is assessed and scored accordingly. Scores for the 8 categories are as follows: 1. Gait, 2. Stance,
3. Sitting, 4. Speech disturbance, 5. Finger chase, 6. Nose-finger test, 7. Fast alternating hand movement, 8. Heel-shin slide.
    Yoshio Furihata
President and
Chief Operating Officer
 R&D Expenses / R&D Expenses Ratio
  Review of Operations
Overview of Operations in the Year under Review
Net sales for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 decreased 2.3%, to ¥72,297 million. Segment sales for the pharmaceutical business, the core business of the Kissei Group, were down 3.7%, to ¥61,520 million.
Looking at the pharmaceutical business, patents for Urief® Tablet and Urief® OD Tablet, a drug for the treatment of dysuria associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia, expired in December 2018. However, aggressive promotional activities resulted in higher sales of the aforementioned Urief® Tablet and Urief® OD Tablet; P-TOL® Chewable Tablet, a drug for the treat- ment of hyperphosphatemia; and RECTABUL® 2mg Rectal Foam 14 Doses, a treatment for ulcerative colitis. However, the April 2018 reforms to the NHI Drug Prices Standard System in Japan, coupled with lower revenue from technical fees, resulted in an overall drop in sales.
As for new drugs entering the domestic market, in November 2018 we began sales of both Beova®, a treatment for overactive bladder co-developed with KYORIN Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., and P-TOL® Granules, a new dosage form of the Kissei-developed treatment for hyperphosphatemia. Furthermore, in August 2018,
with the consent of Kissei, Daiichi Sankyo Espha Co., Ltd. received manufacturing and marketing approval for an authorized generic (AG) version of Urief® Tablet and OD Tablet, which were listed in the NHI price list in December 2018. Kissei will handle manufactur- ing of the AG version of the drug, while Daiichi Sankyo Espha will be responsible for sales. The drug was launched in March 2019.
Moving overseas, in the U.S., silodosin (generic name, brand name in Japan: Urief®), a drug for the treatment of dysuria associ- ated with benign prostatic hyperplasia, was launched as a generic drug as a result of patent expiration. However, we have continued our licensing agreement in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa with Recordati S.p.A (Italy), which has continued to promote this product in these licensed areas in fiscal 2018.
In other businesses, net sales were up 6.5% year on year to ¥10,777 million, reflecting increased revenues in the information services, merchandising, and construction industries.
In terms of income, operating income and profit attributable to owners of parent both decreased as a result of lower revenue, a higher cost of sales ratio, and higher selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses, which were largely due to R&D expenses.
Millions of yen 16,000
12,000
8,000
4,000
0
15 16 17 18 19
Years ended March 31
% 24
18
12
6
0
    8 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 9
R&D Expenses
R&D Expenses Ratio (right)

                                            Message from the COO
Message from the COO
   Management Policy for the Fiscal Year under Review
Cash Dividends per Share / Dividend Payout Ratio
Yen % 50 50
40 40
30 30
20 20
10 10
00 15 16 17 18 19
    We are giving top priority to investing management resources toward continued expansion of our product portfolio. As we engage in vigorous R&D activities for drug discovery, we are also making active efforts
to build alliances to match our strategies.
expiration of Urief® and find renewed growth. To this end, we have worked as an entire Group to create new growth drivers. These efforts include the launch of RECTABUL®, P-TOL® Granules, and Glubes® Combination Orally Disintegrating Tablet, as well as the application for approval submitted for JR-131; the introduc- tion and promotion of global trials for CCX168 (development code, generic name: avacopan), a selective inhibitor of the com- plement C5a receptor; the introduction of R788 (development code, generic name: fostamatinib) to Asian regions; the concur- rent domestic and overseas development of KLH-2109 (devel- opment code, generic name: linzagolix), a GnRH antagonist discovered by Kissei; and the establishment of new research themes for drug discovery. These fledgling growth drivers will be what support Kissei in the future. In the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, we will ensure that these growth drivers develop into supporting foundations quickly by clearly prioritizing each one in accordance with our business strategy, and allotting resources in a dynamic fashion. In doing so, we will steadily build a business foundation for regrowth.
We will rebuild domestic sales in the wake of the Urief® patent expiration via efforts to optimize our key strategic products— Beova®, P-TOL®, Glubes®, RECTABUL®, the dry mouth treatment SALAGEN®, and JR-131—for use in practical medical treatments. We will also move forward with plans to develop themes at the clinical development stage according to priorities to quickly and
Years ended March 31
   Cash Dividends per Share
Dividend Payout Ratio (right)
 Management Strategy
Kissei aims to contribute to society as an R&D-oriented phar- maceutical company that develops and offers innovative pharmaceutical products to support the health of people all over the world. By advancing the basic strategies of our five-year medium-term management plan “Co-Creation”, launched in fiscal 2017, we are working to strengthen our business foundations in order to achieve stable growth into the future. Our management strategy focuses on the following key points.
(1) We will strengthen the functionality of our drug discovery efforts in order to spur the continuous creation of new drugs that are highly unique and competitive.
(2) We will expand our product portfolio that will carry us into the future by promoting research and development projects and active in-licensing.
(3) We will expand our presence in the urology, renal diseases and dialysis, and rare disease areas of medical treatment and increase the domestic sales of ethical drugs through the steady transition of products, from the late-development stage to application and approval and smooth introduction to the market.
(4) We will build a stable earnings base overseas through out- licensing new drug discovery.
Over the last two years, Kissei has seen the cancellation of
development themes and changes in schedules, but we have been steadfast in our determination to overcome the patent
We strive for renewed growth
by continuously releasing new drugs
steadily bring new products to the Japanese market. In overseas earnings, we will work with partner companies to maintain and expand income from silodosin, while building a new income base with KLH-2109. Moreover, we will derive new development themes and products through flexible coordination between related departments.
To ensure continuous growth even further into the future, we will make bold investments toward creating promising research themes for drug discovery. We will also expand our pipeline by introducing new R&D themes concentrated on focus areas and areas we want to strengthen. At the same time, we will introduce products to the market that will add to Kissei’s competitive edge. Working under an appropriate quality assurance system, we will achieve growth in the therapeutic and care foods business by improving the mail-order business and investing in new products.
As a pharmaceutical company involved in life sciences, we always bear in mind the need to conduct activities from a high ethical viewpoint. Therefore, we are careful to verify the business processes taking place in each department, with full awareness of the importance of maintaining compliance with laws and regula- tions, and securing trust. In particular, we perform activities in accordance with the Guidelines for Prescription Drug Marketing Information Provision implemented in April of this year, and the Work Style Reform Bill. Moreover, we will strive to fulfill our mis- sion as a company involved in life sciences through appropriate
management of corporate governance and internal control sys- tems, as well as the promotion of our Compliance Program.
As we engage in vigorous R&D activities for drug creation, we are also actively engaged in alliances and are matching our prod- ucts and R&D themes with our strategies. While the ongoing development of these R&D and alliance investments may have a temporary impact from the perspective of business performance, these are essential investments to establish our future profit struc- tures. Ultimately, the goal of this process is to improve the ratio of sales to operating profit by pursuing efficiency from all points of view and improving profitability.
As for profit allocation, we stand rooted in making stable dividend payouts while taking care to secure lasting business foundations.
Going forward, we would like to ask for the continued under- standing and support of our stakeholders.
 10 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 11
I. Rebuild domestic sales by launching and increasing the value of new products
II. Promote domestic development of treatments for rare diseases
III. Promote drug discovery research and find openings into promising themes
IV.
Build a new revenue base overseas
• Promote development of treatment for uterine fibroids and endometriosis in Europe and North America
• Derive new development themes and products
Yoshio Furihata
President and Chief Operating Officer
July 2019
     
    Research and Development (R&D)
Research and Development (R&D)
 Basic Policy
As an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company, Kissei aims to develop and provide innovative drugs by investing management resources predominantly in research on drug discovery. The driving force behind the Company’s R&D efforts is the desire to help patients who are suffering from illnesses and contribute to the health of people around the world.
Kissei has adopted “strengthening of drug discovery research” as the first basic policy of our medium-term management plan, “Co-Creation,” which went into effect in April 2017. Based on this policy, we are focusing on the key areas of urology, renal diseases and dialysis, as well as the field of rare diseases, where satisfaction with treatment is low, in pursuit of creating new, highly original, and innovative pharmaceutical products.
Our drug discovery research targets mainly revolve around small molecule compounds, but in recent years we have been researching biologics as well. In this way, we are working to improve our knowledge and technical skill in this field and thereby strengthen our overall research base.
In-Licensing New R&D Themes
R&D projects that are still under clinical development are moving for- ward according to priority, and we aim for the early and continuous launch of these products into the domestic market. The Company will make bold investments toward creating promising drug
Status of Main Research and Development Activities
The features and progress of the main R&D projects we are cur- rently pursuing are as follows.
JR-131 (development code) is a biosimilar of darbepoetin alfa (generic name), a long-acting erythropoiesis-stimulating agent for renal anemia. Phase III clinical trials conducted by JCR Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. and Kissei in 2016 confirmed equiva- lence with darbepoetin alfa, the original biopharmaceutical of its type. In this trial, we verified the equivalence in efficacy and evalu- ated the safety of JR-131 compared to darbepoetin alfa. The results showed equivalence between JR-131 and darbepoetin alfa in the change in hemoglobin concentration, the primary efficacy end- point, and also showed similarity with regard to the safety profile. Based on these trial results, JCR Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. filed a marketing application for this drug in September 2018.
We are proceeding with our efforts to pursue new research proj- ects for drug discovery. These efforts are being aided within the R&D Division by the Drug Discovery Strategy Office, which was established in April 2019 and is responsible for managing proposals for research targets related to drug discovery, and the Drug Discovery Research Laboratory, which is responsible for managing all research projects related to drug discovery. By clearly delegating these responsibilities we will be better able to create new, highly original drugs that will drive the Company in the future. These two functions will maintain a cooperative relationship with other spe- cialized laboratories, which will increase the mutual quality of their work, and allow us to allocate appropriate funds and research according to project priority and proceed with drug discovery research with a sense of speed.
We believe that open innovation is essential to discovering drug discovery seeds, acquiring new research themes, introducing new technology, and harnessing various research modalities. Maintaining active access to the various deliverables that academia provides will lead to creative drug discovery.
discovery, and will be in-licensing new R&D projects with an empha- sis on the Company’s focus areas and areas we are looking to strengthen. These actions will serve to expand the Company pipe- line further and secure continuous growth for the future.
KPS-0373 (development code, generic name: rovatirelin), an orally administered drug for the treatment of spinocerebellar ataxia, is a thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) analog discov- ered by Shionogi & Co., Ltd. Additional phase III clinical trials con- ducted in 2016 showed no statistically significant changes in the total SARA score evaluating ataxia, the primary endpoint of the trial, when compared to a placebo. We have conducted detailed analysis based on the results of the two phase III clinical trials, including subgroup analysis based on the severity of results. This matter is currently being discussed with Japan’s Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA).
AJM300 (development code, generic name: carotegrast methyl), for the treatment of ulcerative colitis, began an addi- tional phase III clinical trial based on consultations with the PMDA
concerning the results of the prior phase III clinical trial and in order for Kissei and EA Pharma Co., Ltd. to gain approval for the drug.
With regard to CCX168 (development code, generic name: ava- copan), a therapeutic agent for rare diseases in the renal disease field, we have participated in a phase III multi-regional clinical trial in patients with anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody-associated vasculitis (AAV), which is being conducted by U.S.-based ChemoCentryx, Inc.
We have completed conducting late phase II clinical trials in Japan for the GnRH antagonist KLH-2109 (development code, generic name: linzagolix) for the treatment of endometriosis, and are investigating future development strategies. Overseas, phase III clinical trials are underway for the treatment of endometriosis and uterine fibroids by Swiss-based ObsEva SA, the out-licensee for this drug.
Phase II clinical trials of MR13A9 (development code, generic name: difelikefalin), a kappa opioid receptor agonist for the
treatment of uremic pruritus in dialysis patients, are being carried out by Maruishi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., with whom we have a collaboration agreement with. This drug, which is delivered intra- venously, is both convenient for patients and improves drug compliance, and shows promise as a new treatment option for pruritus.
KDT-3594 (development code) is a non-ergot dopamine ago- nist discovered by Kissei as a treatment for Parkinson’s disease. It has been suggested that stimulation of dopamine receptors present in the basal ganglia ameliorate the symptoms caused by the lack of dopamine. We are currently conducting Phase II clinical trials.
We are conducting phase I / II clinical trials of YS110 (develop- ment code), a humanized anti-CD26 monoclonal antibody, in patients with malignant mesothelioma in Japan, based on the results of a clinical trial conducted in France.
 Promoting Clinical Development of Drugs for Treating Rare Diseases in Japan
We are going forward with late-stage development projects in the rare diseases field.
• Thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) analog
• Phase III clinical trial results under analysis
• Aim to submit application for approval after discussions with PMDA
• Selective inhibitor of the complement C5a receptor discovered by U.S.-based ChemoCentryx, Inc.
• Phase III multi-regional clinical trial in progress (subjects fully enrolled)
• Orphan designation in Japan, the U.S., and Europe (Japan designation received in March
2019. Priority review and reexamination period extended)
• Small molecule spleen tyrosine kinase inhibitor developed by U.S.-based Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
• Exclusive development and marketing rights in Japan, China, Korea, and Taiwan • Preparations for clinical trials in Japan in progress
  Spinocerebellar ataxia
KPS-0373 (development code) Generic name: Rovatirelin
 Microscopic polyangiitis, granulomatosis with polyangiitis, C3 glomerulopathy, atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome
CCX168 (development code) Generic name: Avacopan
 Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, autoimmune hemolytic anemia, IgA nephropathy
R788 (development code) Generic name: Fostamatinib
        12 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 13

 Research and Development (R&D)
Research and Development (R&D)
R&D Pipeline As of July 2019 In-House
Topic 1
CCX168 (Development Code, Generic Name: Avacopan), a Selective Inhibitor of the Complement C5a Receptor
Development Code (Generic Name)
Renal and dialysis
JR-131
MR13A9 (Difelikefalin)
Stage
Phase NDA
Anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (ANCA)-associated vasculitis (AAV) is a serious intractable disease causing inflammation and leading to damage of blood vessels, which causes damage to vari- ous organs including the kidneys due to ischemia and necrosis. Onset of AAV is associated with ANCA. AAV is categorized into microscopic polyangiitis (MPA), granulomatosis with polyangiitis (GPA), and eosinophilic granulomatosis with polyangiitis (EGPA).
Treatments for MPA and GPA are classified into remission induc- tion aimed at resolving inflammation of blood vessels, and subse- quent maintenance of the remission. The standard of care (SoC) for remission induction is a combination therapy with high-dose corti- costeroids and cyclophosphamide or rituximab or other type of drug. The SoC for remission maintenance is a combination therapy with low-dose corticosteroids and azathioprine or other type of drug.
Avacopan is an orally-administered complement C5a inhibitor. Because the production of complement C5a (which is responsible for the immune response) is deeply involved in inflammation due to MPA and GPA, avacopan is expected to function as a therapeutic drug with a new mechanism that differs from existing drugs. Although corticosteroids that play a central role in current SoC are effective in MPA and GPA, there is an unmet medical need in that corticosteroids cause frequent and clinically significant adverse
drug reactions. In a phase II clinical trial, avacopan showed non- inferiority compared to high-dose corticosteroids in a primary efficacy endpoint, with a lower incidence of adverse events associ- ated with corticosteroids. Avacopan is expected to be highly useful as a drug that can reduce dosages of corticosteroids, shorten the dura- tion of corticosteroid therapy, or replace corticosteroids altogether.
Target indication: microscopic polyangiitis (MPA), granulomatosis with polyangiitis (GPA), forms of anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (ANCA)-associated vasculitis (AAV)
Number of patients in Japan:
11, 223 (designated as patients with an intractable disease) (MPA 8,669, GPA 2,554)
(Based on number of recipients of specific medical expenses for intractable diseases in fiscal 2017)
Overseas Summary
• Discovered by U.S.-based ChemoCentryx, Inc.
• Not yet approved worldwide, a phase III multi-regional clinical trial in
progress including in Japan
• Orphan drug designation in the U.S. and Europe (and designated in Japan in
March 2019)
• Granted PRIority MEdicines (PRIME) eligibility by European Medicines Agency
(EMA)
* PRIority MEdicines: a scheme launched to enhance support for the development of new medicines that are expected to show major benefits compared to existing treatments, or to benefit patients who lack treatment options.
Unmet medical needs
KPS-0373 (Rovatirelin)
AJM300 (Carotegrast Methyl)
CCX168 (Avacopan)
YS110
Other
KLH-2109 (Linzagolix)
KDT-3594
Out-Licensing
Development Code (Generic Name)
Urology
Silodosin
Diabetes
Mitiglinide
Other
KLH-2109 (Linzagolix)
KLH-2109 (Linzagolix)
Bedoradrine
Spinocerebellar ataxia Ulcerative colitis
Microscopic polyangiitis Granulomatosis with polyangiitis
Malignant mesothelioma
Endometriosis Parkinson’s disease
Expected Indications
Dysuria associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia
Type 2 diabetes mellitus
Uterine fibroids Endometriosis
Acute exacerbation of asthma
Phase 1/2
Expected Indications
Renal anemia
Uremic pruritus in dialysis patients
Category
Increase the red blood cell (RBC) count
Kappa opioid receptor agonist
Product mimetic of TRH action
Alpha 4 integrin antagonist
Selective inhibitor of complement C5a receptor
Humanized anti-CD26 monoclonal antibody
GnRH antagonist
Dopamine receptor stimulation
Category
Alpha 1A-adrenoceptor blocker
Rapid-acting insulin secretagogue
GnRH antagonist
GnRH antagonist
Beta 2 adrenergic receptor agonist
Development Classification
In-licensed / Co-development with JCR Pharmaceuticals (Japan)
In-licensed / Co-development with Maruishi Pharmaceutical (Japan)
In-licensed / Shionogi (Japan)
In-licensed / Co-development with EA Pharma (Japan)
In-licensed / Vifor-Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma (Switzerland)
In-licensed / Y’s AC, University of Tokyo, AMED (Japan)
Kissei Kissei
Territory
ASEAN, India, Sri Lanka*1
ASEAN *2
Worldwide, excluding some countries in Asia such as Japan
Worldwide, excluding some countries in Asia such as Japan
Worldwide, except for Japan
1 2
3 filed
Remarks
A biosimilar of “darbepoetin alfa”
*1: Launched in Thailand, India, Indonesia, the Philippines, Cambodia, Myanmar, Malaysia/ NDA in 2 ASEAN countries *2: Launched in Thailand, the Philippines, Cambodia, Myanmar/ Approved in Laos/ NDA in Vietnam
Progress after July 2018 covers the area inside the dashed lines.
Kissei signed a contract in October 2018 with U.S.-based Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for exclusive development and marketing rights for the small molecule spleen tyrosine kinase (Syk) inhibitor R788 (development code, generic name: fostamatinib).
Based on the agreement, Kissei will have exclusive development and marketing rights of the drug in Japan, China, Korea, and Taiwan. The drug, which has received an orphan drug designation for
an indication of idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP), was launched in the U.S. under Rigel in May 2018. In addition, EMA received a marketing authorization application (MAA) from Rigel in October 2018 that is currently under review.
ITP, which is one of the intended indications of this drug, is an autoimmune disease in which the number of circulating platelets in the body is heavily reduced by the appearance of auto-antibodies that target and destroy platelets. In Japan, ITP has been designated as an intractable disease by the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare.
Currently, treatments of ITP are categorized into two types: treat- ments that suppress platelet destruction and treatments that pro- mote platelet production. The suppressing platelet destruction therapies include corticosteroids, rituximab, and splenectomy; on the other hand, promoting platelet production therapies utilize thrombopoetin (TPO) receptor agonists.
Early treatment for ITP involves the administration of high-dose steroids and a splenectomy. Rituximab or TPO receptor agonists are used when these treatments prove to be ineffective.
Fostamatinib is an orally administered spleen tyrosine kinase inhibitor which inhibits phagocytosis and destruction of platelets by macrophages. The mechanism of action for fostamatinib differs from that of existing drugs and therefore may be effective in patients who have insufficient response to corticosteroids and other existing ther- apies. It is also believed that fostamatinib will have long-term effects through continuous administration.
Fostamatinib is expected to provide new benefits for patients with ITP.
Target indication: idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP)
Number of patients in Japan:
17,618 (designated as patients with an intractable disease)
(Based on number of recipients of specific medical expenses for intractable diseases in fiscal 2017)
Overseas Summary
• Discovered by U.S.-based Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. • April 2018 – received approval in the U.S.
• May 2018 – launched in the U.S.
• July 2019 (current) – MAA is under review by EMA
14 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 15
Stage
Phase NDA
1 2 3 filed
Development Company
Eisai (Japan)
Eisai (Japan)
ObsEva SA (Switzerland)
ObsEva SA (Switzerland)
MediciNova (U.S.)
Topic 2
R788 (Development Code, Generic Name: Fostamatinib), a Small Molecule Spleen Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor

    Major Domestic Pharmaceuticals
Major Domestic Pharmaceuticals
 Dysuria treatment:
Urief® Tablet and OD Tablet
Overactive bladder treatment:
Beova® Tablet
Hyperphosphatemia treatment:
P-TOL® Chewable Tablet, P-TOL® Granules
Urief® is a selective alpha 1A-adrenoceptor blocker developed by Kissei for the treatment of dysuria associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). By blocking alpha 1A-adrenoceptors in the prostate gland, it removes the tension of the prostate gland to improve urethral resistance. It has been co-marketed with Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd., since sales began in May 2006. Sales of Urief® in the form of an orally disintegrating (OD) tablet commenced in January 2016. In March 2019, with the consent of Kissei Pharmaceuticals, Daiichi Sankyo Espha Co., Ltd. began sales of an authorized generic (AG) version of Urief®. Kissei has been handling manufacturing of the AG version of the drug, while Daiichi Sankyo Espha will be responsible for sales.
KYORIN Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. signed a license agreement with Merck & Co., Inc., (Head office: New Jersey, USA) in July 2014 concerning the grant of an exclusive license to develop, manufacture, and market Beova® in Japan. The product has been jointly developed by Kissei and KYORIN under a co-development and co-marketing agreement entered into as of March 2016. KYORIN subsequently received manufacturing and marketing approval in September 2018, and the two companies began drug sales in November 2018.
Vibegron, an active ingredient of Beova® Tablet, is a novel once-daily oral treatment for overactive bladder (OAB). It acts selectively on the bladder’s β3-adrenergic receptor, relaxes the bladder, and enhances urine collection, and consequently improves the symptoms of urgency, urinary frequency, and urge incontinence associated with OAB.
In November 2015, Kissei launched P-TOL® Chewable Tablet in Japan through Swiss- based Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma Ltd. (VFMCRP). P-TOL® decreases serum phosphate concentration by binding oxyhydroxide with phosphoric acid in the gastrointestinal tract and reducing internal phosphate absorption to treat hyperphos- phatemia in patients on dialysis.
As part of life cycle management (LCM), Kissei received approval in September 2018 for the manufacture and sales of P-TOL® Granules, a new micro-tablet-type dosage form of the drug, and sales began in November 2018.
Renal anemia treatment:
Epoetin Alfa BS Injection [JCR]
Diabetes treatment:
Glubes® Combination Tablet, Glubes® Combination OD Tablet
Ulcerative colitis treatment:
RECTABUL® Rectal Foam
Sales in Fiscal 2018
0.7
4.8
4.4
0.6 NDA
Epoetin Alfa BS Injection [JCR] is a biosimilar recombinant human erythropoietin co-developed by Kissei Pharmaceutical and JCR Pharmaceuticals. Kissei has been responsible for sales since May 2010.
The Glubes® Combination Tablet, a combination of Glufast® and voglibose (generic name), was first sold in July 2011 by Kissei, acting independently. The tablet has been highly praised for pro- viding aggressive treatment of postprandial glucose increases as well as being easy to administer and for reducing the economic burden on patients. In February 2018, Kissei received approval for the manufacture and sales of a new dosage form of the drug that rapidly disintegrates in the oral cavity. This orally disintegrating (OD) tablet began sales in June 2018.
RECTABUL® is a rectal foam-type product jointly developed by Kissei and EA Pharma launched in December 2017. This product is the first rectal foam in Japan that uses budesonide as an active ingredient. The delivery method makes it possible to administer in a standing position and prevents leakage afterward.
                        Restructuring of Domestic Sales by New Products
   Dysuria associated with BPH
Urief ®
 Manufacture & supply Urief® AG*
 Launched in November 2018 Overactive bladder
Beova®
Urology
- Manufacture & supply of Urief® AG
- Launch and increase in sales of Beova
  Renal diseases and dialysis
- Increase sales of additional dosage form: P-TOL® Granules
- Launch of Darbepoetin Alfa BS
Hyperphosphatemia
P-TOL® Chewable Tablet
Launched in November 2018 Hyperphosphatemia
P-TOL® Granules
Renal anemia
Epoetin Alfa BS
Scheduled for launch in 2019 Renal anemia
Darbepoetin Alfa BS*
* Authorized generic
  * September 2018 NDA filed
  Metabolism
- Launch and increase in sales of Glubes® OD tablet
Type 2 diabetes
Glubes® Combination Tablet
Launched in June 2019 Type 2 diabetes
Glubes® OD Tablet
  GI
- Increase sales of RECTABUL®
Ulcerative colitis
RECTABUL®
Sales in Fiscal 2019 (forecast)
2.1 6.7 4.7 1.1
Launching
(Billions of yen)
Our medium-term management plan employs various strate- gies to overcome this upcoming patent cliff. In order to achieve stable growth in the next medium-term management plan, we have positioned urology, renal diseases and dialysis, and rare dis- eases as three key fields to focus our management resources on and in which to expand our portfolio.
From fiscal 2018 through fiscal 2019, we are launching products in two of these areas. In urology, we released Beova®, an overac- tive bladder treatment, and in renal diseases and dialysis, we released a new granular formulation of P-TOL®. We are also plan- ning to launch a biosimilar to darbepoetin alfa, a treatment for renal anemia. Moreover, we launched Glubes® Combination Orally Disintegrating Tablet, a new dosage form of the drug for the treatment of type 2 diabetes.
As a measure to overcome the Urief® patent cliff, we are working to quickly turn these four products into highly profitable commodi- ties, and in doing so, we are rebuilding our domestic sales structure.
 Beova®
 P-TOL®
 Glubes®
 RECTABUL®
 Darbepoetin Alfa BS
              16 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 17
The current environment surrounding our business is quite harsh, for reasons including the drastic reform of the NHI Drug Prices Standard System that took place in April 2018 combined with the patent expiration of Urief®, one of our main products, in December 2018.

        Promoting Overseas Development
Production and Procurement
  Kissei’s basic strategy for overseas expansion is to obtain profits from supplying drug substances and obtain royalty income by out-licensing our products.
Kissei’s Production System
Kissei owns and operates two plants for producing pharmaceutical products, located in Matsumoto City and Shiojiri City in Nagano Prefecture. These plants are responsible for the entire manufactur- ing process, from procuring raw materials to shipping finished products. A portion of the finished products are concurrently out- sourced to external parties, ensuring a stable supply of Kissei drugs to the market.
Matsumoto Plants
Stable Supply System
Because pharmaceutical products are life-related products, it is important to maintain and operate a continuous supply system. Therefore, we have established a supply chain management system that spans from the procurement of main components and other raw materials to drug manufacturing, inventory storage, and delivery. Procurement of raw materials can be fraught with unstable factors such as discontinued production stemming from reorganization of manufacturers and unprofitability. However, we implement mea- sures to ensure stable procurement which include purchasing from multiple manufacturers and maintaining proper amounts of stock in accordance with risk.
We have also determined a business continuity plan so that even in the unlikely event of a major earthquake or other natural disaster, we have enough of our product in stock based on the amount of time it would take to restart operations at our plants. The amount of stock is determined based on the specific characteristics of each
 Overseas Development of Silodosin
Silodosin has been sold in Japan by Kissei since May 2006 under the brand name of Urief®. It is a therapeutic drug for the treatment of dysuria associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia, and has earned a strong reputation around the world for its superior ability to relieve symptoms shortly after administration. This drug was launched in the United States in April 2009 by licensing partner Watson Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (currently Allergan plc), under the brand name RAPAFLO®. Furthermore, the drug was introduced in Germany in June 2010 under the brand name UROREC® by licensing partner Recordati S.p.A., of Italy. Recordati has received additional licensing rights to develop and sell the drug in 84 countries and regions such as Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Oceania. In April 2013, licensing partner Daiichi Sankyo (Japan) began selling the drug in China through a local subsidiary under the name Youlifu®. As of July 2019, silodosin is being sold in 57 countries through these
various partner companies around the world. Although the patent for silodosin expired in December 2018, the drug is still being pro- moted mainly in Europe, where the data protection period will last until January 2020.
The Matsumoto Plants serve primarily as pharmaceutical prepa- ration plants, focusing on drug formulation and the manufacture of the Company’s high-quality drugs, including key strategic items such as Urief ® and P-TOL®
The Shiojiri Plants specialize in packaging for the drugs produced at Matsumoto Plants and other locations. After being subjected to thorough inspection, these packaged products are shipped.
Shiojiri Plants
drug—for instance, we maintain an increased stock of drugs for emergency purposes and drugs of high importance. Furthermore, our stock storage sites are spread across three locations in Japan. These safeguards are part of our established supply system to ensure that provision of pharmaceutical drugs is not cut off. To further ensure continued implementation of these protocols, we have for- malized them in a stable supply manual, and changes are made to protocol if necessary. Our in-house committee also conducts inspec- tions in addition to self-checks.
In addition, we are committed to maintaining quality when stor- ing and transporting drugs and strive to deliver drugs to our patients safely. We are also committed to measures against counterfeit drugs and strive to ensure traceability and prevent the influx of counter- feits. Furthermore, we are devising drug packaging that will act as a countermeasure to counterfeit drugs as well.
      Out-Licensing of KLH-2109/OBE2109 (Development Code, Generic Name: Linzagolix) in European and North American Markets
  Kissei promotes out-licensing of new drugs and aims to build future overseas earnings bases to succeed silodosin.
In November 2015, Kissei granted exclusive rights to Swiss-based ObsEva SA to develop and commercialize the novel drug candi- date KLH-2109 (development code, generic name: linzagolix), a gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) antagonist discovered by Kissei, to all regions worldwide, excluding some countries in Asia, such as Japan. The Company will receive an upfront payment from ObsEva and will be eligible to receive milestone payments according to the development stage. In addition, the Company will supply drug substances to ObsEva.
ObsEva is a pharmaceutical company that specializes in the development of new drugs in the area of obstetrics and gynecol- ogy. The company is pursuing development of this drug (ObsEva
Progress of Clinical Trials in Europe and the U.S.
development code: OBE2109) for European and North American markets. This candidate is currently under phase III clinical trials (EDELWEISS 2, EDELWEISS 3) for use as treatment for endometrio- sis as well as phase III trials (PRIMROSE 1, PRIMROSE 2) for use as a treatment for uterine fibroids.
KLH-2109 is a new orally administrable GnRH antagonist. It acts by antagonizing GnRH at the GnRH receptor located in the pitu- itary gland, thereby suppressing the secretion of gonadotropin, a gonadotropic hormone.
Kissei is focusing its efforts on R&D for new drugs and aims to expand globally by out-licensing original products overseas. Kissei will continue to actively develop new drugs that can con- tribute to the health of people around the world.
Number of Patients
  Phase I
Phase III
Uterine fibroids: U.S.
Japan approx. 116,000*2
  Uterine fibroids: phase III (PRIMROSE 1 & 2) in progress
Endometriosis: U.S.
Japan approx. 67,000*2
*1: According to public documents provided by ObsEva *2: According to 2017 patient survey by Ministry of Health,
         Endometriosis: phase III (EDELWEISS 2 & 3) in progress
 18 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 19
Phase II
Labour and Welfare
approx. 4,000,000
(with 200,000 requiring surgery)*1
approx. 2,500,000*1

                                                                          Reliability Assurance
Corporate Governance
Board of Directors and Board of Corporate Auditors As of June 25, 2019
  Quality Assurance System
Under Kissei’s Management Philosophy of “contribute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products,” our pharmaceutical products are manufactured with a rigorous manufacturing and quality control system in compliance with the Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) system, to provide a stable supply of high-quality pharmaceutical products to patients. Each factory maintains an appropriate GMP system by conducting periodic quality audits, and the manufactured phar- maceutical products are shipped only after overall judgment of quality, efficacy, and safety.
Kissei also operates the Kissei Pharmaceutical Quality System (KPQS) to continuously improve the quality and stable supply of
pharmaceutical products throughout their life cycles. Under the Kissei Quality Policy, we implement the appropriate manage- ment of change and deviation, and subsequent corrective and preventative actions at each plant. We have also established procedures for the handling of information on product quality from the market and the continuous improvement of quality based on a patient’s perspective. Pharmaceutical products are subject to periodic monitoring for quality and these quality assurance activities are regularly reviewed by senior manage- ment to continuously improve pharmaceutical quality.
       The Basic Philosophy of the Kissei Quality Policy
Kissei Pharmaceutical will contribute to the health of people around the world by actively operating our pharmaceutical quality system, established with a high sense of ethics, and providing high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products that are continuously improving.
      Safety Information Management System
Information up to drug approval and sale is collected from clinical trials conducted under controlled conditions. In order for patients to use drugs more appropriately, it is necessary to continue to investi- gate safety and efficacy after approval for sale.
To ensure patients use drugs safely, we are continually conduct- ing reviews based on safety information collected by medical repre- sentatives, which include safety and efficacy information collected through post-marketing surveillance in the use of these pharmaceu- tical products. If, as a result of these reviews, it is determined that it is necessary to provide new safety measures and information regarding appropriate use, information is provided to healthcare
professionals quickly and extensively. In providing safety information, we have developed the Company Safety Information Provision System. This system can be used to provide information promptly to healthcare professionals in response to inquiries regarding side- effects of drugs.
Furthermore, Kissei actively promotes overseas development of its own products. To this end, Kissei has concluded agreements with overseas partner companies to exchange safety information, and is engaged in safety monitoring activities to make sure that patients can use drugs safely, not only in Japan, but also worldwide.
Board of Directors
Mutsuo Kanzawa
1976 Joined the Company
1982 Director
1992 President and CEO
2014 Chairman and CEO (current position)
Hiroe Sato
1975 Joined the Company
2006 Director, Department Manager of
Corporate Finance & Management Department 2016 Executive Vice President (current position)
Yasuo Takehana
Yoshio Furihata
Standing, From Left
Kando Nakagawa, Masayuki Isaji, Takahide Kitahara, Shinji Kikuchi, Hiroshi Kusama, Tetsu Takayama, Eiichi Matsushita, Suminori Sagara, Makoto Yonekubo, Hiroshi Ueno
Seated, From Left
Minoru Nomura, Masaki Morozumi, Keiji Fukushima, Yoshio Furihata, Mutsuo Kanzawa, Hiroe Sato, Yasuo Takehana, Shigetaka Shimizu
  Chairman and CEO
Executive Vice President
President and COO
    Managing Director
Keiji Fukushima
General Manager of Sales & Marketing Division
1979 Joined the Company
2012 Director
2014 Managing Director (current position)
Masaki Morozumi
Managing Director
Director and Senior Adviser
1984 Joined the Company
2008 Director, Department Manager of Business Development Department 2010 Corporate Strategy and Planning Department
2012 General Manager of Clinical Development Division
2018 President and COO (current position)
  20 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 21
Department Manager of Corporate Strategy & Planning Department
1984 Joined the Company
2012 Director
2016 Managing Director (current position)
1980 Joined the Company
2008 Director
2010 General Manager of Sales & Marketing Division 2014 President and COO
2018 Director and Senior Adviser (current position)
 
Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance
Tetsu Takayama
Department Manager of Human Resources Department
1985 Joined the Company 2014 Director (current position)
Eiichi Matsushita
Department Manager of General Administration Department
1983 Joined the Company 2016 Director (current position)
Suminori Sagara
Department Manager of Promotion Support Department
Director
Director
Director
Hiroshi Kusama
General Manager of Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Division
1983 Joined the Company 2016 Director (current position)
Shinji Kikuchi
General Manager of Research and Development Division
1988 Joined the Company 2016 Director (current position)
Takahide Kitahara
Director
Director
Director
Our Basic Approach to Corporate Governance
Kissei aims to improve its corporate value and realize sustainable growth as a company with a clear raison d’être. At the same time, the Company positions the enhancement and reinforcement of corporate governance as a core management issue in order to maintain a positive relationship with all of its stakeholders, includ- ing shareholders and other investors, customers, local communi- ties, business partners, and employees, as well as to fulfill its social responsibility. As such, the Company established the Kissei Basic Policy on Corporate Governance in October 2015, which repre- sents the Company’s basic framework for corporate governance. To improve corporate value, Kissei continuously and periodically revises this policy at Board of Directors’ meetings. In keeping with the revised 2018 Corporate Governance Code, we have partially altered our basic policy.
Overview of Bodies
Kissei’s Board of Directors sets basic strategies for Kissei and makes decisions on all important matters while also providing oversight of business execution. The Board of Directors strives to make prompt business decisions and increase the transparency of operations.
The Company employs a corporate governance management system under which the Board Chairman serves as chief executive officer (CEO), given authority over all matters pertaining to man- agement, and the president serves as chief operating officer (COO), responsible for all matters related to business execution. This system delegates certain business execution responsibilities from the Board of Directors, and it was instituted with the aim of strengthening management systems and allowing for manage- ment to be conducted more flexibly. In addition, the CEO is respon- sible for convening meetings of the Board of Managing Directors, which consists of managing directors and directors of a higher rank and is responsible for discussing and ruling on items from a prede- termined agenda. Furthermore, the Business Execution Committee
        1982 Joined the Company 2018 Director (current position)
Shigetaka Shimizu
Outside Director (independent)
1986 Joined the Company 2018 Director (current position)
Minoru Nomura
Outside Director (independent)
Department Manager of Corporate Finance & Management Department
  1972 Joined The Hachijuni Bank, Ltd.
2011 President and CEO at Hachijuni Lease, Co., Ltd. &
Hachijuni Auto Lease, Co., Ltd.
2013 Auditor at HACHIJUNI SECURITIES Co., Ltd.
2014 Director at the Company (current position)
Board of Corporate Auditors
Masayuki Isaji Corporate Auditor (full-time)
1980 Joined the Company
2010 Director, Department Manager of Research and
Development Planning Department 2012 Managing Director
2018 Corporate Auditor (current position)
Hiroshi Ueno Outside Corporate Auditor (independent)
1969 Certified Public Accountant
1974 Certified Tax Accountant
2008 OutsideCorporateAuditor(currentposition)
1969 Joined Nomura Kogyo Co., Ltd.
1989 President and Representative Director of Nomura Kogyo Co., Ltd.
President and Representative Director of SN SEIKI Co., Ltd.
1998 Chairman of NOMURA CORPORATION OF TAIWAN (current position) 2005 President and Representative Director of NOMURA UNISON Co., Ltd.
(current position)
2008 President and Representative Director of Domaine de la Sénéchalière
(current position)
2016 Director at the Company (current position)
Makoto Yonekubo Corporate Auditor
1970 Joined the Company
2004 Deputy Department Manager of Corporate Finance &
Management Department
2011 Corporate Auditor (current position)
Kando Nakagawa Outside Corporate Auditor (independent)
1976 Attorney at Law
2011 Outside Corporate Auditor (current position)
Corporate Governance Bodies and Internal Control System
   Election / Dismissal
Report
Election / Dismissal
Election / Dismissal Report
Audit
General Meeting of Shareholders
   Board of Directors
(14 Members, including 2 Outside Directors)
Audit
Board of Corporate Auditors
(4 Members, including 2 Outside Corporate Auditors)
Independent Auditor
    Consultation
Election / Dismissal, Supervision
Audit
 Nomination and Compensation Deliberation Committee
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
  Board of Managing Directors
 Business Execution Committee
Risk Management Committee
  Compliance Committee
 Audit
President and Chief Operating Officer (COO)
 Auditing Department
  Business Departments
     22 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 23

Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance
has been established as an advisory committee to the COO to aid the COO in decision making and to assist in examining the man- agement matters to be proposed or reported to the Board of Directors.
The Company has adopted a corporate auditor system. This system was deemed rational as the corporate auditors together with the appointed outside directors effectively facilitate improve- ments in the functionality of the Board of Directors while strengthening management oversight functions.
The Company has 2 internal and 2 outside corporate audi- tors. Corporate auditors attend meetings of the Board of Directors and actively state opinions. One outside corporate auditor is a licensed attorney and the other is a certified public accountant. Consequently, they are able to conduct audits from a specialist perspective. Moreover, the 2 outside directors and 2 outside corporate auditors are designated independent officers in accordance with regulations of the Tokyo Stock Exchange, to which they report.
Nomination and Compensation Deliberation Committee
The Company established the Nomination and Compensation Deliberation Committee as an advisory body to the Board of Directors in order to ensure the independence and objectiv- ity of the Board of Directors in its deliberations as well as the transparency of the deliberation process. This committee holds meetings where it engages in discussions on director and corporate auditor candidates for appointment or dis- missal as well as levels of director compensation and makes proposals to the Board of Directors.
Analysis and Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors as a Whole
In an effort to maintain and improve effectiveness, all directors and auditors perform self-evaluations once a year, which are shared with the Board along with results of the analysis and evalu- ation of the effectiveness of the entire Board of Directors.
The evaluation focuses on eight different areas: (1) establish- ment of roles for the Board of Directors, directors, and auditors; (2) organizational frameworks for the Company as a whole; (3) con- tent of proposals made by Board members and corresponding deliberation times; (4) information that should be pursued by the Board; (5) leadership shown by the Chairman of the Board; (6) directors’ skills; (7) diversity of Board of Directors members; and (8) performance of the Board of Directors and directors.
In fiscal 2018, the Board was evaluated as being sufficiently effective, displaying effectiveness in decision-making, business execution, and supervisory functions. As we move forward, we will continue to work toward full functionality and improved effectiveness of the Board of Directors based on the results of this year’s evaluation.
Internal Control System and Risk Management Structure
Kissei operates under the management philosophy of “contrib- ute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical products”and“servesocietythroughouremployees.”TheKissei Code of Conduct guides employee conduct, with the aim of upholding high ethical standards in R&D, manufacturing, and sales activities, all of which are fundamental to our business as a company involved in life sciences. In addition, Kissei has estab- lished the Compliance Committee to provide advice to the Board of Directors to help ensure that all laws and regulations are followed both in letter and spirit. The Company’s Compliance Program is conducted on a regular basis, and as part of this pro- gram Kissei Pharmaceutical’s Compliance Program Manual is continually updated with employees receiving regular instruc- tion on compliance related issues.
Kissei also created the Kissei Basic Policy on Internal Controls, in which every employee is trained. Based on this policy, in addi- tion to maintaining all Company rules, the Risk Management Committee—which is an advisory body to the Board of Directors—was established, and risk management and other internal systems are consequently promoted.
Audits
Kissei has established the Auditing Department, an indepen- dent body that reports directly to the Chief Operating Officer (COO). This 5-member body conducts internal audits for each department and all internal systems in Kissei based on the annual auditing plan, ensuring that all departments are carry- ing out business activities in an appropriate manner.
The Board of Corporate Auditors and the Auditing Department discuss the auditing systems and auditing plan at the beginning of each fiscal year. In addition, they meet every month to exchange opinions on the status of the audits being conducted.
Furthermore, 2 certified public accountants belonging to Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC provide the Company with accounting services. An additional 9 certified public accoun- tants and 8 other audit personnel provide assistance in the auditing of the Company.
Kissei regularly undergoes outside auditing by an indepen- dent auditor. The independent auditor engages in discussions with members of the Board of Directors, finance officers, the Auditing Department, and the Board of Corporate Auditors, which aids the strengthening and maintenance of the corpo- rate governance structure. In addition, the Tripartite Auditing Council convenes periodically, providing an opportunity for corporate auditors, the Auditing Department, and the inde- pendent auditor to work together to make joint audit engage- ments more effective.
Policies for Determining Director Compensation Amounts and Calculation Methods
Director compensation comprises a base salary and a bonus; the policy for determining the amount/calculation method is explained hereafter.
Base salary is determined by director rank (position) as a member of the Board, and also includes an additional amount based on individual experience and Company performance.
Bonus is determined by director rank within the Board, and takes into account the Company’s performance for the period, with similar consideration given toward the amount of compen- sation according to position.
Cross-Shareholdings
Kissei’s basic policy is to maintain no cross-shareholdings unless it is deemed they will contribute to the Group’s busi- ness stability and improve corporate value through the development and strengthening of business relationships and alliances. At the end of March 2019, the Board of Directors conducted both a quantitative and qualitative appraisal of the Company’s cross-shareholdings. The quantitative factors included related revenue, such as dividends and transaction earnings, the impact of impairment probability, and stock price fluctuations on Company equity, in addition to a quali- tative examination of holding necessity. After this appraisal, it was determined that all cross-shareholdings were consistent with the Company’s basic policy.
      Total Compensation of Officers by Type and Classification and Number of Applicable Officers
Classification
Total compensation
Base compensation
Stock options
Bonuses
Retirement benefits
Millions of yen
Totals by compensation type
Number of applicable officers
   Directors
(excluding outside directors)
 325
 311
 —
 13
 —
 14
  Corporate auditors
(excluding outside corporate auditors)
      37
   34
  —
  3
  —
  3
 Outside officers
 28
 27
 —
 1
 —
 4
  24 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 25

      Corporate Governance
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
Interview with Outside Directors
Shigetaka Shimizu
Outside Director
What are your thoughts on your role as an outside director, as well as the decision-making process and efficacy of the Board of Directors? Q.1
Director Shimizu: I am committed to speaking at meetings of the Board of Directors from an objective standpoint, as a member of society, a shareholder, and a representative for stakeholders. I think that the Board of Directors has sufficient time to examine topics of discussion in advance, and their process—from preparation to decision-making—is solid. I feel that the atmosphere surrounding proceedings as led by the chairperson is very fair and open; there is no problem in regards to com- pliance, and governance is secure.
Director Nomura: My role is to give my opinion from the standpoint of an independent outside director based on my experience and knowl- edge so that Company management can move in the right direction. I also think it is my duty to advise the Board of Directors from the perspec- tive of shareholders. The decision-making process of the Board of Directors (which takes into account prior deliberations in Executive Committee and other executive meetings) is well-organized and puts Company management on the right path. Proposals are brought before the Board of Directors after thorough consideration, and I think that the chairperson demonstrates the leadership necessary to conduct very efficient deliberation. Given these facts, I feel strongly that Kissei’s corpo- rate culture is based on diligence.
CSR Management
Based on its management philosophy and vision, the Kissei Group has used its pharmaceutical products to contribute to the health of its customers for many years in addition to con- ducting a variety of initiatives as a corporate citizen and deep- ening its relationships of trust with each and every stakeholder. We are pushing ahead with CSR management as part of efforts to expand our business activities and our goal for continuous growth as a company that is truly needed by society.
Relationships with Patients
Activities to Spread Medical Information
Spreading Information on the Proper Use of Pharmaceutical Products
To ensure that pharmaceutical products are used accurately and properly, medical representatives (MRs) cooperate with the sup- port departments, which are highly knowledgeable and experi- enced in the medical and pharmaceutical sciences, to deliver valid and precise information on pharmaceutical products to healthcare professionals. MRs also collect information on the safety and effectiveness of pharmaceutical products used at medical sites and offer feedback to the pharmacovigilance and post-marketing surveillance / R&D sections, which is applied to the development of better pharmaceutical products and product information updates.
MRs add to their wealth of knowledge by means of education and training. Through use of tablet PCs equipped for the safety infor- mation system, which offers quick access to safety information, and the “K-Net Conference” system, a service for online meetings and conference sessions, MRs can deliver higher quality information.
Establishment of the Product Customer Service Center
We have established the Product Customer Service Center to encourage proper use of pharmaceutical products and thus improve their efficacy. In fiscal 2018, we responded to 11,239 questions from patients and healthcare professionals.
In addition, we are working to build more responsive sys- tems, such as a dedicated phone line for urgent questions on pharmaceutical products that must be administered immedi- ately after the appearance of symptoms.
Number of Consultations
(Inquires answered by Product Customer Service Center from outside of Company)
Consultations by Type of Inquirer
    FY 2018
Pharmacist (83.7%) Physician (1.7%)
Medical staff (8.6%) Medical consumer (4.4%) Other (0.5%)
Unknown (1.1%)
   Minoru Nomura
Outside Director
Director Nomura: I also feel that employee loyalty is high, and if I am to think of why that is, I would have to say corporate culture. Kissei cher- ishes its employees and has built this culture by understanding that the Company will not improve unless the lives of its employees improve, and this culture has been fostered and spread throughout the Company. As a pharmaceutical company, corporate value is made by providing medicine for patients, but Kissei’s strength is the same importance that it places on a corporate culture that cherishes employees.
What are your thoughts on the Company’s plans and initiatives regarding the silodosin patent expiration? Q.3
Director Shimizu: The timeline for the current medium-term manage- ment plan has been set at five years as opposed to the three in previous plans, and in this time we will indicate to stakeholders that we have a road map to recovery, and that we are taking measures to ensure regrowth. In addition, a sense of speed is important, but because equity ratio is high and strong, it is necessary to work with a medium- to long- term plan regardless of the prospects of the near future, and we have acknowledged that the plan can be executed at the current time. Kissei’s employees are deeply loyal and share management’s sense of urgency; through this, I am confident that they can overcome the deterioration of the Company’s business results and recover.
Breakdown by Nature of Consultation
    FY 2018
Other (5.6%) Safety-related matters (9.4%) General inquiries (4.1%)
Precautionary matters (aside from side-effects) (9.5%)
Medical treatment fees (4.1%)
Drug preparation (19.8%)
Non-clinical matters (0.2%)
Document retrieval requests (14.3%) Packing and expiration dates (13.3%) Pharmacokinetics- related matters (0.6%)
Clinical matters (19.1%)
Relationships with Society
  Contributions to Medical Treatments and Health
Public Interest Incorporated Foundation Kanzawa Medical Research Foundation
Established in 1997, the Kanzawa Medical Research Foundation offers grants, awards, and lectures for multifaceted research on various diseases affecting women of reproductive age, partic- ularly at the perinatal stage, and those of advanced age. In a society with declining birth rates and an aging population, developing medicine to maintain and improve the health of women is a vital contribution to improving the health and wel- fare of the population.
Number and Total Amounts of Awards and Grants Offered between Fiscal 1997 and 2018
    Kanzawa Medical Award Research Grants Overseas Study Grants
Number Total amount 20 ¥ 59 million 217 ¥247 million 82 ¥ 41 million
       What are Kissei’s strengths?
Q.2
Director Nomura: In our annual report, Kissei has named eight initia-
tives to be addressed. If these issues are firmly dealt with, it should be
possible to rally back and find regrowth as an R&D-oriented pharmaceu-
tical company. I think that these initiatives are properly communicated
and addressed throughout the Company, starting with the R&D depart-
ment. Given the patent expiration on core products, results may tempo- 12,000 rarily be severe, but Kissei has an admirable corporate culture. I fully 9,000 believe that we can use this culture as a tailwind and be united as a
Establishment of Privately Funded University Courses including Joint Research
We established a privately funded university course under the Shinshu University School of Medicine in 2010 to explore the etiol- ogy and pathology of intractable neurological diseases, such as spinocerebellar ataxia (SCA) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). In 2012, we worked together with the university to conduct courses with the aim of cultivating human resources and exploring possi- bilities for new drug creation. This course was different from the other highly dependable courses we have sponsored in that both university and Company resources were offered as part of its collaborative research nature. Through such courses, we are
 Director Shimizu: For Kissei, an important management issue is the question of how to move past the negative effects of the silodosin patent expiration and recover performance. The type of discussions that take place at labor management council meetings show that employ- ees possess a very strong sense of loyalty to the Company. I believe employees share the same sense of urgency toward this matter as man- agement. That is Kissei’s strength and what will lead to the Company’s recovery.
Consultations
    company through the recovery process.
6,000 3,000 0
9,518
14
10,414 11,403 11,080
15 16 17
11,239
18 (FY)
 26 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 27

Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
promoting R&D to facilitate education, information exchange, pos- sibilities for new drug creation, and commercialization. One of the achievements made through this effort was the support of research taking place at the Shinshu University Department of Pediatrics into immunotherapy utilizing CAR-T (chimeric antigen receptor- expressing T cells) technology for the treatment of cancer.
Another privately funded course we established, also in 2012, is on cutting-edge treatment of immunological diseases and cancer at the Graduate School of Medicine at Juntendo University, and is continuing as a joint research course from 2018. Our goal is to con- tribute to the development of research and new treatments for patients with cancer, immunological diseases, and allergies.
Contribution to Music Culture
Seiji Ozawa Matsumoto Festival
We believe that supporting and encouraging cultural activities that move people is one of a company’s crucial roles. As such, we have acted as a sponsor for the Seiji Ozawa Matsumoto Festival (formerly the Saito
Kinen Festival Matsumoto), an international music festival held at the beginning of fall every year in Matsumoto City, since its inception in 1992.
Concert by the Saito Kinen Orchestra ©Takeshi Yamada
Relationships with Our Employees
Our Stance on Human Resources
We are taking steps to cultivate human resources and create an environment where our diverse employees can display their skills to their utmost based on the stance that intellectual stimulation results from mutual respect for a variety of mindsets and values, inciting creativity and dynamism in the Company.
As part of our continued efforts to create a working environ- ment that encompasses employment, labor conditions, and human resources management, we have adopted a multiselective human resources system which gives consideration to our employ- ees’ aptitudes and life plans. In addition, we are also introducing multiple systems to our departments, such as flextime and deemed working hours, in order to make worktime more flexible, and allow- ing a variety of personnel to work to their fullest capability. We are also working to construct a system that allows as many people as possible to work through job-sharing roles, which includes estab- lishing a post-retirement re-employment system.
Cultivating Human Resources
The Kissei Group has set “enabling employees to demonstrate their strengths to the utmost degree as both an individual and a part of an organization” as an objective in its vision for human resources cultivation. To achieve this vision, we are developing policies for human resource cultivation based on employee-entered
self-improvement, Company-centered environment creation, and management-centered guidance.
Enactment of the Kissei Health Declaration
Kissei is committed to its management philosophy and will “contribute to society through high-quality, innovative phar- maceutical products” and “serve society through our employ- ees.” In order to realize the goals stated in our management philosophy, we established the Kissei Health Declaration in April 2017, based on the belief that each and every employee must be healthy both in mind and body.
Kissei strives to maintain and enhance the health of employ- ees and their families, while instilling a sense of purpose and drive. At the same time, we aim to create a healthy and vibrant workplace environment where each and every employee is able to reach their full potential.
Trend in Energy Usage
Crude oil equivalent (kL)
10,000 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
9,256
9,281
8,945
8,694
8,489
       Cultivating the Next Generation
Kissei is a company that enables employees to balance work and home life, including childcare, and by creating an environment that is easy for all employees to work in, they are able to demon- strate their full potential. Kissei is making every effort to establish this type of work environment.
These efforts were evaluated and recognized in 2008, 2011, and 2015 with certification as a standards-compliant general business owner (known as Kurumin) based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children.*
Furthermore, in 2017 Kissei was granted special Platinum Kurumin certification in recognition of reaching an even higher standard in providing exemplary childcare support.
* Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children: Laws enacted by national and local public entities and businesses to promote measures to support raising next-generation children. These measures are designed to create an environment in which children, who will be responsible for society in the coming generation, can be born and raised in a healthy manner
Workplace Health and Safety
In order to guarantee a safe working environment where employ- ees can do their jobs with peace of mind, we have established the Environment, Health and Safety Committee and are implementing safety- and health-related activities. The health and safety subcom- mittees at each respective workplace head up these initiatives and maintain safe working environments by training new hires in safety and disaster prevention, conducting regular patrols of worksites and work environment assessments, and through educational activities to raise safety awareness.
Tons 25,000
20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000 0
20,916
14
20,695
15
19,701
16
19,162
18,516
0 14
Electricity
Natural gas, city gas
CO2 Emissions
15 16
17 18 (FY)
Heavy oil, kerosene, LPG Gasoline (MR cars)
   Kissei Health Declaration
We will contribute to the health and medical care of people around the world by providing ethical drugs and other high-quality, inno- vative pharmaceutical products. (From the Kissei Code of Conduct)
To that end, each and every employee must be healthy both in mind and body.
Kissei strives to maintain and enhance the health of employees and their families while instilling a sense of purpose and drive. At the same time, we aim to create a healthy and vibrant workplace environment where each and every employee is able to reach their full potential.
1. The Company and the health insurance association recognize health problems of employees as important management issues and will therefore provide opportunities for employees to main- tain and improve the health of their mind and body, and create a workplace that is both healthy and easy to work in. We will actively engage in harmony (work-life balance) between com- pany life and personal life of our employees.
2. Employees recognize the importance of self-care in terms of managing their own health, and will create a healthy body and mind by actively maintaining and promoting their own health.
Enacted on April 1, 2017
       Amount of Waste Generated and Percentage Recycled
Tons 500
400 300 200 100
439 74%
424 86%
% 461 100
17 18 (FY)
   398 79%
366 82%
82%
80 60 40 20
    Environmental Initiatives
Basic Stance
Initiatives to address environmental problems are the responsi- bility of all of humanity and are an essential element of a com- pany’s survival and operations. In recognition of this, the Kissei Group is working to preserve the environment and reduce the environmental impact of all its business activities. Our basic environmental policy lays out our fundamental philosophy and six key principles. Every year, we establish specific environmen- tal objectives on the basis of this policy. Some of those include efforts to reduce energy use and CO2 emissions, as well as the amount of waste generated.
00
14 15
Amount of waste generated
Percentage recycled (right)
16 17
18 (FY)
 Final Disposal Amount and Final Rate of Disposal
Tons % 25 5
20 4.1% 4
 18
3.5% 3.6% 3.3%
14 13 2.8% 15 3 12
  Work-Related Accidents
15
10 2
 28 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 29
Vision for Human Resources Cultivation
1. Cultivate independent employees that understand the Company’s social mission, contribute to the Company’s development, and are highly cre- ative, responsible, and capable.
2. Cultivate competent businesspeople capable of promoting organiza- tional objectives for efficiency and work to enhance in them the knowl- edge and skills necessary to perform Company duties in light of management and technology reform.
3. Cultivate members of society with open-minded, refined, and amiable personalities who are capable of building strong relationships and are full of honesty and humanity.
  *1: Number of injuries resulting in one or more days off per 1 million hours worked *2: Number of work days lost due to injury per 1,000 hours worked
(FY )
2014 2015 2016 2017
2018
  Incidences of
work-related accidents (resulting in time off from work)
4 (0)
3 (1)
5 (0)
2 (2)
7 (2)
  Rate of frequency*1
   0.00
 0.31
0.00
0.65
0.65
Rate of severity*2
 0.00
0.00
0.00
0.01
0.00
 51 00
 14 15
Final disposal amount Final disposal rate (right)
16 17
18 (FY)

Financial Review
Business Risks
Financial Position
For the fiscal year under review, ended March 31, 2019, total assets stood at ¥213,522 million, up ¥2,701 million from the pre- vious fiscal year-end. Total current assets decreased ¥2,380 mil- lion, to ¥95,782 million, due to decreases in notes and accounts receivable, marketable securities, and inventories despite an increase in cash on hand and in banks. Total non-current assets were up ¥5,081 million, to ¥117,739 million, mainly reflecting an increase in investments in securities.
Total liabilities amounted to ¥30,814 million at the fiscal year- end, down ¥3,913 million from the previous fiscal year-end. Total current liabilities stood at ¥13,801 million, down ¥3,646 million, mainly due to decreases in income taxes payable and notes and accounts payable. Total long-term liabilities were down ¥267 million, to ¥17,013 million, despite an increase in deferred tax lia- bilities, as a result of a decrease in net defined benefit liability.
Total net assets amounted to ¥182,707 million at the fiscal year-end, an increase of ¥6,614 million compared with the pre- vious fiscal year-end. This increase mainly reflected an increase in retained earnings and net unrealized holding gains on secu- rities, in addition to other factors.
As a result, the shareholders’ equity ratio was 85.4%, up from 83.3% at the previous fiscal year-end.
Financial Results
Net sales for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 decreased 2.3% year on year, to ¥72,297 million. Accounting for the majority of net sales, the segment sales of the Kissei Group’s core pharmaceutical business were down ¥2,371 million, or 3.7%, to ¥61,520 million. While patents for Urief® Tablet and Urief® OD Tablet expired in December 2018, aggressive promotional activities resulted in higher sales of our main products, such as Urief ® Tablet and Urief ® OD Tablet; P-TOL® Chewable Tablet, a drug for the treatment of hyperphosphatemia; and RECTABUL® 2mg Rectal Foam 14 Doses, a treatment for ulcerative colitis. However, reforms to the NHI Drug Prices Standard System in Japan, implemented in April 2018, and lower revenue from technical fees led to the overall drop. In other business segments, net sales were up ¥658 million, or 6.5% year on year, to ¥10,777 million due to increased revenues in infor- mation services, merchandising, and construction industries.
The cost of sales ratio was up 2.0 percentage points. As a result, gross profit decreased ¥2,554 million, or 5.3% year on year, to ¥45,566 million.
In selling, general and administrative expenses, while R&D expenses increased, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased. As a result, operating income decreased ¥3,684 mil- lion, or 37.3% year on year, to ¥6,202 million
Gain on sales of investment securities decreased, and valua- tion of securities went from a gain in the previous fiscal year to a loss in the fiscal year under review. As a result, total other income (expenses) came to ¥918 million, down ¥890 million compared to the previous fiscal year.
As a result of the above, profit before income taxes and non- controlling interests was down ¥4,575 million, or 39.1% year on year, to ¥7,121 million, and profit attributable to owners of parent decreased ¥3,564 million, or 39.4% year on year, to ¥5,481 million.
Basic Policy on the Distribution of Profits / Dividends for the Current and Coming Fiscal Years
Kissei aims to secure a solid management base while providing stable, consistent returns to shareholders through cash dividends. Kissei’s basic dividend policy is to make twice-yearly dividend payments, comprised of interim and year-end cash dividends. The Board of Directors decides the amount of the interim cash dividend, while the General Meeting of Shareholders decides the amount of the year-end cash dividend. Also, Kissei’s articles of incorporation stipulate that a resolution of the Board of Directors enables the payment of interim cash dividends with a date of
record of September 30 each year.
In the fiscal year under review, the Group paid an interim cash
dividend of ¥25.0 per share and a year-end cash dividend of ¥25.0 per share, giving a full-year cash dividend of ¥50.0 per share.
For the coming fiscal year, the Group plans to pay an interim cash dividend of ¥26.0 per share and a year-end cash dividend of ¥26.0 per share, giving a full-year cash dividend of ¥52.0 per share.
Internal funds are maintained to respond to expected changes in government policy, system reforms, and the challenges of increasing globalization. At the same time, Kissei will actively invest in R&D to develop drugs that patients need. Kissei believes this policy will not only contribute to future profits but also enable Kissei to distribute profits to its shareholders appropriately.
The following are the most significant risks which could potentially affect the Kissei Group’s operating results and financial position. Forward-looking statements are based on the judgments the Kissei Group has made from the consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2018.
 1 R&D
The process of developing pharmaceuticals—from the R&D stage to approval and sales—requires large investments of both time and funds. When developing new drugs, the chances of discovering beneficial indications are limited. In addition, Kissei can guarantee neither that a new drug undergoing develop- ment or an additional indication will have its intended benefit nor predict when or if the drug will be approved.
2 Medical System Reform
The prices of pharmaceuticals in Japan are set based on the government’s NHI drug prices and are revised on a regular basis. There may be revisions to Japan’s health insurance system or reforms that go beyond Kissei’s assumptions, such as the introduction of diagnosis procedure combinations or the promotion of generic drugs, which would negatively impact Kissei’s operating results and financial position.
3 Competition with Other Companies’ Products
The Kissei Group faces competition from companies selling products with the same application as its own. In addition, once a patent expires, price competition with generic prod- ucts of the same composition intensifies. This competition could have a serious impact on the sales of existing drugs.
4 Unexpected Side-Effects
Unexpected side effects undiscovered at the R&D stage sometimes appear after a drug has already been marketed. If unexpected side effects or serious adverse events occur, the use of a drug may be limited, or sales of the drug may be terminated completely.
5 Manufacturing and Procurement
Malfunctions with production equipment or the inability to procure raw materials in a timely fashion could delay or shut down drug manufacturing. In addition, a quality problem may cause a drug to be recalled, which would negatively impact Kissei’s operating results and financial position.
6 Intellectual Property Rights
In the event that the Kissei Group is unable to appropriately protect its intellectual property, a third party may be able to use the Kissei Group’s technology, which would undermine its competitive superiority in the market.
7 Litigation
At present, there is no outstanding litigation affecting the Kissei Group’s management. There is the possibility, however, that in the course of its business activities, the Kissei Group could face lawsuits in the future both at home and abroad regarding patent, product liability, environment, and labor matters.
8 Environmental Conservation
Pharmaceutical chemical substances used in research and manufacturing processing could have an impact on the envi- ronment. Every department and work site in the Kissei Group is working diligently to follow stringent substance manage- ment rules to protect the environment. However, if chemical substances were found to have polluted areas around a work site, legal action may be taken against the work site, and Kissei may be faced with large costs to restore the environ- ment, which would negatively impact Kissei’s operating results and financial position.
9 Information Management
The Kissei Group is paying close attention to the need to pro- tect information by establishing strict rules for the manage- ment of personal and confidential information as well as providing education on this issue to employees. However, if an unexpected incident occurred in which information was improperly disclosed, the Kissei Group’s image may be tar- nished, which could negatively impact Kissei’s operating results and financial position.
Besides the business risks mentioned above, there are vari- ous other risks faced by the Kissei Group.
  30 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 31

Consolidated Balance Sheets
Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries At March 31, 2018 and 2019
Assets 2019 Current Assets:
Cash on hand and in banks (Notes 04 and 05) Notes and accounts receivable (Note 05) Marketable securities (Notes 04, 05 and 06) Inventories (Note 07)
Other current assets
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total current assets
Property, Plant and Equipment:
Buildings and structures (Note 14) Less: accumulated depreciation Buildings and structures, net Land (Note 14)
Construction in progress
Other
Less: accumulated depreciation Other, net
Total property, plant and equipment
Intangible Assets:
Software for internal use Other
Total intangible assets
Investments and Other Assets:
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total investments and other assets
Total assets
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Millions of yen
¥
2018
24,371 28,873 23,288 15,933
5,698 (1)
98,163
38,489 (28,030) 10,458 12,913
19 15,703
(12,698) 3,005 26,396
1,028 687 1,716
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 03)
2019
Liabilities and Net Assets 2019 Current Liabilities:
Notes and accounts payable
Short-term bank loans (Note 08)
Current portion of long-term debt (Note 08)
Income taxes payable
Accrued bonuses to employees
Accrued bonuses to directors and corporate auditors Reserve for sales returns
Reserve for sales rebates
Reserve for sales promotion expenses
Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities
Long-Term Liabilities:
Long-term debt (Note 08)
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 10)
Net defined benefit liability (Note 11)
Accrued retirement benefits to directors and corporate auditors Asset retirement obligations
Other long-term liabilities
Total long-term liabilities Total liabilities
Contingent Liabilities (Note 13)
Net Assets:
Shareholders’ equity: Common stock:
Authorized: 227,000,000 shares
Issued: 51,811,185 shares
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings
Treasury stock (5,094,713 shares and 5,094,806 shares at March 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively)
Total shareholders’ equity Accumulated other comprehensive income:
Unrealized holding gains on securities Retirement benefits liability adjustments
Total accumulated other comprehensive income Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
Millions of yen
¥
2018
4,894 1,730 27 2,375 2,225 26 22 407 189 5,550 17,448
1,876 9,935 4,623
151 114 577
17,280 34,728
24,356
24,226 102,834
(11,607) 139,809
36,752 (859)
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 03)
2019
     ¥ 26,325
 26,963
 23,039
 13,965
 5,491
 (1)
95,782
   ¥ 4,347
 1,730
 34
 465
 1,971
 18
 17
 294
 166
 4,756
13,801
 $ 237,162
242,910
207,559
125,811
49,468
(9)
862,901
 $ 39,162
15,586
306
4,189
17,757
162
153
2,649
1,495
42,847
124,333
                                 38,691
 (28,754)
 9,937
 12,716
 —
 16,088
 (13,238)
 2,849
25,503
348,568
(259,045)
89,523
114,559
—
144,937
(119,261)
25,667
229,757
           1,930
 11,388
 2,750
 157
 116
 668
17,013
30,814
17,387
102,595
24,775
1,414
1,045
6,018
153,270
277,604
                           907
 612
1,519
8,171
5,514
13,685
                      24,356
 24,226
 106,026
 (11,607)
143,001
 219,423
218,252
955,189
(104,568)
1,288,297
   86,958
 118
 1,999
 644
 1,046
 (50)
90,716
783,405
1,063
18,009
5,802
9,423
(450)
817,261
81,194 98 1,608 670 Other 1,026
Investment securities (Notes 05 and 06) Long-term loans receivable
Long-term prepaid expenses
Deferred tax assets (Note 10)
                      40,326
 (1,065)
39,261
 444
182,707
¥213,522
 363,297
(9,595)
353,703
4,000
1,646,009
$1,923,622
        ¥213,522
(54) 84,545
¥210,821
$1,923,622
35,892 390 176,092 ¥210,821
  32 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 33

Consolidated Statements of Income and Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries At March 31, 2018 and 2019
Consolidated Statements of Income
Net Sales Cost of Sales
Gross profit
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses (Note 17) Operating income
Other Income (Expenses):
Interest and dividend income
Interest expense
Gain on sales of investment securities
Loss on sales or disposal of property, plant and equipment Gain (loss) on valuation of securities
Impairment loss (Note 18)
Foreign exchange gain (loss)
Other, net
Total other income (expenses)
Profit before income taxes and non-controlling interests Income Taxes (Note 10):
Current Deferred
Profit
Profit Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent (Note 19)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Profit
Other Comprehensive Income:
Unrealized holding gains on securities Retirement benefits liability adjustments Total other comprehensive income (Note 12)
Comprehensive Income
Comprehensive income attributable to: Shareholders of Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Non-controlling interests
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 03)
2019
$651,324
Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
Balance at April 1, 2017
Profit attributable to owners of parent for the year
Cash dividends paid
Treasury stock purchased (1,600,538 shares)
Cancellation of treasury stock (2,500,000 shares)
Net changes in items other than those in shareholders’ equity
Balance at April 1, 2018
Profit attributable to owners of parent for the year
Cash dividends paid
Treasury stock purchased (93 shares)
Net changes in items other than those in shareholders’ equity
Balance at March 31, 2019
Balance at April 1, 2018
Profit attributable to owners of parent for the year
Cash dividends paid
Treasury stock purchased (93 shares)
Net changes in items other than those in shareholders’ equity
Balance at March 31, 2019
Shareholders’ equity
Millions of yen
Accumulated other comprehensive income
2019
2018 ¥74,009
25,889 48,120
38,232 9,887
1,081 (23)
320 (37) 387 —
0 80 1,809 11,697
3,223 (624)
2,598 9,098 52 ¥ 9,045
2018
¥ 9,098
15,484 461 15,945 ¥25,044
¥24,983 60
Unrealized holding gains on securities
¥24,226
— 9,045 — —
Retirement benefits
liability Non-controlling adjustments interests
¥(1,313) ¥329
— — — — — — — —
454 60 ¥ (859) ¥390
  ¥72,297
Number of shares of common stock
54,311,185
— — —
(2,500,000)
— 51,811,185
Common stock
¥24,356
— — — —
— ¥24,356
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
Total net assets
¥157,783
9,045 (2,270) (4,464)
—
15,998 ¥176,092
    ¥101,755
¥(12,838)
¥21,268
   26,731
45,566
 240,820
410,505
        — — (0)
(2,270) — — (4,464) (5,695) 5,695
— — —
   39,363
6,202
 354,622
55,874
               1,112
 (23)
 3
 (2)
 (176)
 (49)
 (38)
 92
918
7,121
 10,018
(207)
27
(18)
(1,586)
(441)
(342)
829
8,270
64,153
— — — 15,483
     ¥24,226
¥102,834
¥(11,607)
¥36,752
 —
—
—
5,481
—
—
—
—
5,481
 —
—
—
(2,289)
—
—
—
—
(2,289)
 —
 —
—
—
(0)
—
—
—
(0)
—
—
—
—
—
3,574
(205)
53
3,422
51,811,185
¥24,356
¥24,226
¥106,026
¥(11,607)
¥40,326
¥(1,065)
¥444
¥182,707
                           1,634
 (47)
1,586
 5,535
 54
¥ 5,481
14,721
(423)
14,288
49,865
486
$ 49,378
  Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 03)
 Shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income
    Number of shares of common stock
51,811,185
Common stock
$219,423
Additional paid-in capital
$218,252
Retained earnings
$926,432
Treasury stock
$(104,568)
Unrealized holding gains on securities
$331,099
Retirement benefits
liability Non-controlling adjustments interests
$(7,739) $3,514
Total net assets
$1,586,414
    —
—
—
49,378
—
—
—
—
49,378
 —
—
—
(20,622)
—
—
—
—
(20,622)
 —
 —
—
—
(0)
—
—
—
(0)
—
—
—
—
—
32,198
(1,847)
477
30,829
51,811,185
$219,423
$218,252
$955,189
$(104,568)
$363,297
$(9,595)
$4,000
$1,646,009
       Millions of yen
2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 03)
2019
$49,865
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
  ¥5,535
  3,578
 (209)
3,368
¥8,903
32,234
(1,883)
30,342
$80,207
 ¥8,850
 53
 $79,730
477
34 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 35

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Profit before income taxes and non-controlling interests Depreciation and amortization
Increase (decrease) in allowance reserves
Decrease in net defined benefit liability
Impairment loss
Interest and dividend income
Interest expense
Foreign exchange (gain) loss
(Gain) loss on valuation of securities
(Gain) loss on sales of property, plant and equipment (Gain) loss on sales of investment securities
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Increase) decrease in notes and accounts receivable (Increase) decrease in inventories
(Increase) decrease in other current assets
Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable Increase (decrease) in other current liabilities Increase (decrease) in other long-term liabilities Other
Subtotal
Receipt of interest and dividends Payment of interest
Payment of income taxes
Net cash provided by operating activities
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Time deposits received
Time deposits paid
Reduction of investments in specified trusts
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities Acquisition of marketable securities
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment Acquisition of intangible assets
Acquisition of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of investment securities Payments for loans
Collection of loans
Long-term advance payment costs
Other
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Short-term bank loans received Repayment of short-term bank loans Long-term debt received
Repayment of long-term debt Repayment of finance lease obligation Cash dividends paid
Treasury stock purchased
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year (Note 04)
Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year (Note 04)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 03)
2019
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries
Note 01 Basis of Presenting the Consolidated Financial Statements
 2019
2018
¥11,697 2,492 217
(91) —
(1,081) 23
2 (387)
— (320) 37
(4,142) 793 128 44 922 1 0 10,336 985
(23) (2,453)
8,845
75 (75) 66
1,999 (1,999) (1,867)
20 (253) (1,130)
574 (61) 99
(403) (4) (2,959)
80 (80) 248 (70) (64)
(2,270) (4,464) (6,621)
(2) (737)
48,098 ¥47,360
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Kissei Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (the Company) and its subsidiaries (the Companies) are prepared on the basis of accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, which are different in certain respects as to application and disclosure
Note 02 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (1) Scope of Consolidation
The numbers of subsidiaries the Company had for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 were four, respectively, of which three were con- solidated in the respective years. The subsidiaries that have been included in the scope of consolidation are listed below:
requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards, and are com- piled from the consolidated financial statements prepared by the Company as required by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan.
(ii) Intangible assets (excluding lease assets)
Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method.
Software costs for internal use are amortized over their expected useful lives (mainly 5 years) on a straight-line basis.
(iii) Lease assets (pertaining to lease transactions not involving the trans-
fer of ownership)
Lease assets are depreciated by the straight-line method with the respective lease period and the residual value being zero.
(7) Accounting for Consumption Tax
Consumption tax is imposed at the flat rate of 8% on all domestic consumption of goods and services (with certain exemptions).
Consumption tax withheld upon sale and consumption tax paid by the Companies on their purchases of goods and services are not included in the respective revenue and cost or expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.
(8) Foreign Currency Translation
Receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies are trans- lated into yen at the rates of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date, and differences arising from the translation are included in the consoli- dated statements of income.
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the historical exchange rates prevailing at the time such transactions were made.
(9) Income Taxes
Income taxes of the Companies consist of corporate income tax, local inhabitants taxes, and enterprise tax.
The asset and liability approach is used to recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the basis of assets and liabilities.
(10) Allowances, Accrued Bonuses to Employees and Reserves for Certain Expenses
(i) Allowance for doubtful accounts
The Companies provide an “Allowance for doubtful accounts” based on the percentage of their historical bad debt loss incurred against the balance of total receivables in addition to the amount of uncollectable receivables estimated on an individual basis.
(ii) Accrued bonuses to employees
“Accrued bonuses to employees” is provided for based on estimated amounts which the Companies should pay to employees for their services rendered during the six-month period ended on the balance sheet date.
(iii) Accrued bonuses to directors and corporate auditors
“Accrued bonuses to directors and corporate auditors” is provided for based on estimated payments for their performance during the year ended March 31.
    ¥ 7,121
 2,607
 (397)
 (2,174)
 49
 (1,112)
 23
 (1)
 176
 (1)
 (3)
 3
 1,910
 1,968
 16
 (546)
 (219)
 3
 (31)
9,391
 995
 (23)
 (4,017)
6,346
 $ 64,153
23,486
(3,577)
(19,586)
441
(10,018)
207
(9)
1,586
(9)
(27)
27
17,207
17,730
144
(4,919)
(1,973)
27
(279)
84,604
8,964
(207)
(36,189)
57,171
                      Name of subsidiaries
Kissei Shoji Co., Ltd. Kissei Comtec Co., Ltd. Hashiba Technos Co., Ltd.
(2) Consolidation and Elimination
% of voting rights owned
Paid-in capital, millions of yen
   100%
¥ 50
83%
¥334
100%
¥ 45
              In preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements, all significant intercompany transactions, account balances, and unrealized profits between the Companies have been eliminated, and the portion thereof attributable to non-controlling interests is charged to non-controlling interests.
(3) Investments in Unconsolidated Subsidiaries
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries are carried at cost, cost being determined by the moving average method, as there would be no signifi- cant effect in the consolidated statements of income if they were accounted for by the equity method.
(4) Valuation of Securities
Held-to-maturity debt securities are carried at amortized cost. Marketable securities classified as other securities are carried at fair value as of the balance sheet date with changes in unrealized holding gain or loss, net of the applicable income taxes, included directly in net assets. The cost of securities sold is primarily determined by the moving
average method.
Non-marketable securities classified as other securities are stated at
cost primarily determined by the moving average method.
Short-term investments in specified trusts are stated at market value.
(5) Inventory Valuation
Inventories are mainly valued at cost using the gross average method (the amount on the balance sheet is reduced to reflect decreased profitability).
(6) Method of Depreciation of Significant Depreciable Assets
(i) Property, plant and equipment (excluding lease assets)
Depreciation is computed using the declining-balance method at rates based on the estimated useful lives of the assets. The range of useful lives is principally from 3 to 50 years for buildings and structures.
Depreciation for buildings acquired on or after April 1, 1998 (excluding facilities attached to buildings) and for both facilities attached to build- ings and other non-building structures acquired on or after April 1, 2016 is computed using the straight-line method.
                75
 (74)
 80
 —
 —
 (1,093)
 152
 (240)
 (406)
 126
 (71)
 72
 (682)
 (25)
(2,087)
676
(667)
721
—
—
(9,847)
1,369
(2,162)
(3,658)
1,135
(640)
649
(6,144)
(225)
(18,802)
                               —
 —
 91
 (30)
 (77)
 (2,289)
 (0)
(2,306)
1
1,954
 47,360
¥49,315
—
—
820
(270)
(694)
(20,622)
(0)
(20,775)
9
17,604
426,667
$444,279
                   36 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 37

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(iv) Reserve for sales returns
“Reserve for sales returns” is estimated based on the percentage of the Companies’ own actual return history against sales.
(v) Reserve for sales rebates
“Reserve for sales rebates” is provided for in an amount equivalent to the expected amount payable by the Companies to dealers in respect of the balance of accounts receivable at the balance sheet date based on current applicable rebate rates.
(VI) Reserve for sales promotion expenses
“Reserve for sales promotion expenses” is provided for in an amount equivalent to the expected amount payable by the Companies to dealers in respect of products held by dealers at the balance sheet date based on current applicable rates.
(VII) Accrued retirement benefits to directors and corporate auditors “Accrued retirement benefits to directors and corporate auditors” are provided at the amount payable at year-end in accordance with the Companies’ internal regulations.
(11) Accounting Method for Retirement Benefits
Accrued retirement benefits and prepaid pension cost for employees have been recorded mainly at the amount calculated based on the retire- ment benefit obligation and the fair value of the plan assets as of the balance sheet date.
(i) Allocation of expected benefit payments
When calculating retirement benefit obligation, the benefit formula method is used to allocate expected benefit payments to the period.
(ii) Actuarial differences and prior service cost
Prior service cost is amortized through the straight-line method over a term that does not exceed the average remaining service period of employees who are expected to receive benefits under the plans (10 years).
Net actuarial gains or losses are amortized from the following year through the straight-line method over a term that does not exceed the average remaining service period of employees who are expected to receive benefits under the plans (10 years).
(iii) Accounting treatment for unrecognized actuarial gains and losses and unrecognized prior service cost
Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses and unrecognized prior service cost are adjusted for tax effects and then recorded in retirement benefits liability adjustments under accumulated other comprehensive income in the net assets portion of the consolidated balance sheets.
(12) Recognizing Revenues and Costs of Construction Contracts
Revenues and costs of construction contracts for which contract reve- nues, contract costs and the percentage-of-completion can be reliably estimated are recognized by the percentage-of-completion method. The percentage-of-completion is calculated at the cost incurred as a percentage of the estimated total cost. The completed-contract method continues to be applied for construction contracts for which the percent- age-of-completion cannot be reliably estimated.
(13) Profit and Dividends per Share
Profit attributable to owners of the parent per share is based upon the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each fiscal year.
Cash dividends per share shown for each year in the accompanying consolidated statements of income represent dividends approved or declared as applicable to the respective years.
(14) Research and Development Expenses
Research and development expenses are recognized as an expense when incurred in accordance with Japanese accounting standards.
(15) Accounting Standards Issued but Not Yet Effective
“Accounting Standard and Implementation Guidance on Revenue Recognition”
On March 30, 2018, the ASBJ issued “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29) and “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Guidance No. 30). (i) Overview
This is a comprehensive accounting standard for revenue recognition. Specifically, the accounting standard establishes the following five-step model that will apply to revenue from customers:
1. Identify the contract(s) with a customer
2. Identify the performance obligations in the contract
3. Determine the transaction price
4. Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the
contract
5. Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance
obligation
(ii) Scheduled date of adoption
The Companies expect to adopt the accounting standard and imple- mentation guidance from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
(iii) Impact of the adoption of accounting standard and implementation
guidance
The Companies are currently evaluating the effect of the adoption of this accounting standard and implementation guidance on its consolidated financial statements.
(16) Change in Presentation Methods
Application of “Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting”
The “Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting” (ASBJ Statement No. 28, issued February 16, 2018) have been adopted from the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019. Accordingly, the Companies have presented deferred tax assets under investments and other assets, and deferred tax liabilities under long-term liabilities.
As a result, ¥2,436 million in deferred tax assets listed under current assets and ¥2,266 million in deferred tax liabilities listed under long-term liabilities were reclassified and included in net calculations of ¥670 million for deferred tax assets under investments and other assets; and amount- ing the remaining amount of ¥9,935 million was recalculated and presented in deferred tax liabilities under long-term liabilities in the comparative year as at March 31, 2018.
Note 03 United States Dollar Amounts
The accompanying consolidated financial statements are expressed in
yen, and solely for the convenience of the reader, have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of ¥111=U.S.$1, the approximate rate of
Note 04 Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:
Cash on hand and in banks
Marketable securities
Time deposits with original maturities of over three months Claims with redemption period exceeding 3 months, etc. Cash and cash equivalents
Note 05 Financial Instruments Overview
exchange prevailing at March 31, 2019. This translation should not be construed as a representation that all amounts shown could be converted into U.S. dollars at such a rate.
  2019
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2018 2019 ¥24,371
23,288 (50) (249)
¥47,360
 ¥26,325
 23,039
 (50)
 —
¥49,315
 $237,162
207,559
(450)
—
$444,279
         (1) Policy for financial instruments
The Companies manage temporary cash surpluses through low-risk financial assets. Further, the Companies raise short-term capital through bank bor- rowings. The Companies use derivatives for the purpose of reducing risk arising from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and do not enter into derivatives for speculative or trading purposes.
(2) Types of financial instruments and related risk
Trade receivables—notes and accounts receivable—are exposed to credit risk in relation to customers. In accordance with the internal policies for manag- ing credit risk of the Companies arising from receivables, each related division monitors credit worthiness of their main customers periodically, and moni- tors due dates and outstanding balances by individual customer.
Marketable securities and investment securities are exposed to market risk. Those securities are composed of mainly the shares of common stock of other companies with which the Companies have business relationships. The market value of these securities is periodically reported to the Board of Directors.
(3) Supplementary explanation of the estimated fair value of financial instruments
The fair value of financial instruments is based on their quoted market price, if available. When there is no quoted market price available, fair value is reasonably estimated. Since various assumptions and factors are reflected in estimating the fair value, different assumptions and factors could result in a different fair value.
Estimated Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Carrying value of financial instruments on the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2018 and 2019 and unrealized gains (losses) are shown in the following tables. The following does not include financial instruments for which it is extremely difficult to determine the fair value.
(Please refer to *2 in the following.)
Carrying value
Carrying value
Cash on hand and in banks
Notes and accounts receivable
Marketable securities and investment securities
Total ¥155,954 Derivatives ¥ —
Millions of yen
Estimated fair value
Millions of yen
Estimated fair value
¥ 24,371 28,873 102,709 ¥155,954 ¥—
Unrealized gains (losses)
Unrealized gains (losses)
¥— — — ¥— ¥—
As of March 31, 2019
Assets:
Cash on hand and in banks
Notes and accounts receivable
Marketable securities and investment securities Total
Derivatives
As of March 31, 2018
Assets:
    ¥ 26,325
¥ 26,325
¥—
 26,963
 26,963
—
108,242
108,242
—
¥161,531
¥161,531
¥—
¥—
¥—
¥—
            ¥ 24,371 28,873 102,709
         38 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 39

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
As of March 31, 2019
Assets:
Cash on hand and in banks
Notes and accounts receivable
Marketable securities and investment securities Total
Derivatives
Carrying value
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Estimated fair value
Unrealized gains (losses)
Millions of yen 2018
  Equitysecurities Corporate debt securities Other
Total
Equity securities Corporate debt securities Other
Total
Acquisition cost ¥18,115 1,350 30,689 ¥50,155
Acquisition cost
Carrying amount ¥ 69,658 1,347 31,703 ¥102,709
Gross unrealized holding gains
¥51,634 5 1,092 ¥52,732
Gross unrealized holding losses
¥ 91 7 78 ¥178
Gross unrealized holding losses
   $ 237,162
$ 237,162
$—
 242,910
 242,910
—
975,153
975,153
—
$1,455,234
$1,455,234
$—
$—
$—
$—
                *1: Methods to determine the estimated fair value of financial instruments and other matters related to securities and derivative transactions Cash on hand and in banks and notes and accounts receivable
Since these items are settled in a short period of time, their carrying value approximates fair value. Marketable securities and investment securities
The fair value of stocks is based on quoted market prices. For information on securities classified by holding purpose, please refer to Note 06 Securities. *2: Financial instruments for which it is extremely difficult to determine the fair value are as follows:
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
Carrying amount
Gross unrealized holding gains
 $164,081
$679,243
$519,216
$4,054
 12,162
 12,270
126
9
278,631
283,622
6,604
1,613
$454,892
$975,153
$525,955
$5,694
       2019
2018 ¥1,272
34 467
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
Unlisted stocks are not included in the preceding tables because there were no quoted market prices available and it is extremely difficult to deter- mine the fair value.
Sales proceeds of securities classified as other securities and the gross realized gains and losses for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:
 ¥1,270
 17
 467
 $11,441
153
4,207
Unlisted stocks
Investments in partnerships
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries
     Because no quoted market price is available and it is extremely difficult to determine the fair value, the above financial instruments are not included in “Marketable securities and investment securities.”
*3: Redemption schedule for receivables and marketable securities with maturities at March 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:
Sales proceeds Gross realized gains Gross realized losses
Note 07 Inventories
Inventories at March 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:
2019
2019
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
2018 ¥528
320 —
2018
¥ 1,439
2,559
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
 ¥16
 3
 —
 $144
27
—
    As of March 31, 2019
Assets:
Cash on hand and in banks
Notes and accounts receivable
Marketable securities and investment securities Total
As of March 31, 2018
Assets:
Cash on hand and in banks
Notes and accounts receivable
Marketable securities and investment securities Total
As of March 31, 2019
Assets:
Cash on hand and in banks
Notes and accounts receivable
Marketable securities and investment securities Total
Due in one year or less
Due in one year or less
¥24,371 28,873 23,243
¥76,487
Due in one year or less
Due after one year through five years
Due after five years through ten years
Due after ten years
Due after ten years
Millions of yen
      ¥26,325
¥—
¥—
¥—
 26,963
 —
—
—
23,040
1,866
2,468
1,000
¥76,328
¥1,866
¥2,468
¥1,000
       ¥ 2,013
 2,740
 1,950
 7,131
 128
¥13,965
 $ 18,135
24,685
17,568
64,243
1,153
$125,811
 Millions of yen
Merchandise
Finished goods
Work-in-process 2,043 Raw materials 9,274 Supplies 614 Total ¥15,933
  Due after one year through five years
Due after five years through ten years
          ¥ ¥1,378
¥ ¥2,162
¥ ¥1,299
Due after ten years
—
—
—
    — 1,378
— 2,162
— 1,299
       Thousands of U.S. dollars
Note 08 Short-Term Bank Loans and Long-Term Debt
Short-term bank loans outstanding at March 31, 2018 and 2019 represent one-year notes issued by the Companies to banks. Short-term bank loans made
Due after one year through five years
Due after five years through ten years
during the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 bore interest at an average annual rate of 1.08% and 1.08%, respectively. Long-term debt outstanding of the Companies at March 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:
    $237,162
$—
$—
$—
 242,910
 —
—
—
207,568
16,811
22,234
9,009
$687,640
$16,811
$22,234
$9,009
   Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
  2019
2018
¥1,904 (27)
¥1,876
  ¥1,964
 (34)
¥1,930
 $17,694
(306)
$17,387
   Note 06 Securities
The acquisition cost, carrying amount, and gross unrealized holding gains and losses for securities with fair value by security type at March 31, 2018 and
Non-secured loans with financial institutions, bearing interest at rates ranging from 0.00% to 1.48% due from 2018 to 2022
Less: current maturities due within one year Total
The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt outstanding at March 31, 2019 are as follows:
* Borrowings of ¥1,899 million ($17,108 thousand) as at March 31, 2019 and ¥1,858 million as at March 31, 2018 from the Japan Agency for Medical Research and Development, a National Research and Development Agency, are no interest bearing. The repayment schedule does not include these amounts as the repayment schedule for these borrowings will be deter- mined upon approval dates for completion of development projects in the future.
   2019 are as follows:
Equity securities Corporate debt securities Other
Total
Millions of yen
Year ending March 31 2021
2022
2023
Millions of yen
¥16 13 —
    Acquisition cost
2019
Carrying amount
Gross unrealized holding gains
Gross unrealized holding losses
$144 117 — 2024 ——
    ¥18,213
¥ 75,396
¥57,633
¥450
 1,350
 1,362
14
1
30,928
31,482
733
179
¥50,493
¥108,242
¥58,381
¥632
           40 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 41

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 09 Lease Obligations
Lease obligations outstanding of the Companies at March 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:
Lease obligations due from 2018 to 2026 Less: current maturities due within one year Total
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
Note 11 Funded Defined Benefit Plans
General Outline of Retirement Benefit Plans Implemented
The Companies have introduced cash balance plans into their defined benefit corporate pension plans. In certain cases, the Companies pay additional retire- ment benefits for employees that are not included in the retirement benefit obligations determined actuarially in accordance with the accounting standard for retirement benefits. In addition, a retirement benefit trust has been established as part of the Company’s defined benefit corporate pension plans.
  2019
2018 ¥301
(79) ¥221
 ¥ 381
 (110)
¥ 271
 $3,432
(991)
$2,441
    * The average interest rate of lease obligations is not stated because lease obligations appear in the consolidated balance sheets as total amounts before deductions of interest equiva- lents included in lease payments.
For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
(i) Reconciliation of defined benefit obligation at beginning and end of period
Defined benefit obligation at beginning of period Service cost
Interest cost
Actuarial gains and losses incurred this period Retirement benefits paid
Defined benefit obligation at end of period
(ii) Reconciliation of balance of plan assets at beginning and end of period
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
The aggregate annual maturities of lease obligations (excluding current portion) outstanding at March 31, 2019 are as follows:
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
2018
¥ 3,155 1,428 492 678 438 154 190 202 124 794 7,659
(1,100) ¥ 6,558
¥(15,810) (13) (15,823)
Thousands of U.S. dollars
$919 748 532 234
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
2019
2019
2018 ¥21,021
861 61 (5)
(426) ¥21,511
2018 ¥15,641
391
253 1,028
(426) —
 ¥21,511
 863
 61
 367
 (534)
¥22,269
 $193,793
7,775
550
3,306
(4,811)
$200,622
  Year ending March 31
2021 ¥102 2022 83 2023 59 2024 26
                   Note 10 Income Taxes
Deferred tax assets and liabilities at March 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:
Deferred Tax Assets:
Prepaid research and development expenses Net defined benefit liability
Inventory assets
Accrued bonuses to employees
Write-down of securities
Payment of retirement benefits to directors and corporate auditors Impairment loss
Accrued enterprise tax
Reserve for sales rebates
Other
Total gross deferred tax assets
Valuation allowance
Total deferred tax assets
Deferred Tax Liabilities:
Unrealized holding gains on securities Other
Total deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets (liabilities), net
Reconciliation of the actual tax rate for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:
Effective statutory tax rate Adjustments:
Entertainment expenses and other non-deductibles Dividend income not taxable
Tax benefits due to research and development expenses Per capital levy of local inhabitants taxes
Valuation allowance
Other
Actual tax rate
2019
Plan assets at beginning of period
Expected return on plan assets
Actuarial gains and losses incurred this period Employer contribution
Retirement benefits paid
Establishment of employee retirement benefit trust Plan assets at end of period
(iii) Reconciliation of defined benefit obligation and
Defined benefit obligation for funded plan
Plan assets
Net amount of defined benefit liability and asset on
Defined benefit liability
Net amount of defined benefit liability and asset on
(iv) The components of retirement benefit expense
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets Amortization of actuarial gains and losses Amortization of prior service cost
Other
Retirement benefit expense
  ¥16,887
 422
 (188)
 1,031
 (534)
 1,900
 ¥19,518
 $152,135
3,802
(1,694)
9,288
(4,811)
17,117
$175,838
          ¥ 3,545
 1,438
 626
 601
 438
 155
 150
 90
 89
 745
7,882
 (1,059)
¥ 6,822
 $ 31,937
12,955
5,640
5,414
3,946
1,396
1,351
811
802
6,712
71,009
(9,541)
$ 61,459
          ¥16,887
plan assets with net defined benefit liability and asset reflected on the consolidated balance sheets
           2019
2019
Millions of yen
2018
¥ 21,511
(16,887)
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
 ¥ 22,269
 (19,518)
¥ 2,750
2,750
¥ 2,750
 $ 200,622
(175,838)
$ 24,775
24,775
$ 24,775
       the consolidated balance sheets the consolidated balance sheets
¥ ¥
Millions of yen
4,623
4,623 4,623
           ¥(17,430)
 (137)
(17,567)
¥(10,744)
$(157,027)
(1,234)
(158,261)
$ (96,793)
    ¥
(9,264)
2019
30.5%
2018 ¥ 861 61
(391) 660 (255)
24 ¥ 960
2018 ¥(255)
919 ¥ 664
  ¥ 863
 61
 (422)
 508
 (255)
 50
¥ 807
 $ 7,775
550
(3,802)
4,577
(2,297)
450
$ 7,270
    2018 30.7%
0.7 (0.6) (9.5) 0.7 (0.0) 0.2 22.2%
(v) The components of retirement benefit liability adjustment included in other comprehensive income (before tax effect) Millions of yen
            1.0
 (1.0)
 (9.1)
 1.2
 (0.6)
 0.3
22.3%
              2019
  ¥(255)
 (46)
¥(301)
 $(2,297)
(414)
$(2,712)
Prior service cost Actuarial gains and losses Total
     42 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 43

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(vi) The components of retirement benefit liability adjustment included in accumulated other comprehensive income (before tax effect)
Note 15 Segment Information
(1) Overview of Reportable Segments
The Reportable segments of the Companies are components for which discrete financial information is available and whose operating results are regu- larly reviewed by the Board of Directors to make decisions about resource allocation and to assess their performance.
As the Companies’ primary business is the pharmaceutical business, its reportable segment is the pharmaceuticals segment.
(2) Method of Calculating Sales and Profit (Loss), Identifiable Assets / Liabilities, and Other Items by Reportable Segment
The accounting procedure for Reportable segments is the same as that described in Note 02 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. Segment profit is calculated based on operating income.
Intersegment sales are recognized based on the price in an arm’s-length transaction.
(3) Changes in Presentation Methods
Referring Note 02 (16), the Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting (ASBJ Statement No. 28, issued February 16, 2018) were applied to consolidated financial results from the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019. The comparative amount of segment assets for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 has been adjusted accordingly.
 2019
2018 ¥(1,530)
2,798 ¥ 1,267
2019
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
2018 21% 27
1 51 0 100%
 ¥(1,275)
 2,845
¥ 1,569
 $(11,486)
25,631
$ 14,135
Unrecognized prior service cost Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses Total
(vii) Plan assets information
Breakdown of plan assets
Ratio of each component of plan assets to amount of total pension assets
Debt securities
Equity securities
Cash on hand and in banks General accounts
Other
Total
(4) Information on Sales and Profit (Loss), Identifiable Assets / Liabilities, and Other Items by Reportable Segment
      18%
 25
 11
 46
 0
100%
           * Total pension assets include a retirement benefit trust established as part of the Company’s defined benefit corporate pension plans. The proportion of pension assets in trust was 9.7% for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
The expected return on assets has been estimated based on the anticipated allocation to each asset class and the expected long-term returns on assets held in each category.
Millions of yen
As of March 31, 2019
Net sales:
Sales to third parties Intersegment sales and transfers
Total Segment profit Segment assets
Other items:
Depreciation*2
Increase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets*2
Pharmaceuticals
Total
Other*1
Total
in long-term
Total
¥ 74,009 5,124 ¥ 79,134 ¥ 9,837 ¥212,559
¥ 2,656 2,947
in long-term
Total
in long-term
Reportable segments
    ¥ 61,520
 ¥ 61,520
¥10,777
¥ 72,297
—
—
4,647
4,647
¥ 61,520
¥ 61,520
¥15,424
¥ 76,944
¥ 5,487
¥ 5,487
¥ 622
¥ 6,110
¥203,818
¥203,818
¥11,676
¥215,494
    (viii) Assumptions used in accounting for the above plans (discount rate is displayed as a weighted average)
Discount rate
Expected rate of return on plan assets
2019 2018 0.4% 0.5% 2.5% 2.5%
        ¥ 2,357
 ¥ 2,357
¥ 408
¥ 2,765
1,899
1,899
325
2,224
   Note 12 Other Comprehensive Income
Reconciling items with income tax effect relating to other comprehensive income for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 were as follows:
*1: The Other segment is not a reportable segment; it includes sales of materials and other goods, information solution services, and construction subcontracting. *2: Depreciation includes the amortization of long-term prepaid expenses. Increase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets reflects the increase
  2019
Reportable segments
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2018 2019 ¥22,543
(320) 22,223
(6,739) 15,484
259 404 664 (202) 461
¥15,945
prepaid expenses.
As of March 31, 2018 Net sales:
Sales to third parties Intersegment sales and transfers
Total Segment profit Segment assets
Other items:
Depreciation*2
Increase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets*2
Millions of yen
¥ 63,891 — ¥ 63,891 ¥ 9,205 ¥200,715
¥ 2,290 2,449
 Unrealized holding gains on securities: Amount recognized in the year Amount of recycling
Before income tax effect adjustment Amount of income tax effect Unrealized holding gains on securities
Retirement benefits liability adjustments: Amount recognized in the year Amount of recycling
Before income tax effect adjustment Amount of income tax effect Retirement benefits liability adjustments
Total other comprehensive income
Note 13 Contingent Liabilities For the year ended March 31, 2019
No corresponding items.
For the year ended March 31, 2018 No corresponding items.
Note 14 Government Grants
For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019
Pharmaceuticals
¥ 63,891 — ¥ 63,891 ¥ 9,205 ¥200,715
¥ 2,290 2,449
Total
Other*1
¥10,118 5,124 ¥15,242 ¥ 632 ¥11,883
¥ 366 497
    ¥ 5,201
 (3)
5,198
 (1,620)
3,578
 $46,856
(27)
46,829
(14,595)
32,234
                    (555)
 253
(301)
 92
(209)
¥ 3,368
(5,000)
2,279
(2,712)
829
(1,883)
$30,342
          *1: The Other segment is not a reportable segment; it includes sales of materials and other goods, information solution services, and construction subcontracting.
*2: Depreciation includes the amortization of long-term prepaid expenses. Increase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets reflects the increase
   prepaid expenses.
As of March 31, 2019
Net sales:
Sales to third parties Intersegment sales and transfers
Total Segment profit Segment assets
Other items:
Depreciation*2
Increase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets*2
Thousands of U.S. dollars Reportable segments
  Pharmaceuticals
Total
Other*1
     $ 554,234
 $ 554,234
$ 97,090
$ 651,324
—
—
41,865
41,865
$ 554,234
$ 554,234
$138,955
$ 693,189
$ 49,432
$ 49,432
$ 5,604
$ 55,045
$1,836,198
$1,836,198
$105,189
$1,941,387
          $ 21,234
 $ 21,234
$ 3,676
$ 24,910
17,108
17,108
2,928
20,036
    Government grants of ¥798 million ($7,189 thousand) for buildings and ¥113 million ($1,018 thousand) for land are deducted in calculating the carrying amounts of these assets.
*1: The Other segment is not a reportable segment; it includes sales of materials and other goods, information solution services, and construction subcontracting. *2: Depreciation includes the amortization of long-term prepaid expenses. Increase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets reflects the increase
prepaid expenses.
44 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 45

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(5) Reconciliation Items between Segment Information and the Consolidated Financial Statements
(iii) Major customer information
Alfresa Corporation SUZUKEN CO., LTD. MEDICEO CORPORATION
* Related segment for each major customer is the pharmaceuticals segment.
(i) Major items for adjustments
Net sales:
Total of reportable segments
Other segments
Elimination of intersegment transactions
Reported on consolidated financial statements Segment profit:
Total of reportable segments
Other segments
Elimination of intersegment transactions Adjustments to depreciable assets Other adjustments
Reported on consolidated financial statements Segment assets:
Total of reportable segments
Other segments
Elimination of intersegment transactions
Reported on consolidated financial statements (ii) Other items for adjustments
Depreciation:
Total of reportable segments Other segments Adjustments
Reported on consolidated financial statements Increase of property, plant and equipment and
Total of reportable segments Other segments Adjustments
Reported on consolidated financial statements
(6) Related Information
(i) Product and service information
Pharmaceuticals Other
Total
(ii) Geographical information (1) Net sales
Japan Europe Other Total
Millions of yen
¥
¥ ¥
¥
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2018 2019
Millions of yen
2019
2018 ¥11,797 10,455
8,027
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
Total 49
Total 441
 ¥11,612
 10,053
 7,737
 $104,613
90,568
69,703
2019
        ¥ 61,520
 15,424
 (4,647)
¥ 72,297
 $ 554,234
138,955
(41,865)
$ 651,324
63,891 15,242 (5,124) 74,009
9,205 632 65
(22) 7
9,887
(7) Information on Loss on Impairment of Property, Plant and Equipment by Reportable Segment
For the year ended March 31, 2019
Reportable segment Pharmaceuticals Total
Impairment loss 49
* The Other segment is not a reportable segment; it includes sales of materials and other goods, information solution services, and construction subcontracting.
          ¥ 5,487
 622
 69
 56
 (33)
¥ 6,202
$ 49,432
5,604
622
505
(297)
$ 55,874
Millions of yen
       49
Other* —
        ¥203,818
 11,676
 (1,972)
¥213,522
$1,836,198
105,189
(17,766)
$1,923,622
¥200,715 11,883
(1,777) ¥210,821
For the year ended March 31, 2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Reportable segment
Pharmaceuticals Total Other*
Impairment loss
* The Other segment is not a reportable segment; it includes sales of materials and other goods, information solution services, and construction subcontracting.
For the year ended March 31, 2018 No corresponding items.
(8) Information on Amortization of Goodwill and Remaining Unamortized Balance by Reportable Segment
For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 No corresponding items.
(9) Information on the Remaining Balance and Gain on Negative Goodwill by Reportable Segment
For the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 No corresponding items.
Note 16 Related Party Transactions
(1) Transaction with Companies in which Executives and Their Close Relations Own a Majority of Voting Rights, etc.
      441 441 —
  2019
2018
¥2,290 366
(163) ¥2,492
¥2,449 497
(301) ¥2,645
2018 ¥63,891 10,118 ¥74,009
2018 ¥65,666
5,402
2,941 ¥74,009
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
    ¥2,357
 408
 (157)
¥2,607
 $21,234
3,676
(1,414)
$23,486
      intangible assets:
   ¥1,899
 325
 (102)
¥2,122
$17,108
2,928
(919)
$19,117
       2019
2019
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
For the year ended March 31, 2019 No corresponding items.
For the year ended March 31, 2018
             ¥61,520
 10,777
¥72,297
 $554,234
97,090
$651,324
  Category
Companies in which executives and their close relations own a majority of voting rights
Name/ Name of Company
Kanzawa Limited
Location
Matsumoto City, Nagano Prefecture
Common stock or Investments in capital (millions of yen)
10
Type of business or occupation
Real estate rental, insurance agency
Ratio of voting rights holding (held)*1 (%)
6.6 (held)
Relationship with related party
—
Details of transaction
Acquisition of treasury stock*2
Transaction amount
(millions of yen) Account ¥4,183 —
Outstanding amount at the end of the year (millions of yen)
—
                          *1: Ratio of voting rights holding (held) is based on total shares issued net of treasury stock.
*2: Terms and conditions of the transaction and its policies: The above transaction was conducted through the Tokyo Stock Exchange Trading Network System for Off-Auction Own
Share Repurchase Trading (ToSTNeT-3).
 ¥66,143
 4,176
 1,977
¥72,297
 $595,883
37,622
17,811
$651,324
      (2) Property, plant and equipment
There are no corresponding items as the Companies do not possess any property, plant or equipment outside of Japan.
46 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 47

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Independent Auditor’s Report
(2) Transaction with Executives of Important Subsidiaries and Their Close Relations, etc.
 For the year ended March 31, 2019 No corresponding items.
For the year ended March 31, 2018
Name/ Name of Category Company
Executives of important Yuki subsidiaries and their Kanzawa
close relations
Location —
Common stock or Investments in capital (millions of yen)
—
Type of business or occupation
—
Ratio of voting rights holding (held) (%)
—
Relationship with related party
*1
Details of transaction
Acquisition of treasury stock*2
Transaction amount (millions of yen)
¥278
Outstanding amount
at the end of the year Account (millions of yen)
— —
                  *1: He is a close relative of the president and representative director of KISSEI COMTEC CO., LTD., Eiji Kanzawa
*2: Terms and conditions of the transaction and its policies: The above transaction was conducted through the Tokyo Stock Exchange Trading Network System for Off-Auction Own
Share Repurchase Trading (ToSTNeT-3).
Note 17 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
Selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:
 2019 2018 Payrollcosts ¥ 9,399 Research and development expenses 14,179 Depreciation 784
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2019
 ¥ 9,245
 15,711
 909
 13,497
¥39,363
 $ 83,288
141,541
8,189
121,595
$354,622
      Other Total
Note 18
13,869 ¥38,232
  Impairment Loss
 The following is a breakdown of the impairment losses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
 Location
Azumino City, Nagano Prefecture
Takamatsu City, Kagawa Prefecture
Fukuoka City, Fukuoka Prefecture
Purpose of Use
Idle asset
Leased asset
Idle asset
Classification
Land
Land
Buildings and structures, Land
Amount (millions of yen) (thousands of U.S. dollars)
¥30 $270 ¥14 $126 ¥4 $36
                               The Companies categorize assets by the smallest unit that generates independent cash flow. The Companies assess impairment losses on their business units, whereas idle and leased assets are separately evaluated for impairment.
The Companies made decision and have recognized an impairment loss of ¥49 million ($441 thousand) for idle and leased assets due to a significant decline in their market value by reducing their net book value to the respective net realizable value each asset.
Furthermore, the net realizable value of the idle and leased assets was estimated based on their appraisal value or disposition value.
Note 19 Amounts Per Share
Amounts per share as of March 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:
Net assets
Profit attributable to owners of parent Cash dividends
Yen
U.S. dollars
2019
 2019
2018 ¥3,761.03 188.26 48.0
 ¥3,901.49
 117.33
 50.0
 $35.15
1.06
0.45
     Diluted profit attributable to owners of parent per share is not presented because there are no dilutive potential of shares of common stock.
Net assets per share are computed based on the net assets excluding non-controlling interests and the number of common stock outstanding at the year end.
Profit attributable to owners of parent per share is computed based on the profit attributable to owners of parent and the average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.
Cash dividends per share represent the cash dividends proposed by the Board of Directors together with the interim cash dividends paid.
Note 20 Subsequent Events No corresponding items.
 48 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 49

                           Corporate Information
As of March 31, 2019
Corporate Data
Investor Information
As of March 31, 2019
Stock Exchange Listing
Tokyo
Stock Code
4547
Common Stock
Authorized
227,000,000 shares
Issued
51,811,185 shares
Number of Shareholders
3,341
(Year-on-year change: 475 decrease)
Principal Shareholders
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust account) The Hachijuni Bank, Ltd.
Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
Kanzawa Limited
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust account)
Mutsuo Kanzawa
Kissei Group Employee Stockholders Committee
Nabelin Co., Ltd.
THE NAGANO BANK, LTD.
  Number of shares held (hundreds)
Voting rights (%)
  32,000
6.8
 27,420
 5.9
23,333
5.0
 18,334
3.9
 16,782
 3.6
15,468
3.3
 15,414
3.3
 12,356
2.6
 12,223
 2.6
11,260
2.4
 Company Name
KISSEI PHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
Established
August 9, 1946
Capital
¥24,356 million
Number of Employees
1,504 (Non-consolidated)
URL
https://www.kissei.co.jp/e_contents/
             Head Office
      Major Business Locations/Consolidated Subsidiaries
Note: Kissei holds 50,948 hundred shares of treasury stock but is not included in the above list of principal shareholders. Further, the calculation of voting rights percentages is based on total shares issued net of treasury stock.
  Headquarters
Head Office
19-48, Yoshino, Matsumoto, Nagano 399-8710, Japan +81-263-25-9081
Tokyo Head Office
8-9, Nihonbashi-Muromachi 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-0022, Japan
+81-3-3279-2761
Tokyo Head Office (Koishikawa)
1-3, Koishikawa 3-chome, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 112-0002, Japan +81-3-5684-3530
Laboratories
Central Research Laboratories
4365-1, Hotakakashiwabara, Azumino, Nagano 399-8304, Japan
Safety Research Laboratories
2320-1, Hotakamaki, Azumino, Nagano 399-8305, Japan
Pharmaceutical Laboratories
4365-1, Hotakakashiwabara, Azumino, Nagano 399-8304, Japan
Joetsu Chemical Laboratories
197-5, Kamikichi, Kubiki-ku, Joetsu, Niigata 942-0145, Japan
Plants
Matsumoto Plants
Composition of Shareholders by Category
Composition of Shareholders by Number of Shares Held
19-48, Yoshino, Matsumoto, Nagano 399-8710, Japan
Shiojiri Plants
9637-5, Kataoka, Shiojiri, Nagano 399-0711, Japan
Centers
Nutritional Business Center
9637-6, Kataoka, Shiojiri, Nagano 399-0711, Japan
Information Center
4010-10, Wada, Matsumoto, Nagano 390-1293, Japan
Subsidiaries
Consolidated Subsidiaries
KISSEI SHOJI CO., LTD.
1-1, Hiratahigashi 2-chome, Matsumoto, Nagano 399-0014, Japan
KISSEI COMTEC CO., LTD.
4010-10, Wada, Matsumoto, Nagano 390-1293, Japan
HASHIBA TECHNOS CO., LTD.
1-1, Hiratahigashi 2-chome, Matsumoto, Nagano 399-0014, Japan
Unconsolidated Subsidiaries
KISSEI AMERICA, INC.
400 Kelby Street, 16FL Fort Lee, NJ 07024, USA +1-201-363-4630
Securities companies: 25/
240 thousand shares (0.5%) Financial institutions: 44/ 17,842 thousand shares (34.4%) Other companies: 171/
12,145 thousand shares (23.4%)
Non-Japanese institutions and individuals: 253/
9,581 thousand shares (18.5%) Individuals and others: 2,848/ 12,001 thousand shares (23.2%)
1–999 shares: 1,949/
472 thousand shares (0.9%)
1,000–9,999 shares: 1,141/ 2,584 thousand shares (5.0%) 10,000–99,999 shares: 180/ 5,319 thousand shares (10.3%)
100,000–999,999 shares: 60/ 19,880 thousand shares (38.4%) 1,000,000 and over shares: 11/ 23,554 thousand shares (45.4%)
Trading Volume (Thousands of shares)
4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
  Stock Price Range / Trading Volume
Stock Price (Yen) 4,000
3,500 3,000 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500
         50 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 51
00 17/4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 18/1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 19/1 2 3

19-48, Yoshino, Matsumoto, Nagano 399-8710, Japan
    In consideration of environmental concerns, this report is
printed on FSC®-certified paper using the waterless
printing process and vegetable oil ink. Printed in Japan
