  Letter from the CEO
Letter from the CEO
 As an R&D-oriented company,
we will provide safe, high-quality products driven by our technical prowess and talented personnel in order to contribute to the health and medical care of
people around the world.
role as public institutions and take actions to correct our standing. I believe that in these times of drastic change, following our management philosophy—to contribute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceuti- cal products and serve society through our employees— will guide us toward greater corporate value.
To this end, we are implementing our current five-year medium-term management plan “Co-Creation” (fiscal 2017–fiscal 2021), beginning in April 2017. In the second year of the plan, the fiscal year under review, the patent expired for Urief® (Japanese product name, generic name: silodosin), a drug treatment for dysuria with BPH and one of our main products. To address this management issue, in fiscal 2019 we are focusing on the steady launch of products in the late stages of the development pipeline to market. These include the releases of Beova®, a treat- ment for overactive bladder, and P-TOL® Granules, a new micro-tablet-type granule dosage form of the treatment for hyperphosphatemia, in November 2018, and acquiring approval for Glubes® Combination Orally Disintegrating Tablet in February 2019, a new dosage form of the treat- ment for type 2 diabetes which we launched in June 2019. In addition, an application for JR-131 (development code), a biosimilar of darbepoetin alfa (generic name), a long- acting erythropoiesis-stimulating agent for the treatment of renal anemia, was submitted for approval in September 2018 by co-developer JCR Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Staying rooted in speed and quality, we focused on creating new research themes for drug discovery, and research directed at the early clinical stages. At the same time, we made an aggressive push with our licensing activities in order to expand our product portfolio. These include a contract signed in October 2018 with Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to secure exclusive development and marketing rights in Asian territories for the small molecule spleen tyrosine kinase inhibitor, R788 (development code, generic name: fostamatinib), and an agreement signed in June 2019 with Ferring Pharma Co., Ltd. for co-promotion in Japan of MINIRIN MELT® OD tablet 25μg and 50μg, for the treat- ment of nocturia due to nocturnal polyuria in men.
As an R&D-oriented company, we are working toward sustainable growth. Through the cooperation of our various stakeholders, we are also working to meet our responsibility to society as a company. To that end, in July 2019 we declared the following management policy in accordance with the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), directed at making them a reality.
The Kissei Group Policy for Achieving the SDGs
To realize our management philosophy—to contribute to society through high-quality, innovative pharmaceutical
products and serve society through our employees— we will conduct business that maintains a proper balance between economic, environ-
mental, and social aspects while keep-
ing compliance our top priority. In doing so, we will contribute to achiev- ing the SDGs.
Our governance system comprises a Board of Directors containing 14 members, including two independent out- side directors. In addition, our system employs a corpo- rate auditor system with four corporate auditors sitting on the Board of Corporate auditors, two of whom are outside auditors. We determine outside directors based on the independently determined criteria and necessary qualifications set forth in the Kissei Basic Policy on Corporate Governance. In addition, we have also estab- lished a Nomination and Compensation Deliberation Committee to propose candidates for dismissal or appointment as director, to deliberate over director compensation, and to propose candidates for the Board of Directors. This committee typically comprises the rep- resentative director, a Board member in charge of per- sonnel, and an outside director, but will also include an outside corporate auditor when nominating a candidate for a corporate auditor position or when a corporate auditor is up for dismissal. As CEO, I am responsible for all matters related to management, while Mr. Furihata, the Company president, is responsible for all matters related to business execution.
We intend to build trust with society as a company with a clear raison d’être by maintaining a dialogue with our various stakeholders, be they patients, medical care providers, business partners, shareholders, investors, employees, or local community members. The patent expiration of Urief® and the negative effects it has had on performance are temporary setbacks from which we will achieve renewed growth. In doing so, we will achieve our aim of improving corporate value.
I ask for the ongoing understanding and support of all our stakeholders moving forward.
   Guided by its management philosophy, the Kissei Group is aiming to make significant contributions to society. The Group promotes management policies that emphasize the importance of shareholders, employees, local com- munities, history and culture, and the environment. The management vision underpinning its core pharmaceuti- cal business challenges Kissei Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (Kissei) to be an R&D-oriented pharmaceutical company that contributes to the health of people around the world through innovative pharmaceutical products. To that end, Kissei is actively pushing forward with patient- centered measures including the undertaking of R&D activities, high-quality drug manufacturing, the collection and provision of medical information necessary for the optimum use of its products, the implementation of effi- cient operations, and the construction of a total market- ing system. In addition, each Kissei Group company assists in our pharmaceutical business and leverages its technologies to help develop our operations both domestically and internationally.
A combination of Japan’s aging population, the need to keep medical technology up to date with the latest technological advancements, and the appearance of
high drug prices have placed significant financial pres- sure on the medical insurance system, which has created increasingly harsh conditions surrounding the pharma- ceutical industry. As part of the effort to alleviate some of this pressure and move to a more sustainable system, the National Health Insurance Drug Prices Standard System has undergone a major overhaul. With an ongoing zero- growth scenario expected for Japan’s pharmaceutical market, it is clear that a company’s survival hinges on whether it can produce a continuous stream of new drugs to the market or not. On the other hand, we are seeing major upheavals in conditions surrounding R&D in the pharmaceutical industry, as well as the general con- cept of R&D itself. Technological innovations in life sci- ences, for example, have shifted development toward more difficult targets, such as rare and intractable dis- eases. Furthermore, drug discovery methods are advanc- ing at a rapid pace, and new treatment methods and medical technologies are entering into practical use. At the same time, society is keeping a strict eye on corporate governance within the pharmaceutical industry, as scan- dal and malpractice in the industry become a growing social problem, signaling a need for us to take note of our
July 2019
  Mutsuo Kanzawa
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  6 KISSEI Annual Report 2019
Annual Report 2019 KISSEI 7