Our People, Our Organization
Astellas recognizes employees as important stakeholders. Astellas employees play the most valuable role in transforming the Company and in achieving enhanced levels of enterprise value. We are working to train employees and strengthen their competitiveness.
Astellas is fostering a corporate culture that aims to align the aspirations of its diverse employees in one direction to realize its business philosophy.
HR Vision
Providing Opportunities for Employees to Succeed Globally Diversity Management
Promoting Health Management
Respect for Human Rights      © Astellas Pharma Inc.
96
 Home > Annual Report > Business Review > Our People, Our Organization > HR Vision
Annual Report 2020
HR Vision
Astellas has formulated a Human Resources (HR) Vision, which represents its approach to “Our People, Our Organization,” and this vision is shared globally to define its aspirations for its human resources and its organization. To realize Astellas’ VISION , employees should understand the HR Vision and act based on the Astellas Way.
As part of its activities to achieve these goals, Astellas is focusing on activities to disseminate the HR Vision. Specifically, this involved translating the HR Vision into various languages, conducting training and meetings for managers, and even reflecting the vision in talent development approach.
Moreover, as shown in the figure below, we have designed and implemented new HR system for the harmonization of many key HR processes that serve to attract, develop, and retain our talent at Astellas.
Astellas will increase the competitiveness of its human resources and organization by spreading and implementing the HR Vision and the Astellas Way. Moreover, Astellas will bring together individuals from diverse backgrounds within the Company to surmount national, regional and organizational barriers, foster mutual respect, and unite our people to continuously achieve innovation.
Overview of the HR Vision
     97

 © Astellas Pharma Inc.
98

 Home > Annual Report > Business Review > Our People, Our Organization
> Providing Opportunities for Employees to Succeed Globally
Annual Report 2020
Providing Opportunities for Employees to Succeed Globally
Astellas provides employees with opportunities to succeed globally in variety of way. In particular, we have newly established a job-posting -system which is available for our employees worldwide since 2020. In Japan, we encourage our employees to succeed in roles at various overseas bases by proactively appointing employees from each division to be assigned abroad. Moreover, we accept long-term and short-term assignees from Group companies outside Japan. In these and other ways, we are working to promote global interaction among our employees at the divisional level.
In this way, having this foundational system for HR management in place helps to ensure we have the right person in the right position at the right time in a continuous and consistent way form global perspective.
   © Astellas Pharma Inc.
99

                Home > Annual Report > Business Review > Our People, Our Organization > Diversity Management
Annual Report 2020
Diversity Management
Astellas is working to promote diversity so that diverse individuals can play a role, irrespective of race, nationality, gender, or age. Respecting the diverse values of our employees and reflecting their various perspectives in our business activities not only heightens creativity in our organization, but also helps to attract and retain talented people as employees and enhances our competitiveness.
Based on this recognition, Astellas implements measures led by its HR functions in each region to promote diversity in line with the current situation in the relevant region. For Astellas, promoting the career advancement of women in Japan is a high priority, particularly because the country has a low ratio of women in management positions compared to other regions, and the Company aims to develop a work environment and foster awareness among employees so that life events do not hinder career advancement.
The following engagements are unique efforts in Japan in promoting diversity.
In the year ended March 2019, Astellas acquired the Kurumin Certification as a company supporting employee child- raising from the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare, based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children. On top of this, Astellas has acquired the Platinum Kurumin Certification in October 2019 for our outstanding efforts. Moreover, Astellas has been selected by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Tokyo Stock Exchange as a Nadeshiko Brand company actively promoting women’s success in the workplace.
Furthermore, we have been promoting nationality diversity for the globalization of Astellas. In Japan we have employed non-Japanese new graduates since 2014.
The Astellas workplace environment is also well equipped to accommodate employees with disabilities. Aside from establishing Green Supply Support Office*1, in order for employees to thrive at work, Astellas employs the usage of speech-to-text applications to support employees with hearing impairments. Moreover Astellas has taken part in Accessibility Consortium of Enterprises (ACE)*2.
*1 Green Supply Support Office: function established in one of Japanese affiliated companies to support employees with disability by offering employment opportunities. Duties including planting, recycling, and cleaning are tailored to promote environmental sustainability.
*2 Accessibility Consortium of Enterprises (ACE): Japanese general incorporated association for model innovation of employment services for persons with disabilities.
Employee Ratio per Region and Ratio of Female Managers (The year ended March 2020) *3
Male 44.9% 41.2% 39.7% 70.7% 45.1% 53.0%
    Established Markets*4
  Greater China*5
 International Markets*6
  Japan
 United States
 Average
 Female 55.1% 58.8% 60.3% 29.3% 54.9% 47.0%
 100

        Established Markets*4
Greater China*5
International Markets*6
Japan
United States
Average
              Ratio of female managers
50.9%
56.3%
*3 Expatriate employees seconded within the Astellas corporate group are included in the headcount of their current location. Expatriate employees seconded out of the Astellas corporate group are excluded from the headcount.
*4 Established Markets: Europe, Canada, Australia
*5 Greater China: China, Hong Kong, Taiwan
*6 International Markets: Russia, Latin America, the Middle East, Africa, Southeast Asia, South Asia, Korea
49.7%
10.2%
51.3%
40.0%
   © Astellas Pharma Inc.
101

 Home > Annual Report > Business Review > Our People, Our Organization > Promoting Health Management
Annual Report 2020
Promoting Health Management
We believe, if each of our employees performs at a high productivity, creativity and self-fulfillment level, our organization will revitalize and grow as One Astellas. To keep our employees in the aforesaid work style, we prioritize their good health and well-being. Based on this thinking, Astellas in Japan is proactively promoting health management to ensure employee health in workplace.
Specifically, in cooperation with the health insurance association (“collaboration health”), the Company is promoting employee health improvement and disease prevention, as well as work style reform, mental health and smoke-free working policies.
   © Astellas Pharma Inc.
102

Home > Annual Report > Business Review > Our People, Our Organization > Respect for Human Rights
Annual Report 2020
Respect for Human Rights
The Astellas Charter of Corporate Conduct and the Astellas Group Code of Conduct clearly state that members of the Astellas Group shall respect human rights and the personality and individuality of all its employees, observe all applicable international rules and local regulations, and embrace all cultures and customs. The recognition of the importance of respecting human rights is shared by Group companies worldwide.
Astellas disclosed its Position on Human Rights in April 2017. Wherever we operate, Astellas is committed to complying with internationally recognized basic human rights and labor standards as well as applicable local labor and employment laws, and to implementing and upholding the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. Also, Astellas conducted a human rights impact assessment and has identified four human rights issues to which we pay particular attention as human rights in clinical trials and other research and development activities, product safety and counterfeit drugs, Access to Health and human rights in the workplace. Moreover, under the U.K. Modern Slavery Act 2015, we publish a Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement for each fiscal year, describing what steps we have taken to address this risk in our own operations or our supply chains.
We have established a system for swiftly responding to human rights issues that includes the setting up of external and internal helplines, as well as conducting training sessions for employees. In June and July 2019 Astellas conducted Global Ethics & Compliance 2019 Employee Survey to better understand the Astellas culture and behaviors covering a speaking up culture which includes human rights and fair labor matters and identify potential areas for enhancements to operational excellence and potential compliance risks. In the year ended March 2020, there were no critical human rights issues or other issues of common, worldwide concern reported in the survey.    © Astellas Pharma Inc.
103