Diversity Management
Astellas is working to promote diversity so that diverse individuals can play a role, irrespective of race, nationality, gender, or age. Respecting the diverse values of our employees and reflecting their various perspectives in our business activities not only heightens creativity in our organization, but also helps to attract and retain talented people as employees and enhances our competitiveness.
Based on this recognition, Astellas implements measures led by its HR functions in each region to promote diversity in line with the current situation in the relevant region. For Astellas, promoting the career advancement of women in Japan is a high priority, particularly because the country has a low ratio of women in management positions compared to other regions, and the Company aims to develop a work environment and foster awareness among employees so that life events do not hinder career advancement.
The following engagements are unique efforts in Japan in promoting diversity.
In the year ended March 2019, Astellas acquired the Kurumin Certification as a company supporting employee child- raising from the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare, based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children. On top of this, Astellas has acquired the Platinum Kurumin Certification in October 2019 for our outstanding efforts. Moreover, Astellas has been selected by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Tokyo Stock Exchange as a Nadeshiko Brand company actively promoting women’s success in the workplace.
Furthermore, we have been promoting nationality diversity for the globalization of Astellas. In Japan we have employed non-Japanese new graduates since 2014.
The Astellas workplace environment is also well equipped to accommodate employees with disabilities. Aside from establishing Green Supply Support Office*1, in order for employees to thrive at work, Astellas employs the usage of speech-to-text applications to support employees with hearing impairments. Moreover Astellas has taken part in Accessibility Consortium of Enterprises (ACE)*2.
*1 Green Supply Support Office: function established in one of Japanese affiliated companies to support employees with disability by offering employment opportunities. Duties including planting, recycling, and cleaning are tailored to promote environmental sustainability.
*2 Accessibility Consortium of Enterprises (ACE): Japanese general incorporated association for model innovation of employment services for persons with disabilities.
Employee Ratio per Region and Ratio of Female Managers (The year ended March 2020) *3
Male 44.9% 41.2% 39.7% 70.7% 45.1% 53.0% Established Markets*4Greater China*5International Markets*6JapanUnited StatesAverage
 Female 55.1% 58.8% 60.3% 29.3% 54.9% 47.0%100
     Established Markets*4
Greater China*5
International Markets*6
Japan
United States
Average
              Ratio of female managers
50.9%
56.3%
*3 Expatriate employees seconded within the Astellas corporate group are included in the headcount of their current location. Expatriate employees seconded out of the Astellas corporate group are excluded from the headcount.
*4 Established Markets: Europe, Canada, Australia
*5 Greater China: China, Hong Kong, Taiwan
*6 International Markets: Russia, Latin America, the Middle East, Africa, Southeast Asia, South Asia, Korea
49.7%
10.2%
51.3%
40.0%
  © Astellas Pharma Inc.
101