EHS ; Environment, Health & Safety
In Search of EHS EXCELLENCE
Astellas has embraced the sustainable enhancement of enterprise value as its corporate mission. To fulfill this mission, Astellas seeks to be a chosen and trusted enterprise by all stakeholders, including customers, shareholders, employees, and the global community. The Astellas Charter of Corporate Conduct contains the following principles on Environment, Health and Safety (EHS): We shall respect employees' human rights, individuality, and differences; promote diversity in the workplace; and provide a safe and rewarding work environment" and "Recognizing that harmony between the global environment and our business activities is a prerequisite to our corporate existence, we shall take proactive measures to conserve the global environment." These principles require employees to conduct themselves based on high ethical standards in EHS fields, among other areas.
EHS Management
Astellas' basic stance toward the environment as well as the health and safety of its employees is outlined in the Astellas EHS Policy. Moreover, Astellas is working organizationally and continuously toward achieving this stance as described in the Astellas EHS Guidelines. In addition, Astellas has set medium-term targets for the key priorities in its EHS Action Plan and is working to achieve those targets.
Environment
Astellas has set specific numerical targets related to climate change, water resources, waste disposal management and biodiversity as its environmental action plan, and implements initiatives continuously to achieve these.
Please refer to the Environment section on the corporate website for details. (The parts of performance indicators have been assured independently by third party.)
Occupational Health & Safety
Astellas is working to reduce the severity rate of work-related injuries and carry out the risk assessments as part of its occupational health and safety action plan, and implements initiatives continuously to minimize work injuries through prevention of accidents and ensuring maintenance of safe work environments.
Please refer to the Occupational Health & Safety section on the corporate website for details. (The parts of performance indicators have been assured independently by third party.)
   132
EHS Report
Please refer to the EHS Reports (Printer-friendly version) about Astellas’ EHS activities.
 © Astellas Pharma Inc.
133