“K” LINE REPORT 2020
          
2 “K” LINE REPORT 2020
 Contents
2 Editorial Policy
3 Corporate Principle and Vision
“K” LINE Group Value Creation
4 History & Culture The “K” LINE DNA
6 Service & Competency Our business activities 8 Risk & Opportunity Our sustainability
At the Vanguard of Value Creation
40 At a Glance
42 Business Overview
42 Dry Bulk
44 Energy Resource Transport
44 Tanker Business /
Fuel Strategy & Procurement Business
45 Thermal Coal Carrier Business
46 LNG Carrier Business / Offshore Business /
Energy New Business 48 Product Logistics
48 Car Carrier Business
50 Logistics and Port Business
52 Short Sea and Coastal Business 53 Containership Business
Financial Section / Corporate Data
54 Financial and ESG Highlights
56 10-Year Financial and ESG Data
58 Financial Analysis
60 Consolidated Financial Statements
94 Organization
95 Global Network
96 Major Subsidiaries and Affiliates
98 Outline of the Company / Stock Information
Guidelines Referred to
• International Integrated Reporting Framework
• ISO 26000
• Environmental Reporting Guidelines 2018, The Ministry of the
Environment of Japan
• Guidance for Integrated Corporate Disclosure and Company-Investor
Dialogue for Collaborative Value Creation, The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan
  10 Strategy & Business Plan
Value Creation Strategy
12 Message from the CEO
18 Message from the CFO
Our strategy and business plan
 22 Special Talk:
Aiming for new heights, and becoming the preferred shipping company
26 Management Strategies and ESG/CSR Management 28 Innovation
30 Environmental Preservation
32 Safety in Navigation and Cargo Operations
33 Human Resources
34 Corporate Governance
About This Report
Editorial Policy
The “K” LINE Group is an integrated logistics company that owns and operates various fleets tailored to worldwide marine transportation needs. We also engage in land transportation and warehousing businesses.
The “K” LINE Group has defined the Value (“K” LINE Value) as a symbol of its corporate value. In this “K” LINE REPORT, we explain Value to a wide range of stakeholders, providing both financial and non-financial information. For more details on each of these initiatives, please visit our website (www.kline.co.jp/en/).
Reporting Period
Fiscal 2019 (April 1, 2019–March 31, 2020)
Note: The report also includes some developments after April 2020.
Scope of Reporting
In principle, this report covers the activities and data of Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. and its subsidiaries and affiliates, except where otherwise noted.
   Forward-Looking Statements
The Company’s plans, strategies and future financial results indicated in this report reflect the judgment made by its management based on information currently available and include risk and uncertainty factors. Consequently, the actual financial results may be different from the Company’s forecasts due to changes in the business environment, among other factors.

 Corporate Principle and Vision
In shipping business, which serves as key logistics infrastructure supporting worldwide economic activity, the “K” LINE Group earns the trust of customers through the provision of safe, reliable marine transportation and logistics services.
As an integrated logistics company grown from shipping business, our corporate principle is to help enrich the lives of people.
Under this principle, we will make further improvements to Value, which represents our unique value as a group.
Corporate Principle
: trust from all over the world
As an integrated logistics company grown from shipping business,
the “K” LINE Group contributes to society so that people live well and prosperously. We always recognize this principle in our operations.
Vision
Our aim is to become an important infrastructure for global society,
and to be the best partner with customers by providing the high-quality logistics services based on customer-first policy.
Values the “K” LINE Group prizes
Relentless efforts to achieve Respecting humanity
innovation
Corporate culture that respects Generating new values individuality and diversity
       Providing reliable and excellent services
Contributing to society
A fair way of business
Fostering trust from society
  “K” LINE REPORT 2020 3

 History & Culture The “K” LINE DNA
We have evolved into an integrated logistics company through a history of taking on challenges for over 100 years
 1919
Establishment of Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd.
1960
Completion of the FUKUKAWA MARU, the company’s first iron ore carrier
1965
Completion of the YAEKAWA MARU, the company’s first coal carrier
1968
Completion of the SUZUKAWA MARU, the company’s
first woodchip carrier
Completion of the GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE, the company’s first full containership
1968
Completion of the TOYOTA MARU No.1, the company’s
first car bulker
1986
First Japanese shipping company to offer double-stack container train transportation
in North America
Completion of the SUN RIVER, the company’s first liquid petroleum gas (LPG) carrier
1983
Completion of the BISHU MARU, Japan’s first registered liquefied natural gas (LNG) carrier
1994
Completion of the CORONA ACE thermal coal carrier
Setting the standard for wide-beam, shallow- draft thermal coal carriers delivering
to Japan’s coal-fired power plants
     1974
        2003
Launch of complete built- up car land transportation business by car carrier truck in Indonesia
   1970
Completion of the TOYOTA MARU No.10, Japan’s first pure
car carrier (PCC)
1990
Start of dedicated reefer bridge freezer and refrigerated container rail service in North America
   4 “K” LINE REPORT 2020
  
   Providing reliable and excellent services A fair way of business
Relentless efforts to achieve innovation Respecting humanity
   Values the “K” LINE Group prizes
    2010
Start of research in LNG-powered vessels
2019
100th anniversary
2015
Adoption of the long- term guidelines “K” LINE Environmental Vision 2050
2017
2018
Order for Japan’s first LNG bunkering vessel
2020
Update to the “K” LINE Environmental Vision 2050 (see pages 30-31)
    Completion of the JOHN AGYEKUM KUFUOR floating production storage and offloading (FPSO) vessel
       2011
Completion of the
ETESCO TAKATSUGU J
deepwater drillship
2010
2016
Completion of the
DRIVE GREEN HIGHWAY
environmental flagship
Full-scale operation started with the Kawasaki Integrated Maritime Solutions (see page 28)
2018
Order for LNG-fueled car carrier (See page 29)
Launch of Ocean Network Express (ONE)
2019
Membership in CO2-free Hydrogen Energy Supply- Chain Technology Research Association (HySTRA) Participation in the world’s first verification testing of a liquefied hydrogen carrier
Basic design approval obtained for an LNG-fueled iron ore carrier
2019
Contracted for ship management of Singapore’s first LNG bunkering vessel
Decision to install the Seawing automated kite systems
on ships (see page 29)
   Completion of the KL BREVIKFJORD offshore support platform supply vessel
     “K” LINE has been actively and proficiently expanding its business activities with
our DNA of “K” LINE spirit represented by enterprise since its establishment in 1919. We have grown from a shipping business to an integrated logistics company as
we pioneered numerous firsts for Japan, such as the country’s first pure car carriers and LNG carriers explored and created new marine technologies and services, and successfully navigated fiercely changing business conditions. We continue to work tirelessly to provide safe and reliable operations and to develop sustainable, eco- friendly businesses that contribute to global economic development and enriching the lives of people around the world.
 Additional information about the history of “K” LINE is available at the following webpage.
Home > About Us > Corporate Profile > History of “K” LINE
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 5
  “K” LINE Group Value Creation
   
 Service & Competency Our business activities
Our social mission is to use our competencies in operational safety, environmental performance, and service quality to provide logistics infrastructure
 We are an integrated logistics company grown
from shipping business providing safe and reliable services.
      Oil tanker
LNG carrier
Containership
Dry bulk carrier
Thermal coal carrier
Car carrier
Safety
Our three strengths
          High quality
Logistics
Environmental performance
         6
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
The vast majority of products and materials used by people in their everyday lives and by manufacturers are transported via oceangoing vessels. The “K” LINE Group transports a wide variety of cargo around the world, including a large portion for our home nation of Japan, where more than 99% of its trade volume by tonnage is transported on ships. The total volume of ocean freight worldwide is growing. For over 100 years, “K” LINE has been raising the service quality following its unwavering social mission to contribute to the sustainable development of society by providing safe, reliable, and environmentally friendly transportation. The Group remains fully committed to its social mission and is combining its expertise cultivated over a century with the latest technologies to flexibly respond to the changing conditions with the impact from COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical risk, advances in digital technologies, and stricter environmental regulations.
   
   Contributing to global economic development and enriching the lives of people around the world as an integrated logistics company
Business Fields
Iron ore, grains
Crude oil, petroleum products
Coal
Liquefied gas
Automobiles, construction equipment
Electronics, general cargo
                                   Global Seaborne Cargo Volume of Major Cargo and World Population
  World population
Major bulk cargo
Minor bulk cargo, other
15,000
10,000
(Freight volume, million tons)
In 30 years from 1988 to 2018
World population Approx. +50% Ocean Freight Volume Approx. +200%
(World population, billion people) 9
6
3
0
'15 '20 (CY, forecast)
Source:“K”LINEstatisticsbasedondatafromClarksonsShippingReview&Outlook2020Spring
  5,000 Crude oil,
 petroleum products
LNG, LPG Containers
0
'90 '95
'00 '05 '10
  “K” LINE REPORT 2020 7
 “K” LINE Group Value Creation
  
 Risk & Opportunity Our sustainability
We analyze megatrends, risks, and opportunities from a medium- and long-term perspective to identify
“What We Must Do”
Megatrends Risks
  Climate change risk
Stricter environmental regulations
Need to enhance safety in navigation
Increasing world population Growing demand for energy
Advances in digitalization and other technologies
Protectionism, geopolitical risk, market volatility
COVID-19 pandemic triggering globally accelerated changes in values and behavior
  Impact on vessel operation and higher costs due to stricter environmental regulations
Major marine accident
Global shortage of seafarers with advanced technology skills
Rapid advances in AI and digital technologies
Market stagnation caused by an imbalance in capacity supply and transportation demand
Changes in supply sources and the trade structure
8 “K” LINE REPORT 2020
   
  Opportunities
What We Must Do
Cope with the current COVID-19 situation
Optimize fleet scale
Carefully refocus investments
Secure liquidity on hand and expand capital base
  Increased value of businesses with good environmental performance
Greater company trust and reputation among stakeholders and the elimination of serious marine accidents from pursuing safe operations
Increased competitiveness from training maritime technical personnel
Creation of new value with AI and digital technologies
Increased demand for global marine transportation
Creation of new services to meet changes in customer needs
  Strengthen and accelerate existing measures for key issues
Apply AI and digital technology to support our safety, environmental, and quality initiatives
  All companies are being challenged in recent years to keep up with increasingly rapid social and economic changes while also being expected to take action against climate change and other global issues. We are seeking to establish sustainable growth by dealing with the short-term changes while at the same time identifying what we must do from a medium- and long-term perspective by analyzing the megatrends, risks, and opportunities in our business environment. The first priority is coping with the current COVID-19 situation. We must also continue to strengthen and accelerate our existing measures for key issues, which will ensure the Group will be the “preferred shipping company” even in severe economic environment and will realize sustainable growth.
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 9
 “K” LINE Group Value Creation

 Strategy & Business Plan Our strategy and business plan
We are laying the foundation for the sustainable growth that will drive our Revival for Greater Strides
  Previous medium-term management plan
FY2017-2019
Revival for Greater Strides Value for our Next Century
Rebuilding Portfolio Strategy
Advancement of Management and Function-Specific Strategies
ESG Initiatives
Three Straight Years of Profit Beginning in FY2017
ROA of 6% in our Stable-Income Businesses
Ratio of Shareholder’s Equity : mid-20%
Dividend Policy
(Early resumption of dividends)
Achieved
Achieved Achieved
Not achieved
Achieved
Not achieved Not achieved
                     FY2020-2021 Business Strategies
Optimize fleet scale
• Continue optimizing fleet scale to demand and expanding the revenue scale in order to maintain and expand stable- income businesses and strengthen our competitiveness in market-exposed businesses
• Planning to reduce fleet by more than 20 vessels in fiscal 2020 (including Cape-size, Panamax-and smaller-size bulkers, Woodchip carriers, Thermal coal carriers, Car carriers)
• Continue optimizing fleet scale in fiscal 2021 and beyond
• Secure liquidity
Secure a commitment line and other liquidity equivalent to more than three months’ revenues
• Expand capital base
Sell and dispose of vessels and other assets
 Long-term fixed core fleet scale
  FY2020
  FY2025
  Difference
  Total
 352 vessels
 300 vessels
 -52 vessels
    Secure liquidity on hand and expand capital base
 10
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
The previous medium-term management plan focused on the three priority initiatives to rebuilding portfolio strategy, advancement of management and function-specific strategies, and ESG initiatives primarily through efforts to revise the business portfolio through selection and concentration, reallocate management resources, control total business risk as well as risk/return management, and conduct R&D in equipment and technologies.
In August 2020, we announced a management plan showing the direction we plan to take the company beginning in fiscal 2020 through the mid-2020s and beyond. Our first priority is to cope with the impact on our financial results from the COVID-19 pandemic and prepare for the business environment after the pandemic. At
the same time, we will take the measures of optimizing our fleet scales, carefully refocusing investments, securing liquidity, and expanding capital base for firmly protecting our business in the short term. In addition, we will strengthen and accelerate existing measures for key issues and focus on expanding and accelerating safety, environmental, and quality initiatives, and strengthening our technical and sales capabilities to drive our growth strategies, which will bolster our competitiveness related to ESG. We are aiming to be the company of choice among its stakeholders, continually growing as a professional logistics enterprise focused on marine shipping.
Additional information about the management plan is available at the following webpage.
Home > Investor Relations > IR Library > Financial Report
   
    Management plan
Carefully refocus investments
Forecast for Fiscal 2020 & 2021 and Medium- and Long-Term Targets
Ordinary Income (Unit: Billions of yen)
40 30 20
0 -10 -20 -30 -40
Shareholder’s Equity (Unit: Billions of yen)
  • Restrain total investments to within operating cash flow
(¥250 billion over five years in total) 10
     Stable-income businesses
    Market-exposed businesses
Strategic growth areas
Invest appropriately to continue development
Gradually increase in stable profit
Increase profit further through fleet scale optimization
2019 2020 2021 (FY )
Mid-2020s
Mid-2020s
By 2030
By 2030
Invest in key areas, such as the 300 energy, environment-related, AI, and 250
   digitalization technology fields
200 150 100
0
    Increase the percentage of
stable-income businesses to 60% 50
  (Invested capital basis)
Expand and accelerate safety, environmental, and quality initiatives
Strengthen technical and sales capabilities to drive growth strategies
2019 2020 2021 (FY )
  Medium- and long-term targets
 Mid-2020s
 2030
 Ordinary Income
 ¥25 billion
 ¥30 billion
 Shareholder’s Equity
  over ¥150 billion
  ¥250 billion
 Shareholder’s Equity Ratio
 20%
 30%
    “K” LINE REPORT 2020 11
 “K” LINE Group Value Creation

  Message from the CEO
 We aim to continue sustainably growing our business while adapting to
the changing market environment.
 12 “K” LINE REPORT 2020
Yukikazu Myochin
President and CEO

 The worldwide COVID-19 pandemic since the start of 2020 has greatly impacted social lifestyles and economic activity. We would like to extend our deepest sympathies to all the people and families who have been affected by the pandemic. We also express our respect and gratitude to all of the medical and healthcare workers on the front lines fighting the disease and providing care to people in all countries around the world.
History of Adapting to Changing Market Conditions
For over 100 years, “K” LINE’s ocean transportation operations have been a part of the world’s logistics infrastructure contributing to global economic development and the enrichment of people’s lives. The century brought many challenges, not the least of which was the devastation from the Pacific War, but which also included the impacts from the consolidation of the shipping industry, oil shocks, the Plaza Accord, the Asian Financial Crisis, and the Global Financial Crisis.
In our history, “K” LINE has always had a spirit of self-reliance, and when faced with trying conditions and changes, we ask ourselves what we need to do and then rally our strengths and
confront the challenge. Flexible thinking and an ardor to take action have brought us through the many changes and have built strong relationships with our customers.
Our strength lies in the safety in navigation, environmental operations, and transportation quality that we have cultivated while meeting the needs of our customers. I believe that, even now with COVID-19 pandemic affecting everyone around the world, the social mission of the “K” LINE Group is to stay true to our corporate spirit and deliver value to stakeholders by continuing to provide reliable logistics infrastructure.
Fiscal 2019 Achievements and Challenges for the Medium-Term Management Plan
The previous medium-term management plan set three priority initiatives of rebuilding portfolio strategy, advancement of management and function-specific strategies and ESG
Results of the Three Priority Initiatives
initiatives. In the plan’s final year of fiscal 2019, profitability was a mandatory target and we worked diligently to enhance our earning power and fortify our management base.
 Priority Initiative
  Fiscal 2019 Activities
  Main Results
 Rebuilding portfolio strategy
Strengthen and expand stable-income businesses
   Steadily increase the number of LNG carriers and other vessels under medium- and long-term contracts
  Revise the business portfolio
Transfer a portion of the stockholdings of our domestic harbor transport subsidiaries to Kamigumi
   Improve ONE profitability
    Attain profitability for ONE for a full year
  Advancement of management and function-specific strategies
 Raise the sophistication of our business risk- return management
Introduce quantitative evaluations of risk-return for all investment projects
   Integrate the latest technologies
  Further develop the Kawasaki Integrated Maritime Solutions (see page 28)
ESG Initiatives
  Reduce our environmental impact
    Finalize the installation of the automatic kite system (see page 29)
   Fortify corporate governance
   Increase the number of outside directors from three to four (of the 10 directors)
  External evaluations of our operations and ESG activities
 Selection to the ESG indices (see page 69)
    “K” LINE REPORT 2020 13
 Value Creation Strategy

 14
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
Message from the CEO
Rebuilding portfolio strategy
Rebuilding portfolio strategy has entailed reviewing our business portfolio and redistributing our management resources through selection and concentration. Steps we
have taken include spinning off and consolidating parts of
the containership business to establish economy of scale and boost profits, reforming our business structure to construct
an asset structure resilient to market fluctuations, allying with Kamigumi in the domestic harbor transportation business, and eliminating unprofitable businesses.
To increase the number of vessels drawing stable earnings, we increased the number of medium- and long-term contracts particularly for large vessels in the Dry Bulk segment and LNG and thermal coal carriers in the Energy Resource Transport segment. In February 2020, we also concluded a long-term charter contract with Malaysia’s national petroleum conglomerate Petronas Group for two medium-sized LNG carriers in anticipation of growing demand for small-lot transportation in the Asia region.
Revisions to our business portfolio also included reducing our presence in businesses susceptible to market fluctuations by withdrawing from the petroleum product tanker business and selling an offshore support vessel. We also continued to dispose of small- and medium-sized dry bulk ships and high-cost containerships.
The integrated container shipping company ONE overcame rough seas in its inaugural fiscal year of 2018 to attain profitability in fiscal 2019 as it began to fulfill the promise of its business synergies.
Advancement of management and function-specific strategies
Ships have an average lifespan of just over 20 years, through which they encounter cycles of decreasing demand and deteriorating market conditions. We have augmented our business management with detailed examinations of the potential risk-return for each business project, enabling us to quantify these risks and make the best investment decisions. We can control the amount of risk we undertake by using a database of long-term data on market fluctuations and shipping rates to gauge the amount of risk and establish a quantitative return expectation matched to the risk. Putting this into practice will enable us to scrupulously manage risk in each business division and identify the risk-return for each investment project, which in turn will allow us to more effectively allocate our management resources.
To fortify our function-specific strategies, we created
the Advanced Technology Group in 2017 and AI/Digitalization Promotion Division in 2019 to research and integrate the latest technologies for both equipment and management. In April 2020, we moved to the implementation stage with a project that joins the sales and technical departments.
One example of using latest technologies is the installation of the Kawasaki Integrated Maritime Solutions onto our ships. The system uses big data collected through high-speed ship-to-shore data communication to heighten our safety in navigation, increase fuel efficiency, and improve our environmental performance as well as to ease the workload on ship crew members. Phase 2 development of the system has been completed, and it is helping us provide even higher value-added marine transportation to our customers and society.
ESG initiatives
“K” LINE is part of the international logistics infrastructure,
and this means our business and the sustainability of society are closely intertwined. For that reason, since our previous medium- term management plan, management has placed utmost emphasis on the environment (E), society (S), and governance (G) as fundamental to fulfilling our responsibility to society.
We are particularly focused on advancing the proactive environmental measures set of the long-term environmental policy, the “K” LINE Environmental Vision 2050, we adopted in 2015. In fiscal 2019, we took several steps toward fulfilling our vision, including building LNG-fueled ships that vastly reduce greenhouse gas emissions, concluding a ship management contract for an LNG bunkering vessel in Singapore, introducing an automated kite system for wind-assisted propulsion and, looking further into the future, cooperating to conduct demonstration tests for hydrogen-fueled carriers. As a company whose business field is the earth’s oceans and whose industry has been reliant on fossil fuels, we have a special obligation to reduce our environmental impact and protect our oceans. Our proactive efforts to improve our environmental performance will also enable us to provide added value to our customers.
Safety in navigation and human resource development are key parts of our interaction with society. We cultivate highly professional employees on both sea and land as part of our obligation to society to provide all types of transportation that is safe and without accidents.
Our environmental and social initiatives are underpinned by a governance structure that includes a business unit control system, Nomination and Remuneration Advisory Committees, and other mechanisms that regulate our business execution activities.

Performance review of fiscal 2019
Our primary goal for fiscal 2019, ended in March 2020, was to establish profitability, and we achieved it by lifting ordinary income to ¥7.4 billion, a ¥56.3 billion improvement from the previous fiscal year, and bringing profit attributable to owners of the parent to ¥5.3 billion, a ¥116.5 billion improvement. During the year, we completed our three core tasks of returning the car carrier business to profitability by consolidating shipping routes and revising freight rates, restoring the cost competitiveness of our fleets through structural reform, and steadily improving the operations of ONE. ONE vastly improved its earnings from the previous fiscal year by improving revenue and expense balance by $500 million, which was achieved by optimizing its cargo portfolio, consolidating its shipping network, and optimizing its organizational structure.
Operating Results by Segment
Earnings also improved substantially in the Energy Resource Transport segment from diligent efforts to improve operations centered on increasing the number of medium- and long-term charter contracts for LNG and thermal coal carriers and by optimizing its fleet portfolio in the tanker business.
In August 2020, the Company announced its business forecast for the year ending March 2021 and management plan.
Due to the major changes to the business conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we have set specific business objectives, measures, and performance forecasts for the next two years based on conditions as they are now and have set contingent performance targets for the mid-2020s and FY2030.
Additional information about the business forecasts and management plan is available at the following webpage. Home > Investor Relations > IR Library > Financial Report
 Business Segment
(upper row = Operating Revenue) (lower row = Ordinary Income)
  FY2019
 1H
  2H
   Full year
 Dry Bulk
116.3 117.5
 233.8
    0.2 3.9
  4.1
 Energy Resource Transport
 43.8 40.9
 84.7
    4.6 5.3
  9.9
 Product Logistics
 194.9 189.6
 384.5
    10.5 (13.4)
   (2.9)
  Containership
49.3 52.7
102.0
    3.6 (14.0)
   (10.4)
  ONE as Equity-Method Company
 4.5 (0.5)
4.0
Others
  17.3 15.0
     32.3
  0.7 1.0
1.7
Adjustment
 --
 -
    (2.6) (2.8)
  (5.4)
 Total
  372.4 362.9
 735.3
    13.4 (6.0)
   7.4
   vs FY2018
 Full year
  Change
     273.8
4.4
88.7
2.5
441.0
(49.2)
135.8
(48.8)
(20.1)
33.2
1.1
(Billions of yen)
(40.0)
(0.4)
(4.0)
7.4
(56.5)
46.3
(33.8)
38.4
24.1
(0.9)
0.6
                                         --
(7.8) 2.4
836.7 (101.4)
               Coping with the Current Business Conditions and Business Continuity
Market conditions and the impact on our business performance
Continuing our business growth in fiscal 2020 will first require a specific plan to deal with the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic.
The International Monetary Fund predicts that the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic will cause a 4.9% contraction in global GDP in 2020. The stagnating global economy has the potential for significantly slow marine cargo movement and deeply affect our business performance.
We expect our car carrier and dry bulk businesses
to be strongly impacted. Temporary declines in demand
from developments like production stops at automobile manufacturers and suspended operations at construction sites will likely be significant in the first half of the fiscal year, particularly in the first quarter, and then linger to some degree in the second half. Demand from steelmakers is also down, and we expect production cutbacks from major steelmakers shutting down their blast furnace operations to severely impact demand in the first half. In the Energy Resource
(48.9)
56.3
 “K” LINE REPORT 2020 15
 Value Creation Strategy

 16
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
Message from the CEO
Transport segment, there is some concern about repercussion for the offshore support vessel business, but the impact on businesses for other types of vessels will likely be limited because they are mostly charted vessels under medium- and long-term contracts.
Damage control and financial preparation
The fundamental approach we are taking for dealing with the COVID-19 pandemic is to quickly respond to the current business conditions while also preparing for a changed business landscape after the pandemic has faded.
We are responding to temporary declines in demand by controlling our vessel capacity and lowering operating costs. While closely monitoring demand trends, we will cut costs by reducing ships speed, decreasing frequency of sailings, and laying up ships out of service. We will also return charter ships to owners and actively dispose of our own vessels, especially older ships.
To prepare for a reduction in revenue, we are ensuring we have ample ready liquidity in the form of cash reserves and bank lines of credit, and are preparing for revenue declining by more than double the amount of during the 2008 global financial crisis. At the same time, we are examining ways to prepare for even greater uncertainty.
While the COVID-19 pandemic remains during fiscal 2020, we plan to supplement our equity capital by disposing of old ships and selling real estate and other assets.
Fortifying our Sustainable Management
Business in a COVID-19 world
The COVID-19 pandemic is expected to lead to restrained investment in a wide range of industries. Under the previous medium-term management plan, the Group established a stable revenue base by increasing the number of medium- and long-term contracts. With the increased uncertainty, we fully anticipate our customers to be very cautious about the long- term business prospects, but we aim to always be “a company of choice” whether a contract is short or long.
Our adamant pursuit of safety, environment, and quality
The growing demand to create sustainable societies is making it more important than ever that we strengthen our safety in navigation, environmental performance, and
Business continuity plan to keep logistics moving
The shipping industry is a lifeline for the world distributing energy, food, raw materials, and manufactured goods to businesses, and it must continue operating during the current COVID-19 pandemic and any emergency situation. To continue providing stable logistics services, the Group is constantly taking steps to fully support the safety and health of its officers and employees both at sea and on land.
When COVID-19 started to spread, we immediately
took comprehensive steps to prevent infections onboard our vessels in accordance with our disease prevention manual
and promptly delivered protective clothing and the necessary supplies to our employees. We are facing a problem, however, because many countries have implemented border entry and exit travel restrictions, forcing seafarers to stay aboard ships even after their scheduled working period. While we work with the relevant organizations to quickly resolve the matter, we are providing mental and physical care to crew members on the ships, standby crew, and their families.
Onshore, we shifted employees around the world to work from home and have maintained generally normal operations. Our effective response is the result of the business continuity plan we formulated during the SARS outbreak in 2003 and subsequently modified and improved during the Great East Japan Earthquake in 2011 and through regular reviews. We had instituted a work-at-home format in January 2019, and when the COVID-19 pandemic emerged this year, we promptly shifted employees to use the system.
transportation quality.
Safety is the foundation of the “K” LINE Group whose
core business is ocean transportation. We combine AI and big data digital technology with expertise accumulated over more than a century at sea to construct systems for providing customers with shipping services that are safe, economical, and fully meet their needs. Supporting these operations by securing and cultivating top-notch personnel is also essential.
In the post-COVID-19 world, establishing a sustainable society will be even more critical, and we believe protecting and supporting the environment will be more important than ever. “K” LINE is renowned for its environmental activities, but the rapidly changes in our society are leading to even greater expectations for environmental performance. We believe

holding ourselves to high expectations puts us in the best position to address future needs. In June 2020, we revised our Environmental Vision 2050 with a new target to improve CO2 emission efficiency in 2030 by 50% compared to 2008, exceeding the international target set by the International Maritime Organization for a 40% from 2008. We believe that providing environmentally friendly services is part of what we can to promote a sustainable society.
Safety and environmental performance are the foundations of quality in transportation operations and services, and we raising the quality we offer through meticulous ship management and superior maritime technologies. In the 50 years since 1970 when “K” LINE launched Japan’s first pure car carrier, we have earned customer trust to provide world top class transportation quality by continuously refining our ability to transport unpackaged cargo, such as automobiles, in their original condition free of damage. For our transportation of automobiles and all other cargo, we will apply digital technologies and the skills of
our professional crew to continue honing the quality of our
transportation operations and services.
By developing our activities in this way, we aim to be
a corporate group providing safe, environmentally friendly, and high-quality transportation services that contributes to a sustainable society and that earns the trust of our customers so they desire to maintain long-term relationships.
The “K” LINE’s business environment is undergoing a sea change as we face the global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical risk, the revolution in AI, IoT, and
digital technologies, and increasingly stringent environmental regulations. Yet, we are the company we are now because of our history of thinking flexibly and overcoming challenges. As we have throughout our history, we will use the strengths of the safety, environment, and quality of our business operations to overcome the changing conditions and continue steadily increasing our corporate value.
I look forward to the continued understanding and support of all of our stakeholders.
 President and CEO
 “K” LINE REPORT 2020 17
 Value Creation Strategy

 Message from the CFO
 We will raise our corporate value by revising our investment strategy and strengthening our financial base while closely monitoring the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
 18
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
Review of the Medium-Term Management Plan
Rebuilding portfolio strategy in deteriorating market conditions
Our previous medium-term management plan that ended in March 2020 focused on completing the three priority initiatives of rebuilding portfolio strategy, advancement of management and function-specific strategies and ESG initiatives. Although our business performance for the year left us short of our quantitative targets, the progress we made with our priority initiatives has set up our business management structure to lead us forward.
We reformed our portfolio strategy by downsizing businesses susceptible to market fluctuations, which we achieved by spinning off the containership business and withdrawing from the heavy-lifter vessel and petroleum product tanker businesses while stabilizing our revenue by increasing the number of medium- and long-term contracts, particularly for LNG carriers. In fiscal 2018, we also terminated charter contracts for 23 containership and dry bulk vessels. These types of vessels carry high costs, and cancelling the contracts midterm has saved us approximately ¥11 billion
annually beginning in fiscal 2019 and will enable us to more definitely boost ordinary income in coming years.
Advancement of management and function-specific strategies included instituting a new process for measuring the risk and return in all of our business activities. We are currently working to enhance our ability to accurately gather and process more detailed information. ESG initiatives advanced during the year included introducing the automated kite system, adding LNG-fueled vessels, and other new technologies that help reduce our environmental footprint. We also successfully made the major leap to switch to compatible fuel oil as part of our efforts to comply with global SOx regulations. In addition, we fortified corporate governance by increasing the number of directors and reducing the volume of cross-shareholdings. We have now reduced our cross- shareholdings from 23 companies at the end of March 2015 to just four companies at the end of March 2020.
While making significant progress with our priority strategies, our business performance fell short of the plan’s quantitative targets for return on assets (ROA), equity ratio, and
Representative Director
Senior Managing Executive Officer, CFO
Yukio Toriyama

dividend distribution. There were two reasons for the shortfalls. The first was the widespread market deterioration with the markets for containerships and dry bulk transportation mired in the historically low level since 2016, which undermined our efforts to reach our profit targets for the year. Recognizing
the unforgiving market conditions, we decided to make quick progress in reforming our portfolio strategy and gauged the burden of temporary expenses our financial status could safely
accommodate and then reformed our business structure by terminating charter contracts and returning ships. This led
to the second reason for the quantitative target shortfall: we recorded an unplanned loss for a second straight term in fiscal 2018. Although our equity capital declined substantially, the decrease was a temporary development allowed profitability to improve the next year and will lead to beneficial effects in coming years.
The Impact from COVID-19 Pandemic and Future Outlook
Varying impacts on our businesses and fleets. Full recovery will take time
The COVID-19 pandemic has strongly impacted the global society and economy and is having major repercussions for the real economy.
We expect varying degrees of impact from the pandemic on our businesses in fiscal 2020 while anticipating the strongest negative impacts on our car carrier and dry bulk carrier operations. Our car carrier business saw a sharp drop in demand as sales were stopped in the major auto markets of Europe and the United States. Demand for dry bulk cargo was impacted by the reduced demand for steel with the dip in car sales and as construction projects were put on hold, and the temporary drop in demand for cape-size carrier impacted earnings from ships that were
not under medium- or long-term contracts. Dedicated vessel contract on cape-size carrier was not immediately impacted by major steelmakers lowering output and halting blast furnaces, but postponements to the fulfillment periods of some quantity- based contracts are expected to have a corresponding impact on
Revisions to Our Investment Strategy
Meticulous investment selection and concentration and a more sophisticated risk management system
The current circumstances make it virtually impossible to set a concrete investment plan because of the uncertain outlook for the global economy and inability to foresee any possible changes in the industrial structure. Nevertheless, the nature of the shipping industry requires that we prepare for the future. We plan to limit our total investment budget for the next five years or so, and will shift our strategy to selecting and concentrating on businesses and vessel types that
can leverage our competitive advantages. In the four core
revenue in the coming year.
Compared to the above two businesses, the impact
from the COVID-19 pandemic has been relatively limited on the Energy Resource Transport segment, Product Logistics segment, and Containership Business. Nevertheless, a pandemic of this magnitude is unprecedented and we are carefully monitoring how it might affect our businesses over the medium and long term.
The cargos we transport are essential resources and materials for production and people’s everyday lives, and it is hard to imagine that a drop in transportation demand for a period will lead to demand disappearing completely. After a certain period, we expect demand to recover and rebalance with additional demand. However, each type of cargo will recover at a different pace, and it will likely be some time until the volumes return to normal for all items. While necessarily preparing in case the current conditions become prolonged, we will work with our customers to ensure we have accurate forecast and can flexibly adjust our fleets so we will be ready to immediately respond when demand returns.
businesses of Dry Bulk segment, Energy Resource Transport segment, Car Carrier Business, and Logistics Business, our basic approach continues to be to consider the competitiveness and growth potential of each operations and invest to secure stable earnings by focusing on specific areas and raising investment efficiency.
However, we must also objectively consider how the COVID-19 pandemic and the changes to the future economic situation will impact demand for transportation in each business. In the Car Carrier Business where cargo volume is currently down sharply, we will closely monitor the demand trends and recovery periods in all of the delivery regions. Furthermore, while eliminating surplus vessels in our current fleet, we will also create
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 19
 Value Creation Strategy

 Message from the CFO
a structure that will enable us to flexibly respond by building new ships and hiring short-term charter ships when demand starts to recover. Similarly, in the Dry Bulk segment, we will need to be in close touch with our major steelmakers customers in Japan and overseas who have downsized their production structures so we can anticipate when and to what extent production will rise again and be ready to quickly and flexibly prepare our fleets. In the post-COVID-19 world, there is no certainty that the distribution of manufactured goods in the Car Carrier Business or the Dry Bulk segment will return to how it was prior to the pandemic. Shipping companies are facing a true test of their abilities to prepare for uncertainty and show if they have the dexterity to add and subtract services to meet the diverse needs of customers.
The impact of COVID-19 pandemic on the Energy Resource Transport segment has been limited because customers charter our vessels regardless of cargo volume typically in this segment and there are few situations where the Company bears the risk of a ship being idle during the pandemic. The segment also has a high ratio of vessels with long-term contracts along with a policy of not keeping vessels without contracts. The Logistics Business
is similar in that most of its operations do not have operating assets, so there is little concern of loss from idle assets due to the pandemic. In addition, the wide variety of operations in both Japan and overseas is also dispersing the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic such that the overall impact on the segment is minimal. I expect the Energy Resource Transport segment and Logistics Business to continue to focus on extending and strengthening the Company’s medium- and long-term strategy.
The Containership Business generally saw freight rates drop sharply when cargo volume declines as steeply as it has, and the impact on earnings tends to be earlier and larger
than other businesses. During the global financial crisis in 2008, for example, containership sales and earnings declined substantially as cargo volume dipped by 20% and the average freight rate fell as much as 40%. This year, cargo volume is down a steep 30% from a year ago but freight rates have remained steady so we have been able to secure a certain level of earnings. The characteristics of the current supply and demand balance are the reasons earnings have held relatively firm. On the supply side, global consolidation of containership companies and shipping alliances has given the optimal supply capacity and the ability to flexibly respond to demand fluctuations. Also, the orderbooks of containership building are much smaller than the industry has had in the past.
Reformulating our investment strategy includes advancement of our business management by further developing our risk-return management methods to make them more effective. We have changed from having individual evaluation criteria for investment decisions in each business segment to uniform investment criteria for all business segments, giving us a better ability to compare the relative merits of each investment. We use criteria including “K” VaCS and “K” RIC to measure the amount of risk for each department and the Company as a whole. For new investments, we aim
to secure return commensurate to the risk (“K” VaCS plus internal rate of return) with an appropriate balance of overall risk and investment capital (“K” RIC). We are currently treating each business department as an independent entity and using this risk management approach to create separate financial statements for each department as a way to further strengthen our investment strategies and further improve capital efficiency.
 “K” VaCS – “K” LINE Value after Cost of Shareholders’ equity –
  “K” RIC – “K” LINE Return on Invested Capital –
 • A profit indicator that represents economic value corresponding to the cost of shareholders’ equity
• Aims to optimize the Group’s business portfolio by using the measured busi- ness risk
 • A efficiency indicator promoting corporate value enhancement that factors in the cost of capital
• Accelerate return on invested capital by establishing a profitability baseline • Sets hurdle rates for each business and the Group overall by using business risk
 Formula
“K”VaCS = Net income after tax – (Business risk based on the Group’s business attributes x Cost of shareholders’ equity)
(*) If “K” VaCS is greater than zero, then corporate value is enhanced
   Formula
“K” RIC = Earnings before interest after taxes ÷ invested capital
(*) As a general rule, “K” RIC should be above the hurdle rate; among viable hurdle rate candidates is the weighted-average cost of capital (WACC)
    20
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
Strengthening our Financial Foundation
Adapting to the circumstances by securing liquidity and bolstering equity capital
In the highly volatile shipping industry, the last bastion for stabilizing management is to secure ready liquidity, particularly
cash and deposits. Until the COVID-19 pandemic is over, our priorities will be to secure cash and ample ready liquidity, including financing. Our quarterly earnings during the global financial crisis fell by the equivalent of 1.24 months, so this time we have prepared cash and deposits and commitment lines that

will give us cash on hand equivalent to three months of earnings. We are taking extra precautions to ensure our financial status in the event of further unanticipated developments.
We also recognize that increasing equity capital, a key issue for our Company, is more important than ever. Our basic policy is still to enhance equity capital by building a broader base for earnings stability, but in the current circumstance we are also taking the urgent measure of boosting equity capital by selling off assets. Our biggest assets are our vessels, and we have created a list of roughly 20 ships, mostly older vessels, that would be candidates for sale. We are also considering selling real estate holdings, shareholdings, and businesses of affiliated companies.
In our business portfolio, we are taking countermeasures
where the COVID-19 pandemic is causing a decline operating cash flow and conducting a comprehensive review of our existing investment plans. We want to shift to a “muscular financial structure” by prioritizing investment on maintaining and increasing our revenue scale rather than seeking to preserve the size of our fleet.
We have been advancing our business management with risk-return management and will rigorously review all contracts with the aim of maintaining commercial rights and not solely based on profitability. Through these comprehensive efforts, we will invest appropriate management resources in both our core and growth businesses to enhance our value creation ability and market competitiveness.
Increasing our Corporate Value is the Ultimate Objective
Raising our equity capital and TSR to boost our market capitalization, the most important KPI
Our investment strategy, as mentioned earlier, is to apply risk-return management to stringently guide our investment choices, and to invest with an emphasis on profitability. We believe focusing on businesses that can generate returns surpassing cost of capital will necessarily raise our ROE.
ROE and ROA are important KPIs for management, but the ultimate objective is to raise our corporate value. There are two KPIs for measuring corporate value, the first is equity capital and the other is market capitalization.
Building up equity capital is a top priority. The major structural reforms over the past two years have lowered our equity capital to a present level near ¥100 billion. Looking
Shareholder Return Policy
Strengthen the financial base for sustainable management with the aim of early resuming dividend payments
We remain fully committed to providing dividend payments to shareholders even during periods of fluctuation in the business environment, and we are strongly dedicated to early resuming payments and reestablishing stable payouts. As explained above, however, the highest priority in our financial strategy is to raise our corporate value. We believe we have an obligation to pay dividends to our shareholders. As the CFO,
it is my responsibility to objectively decide which will lead to
ahead to after the COVID-19 pandemic, we expect the improved revenue stability and our other measures to boost equity capital to the ¥150 billion level by the mid-2020s. Beyond that, we intend to create business plans to continue raising equity capital to the ¥250 billion level.
Although a company cannot directly increase the second KPI of market capitalization, it can take the first step of improving total shareholder return (TSR). We will use the KPIs of ROE and ROA as tools for PDCA management to raise our equity capital and market capitalization. We will set KPIs for each business department as benchmarks for improving their individual earnings performances, and the cumulative effect of improving indices for the departments will be to raise the corporate value of the entire Group.
higher corporate value—paying a dividend or reestablishing earnings growth as quickly as possible by fortifying our ability to increase equity capital and restore trust in the company. Increasing our equity capital and raising our TSR will raise our corporate value, and a subsequent rise in the stock price would provide shareholder return. We will be closely monitoring
that balance while making every effort to resume dividend payments as soon as possible.
First on the agenda, however, is to ensure we come through the COVID-19 pandemic in solid shape as a company. Our top priority is to prepare a stable business foundation for the “new normal” after the COVID-19 and to construct a solid financial foundation for sustainable management.
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 21
 Value Creation Strategy

 Special Talk
 Aiming for new heights,
and becoming the preferred shipping company
— How we are raising our corporate value environmentally and socially—
    Kawasaki Kisen Yukikazu Myochin President and CEO
Kaisha, Ltd.
Naoya Hasegawa Professor Sustainability Studies
Hosei University
Faculty of
22 “K” LINE REPORT 2020
 Global Infrastructure for Industry and our Way of Life
 — To begin, please tell us your thoughts on what role shipping companies should play in our lives
Hasegawa International shipping has been indispensable to Japan since the Meiji Era a century ago. However, people may not realize how integral it is to society because of the minimal direct contact between the consumer and the shipping companies.
Myochin The shipping industry is certainly fundamental but relatively unseen yet it plays a crucial role in globalization by transporting huge volumes of goods with relatively small environmental impact.
Hasegawa Yes, shipping is certainly essential infrastructure for industry and for our way of life.
Manufacturing today relies on global supply chains,
and nothing could be made without energy, resources, and goods being transported from around the world. The shipping industry is not only essential to the global supply chain; we should not forget that is a huge factor supporting Japan’s earning power.
Myochin Japan is reliant on resources and raw materials from overseas, and the growth of our industries has come from processing them and exporting goods overseas. Hasegawa I’ve always felt that, rather than the largest company, it is more important to be the best company. “K” LINE seeks to fulfill its mission to support society’s infrastructure through environmentally sound and safe shipping operations. I think that is the very definition of the best type of shipping company.
  
  Myochin Thank you. We consider safety, environmental performance, and quality to be fundamental to our operations, and understand that our customers and
society expect us to constantly seek to improve in those areas. Our goal is to be a company offering a consistently high level of service.
 Ambitious Environmental Targets
 — How does “K” LINE approach environmental issues?
Myochin Since marine transportation companies carry out their business in the world’s oceans and run their ships primarily on fossil fuels, reducing our environmental impact is a major issue.
We are implementing numerous environmental measures under the Environmental Vision 2050 we adopted in 2015. We have been lauded for meeting our medium-term target for CO2 reduction well ahead of schedule, but the views of society and our stakeholders have changed substantially in the past five years, including the growing urgency for decarbonization following the Paris Agreement and other developments. Our customers’ requests concerning the environmental aspects of our services are also becoming stricter, and we feel a real sense of urgency to provide the services that meet their environmental demand or else our customers may not feel comfortable about asking us to take care of their freight transportation.
Hasegawa In Europe and other countries, it’s not uncommon for investors to ask a company, “Why did
you choose to use that logistics company?” In other words, the cargo owner also bears the responsibility of accountability. Presenting a clear environmental vision and targets thus build great trust in “K” LINE.
Myochin We completely revised our environmental vision in June 2020 to take into account the social conditions and the expectations of our customers concerning environmental issues. We reexamined our goals for 2050 and set new interim milestones for 2030. Hasegawa I understand that the Company’s new
target for reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions is stricter than the target set by the International Maritime Organization (IMO).
Myochin Yes, it is. In our new Environmental Vision we set a goal of having half the level of total GHG in 2050 that we had in 2008. And our interim milestones for 2030 are to improve CO2 emission efficiency by 50% versus 2008, exceeding the IMO target for a 40% improvement. Setting ambitious targets stimulates each of our business
departments to think deeply about what measures are possible and to push the limits on what we can achieve, essentially forcing us to look for innovation.
Hasegawa A top-down approach is really the only way to tackle environmental problems of that scale. It’s extremely important because the decisions by top management are what lead to innovation.
— How do you advance environmental measures across so many business fields?
Myochin The organizational structure is essential company-wide mobilization. That’s why we set up the Fuel Strategy & Procurement Group in January 2020. The Fuel Group and the Advanced Technology Group created in 2017 provide a centralized leadership for our fuel strategies, including for new fuels like LNG and hydrogen.
We have also set up two project teams under direct control of the president encompassing sales and technical departments that accelerate our activities in all areas while helping us meet all customer needs. The first is the Alternative Fuel Project Team. This team is creating our roadmap for achieving our GHG targets, accelerating our
   Profile Naoya Hasegawa
Professor Hasegawa joined The Yasuda Fire & Marine Insurance Co.,
Ltd in 1982 and later Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Asset Management where he oversaw the asset management business in the finance and securities, stock, and financial planning departments. He created the Buna no Mori ecofund in 1999. In 2002, he earned a Master of Law degree at the Waseda University Graduate School of Law and in 2005 a Doctorate of Business Administration at the Yokohama National University Graduate School of International Social Sciences. He was appointed associate professor at the University of Yamanashi Graduate School in 2006, and professor at the Faculty of Sustainability Studies at Hosei University in 2011. He is a Certified Member Analyst (CMA) of the Securities Analysts Association of Japan.
Value Creation Strategy
 “K” LINE REPORT 2020 23

 Special Talk
shift to LNG-fueled vessels and the LNG fuel supply business, and to advance research in energy-saving technologies. The team is also examining the viability of ammonia, hydrogen, and other potential next-generation fuels.
The second is the Safety and Environmental Technology Project Team. As its name says, this team is deeply focused on safety and specifically on digitalizing
and leveraging the massive amount of data we have accumulated on ship navigation and weather and sea conditions. The team is actively working with partner companies inside and outside the Group to improve our service quality by supporting safe navigation and reducing the environmental impact of our operations.
 Focus on Digital Technologies and Human Resource Development
 — Digital technology is attracting lots of attention, but what is the actual status of its use for safety in ship navigation?
Myochin We are deeply dedicated to using our technologies and our experience to provide safety in navigation. Digital technology is not only helping us improve our safety, it is also enabling us to improve our
the final decisions, but the system provides information enabling the best decision.
We are also digitalizing our document processes onboard to reduce the paperwork for our seafarers, which lets our professional crews focus on ship navigation and will enhance employee satisfaction and productivity. Hasegawa Climate change is affecting on weather and sea conditions, and experience and intuition may not be enough for some of the abnormal conditions that could occur. Using big data and other analytics could be very useful in those incidents.
— With the shortage of human resources throughout the industry, human resource development is also an important issue
Myochin We provide comprehensive training for our seafarers from apprenticeship to ship captain and chief engineer and rotate their job assignments between positions at sea and on land to give them wide-ranging experience.
Of the approximately 6,500 crewmembers of our vessels, a little over 200 are Japanese and over 60% of the rest are from the Philippines. Because training is critical, we established the “K” LINE Maritime Academy in the Philippines where 54 staff present some 930 lectures
to as many as 10,000 people each year to ensure they acquire the necessary knowledge and skills. The academy has training facilities, including engine plants replicating those on actual ships and ship-handling simulators, and full accommodation and medical facilities.
Hasegawa It sounds like your efforts are not only positive for your company’s development, but that “K” LINE is
a making a very positive contribution toward meeting the basic human need for educational opportunities
and employment, which aligns with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals of quality education and
environmental performance and enhance the quality of our services. The Kawasaki Integrated Maritime Solutions, which is the system we developed with the Kawasaki Heavy Industries Group, enhances safety through real- time communications from ship to shore about a wide range of data from ship position and speed to the status of its engine and equipment. The system also uses ship data and the latest weather and sea condition information to select the optimal navigation route for safety and economic efficiency. The ship captain always makes
 24 “K” LINE REPORT 2020

  decent work and economic growth.
Myochin Education and training take time. The most effective way to develop crew members who are familiar with our standards of safety and our technologies is to teach them at the training center and then have them on our ships not once but multiple times.
— The COVID-19 pandemic has affected cargo movement, but how has it affected your crews?
Myochin Our Filipino crewmembers usually contract for eight or nine months on a ship. The stricter immigration
controls, however, have led to many of them continuing working onboard ships for longer. I’ve heard that as many as 150,000 seafarers worldwide are bound to ships. The United Nations is working to solve the problem, but it will likely take some time.
Hasegawa Not knowing when you can be relieved of your duty must create worry about physical and mental fatigue. Myochin Yes, that can affect their health as well as the safety of ship navigation. We are doing all we can to reduce the stress on the crew members onboard our ships, and not only to them but to their families as well as to seafarers who are stuck waiting for their work contracts to start.
 Increased Importance of the Environment and Society after the COVID-19 Pandemic
 — Structure must be in place for environmental and social activities to make progress
Myochin Our CSR & Environmental Committee oversees two bodies with specific tasks: the Environmental Sub- Committee operates the environmental management system, and the CSR Sub-Committee promotes CSR activities. The Ship Safety Promotion Committee, which is overseen by the Crisis Management Committee, is
in charge of all aspects of verification and deliberation concerning safety in navigation and cargo operations. The CSR & Environmental Committee and the Ship Safety Promotion Committee, both of which I serve as the chairperson, are discussing various initiatives.
In addition to our internal structure for promoting environmental and social activities, we are also joining international frameworks for promoting the ESG initiatives and the SDGs. And in April 2020, “K” LINE signed the United Nations Global Compact and registered as a participating company.
Hasegawa Active measures for ESG and the SDGs
will increase society’s trust in the company. Plus, the activities you are leading to strengthen the company’s environmental performance and safety should also build trust in the company. I believe that trust from society is an intangible asset that leads to profits.
Myochin The COVID-19 pandemic is creating great changes to our world. So that society can move in a better direction under what will become the new normal, I think we will start asking ourselves what we really need to do to
meet social needs and raise awareness about safety and the environment so we can realize a sustainable society. Hasegawa Lately, there is an increasing sense that more consumers are engaging in “belief-driven buying,” which is consumption based on a person’s values. This means, for example, buying products from a company that
responds in a positive way to a problem, and conversely stop buying from a company that does not respond appropriately to a problem.
This trend suggests that a company’s environmental and safety activities will become increasingly important and directly impact their corporate value. I am eagerly looking forward to “K” LINE’s inspiring efforts in these areas. Myochin Thank you very much.
 “K” LINE REPORT 2020 25
Value Creation Strategy

 Management Strategies and ESG/CSR Management
Realizing a sustainable society and creating new values
The “K” LINE Group seeks to “build a management structure that emphasizes social responsibility” and built on a dual framework of “managing the impact of our business activities” and “creating new values.” By recognizing and actively addressing the important issues in each framework, we contribute to building a sustainable society while bolstering our long- term competitive advantages and creating new values (see pages 12-17 and pages 22-25).
☆☆☆ : Most Important Issues
    Basic CSR Policy
Priority Themes/Material Issues
Prevention of major accidents
Key Initiatives
Related SDGs
    Corporate governance P. 34-39
• Introduce a Unit Supervisory System
• Introduce a Nomination Advisory Committee and Remuneration Advisory Committee
• Appoint outside directors (40% of directors)
   Establishment of a management structure that responds to the demands of society
   Stakeholder engagement
• Engage in investor relations in Japan and overseas
• Provide full disclosure
• Share feedback from shareholders and investors with managers and throughout the Company
• Open dialogue and collaborate with NPOs and NGOs
• Be a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact
         Promotion of dialogue with stakeholders
      Environmental preservation P. 30-31
• Reduce CO2 emissions and improve emission efficiency (aiming for decarbonization in 2050)
• Promote the transport and supply of new energy for a low- carbon society
• Reduce the shipping operation’s impact on the sea and air, including zero oil spills
• Step up our activities and support for public environmental improvement efforts
                Reinforcement of environmental management Environment-friendly business activities
      Safety in navigation and cargo operations P. 32
• Enhance the Safety Management System
• Strengthen the Ship Management System
• Secure and train maritime technical personnel
         Human rights
• Understand human rights issues by attending international conferences and engage with NGOs and international organizations
         Prevention of discrimination
Respect of basic labor rights
Prevention of forced labor and child labor
   Labor practices P. 33
• Become a certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organization (Large Enterprise Category) in 2020
• Receive a Kurumin “next-generation” mark in 2020 as a company supporting childcare
• Renew our certification as a leading company for prevention of seafarer labor accidents
        Prevention of over-long working hours Promotion of diverse work styles
Improvement of occupational health and safety
   Compliance
• Create a system to prevent Competition Law violation recurrence
• Create a bribery prevention system
• Create a system for compliance to economic sanctions
• Enhance the internal reporting system (register as a Whistleblowing Compliance Management System (WCMS))
• Expand our educational programs
       Prevention of corruption
Prevention of anti-competitive behavior
    Risk management
• Launch a BCP for the COVID-19 pandemic
• Conduct response drills for a large-scale accident
• Have the Crisis Management Committee and the Management Risk Committee apply the PDCA cycle to risk management
      BCPs (Business Continuity Plans) to response to large-scale disasters
Enhancement of response capabilities for major accidents
Crisis and risk management system
           26
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
Building a Management Structure that Emphasizes Social Responsibility
★★★
Managing the Impact of our Business Activities

    Basic CSR Policy
Priority Themes/Material Issues
   Human resource development P. 33
  Improvement of corporate culture Development of global leaders Promotion of diversity
Key Initiatives
• Expand and strengthen position-based training
• Create new training systems, including on-ship training for all employees and accounting and finance training
• Introduce a headquarters work program for non-Japanese seafarers
Related SDGs
       Innovation P. 28-29
      New value proposals through reduction of environmental burden and improvement of service quality
    Community involvement and development
• Use the Kawasaki Integrated Maritime Solutions to enhance our safety and environmental performance
• Install the Seawing automated kite system on ships to harness natural energy
• Introduce LNG-fueled car carriers
      • Donate to areas affected by natural disasters
• Collaborate with free cargo transport operations to emerging countries
     Assistance in recovery / reconstruction from natural disasters
Promotion of social contribution activities utilizing corporate resources
    Employment creation and skills development
• Host ship and training center tours for children and teachers
• Send lecturers to maritime education institutions to assist in the cultivation of future maritime technical personnel
    Support for education and employment creation
         Process to Identify Materiality
The “K” LINE Groups uses the following process and refers to international regulations and initiatives and GRI guidelines to identify important (material) issues.
 ESG and CSR Promotion Structure
 The Group’s management system is designed to promote
ESG- and CSR-driven management centered on the material issues. The CSR & Environmental Committee, which is chaired by the President & CEO, and the CSR Sub-Committee and Environmental Sub-Committee form the policies for the Group’s CSR activities and are responsible for executing the Environmental Management System formulated in accordance with the “K” LINE Group Environmental Policy. The Group’s
ESG and CSR initiatives are further strengthened by the CSR Promotion Network encompassing all Group companies.
  STEP
STEP
Specify Themes Related to “K” LINE Group’s Business Activities
The “K” LINE Group, through dialogue with internal and external
stakeholders and by referring to OECD Guidelines for Multinational 1 Enterprises, ISO26000, GRI Guidelines, and other frameworks,
has specified environmental and social themes that the Group’s operations around the world may affect or contribute to.
Select “Material Issues”
The Group has selected ten of the themes identified in STEP
1 to prioritize in terms of the significance of their economic, environmental, and social impacts and the effects on stakeholder evaluations and decision-making. These themes and two
  2 additional themes deemed essential to establish the relevant management structure to address them have been designated “material issues” requiring action by the Group.
  STEP 4
STEP
Match with SDGs
The Group has aligned the CSR Action Plans outlined in Step 3 with the 17 SDGs adopted by the United Nations in 2015 to ensure the objectives are compatible.
Review
The Group semiannually reviews the progress of the CSR Action Plans, and revises or modifies them as necessary. At the end of each fiscal year, the Group evaluates the progress and results
Formulate CSR Action Plans
   CSR Sub-Committee
CSR Division, General Affairs Group
Headquarters
Interaction CSR Promotion Network
Environmental Sub-Committee
 Environment Management Group
   Domestic Group Companies
Overseas Group Companies
The Group has set medium- and long-term targets for the 12
STEP
3 Action Plans geared to each target.
material issues designated in STEP 2 and formulates annual CSR
  5 of the CSR Action Plans and, based on the progress toward the medium- and long-term goals and the social changes relevant to its businesses, formulates new plans for the next fiscal year.
Additional information about the “K” LINE Group ESG and CSR is available at the following webpage.
Home > CSR
Board of Directors
President & CEO
 CSR & Environmental Committee
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 27
 Value Creation Strategy
★★★
Creating New Values

 Innovation
Initiatives to introduce advanced technologies that create new value
Initiative Improvement of operating safety and environmental performance by using Kawasaki Integrated Maritime Solutions
Safety, environment, and quality are the foundation and the areas of strength of our business. Providing new value to our customers and society by improving them is a priority for “K” LINE. By constantly applying the expertise we have accumulated over many years of operation as well as by introducing new equipment and service technologies through collaboration with our customers and business partners, we strive to further reduce our environmental footprint and raise the quality of our services.
   Kawasaki Integrated Maritime Solutions is an integrated
vessel operation and performance management with data collection device from each vessel. The system can be used for real time monitoring and analysis for ship propulsion performance and engine plant condition based on actual ship operational data. The optimum weather routing system then integrates this information with the latest meteorological data and ship performance model that has been created
from actual operational data to calculate the recommended
 navigation route for each vessel. This system enables us to visualize ship’s condition from various perspectives through the big data analysis. For example, the system helps earlier and accurate detection of an increase in fuel consumption due to a ship’s performance deterioration, giving us the ability to take preventive improvement measures. The optimum weather routing system also improves the environmental performance making it possible to reduce CO2 emissions while maintaining our ship and cargo safety standards.
   Conceptual framework
Display screen
Message from a Team Member
   I am engaged in the development and operation of this system, where I am pouring my knowledge and experience from eight years as a “K” LINE seafarer. I have put particular effort into creating the system structure and viewer design to find the best way to make the various types of analysis result easy to understand. I wanted to create an intuitive and effective interface especially for function of ship propulsion performance analysis that can be seamlessly used in the daily workflow of not just technical divisions including the Group’s ship management companies, but by business and operation divisions as well. We regularly hold explanatory meetings and propose new uses for this system as part of our goal to make the system easily operable by all “K” LINE employees. We are also constantly working to improve the system’s functionality and usability. I believe those enhancement improve our safety.
 28
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
Kyohei Noda
Energy & Performance Management Team Advanced Technology Group
For more effective use of Kawasaki Integrated Maritime Solutions throughout the Group
   
 Initiative Introduction of Seawing, automated kite system utilizing natural energy
  The Seawing automated kite system is mounted on the forecastle of the vessel and is unfolded by simple operation from the bridge under certain conditions of natural wind power and wind direction, and assists propulsion power
of the vessel utilizing wind force effectively. A controlled
flying kite can provide greater power than a fixed-sail device with the same surface area. The combination of air and sea technologies by bringing the aircraft flight control technology to ships and augmenting it using performance analysis
by Kawasaki Integrated Maritime Solutions is leading to breakthrough innovations for ship performance. “K” LINE is also a member of the International Windship Association actively promoting the use of wind energy in the shipping industry.
 Seawing installation image
Message from a Stakeholder
“K” LINE is committed to cut emissions using wind
    Vincent Bernatets
Founder and CEO AIRSEAS SAS
It is an honour and a great satisfaction to work alongside “K” LINE to contribute to the Society. Airseas is a young high-tech company combining aeronautical and maritime expertise, with the mission to reduce the environmental footprint of shipping. Our large Seawing automated kites allow to save 20% of fuel and related emissions in order to make the existing and future ships more eco-friendly.
As a company, “K” LINE is taking the challenge of our disruptive technology to continue being a pioneer in maritime eco efficiency, in line with its history and values.
We are glad we have built a trustful relationship with the “K” LINE team which motivates us even more to outperform: through our collaboration, we have the opportunity to integrate more of the operational context so as to further develop the Seawing benefits for “K” LINE.
Overall, I see our two companies sailing hand in hand through prosperous winds of change to be market leaders!
 Initiative Government-supported launch of an LNG-fueled car carrier
 “K” LINE placed an order for an LNG-fueled car carrier with Imabari Shipbuilding Co., Ltd. The order was made possible with support of the “Model Project for Maximize Reduction of CO2 Emissions from LNG fueled Vessels”, a joint project between the Ministry of the Environment and the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism. The volume per calorific value of LNG is 1.7 times greater than that of heavy fuel oil and it begins to vaporize at about -161°C. LNG- fueled ships must therefore be specially designed to secure the storage space and control the pressure and temperature of LNG fueled tank. However, LNG’s benefits are substantial, as LNG fuel emits 25-30% less CO2 than heavy oil.
  LNG-fueled car carrier conceptual drawing
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 29
 Value Creation Strategy

 Environmental Preservation
Creating a business enabling people worldwide to enjoy the benefits of highly efficient shipping with low environmental impact
 “K” LINE Environmental Vision 2050
The “K” LINE Environmental Vision 2050 announced in March 2015 set specific milestones to reach by 2019, the 100th anniversary of our founding. We have achieved many of the milestones, however, the dramatic changes in the environment around the world have made it necessary to reassess some of our goals for 2050 and set new milestone markers for 2030.
Today, tomorrow, to 2050 and beyond, we will continue our voyage of supporting sustaining and flourishing growth for society and “K” LINE.
  Minimize “K” LINE impact on the sea and air
• Zero oil spills
• Aim for zero environmental impact
         Support the environmental activities of society
2050
  Reduce “K” LINE impact on the sea and air
Reduce the shipping operation’s impact on the sea and air, including zero oil spills
• Support the environmental activities
• Be the industry leader in ecosystem protection
“K” LINE decarbonization
Cut GHG emissions by 50% (improve CO2 emissions by 70% over 2008)
    Support the environmental activities of society
Increase environmental dialogue and activities
2030
Interim milestones
“K” LINE low-carbonization
Improve CO2 emission efficiency by 50% over 2008
Support the decarbonization of society
Be the transporter and supplier of new energy
 Support development low-carbon society
Transport and supply new energy for a low- carbon society
of a
       2019 Interim milestones
  Prevent
marine pollution and protect the ecosystem
      Diversify Turning energysources risk into
Suppress greenhouse gas emissions
opportunity
  Reduce air pollution to as close to zero as possible
Scenario Analysis
 We used our scenario analysis to formulate the strategies needed to reach our future targets and to ensure we are prepared for any eventuality.
Climate change is expected to expose humankind
to major physical risk, such as serious natural disasters. To prevent this risk, it is widely believed that global warming must be held below a 2°C increase, and achieving this will require worldwide effort, such as environmental regulations to significantly reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. The “K” LINE Group is taking steps to reduce GHG emissions from the Group’s business activities based on the assumption that
 the below 2°C warming scenario will be realized. At the same time, we recognize that efforts to reduce GHG emissions may be insufficient, and that the 4°C warming scenario and intensifying physical risk is a possibility.
The Group must build the resilience to adapt to those conditions to ensure its business operations will continue.
We formulated roadmaps for how the Group should prepare for the anticipated negative (risk) and positive (opportunity) aspects of both the “below 2°C warming scenario” and the “4°C warming scenario.”
   30 “K” LINE REPORT 2020
The Future We Aim For
Two
Scenarios The Future We Prepare For Just In Case
Below 2°C Warming Scenario
Additional information about the scenario analysis is available at the following webpage. Home > CSR > Environment > Environmental Promotion System > “K” LINE Environmental Vision 2050 “Blue Seas for the Future”
    4°C Warming Scenario

2030 Interim Milestones and Action Plan
 We have formulated concrete action plans to drive us to the 2030 interim milestones on our way to the 2050 targets and further toward realizing a zero emissions world.
  Priority issues
  Action Plan to 2030
  “K” LINE low-carbonization
• Improve CO2 emission efficiency by 50% over 2008 Surpassing the IMO target of a 40% improvement
• Strengthen ties with shipbuilding sites, customers, governments, investors, and all stakeholders to realize and launch zero-emission vessels
 Support development of a low-carbon society
 • Develop and expand new businesses that contribute to a low-carbon society
• Explore and develop new businesses that contribute to achieving a low-carbon society
 Reduce “K” LINE impact on the sea and air
 • Initiatives to maintain zero oil spills
• Reduce the environmental impact of ship operations
 Support the environmental activities of society
  • Increase environmental dialogue and activities
     Initiative Establish the LNG fuel supply business — Business start scheduled for 2020 —
 We will establish a business to provide a stable supply of
LNG for ship fuel. LNG has strong potential as an alternative to heavy oil and is an attractive fuel source with the increasingly stringent international regulations on ship emissions.
We have created a four-company alliance with JERA, Toyota Tsusho, and NYK Line to launch Japan’s first LNG bunkering vessel. LNG is an optimal fuel for lowering emissions to meet the stringent international regulations. Using LNG instead of heavy fuel oil can reduce emissions of sulfur oxides (SOx) and particulate matter (PM) by virtually 100%, nitrogen oxides (NOx) by as much as 80%, and carbon dioxide (CO2) by roughly 30%.
   Initiative Projects to execute Action Plan 2030
LNG fuel supply ship (illustration courtesy of Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.)
President & CEO
 Our sustainability management system is a cross-departmental organization administered directly by the president & CEO. The system is the backbone of our high-quality logistics services, which includes our strength areas of safety in navigation
and environmental response, and is key to continuing to enhance our competitiveness. The Safety and Environmental Technology Project Team is devoted to accelerating the incorporation of equipment and management technologies throughout the Group to enhance the safety of our services and further improve our service quality to meet customer needs. The Alternative Fuel Project Team considers measures to prepare for wider use of LNG-fueled vessels and the global development of LNG fuel supply business.
     Safety and Environmental Technology Project Team
Leader
Unit Supervising Executive Officer of the Information System and AI/Digitalization Strategy Unit, CIO
Member Groups
AI/Digitalization Strategy, Advanced Technology, Marine Human Resources, Safety and Quality Management, and other related sales and business groups
Alternative Fuel Project Team
Leader
Unit Supervising Executive Officer of the Energy Transportation Business Unit
Member Groups
Fuel Strategy & Procurement, Advanced Technology, Ship Technical, Safety and Quality Management, Environment Management, and other related sales and business groups
  “K” LINE REPORT 2020 31
 Value Creation Strategy

 Safety in Navigation and Cargo Operations
Maintaining world-leading safety in navigation and cargo operations
Safety in navigation and cargo operations is an immutable mission in a shipping business. The “K” LINE Group’s corporate principle and vision calls for “providing reliable and excellent services” and reflects our commitment to provide safe shipping operations for the benefit of society. The “K” LINE has three policy pillars: Enhancing the Safety Management System, Strengthening the Ship Management System, and Securing and Training Maritime Technical Personnel.
 Enhancing the Safety Management System
 The Ship Safety Promotion Committee, chaired by the President & CEO, is the top decision-making body covering operational safety. The committee determines accident prevention and safety measures for all ships operated by the Company—including owned, chartered, and entrusted vessels—and handles everything from basic policy formulation to the implementation of measures under the system shown below.
  KL-Quality with KL Safety Standard
  Decision-making to establish and maintain utmost safety in navigation and cargo operations
 Top Management
   Sales & Operations Department
Ship Safety Promotion Committee
 Ship Safety Promotion Sub-committee
Forming measures to prevent accidents and accident recurrence
Ship & Engineering Department
Group Ship Management Companies
 Improve ship quality, train crew, work with ship management companies and shipowners
 Gathering on-site opinions
  • Safety Management Committee
• Visiting in-house management company • Visiting owners of chartered ships
• Visiting vessels
• KLMA Meeting
• Safety Report Committee
• ICT Working Group
• K-DNA Working Group
• Specifications of Newly Constructed Ships
              Chartered ship
Owned ship
 Initiative Shipowner Safety Liaison Meeting
  “K” LINE’s measures for safety in navigation and cargo operations includes convening an annual Shipowner Safety Liaison Meeting bringing together administrative managers from all of its main shipping operators. The meetings give us the opportunity to explain our navigation safety policies and environmental measures, share information, and exchange opinions, and are an important part
of enhancing the quality of the fleet and improving safety. The meetings also allow us to recognize and honor charter ship owners for exhibiting outstanding performance based on our own quality guidelines called KL-Quality.
 32
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
Reflection and feedback

 Human Resources
Cultivating our onshore and maritime employees who are key to sustainable growth
We are cultivating human resources who will be the driving force for the ever-changing challenge of innovation and developing world-class maritime technicians who will ensure our ongoing safe operations. We are also reforming the workstyle standards in the Company to support various work styles and increase productivity. In addition, we are seeking to cultivate an organizational culture to make full use of employee skills and individuality.
 Onshore Employees
 “K” LINE takes a “health management” approach to its labor practices and closely monitors overtime work to prevent employees from becoming overworked. The Company strongly encourages employees to take at least the minimum of five days of annual paid leave required by Japan’s revised Labor Standards Act, and in fiscal 2019 all eligible employees took the leave. We are also preparing a variety of communication tools to broaden the use of the work-at-home system introduced in January 2019 to all departments.
 The goal of our human resource development is to cultivate personnel capable of taking charge of business management from a global perspective and applying sophisticated practical skills and abundant creativity to propel business transformation. We revamped the training programs to gear courses to specific job positions and levels of experience and introduced training sessions on logical thinking, problem solving, and presentation skills to boost practical skills.
  Initiative Certified as a 2020 Kurumin childcare support company
 The Tokyo Labor Bureau of the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare certified “K” LINE as a 2020 Kurumin Childcare Support Company in recognition of our efforts to support balanced work and childcare, encourage male employees to take leave to participate in childcare, and persuade employees to use their annual paid holidays. We will continue providing a stable foundation accommodating diverse and flexible work styles so our employees can make the full use of their abilities, including supporting employees with children, and promoting a healthy work-life balance.
  Maritime Employees
Securing and nurturing outstanding Japanese maritime employees to be leaders for crews of many nationalities is essential to international ocean shipping. In 2013, “K” LINE established a comprehensive in-house training program to foster outstanding maritime technical personnel and began recruiting students from non-maritime universities as well as seafarer training institutions.
Our training programs are designed for employees
seeking to advance both onshore and offshore careers, and encompass both onshore training at the “K” LINE Maritime Academy in Machida, Japan, and on-ship training programs. We develop world-class maritime technicians through a structured instruction system for acquiring the requisite knowledge and technical expertise along with training in effective teamwork skills.
  Initiative Renewed certification as a Business Operator Providing Superior Occupational Accident Prevention for Seafarers
 In fiscal 2019, the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism once again recognized “K” LINE as a Business Operator Providing Superior Occupational Accident Prevention for Seafarers (General Class 1). The MLIT created the program to recognize individual shipping fleet operators and provide official certification of companies that take voluntary measures to prevent occupational accidents for seafarers.
“K” LINE was the only international shipping company in Japan to receive the highest Class 1 ranking when it was created in 2008, and we have been certified at the highest level every year since. Class 1 distinction includes requiring a company to have no violations of the Mariners Law for the past five years.
  “K” LINE REPORT 2020 33
 Value Creation Strategy

 Corporate Governance
Establishing sustainable growth and raising corporate value
“K” LINE is developing and strengthening its corporate governance and risk management structures to fulfill its social responsibility and its commitment to its shareholders and stakeholders, and to achieve sustainable growth. While thoroughly enforcing its corporate ethics across the entire Group, “K” LINE will continue developing an organic and effective governance framework, strengthening its earning and financial structures, and enhancing its corporate value.
 Corporate Governance Reform
 “K” LINE is constantly implementing measures to strengthen its corporate governance and risk management structures and adamantly enforces its corporate ethics throughout the Group. The Company is creating a system for organic and effective governance and fortifying its earning and financial structures to enhance its corporate value. This section introduces changes we have made to improve our corporate governance.
  2004
• Established the Internal Audit Office
2006
• Reduce the size of the Board of Directors from maximum 25 to maximum 15
• Introduced the Executive Officer System
• Adopted the “K” LINE Group Charter of Conduct
2009
• Shortened the term of office for Directors from 2 years to 1 year
• Appointed the Company’s first Outside Directors (2 positions)
2016
   • •
• • • •
Initiated the Unit Supervisory System
Increased the number of Outside Directors from 2 to 3 (one third of all Directors)
Appointed the Company’s first female executive Appointed a Lead Outside Director
Adopted the “K” LINE Group Global Compliance Policy Initiated a Performance-based Share Remuneration Plan
2019
• Increased the number of Outside Directors from 3 to 4 (40% of all Directors)
    2015
Measures allowed to lapse Management Conference, and Executive Officers’ Meeting
• Established the Nomination Advisory Committee and Remuneration Advisory Committee
• Adopted the Corporate Governance Guidelines
• Initiated Board of Director Effectiveness Evaluation
• Takeover Defense
• Redefined the functions of the Board of Directors,
Corporate Governance Structure
 The Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board construct, apply, and monitor the corporate governance system, and several committees and other offices contribute to enhancing the system.
  Appointment / Dismissal
Shareholders’ Meeting
Supervising
Directing
As of April 1, 2020
Nomination Advisory Committee Remuneration Advisory Committee
Appointment / Dismissal
 Inquiry Reporting
   Directors (Board of Directors)
       Dry Bulk Carriers Unit
 Energy Transportation Business Unit
 Product Logistics Business Unit
 Containership Business Unit
 Corporate Unit
 Marine Sector, Advanced Technology, Ship Technical and Environ- mental Affairs Unit
 Information System, AI/Digitalization Strategy Unit
  Accounting Auditing
34 “K” LINE REPORT 2020
Management Conference (Senior Managing Execu- tive Officers and above, etc.)
President & CEO
Executive Officers’ Meeting (Executive Officers and Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
   Unit Supervisory System
Unit Supervising Executive Officers
 Executive Officers in charge
Auditing
Audit & Supervisory Board Members (Audit & Supervisory Board)
Reporting
Accounting Auditor

Nomination Advisory Committee, Remuneration Advisory Committee
 Unit Supervisory System
 The “Corporate Governance Code” stipulates the primary role and responsibility of the Board of Directors is to “create an environment supporting appropriate risk-taking by senior management.” Following this stipulation, “K” LINE adopted the Unit Supervisory System as part of the corporate governance structure to further streamline and enhance the business execution structure.
   • Clarified system for business execution responsibility
• Delegated authority to Unit Supervising Executive Officers
• Strengthened the supervisory function of the Board of Directors
Improved business execution efficiency
As a company structured with an Audit & Supervisory Board, “K” LINE voluntarily established a Nomination Advisory Committee and Remuneration Advisory Committee to enhance the function of the Board of Directors. The committees are composed of Independent Outside Directors, the Chairman, and the President & CEO. The Independent Outside Directors on each committee nominate and select an Independent Outside Director to serve as their committee chairperson.
Additional information about the appointment of outside directors is available at the following webpage.
Home > CSR > Governance > Corporate Governance > Criteria for Independence of Outside Directors
Appointment of Outside Directors
 “K” LINE actively appoints Outside Directors to take advantage of external perspectives that can enhance corporate value over the medium and long term.
  Risk Management Structure
 The Company maintains crisis and risk management system
for recognizing and preparing for various business risks and
for ensuring we fulfill our corporate responsibility when a risk event occurs. A Crisis Management Committee has been set up to supervise and promote overall risk management in four areas identified by the Group, each with a dedicated committee: risk
 related to ship operations, compliance, disasters, and other management operations.
The President & CEO appoints the chairperson for each committee and the committees convene regularly to review the status of risk and reinforce the risk management system.
      Authorization, supervision
Report
Board of Directors
  Management Conference
 Compliance Committee
 Compliance Risk Management
Reviews, prepares, and promotes policies and measures to ensure the Group’s corporate behavior complies with the Group’s ethics, laws, bylaws, and standards
Authorization, supervision
Report
 Crisis Management Committee
Administration Report
Executive Officers’ Meeting
Ship Safety Promotion Committee
Ship Operation Risk Management
Reviews and determines the basic policy and measures related to accident prevention and safety measures for vessels in operation
 Disaster Response Committee
 Disaster Risk Management
Reviews and determines policies and measures to enhance the disaster prevention structure and to provide relief, restore operations, and maintain business continuity to people and business sites when a disaster event occurs
   Management Risk Committee
Operation Risk Management related to the economy, environment,
human resources, and other areas
Reviews and promotes management and measures to eliminate or mitigate risks that affect management other than those related to vessel operation, major disasters, and compliance
Audit
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 35
 Value Creation Strategy
Audit & Supervisory Board

 Corporate Governance
Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Executive Officers (as of June 23, 2020)
        Yukikazu Myochin
Representative Director President & CEO
Seiichi Tanaka
Outside Director
Directors
Yukikazu Myochin
Representative Director
Atsuo Asano
Representative Director
Yukio Toriyama
Representative Director
Kazuhiko Harigai
Representative Director
Yasunari Sonobe
Director
Makoto Arai
Director
Seiichi Tanaka
Outside Director
Keiji Yamada
Outside Director
Ryuhei Uchida
Outside Director
Kozue Shiga
Outside Director
Tsuyoshi Yamauchi
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Kunihiko Arai
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Atsumi Harasawa
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Shinsuke Kubo
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Atsuo Asano
Representative Director
Vice President Executive Officer
Keiji Yamada
Outside Director
Yukio Toriyama
Representative Director
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Ryuhei Uchida
Outside Director
Kazuhiko Harigai Yasunari Sonobe Makoto Arai
Representative Director Director
Daisuke Arai
Managing Executive Officer
Atsumi Harasawa
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Masatoshi Taguchi
Director
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Kozue Shiga
Outside Director
Senior Managing Executive Officer
TsuyoshiYamauchi
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Managing Executive Officer
Kunihiko Arai
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Shinsuke Kubo
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
           36
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Executive Officers
Yukikazu Myochin
President & CEO
Atsuo Asano
Vice President Executive Officer
Assistant to President & CEO, Responsible
for Dry Bulk Carriers Unit, Marine Sector, Advanced Technology, Ship Technical and Environmental Affairs Unit
Yukio Toriyama
Senior Managing Executive Officer Responsible for Corporate Unit (General
Affairs, Human Resources, Legal, Corporate Legal Risk & Compliance, Corporate Planning, Research, Finance, Accounting, Taxation, IR & PR), CFO (Chief Financial Officer)
Kazuhiko Harigai
Senior Managing Executive Officer Responsible for Energy Transportation Business Unit
Yasunari Sonobe
Senior Managing Executive Officer Responsible for Product Logistics Business Unit (Car Carriers, Port Business, Logistics, Affiliated Business Promotion)
Yutaka Nakagawa
Managing Executive Officer
Managing Director of K LINE (THAILAND) LTD.
Daisuke Arai
Managing Executive Officer Responsible for Containerships Unit, Information System, AI/Digitalization Strategy Unit, CIO (Chief Information Officer)
Makoto Arai
Managing Executive Officer
In charge of Legal, Corporate Legal Risk &
Compliance, Assistance to Internal Audit, CCO (Chief Compliance Officer)
Kiyotaka Aya
Managing Executive Officer
In charge of Marine Sector, CSO (Chief Safety Officer)
Shingo Kogure
Managing Executive Officer
In charge of General Affairs, CSR, Human Resources
Toyohisa Nakano
Executive Officer
In charge of Ship Technical and Environmental Affairs
Yuji Asano
Executive Officer
In charge of Finance, Accounting, Taxation, General Manager of Finance Group
Takahiko Tsurukawa
Executive Officer
In charge of Bulk Carrier Business, Drybulk
Planning, General Manager of Bulk Carrier Group
Michitomo Iwashita
Executive Officer
In charge of Thermal Coal, General Manager of Thermal Coal Group
Takenori Igarashi
Executive Officer
In charge of Car Carrier Business, Car Carrier
Planning & Development, Car Carrier Quality and Operations
Satoshi Kanamori
Executive Officer
In charge of LNG, Energy Business Planning,
General Manager of Energy Business Planning Group
Executive Officer
In charge of Coal and Iron Ore Carrier
Business, General Manager of Coal & Iron Ore Carrier Business Group
Noriaki Yamaga
Executive Officer
In charge of Corporate Planning, Research, IR & PR
Keiji Kubo
Executive Officer
In charge of Port Business, Logistics,
Affiliated Business Promotion, General Manager of Logistics and Affiliated Business Promotion Group
Akihiro Fujimaru
Executive Officer
Assistance to Marine Sector, General
Manager of Safety and Quality Management Group
Hisashi Nakayama
Executive Officer
In charge of Tankers, Fuel Strategy &
Procurement, General Manager of Tanker Group

Director Skill Matrix
 The expertise and experience of the Company’s directors is as follows.
               59
2
Expertise and Experience
       Age
Years as Director
Corporate Management & Strategy
Legal & Risk Management
Finance & Accounting
Technology
Global
  59
4
         60
1
       60
     61
          67
1
  -
  61
-
  4
       66
     42
1
  1
       71
-
         Yukikazu Myochin Atsuo Asano Yukio Toriyama Kazuhiko Harigai Yasunari Sonobe Makoto Arai Seiichi Tanaka Keiji Yamada Ryuhei Uchida Kozue Shiga
          Board Evaluation
 Article 22 of the Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha Corporate Governance Guidelines stipulates, “Each Director shall annually perform a self- evaluation on the effectiveness of the Board of Directors and their performance as a Director, and submit the results to the Board of Directors. Each year the Board of Directors shall, based on the self-evaluations, analyze and evaluate the overall effectiveness of the Board of Directors and disclose a summary of the results in a timely and proper manner.”
 Current Issues
Although the Board of Directors has been evaluated as operating with sufficient effectiveness, the Company has set the following as areas requiring constant improvement to make the Board more effective.
• Strengthen Group governance
• Increase member diversity on the Board of Directors
• Hold deeper discussions about the medium- and long-term
capital strategy
• Strengthen and rigorously update cyber security
 Fiscal 2019 Evaluations
— Attributes of the Board of Directors that produced a particularly high evaluations —
We expect the following strengths cited in the previous fiscal year’s effectiveness evaluations to be even stronger in the current fiscal year.
• Continuously reforming and improving governance
• A cooperative atmosphere due to the leadership of the
Chairman
• Quick and appropriate decision-making process when
executing duties
• Judicious monitoring by Outside Directors with diverse
backgrounds
• Active discussions about capital efficiency including asset
portfolio reviews
The latest evaluations contained comments that the “active discussion about capital efficiency and asset portfolio reviews” could include deeper discussion about the medium- and long-term capital strategy. The latest evaluations also indicated that “constructive dialogue with shareholders” was another strongpoint of the Board of Directors.
 “K” LINE REPORT 2020 37
 Value Creation Strategy

 Corporate Governance
Officer Remuneration System
 The Company’s Board of Directors determines remuneration levels for executives in consideration of the recommendations of the Remuneration Advisory Committee, which deliberates and determines the structure and level of compensation and reports its counsel to the Board.
Director remuneration comprises a monthly salary, performance-based compensation, and the Board Benefit Trust (BBT) Performance-based Share Remuneration Plan. BBT compensation is linked to the Company’s total shareholders return (TSR) to provide incentive for directors to contribute to the medium- and long-term growth in earnings and corporate value. See below for an overview of the remuneration system.
       Classification
Type of remuneration
Nature of remuneration
Method of determination
Maximum limit of remuneration
      Monthly remuneration
Bonuses based on consolidated performance*
Monthly remuneration only
* Limited to Executive Directors
Fixed remuneration
Variable remuneration
Fixed remuneration
Remuneration is determined in accordance with position and performance rating.
Linked to the degree of achievement of consolidated performance targets in single fiscal years
Determined following deliberation among Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Within 600 million yen / year
Over the 4 fiscal years from FY ended March 31, 2018 up until FY ending March 31, 2021:
(1) Amount contributed to the trust by the Company: 480 million yen (2) Maximum points awarded to Directors in any 1 FY: 620,000 points
(equivalent to 62,000 shares) Within 12 million yen / month
Director
    Performance-based share remuneration (BBT )*
Linked to the Company’s medium- to long-term total shareholders return (TSR)
TSR = The rate of increase of the Company’s shares over a fixed period + The dividend rate over the fixed period (Total dividend ÷ Initial share price)
     Audit & Supervisory Board Member
  Training for Officers
Within 3 months of taking office
Yearly
Upon appointment
Providing opportunities to attend seminars on legal responsibilities pertaining to the Companies Act and the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, etc.
Training related to compliance in such areas as competition law, insider trading regulations, and anti-bribery
Explanations about the Group’s business, financial, and organizational status, as well as the management status, operating environment, and business issues from heads of relevant divisions or Executive Officers in charge
     Attending Officers
Timing of implementation
Content
    Newly appointed Officers
  All Officers
  Outside Directors/Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
  Basis for Outside Officer Appointments
   Name
  Basis of Appointment
   Number of Board of Directors meetings attended in FY2019
   Seiichi Tanaka
Keiji Yamada
Ryuhei Uchida
Kozue Shiga (Newly appointed)
Atsumi Harasawa
Shinsuke Kubo (Newly appointed)
Mr. Tanaka was appointed to contribute his experience and insight from his background with a master’s degree in marine engineering and career at Mitsui & Co., Ltd. in the Ship and Marine Project Division and as Representative Director from 2008 to 2014.
Mr. Yamada’s broad experience, personal networks, and insight from positions heading public administrative bodies will contribute to Group corporate governance. The Company looks forward to his astute advice on management and oversight of business execution.
Mr. Uchida offers astute advice and supervision of management and business execution from his abundant experience and insight enhancing corporate value from the perspective of shareholders. His input will help boost the Company’s medium- to long-term corporate value and ensure we fulfill the expectations of general shareholders and all stakeholders.
Ms. Shiga has professional knowledge and experience as a lawyer and has served as an Outside Director and Outside Auditor at several listed companies, including as an Outside Audit & Supervisory Board member of the Company since June 2016. She was appointed as an Outside Director for her tangible contribution to improving the auditing functions of the Group and to increase the diversity of the Board of Directors.
Ms. Harasawa has extensive professional knowledge and experience as a lawyer and in the transportation sector as a certified first- class aircraft maintenance technician at Japan Airlines Co., Ltd. Her presence as an Outside Officer on the Audit and Supervisory Board enhances Board diversity and the effectiveness of audits through an independent perspective.
Mr. Kubo is a certified accountant with wide-ranging experience and knowledge of auditing through positions at auditing firms in Japan and overseas, supporting companies seeking to list on stock exchanges, and related to corporate reorganization and M&A. He was appointed as an Outside Audit and Supervisory Board member to contribute an independent perspective to improve the effectiveness of the Company’s audits.
14 / 14 meetings 10 / 10 meetings 10 / 10 meetings
13 / 14 meetings* 10 / 10 meetings -
                  38
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
* Attendance at Board of Directors meetings as an Audit & Supervisory Board member in the previous fiscal year.
Outside Audit Outside Directors & Supervisory
Board Members

Messages from Outside Directors
 As described on page 35, the Company eagerly brings in outside officers to provide an external perspective that will help us raise our corporate value in the medium and long term. The current Outside Directors keep a constant eye on management from the perspectives of their personal careers and expertise and candidly provide opinions from the viewpoints of Outside Directors about the Company’s strengths, weaknesses or what needs to be changed, and what is necessary for the Company’s sustaining growth.
    Seiichi Tanaka
Outside Director
After nearly 30 years working in the shipping business of a general trading company and the last 10 years in human resources and corporate planning departments, I am fully aware of how difficult it is to run a shipping operation that relies heavily on market conditions. As a director, my main focus is to verify the soundness and feasibility of each year’s business plan and the medium-term management plan, and then on how each employee
Keiji Yamada
Outside Director
In my career, mostly serving in local governments, I have attended nearly 1,000 press conferences, which is probably the most of anyone at “K” LINE. That experience has instilled
in me the importance of counseling management not just on what it must do for legal compliance, but also what it should do from a balanced consideration of the point of views
of the Company, the other party,
can break down the plans into individual concrete action plans with clear timelines.
“K” LINE’s strength is its group of excellent and sincere employees. We have faced several years of a market plagued by chronic overcapacity of cargo space, creating business conditions preventing us from making the major investments our employees were hoping for. However, our continuous structural reform is finally starting to give us the framework to turn the ship. I would like our outstanding employees to expand their focus beyond their own areas of responsibility to apply our collective expertise as shipping professionals to meet the needs of our customers.
and a third party. My intention is to provide various perspectives for the Company in all aspects of
management.
Over “K” LINE’s long history it has forged an impressive
level of clarity in each department’s roles and responsibilities and of pride in each department has for its management structure. However, this can also be a weakness in times of rapid change and fractious fluidity. I believe my role is to
use my extensive experience in politics and government administration to communicate to management the changes in social trends.
   Ryuhei Uchida
Outside Director
My career work has been to invest in businesses and work with management teams to raise corporate value. To fulfill my fiduciary duty to shareholders, I seek to understand the real situation on the ground, listen to investor expectations, and determine the best course for raising corporate value. Then, using information that is as objective as possible, I do my utmost to present the shareholder perspective in discussions with the Board of Directors.
Kozue Shiga
Outside Director
No lawyer knows every law. I am constantly on alert and seeking new information and, while doing so, I pay close attention any time I start to feel “uneasy.” Invariably, a calm and careful examination reveals some point that is not right. When I feel uneasy, I always make sure to investigate.
“K” LINE has accumulated a wealth of experiences in its 100-year history that have been passed down as a strong spirit in its employees. company, this history has naturally
“K” LINE has built up considerable trust by flexibly responding to customer feedback, as it did by introducing Japan’s first pure car carrier and continuing to develop its carrier business. But there are also instances where investment seeking to pursue market shifts grew into a burden for management. The Company has integrated more sophisticated management that has helped it improve significantly in
this area in recent years. While maintaining our high level of operational safety and environmental performance, I believe it is important to further build on our competitive advantages.
Because it is a shipping
been created primarily by men. Today, the Company has numerous women interacting with its customers and business partners, and I would like to make their contributions another strength of the Company as quickly as possible.
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 39
 Value Creation Strategy

 At a Glance
   “K”LINE Group Operating Revenues by Segment (FY2019)
Segment
Business
    Dry Bulk
  Coal & Iron Ore Carrier Business / Bulk Carrier Business
  Others
4.4%
Product Logistics
5 2.3%
Consolidated Operating Revenues ¥735.3 Billion
Dry Bulk
3 1.8%
Energy Resource Transport
1 1.5%
Dry Bulk Carriers
183
Thermal Coal Carriers
29 LNG Carriers 47
   Energy Resource Transport
 Tanker Business / Fuel Strategy & Procurement Business
 Thermal Coal Carrier Business
 LNG Carrier Business / Offshore Business / Energy
New Business
  “K” LINE Group Vessels in Operation
(as of March 31, 2020)
Containerships 46 Short Sea and Coastal
Vessels
49
Car Carriers 89 FPSO 1
468 Vessels
            Drillship 1
Offshore Support Vessels 6
Oil Tankers 17 Owned and Chartered Ship Fleets (unit: Vessels)
 600 400 200
0
468
201
267
 Product Logistics
 Car Carrier Business
 Logistics and Port Business
 Short Sea and Coastal Business
 Containership Business
          '17
Owned ships
'18 '19
Chartered ships
(FY)
    40
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
Others

  Each year, we transport a large volume of dry bulk cargoes including iron ore, woodchip and pulp, grain and coal. We are expanding our business internationally by actively engaging in transportation of cargoes bound for not only Japan but also China, India and other emerging economies, as well as in trilateral transportation within the Atlantic region.
 Dry Bulk
Operating Revenues
(Unit: Billions of yen)
Ordinary Income
(Unit: Billions of yen)
300
200 100
273.8
4.5
3.0
1.5
4.4 4.1
‘18 ’19 (FY)
     233.8
     00 ‘18 ’19 (FY)
   We engage in marine transportation of crude oil and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG). Since delivering our first large crude tanker in 1935 and our first LPG carrier in 1974, we have developed a global business for customers both in Japan and overseas, accumulating expertise in marine technical and safety operation. In addition to procuring fuel for "K" LINE fleets, the Fuel Business contributes to enhancing environmental performance by supplying LNG fuel and also conducting demonstration testing of liquefied hydrogen carriers.
 This business involves transportation of coal, which is used as fuel for thermal power stations. Our “Corona Series” of wide-beam, shallow-draft coal carriers, developed in-house in accordance with port restrictions of Japan’s thermal power stations, provide safe and reliable transportation of coal mainly from Australia and Indonesia to power companies in Japan and Taiwan.
 We globally transport liquefied natural gas (LNG), a clean energy whose demand is increasing worldwide. In the Offshore Business, we provide Offshore Support Vessel (OSV) business in the North Sea and participates in Drillship project off Brazil and an FPSO (Floating Production Storage and Offloading System) off Ghana. In the Energy New Business, we provide services to customers with diversifying needs in the LNG value chain such as small-scale LNG transportation and develop green energy-related business.
 Energy Resource Transport
Operating Revenues
(Unit: Billions of yen)
Ordinary Income
(Unit: Billions of yen) 12
100 88.7 84.7
75 9
50 6
2.5
9.9
         25 3
00 ‘18 ’19 (FY)
‘18 ’19 (FY)
     Since 1970, when “K” LINE deployed Japan’s first pure car carrier (PCC) into the transportation service of complete built-up cars, we have been recognized as a pioneer in safe and prompt transportation of passenger cars, trucks and other vehicles. The business is applying its transportation quality honed over 50 years to further enhance its RORO cargo services (roll- on, roll-off cargo services using specialized handling equipment). Fleet maintenance is also conducted with special care for environmental factors.
 By combining the expertise and service networks of the entire “K” LINE Group, we provide comprehensive logistics services to meet various customer needs for sea transportation as
well as air transportation, tugboat, land transportation, warehousing, buyers consolidation, and automotive logistics business from auto parts to complete built-up cars. In addition, we operate container terminals at four ports in Japan, Tokyo, Yokohama, Osaka, and Kobe.
 Kawasaki Kinkai Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. provides domestic marine transportation and ferry services.
It operates passenger ferries, RORO cargo ships, dedicated carriers for limestone used in steel production, dedicated thermal coal carriers for electric power production and also general cargo carriers. It also operates general cargo vessels and bulk carriers for cargo to and from Asia. Furthermore, it has entered the offshore support vessel operations around Japan to further enhance the business.
 The containership business in April 2018 integrated the containership businesses of three Japanese shipping companies to form a new company, ONE. Drawing on its enhanced route network, it provides stable, reliable, high-quality and competitive services and is capable of swiftly adapting to changes in the environment.
 Product Logistics
Operating Revenues
(Unit: Billions of yen)
Ordinary Income
(Unit: Billions of yen)
600 400 200
0
‘18
0
-20
-40
-60
(2.9)
(49.2)
‘18 ’19 (FY)
    441.0
384.5
’19 (FY)
          The “K” LINE Group also operates businesses engaging in ship management services, travel agency services and real estate rental and administration services.
At the Vanguard of Value Creation
   Business Overview Operating Revenues and Ordinary Income by Segment
   “K” LINE REPORT 2020 41

 Business Overview
 Dry Bulk
Coal & Iron Ore Carrier Business / Bulk Carrier Business
Executive Officer Takahiko Tsurukawa In charge of Bulk Carrier Business, Dry Bulk Planning
  Panamax bulk carrier
 We aim to become an organization of choice that is trusted by customers and stakeholders.
  Basic Strategies
• Access customer needs
• Strictly maintain safety, quality, and environmental performance
• Strengthen earning power (efficient combination of voyage and
making use of market rate differentials over trading zones to
maximize profitability)
• Develop new fields (applying environmental shipping and
digital technology)
• Fortify asset management (optimize fleets, improve cost
competitiveness)
• Optimize the organization and cultivate global human resources
Strengths
• Integrated management of all sizes of vessels
• High-quality ship safety navigation and environmental
technologies
• Sales capabilities and strong customer base
• Medium- and long-term charter partners (shipowners) • Environmental shipping, digital technology, and other
innovative approaches
Overview of Fiscal 2019
Demand for dry bulk carrier transportation increased over the previous fiscal year as cargo movement was steady for coal, grain, and minor bulk items to China, India, and Southeast Asia while movement of iron ore from Brazil slowed in the latter part of the year. Vessel supply and demand did not significantly improve from the previous fiscal year as new shipbuilding continued
but the growth in the number of demolition slowed. Market conditions were weak overall for the year. Conditions were improving heading into the summer demand season in the first half but weakened in the second half as large vessel cargo volume declined with iron ore exports from Brazil and small- and medium- sized vessels saw slower grain cargo movement from South America and steam coal for China. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic affected cargo transportation demand for vessels of
all sizes at the end of the year. The Company responded to these conditions by stepping up efforts to reduce shipping costs and improve ship allocation efficiency. Despite these efforts, the Dry Bulk Business ultimately recorded overall year-on-year declines in both sales and profits for the year.
 Dry Bulk (all sizes) Fleet Ranking (Unit: 100,000 DWT) 400
 320.2 300
200 100 0
159.6
NYK Line
138.5
“K” LINE
136.6
Fredriksen Group
131.2
China Merchants
Source: Clarksons
     China COSCO Shipping
* as of June 2020
* Owned vessels and a part of chartered vessels
“K” LINE Cargo Tonnage Carried by Dry Bulk Carriers (Unit: Million tons) 200
  150 100
50
0
'15 '16
'17 '18
124
'19 (FY)
        42
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
* From fiscal 2017 onward, cargoes handled by the thermal coal carrier business are excluded.
  
 337.40
 714.50
1441.00
373.60 393.80 400.75 425.50 502.80 582.80 671.40 704.40 651.75 593.60
  631.40 610.80 610.00 608.80 601.20 590.40 644.00 695.20 724.80 734.80 681.00 641.60 645.80 683.60 704.60
Executive Officer Masatoshi Taguchi In charge of Coal and Iron Ore Carrier Business
  Cape-size Bulk Carrier
767.60 784.00 896.40
 907.80 885.80
 TOPICS Aiming to also be the industry environmental leader 905.40
869.40
Solutions navigating system (see page 28), combining LNG and otheralternativefuels,andmakingmaximumuseofwindpowerto reduce its greenhouse gas emissions to below the targets set for the international shipping industry.
The Dry Bulk Carriers Unit will continue constantly working to use its environmental and digital technologies to develop innovative approachestomeetcustomerneeds.
The Dry Bulk Carriers Unit is actively working to realize a sustainable
815.60 society.The8b46u.s6in0essisadvancingenvironmentaltechnologythrough
950.80
research with Airseas, a spin-off company of aircraft manufacturer
the innovative system on a large bulk vessel in fiscal 2021. The
1156.40
Airbus, into the Seawing automated kite system and plans to mount
1215.60
1196.80
Seawing system harnesses renewable wind energy to boost vessel
1151.20 propulsion1p0o0w7e.2r0andreducesCO2emissionsbyover20%(see
931.20
page 29). “K” LINE is employing the Kawasaki Integrated Maritime
967.00
914.20 933.20
Fiscal 2020 Business Strategies
865.80
784.80 Theglobaleco7n1o2.m00yhasbeengreatlyimpactedbytheCOVID-19
BDI (Baltic Dry Index)
'15 '16 '17 '18 '19
702.40
pandemic, and demand for dry bulk carriers has fallen sharply from
3,000 2,500
       814.40
2500
the sluggish worldwide demand for raw material transportation. At
890.20
 the same time, in the stagnant markets, increased demolition and
1041.40
decreased sup1p1l4y5o.2f0new ships has eased the supply and demand
2000 1206.20 115,500
2,000
 pressure for ships. We expect these circumstances to lead to an
 1314.80
1000
improving ship supply and demand balance, particularly for large
1,000
1239.60
size vessels, th1a2t6w7i.l7l5lead to a gradual recovery in market conditions.
500
  1252.50
500
We are optimizing our fleet of iron ore carriers by reducing
while maintaining a stable revenue base with medium- and long-
0
1142.80
0
 our number of ships in response to the recent dip in demand
‘20 (CY)
1026.25
* Freight rate index for ocean-going bulk carriers, as issued by the Baltic Exchange in London. (January 4, 1985 =1,000)
1007.80 969.40
term freight contracts for our high-quality transportation services.
in small and medium-sized vessels and woodchip and pulp
933.40
We will continue strengthening our market resilience
864.50
Dry Bulk Carrier Fleet (Unit: Vessels) 250
200 150 100
50 0
826.60
carriers by op8t6i2m.2i0zing our fleet composition and introducing
183
42 34 4 10 ‘19 (FY)
 852.80
new economical ships to update our fleets. We will also work
 907.40
to ensure we capture cargo demand and efficiently deploy
850.20
vessels to for8t5if9y.4p0rofitability.
89
4
 946.60
Especially during the unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic,
level of safe and secure cargo transportation.
 960.20
we will continue doing everything we can to provide the highest
991.80
 1070.80 1207.60 1229.20 1187.75 1256.00 1356.40 1446.80 1431.00 1348.60
'15
'16
Over-Panamax Small handy
'17
Panamax Woodchip
'18
 Cape-size Handymax
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 43
At the Vanguard of Value Creation

 Business Overview
  Energy Resource Transport
Tanker Business / Fuel Strategy & Procurement Business
Executive Officer Hisashi Nakayama In charge of Tankers, Fuel Strategy & Procurement
VLCC (Very Large Crude Carrier)
 We provide safe, high-quality transportation services playing role of one element of the entire energy value chain.
  Basic Strategies
• Maintain and expand medium- and long-term contracts with superior domestic and overseas customers
• Correspond to environmental regulations and protection needs
Strengths
• Safe operation and high-quality ship management from over 80 years of successful energy resource transportation
• Steady business transactions with superior domestic and overseas customers built on long-term relationships of trust
Overview of Fiscal 2019
VLCCs (Very Large Crude Carriers) and VLGCs (Very Large Liquefied Petroleum Gas Carrier) contributed to our earnings, particularly through medium- and long-term charter contracts.
We took steps to strengthen our resilience to market fluctuations by reducing our market exposure through the sale of two VLCCs and two medium-sized LPG carriers that had completed medium- and long-term charter contracts.
Fiscal 2020 Business Strategies
We expect market conditions to continue to be difficult to predict as it depends on a number of factors including how global demand recovers after the COVID-19 pandemic and how the U.S.-China trade friction plays out.
In these conditions, we will continue to provide high- quality services with our VLCC and VLGC fleets to our key customers through medium- and long-term contracts
and seek to smoothly transition to next-generation vessels anticipating future environmental regulations.
In the Fuel Strategy & Procurement Business, in 2020 we plan to launch an LNG fuel supply business in central Japan and a ship management business for an LNG fuel supply vessel in Singapore.
 Tanker Freight Index (WS: World Scale)
400
400
      300
300
 200
200
100
100
0
0
 '15 '16
Tanker Fleet (Unit: Vessels) 25
'17
'18
'19
‘20 (CY)
  20 15 10
5
0
'15
Oil Tankers/VLCC Chemical Tankers
17
5
  6
3 3
     44
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
'16
'17
'18
‘19 (FY)
Oil Tankers/AFRAMAX LPG Carriers
Petroleum Product Tankers/ LRll
  
    Energy Resource Transport
Thermal Coal Carrier Business
Executive Officer
Michitomo Iwashita In charge of Thermal Coal
Thermal coal carrier (Corona Series)
 We will contribute to deliver the fuel for base load electric-power plants by our high-quality dedicated thermal coal carrier fleet.
  Basic Strategies
• Maintain our fleet of dedicated thermal coal carrier fleet
• Provide flexible vessel deployment adapting to fluctuations in
coal demand
• Increase the number of medium- and long-term transportation
contracts, which contribute to earnings stability
• Ensure efficient vessel allocation and optimized operation
• Meet customer needs related to environmental responsibilities
and transportation quality control
Overview of Fiscal 2019
In fiscal 2019, we added five newly-built vessels to our fleet and continued steady operations for the whole fleet under mainly medium- and long-term transportation contracts. Although demand for coal is strongly affected by seasonal factors, careful fleet management and efficient vessel deployment generated stable earning through the year.
Strengths
• Long-term relationships of trust with electric power companies • High-quality transportation service built on dedicated thermal
coal carrier fleet and good ship management
• Wide-ranging expertise in thermal coal transportation
accumulated over many years
Fiscal 2020 Business Strategies
With the shutting down of nuclear power plants and delays restarting plants in Japan, we expect coal-fired power generation to continue to be an important source of electricity. Our high-quality dedicated thermal coal carrier fleet give us the flexibility to provide services in response to customers’ transportation needs.
We will highlight our strengths by improving vessel fuel efficiency and integrating various types of environmental equipment to continue meeting the medium- and long-term transportation needs of our customers.
  Reliable transportation by dedicated fleets TOPICS for Japan’s coal-fired thermal power stations
providing electricity nationwide
Coal-fired power generation is a stable and economical means of power supply and a highly important fuel source in light of Japan’s geographical limitations.
Japan’s coal-fired thermal power stations mainly use highly efficient ultrasupercritical pressure and integrated gasification combined cycle (IGCC) power generation technologies that give them world-class environmental performance.
The Long-term Energy Supply and Demand Outlook of Japan’s Agency for Natural Resources and Energy projects coal-fired power generation to supply 26% of domestic electricity needs in 2030. We will keep our dedicated thermal coal carrier fleet in top form and reduce our environmental footprint while continuing to provide steady support for transportation demand.
 Thermal Coal Carrier Fleet (unit: Vessels) 40
 30 20
10 0
'15 '16
'17 '18
29
‘19 (FY)
         “K” LINE REPORT 2020 45
At the Vanguard of Value Creation
  
 Business Overview
 Energy Resource Transport
LNG Carrier Business / Offshore Business / Energy New Business
Executive Officer Satoshi Kanamori In charge of LNG, Energy Business Planning
LNG Carrier
  We will accumulate the long-term stable energy business centered on LNG carriers.
Basic Strategies Strengths
  LNG Carrier Business
• Expand fleet of stable-earning vessels with medium- and long-term contracts • Flexibly respond to demand from developing countries and diversifying
customer needs
Offshore Business
• Broaden the stable profit base by stabilizing existing business earnings and developing new businesses
Energy New Business
• Respond to market needs in the LNG value chain
• Develop green energy-related businesses aligned to the IMO strategy to reduce
greenhouse gas emissions
LNG Carrier Fleet Ranking (including co-owned) (Unit: Vessels)
• Stable and long-term relationship with customers worldwide
• Safe and high-quality ship management and operation for over 35 years in LNG transportation
• A broad domestic and overseas partner network constructed through our wide range of businesses
• A stable earnings foundation based on long- term charter contracts
 100
75 50
25 0
89
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
78
NYK Line
65
Overview of Fiscal 2019
In the LNG Carrier Business, our existing fleets operated
smoothly and contributed to earnings as a business with 47 stable earnings on a solid base of medium- and long-term
     LNG Carrier Fleet (Unit: Vessels) 60
47
   * as of March 2020
Nakilat “K” LINE
Teekay
Source: “K” LINE
47
'19 (FY)
charter contracts. We also secured a stable source of future revenue by entering into a long-term charter contract for two LNG carriers to Petronas Group, Malaysia’s national petroleum and gas conglomerate. In addition, final investment decisions were made for several large projects, and we began exploring new plans to expand our fleet.
The Drillship and FPSO businesses maintained high fleet uptime and secured long-term profit stability with long-term charter contracts in Brazil and Ghana.
The OSV business reported a loss for the year despite a shift toward recovery in the offshore energy E&P business, which is developing an operation in the North Sea, and improving market conditions for OSV.
The Energy New Business responded to growing demand for small-scale LNG transportation, particularly in Southeast Asia, and for the concept of “gas to power.”
   45 30
15 0
'15 '16
'17 '18
       46
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
 
   FPSO (Floating Production Storage and Offloading System) (Provided by: Yinson Holdings Berhad)
  TOPICS Long-term LNG carrier charter contract with Petronas
In January 2020, we signed a 12-year contract (with an option to renew for an additional 12 years) to supply two new LNG carriers with capacity of 79,960 m3 to Petronas Group, Malaysia’s national petroleum and gas conglomerate. The vessels will be built by China's Hudong- Zhonghua Shipbuilding (Group) Co., Ltd., with the aim of commencing LNG transportation from Bintulu Port in Malaysia to Shenergy Group Co., Ltd., in China from 2022.
The contract is the first long-term charter contract by the
Petronas Group with a non-Malaysian company for newly built ships. The long-term contract builds on the strong relationship between Petronas and “K” LINE since we entered a two-year charter contract in 2014.
We will continue using the experience and networks we have accumulated in over 35 years transporting LNG to work with our trusted partners to develop various businesses related to LNG and meet the needs of the expanding energy value chain business.
Fiscal 2020 Business Strategies
In the LNG Carrier Business, we expect demand for LNG, a clean energy source, to grow in the long-term. In line with this demand growth, we will expand our LNG fleet as well
by acquiring long-term charter contracts which will increase stable earnings. We will also flexibly respond to demand from developing countries and diversifying customer needs.
In the Drillship and FPSO businesses, this year we decided to participate in the new FPSO project off Brazil, which we expect to lead to steady earnings under long-term charter contracts. The OSV business is anticipating declining demand and deteriorating business conditions after many oil and gas companies announced reduced development investment due to the COVID-19 pandemic and drop in oil prices. We keep trying to stabilize earnings by cutting costs and securing term contracts for each vessel with the aim of reducing exposure to market fluctuations.
In the Energy New Business, we will respond to demand for small-scale LNG transportation for customers in the LNG value chain and will create a new business model for green energy-related business aligned to the International Maritime Organization’s strategy for reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
Worldwide Demand for Primary Energy (Unit: Million ton-oil equivalent) 20,000
 15,000
10,000
5,000
0
'05
'17
Natural gas Hydropower
'25 '30
'35
4,860
4,617 3,625
770 1,245 2,748
‘40 (Year)
     Oil, Biomass, etc.
Nuclear power
* as of February 2019
Coal
Other Renewable Energy
Offshore Energy E&P Fleet (Unit: Vessels) 10
8
1 1
4 2
Source: BP Energy Outlook 2019
 8 6 4 2 0
'15
'16 '17
'18 '19 (FY)
      Drillship
Anchor handling tug supply vessels
FPSO
Platform supply vessels
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 47
At the Vanguard of Value Creation
 
 Business Overview
  Product Logistics
Car Carrier Business
Executive Officer Takenori Igarashi In charge of Car Carrier Business, Car Carrier Planning & Development, Car Carrier Quality and Operations
 Car Carrier
 We will use our outstanding transportation quality and global network to meet diversifying complete built-up cars and RORO freight transportation needs and build customer trust.
  Basic Strategies
• Provide high-quality transportation services to meet diversifying customer needs
• Use our RORO business to spearhead environmental operations and innovation to create new value aligned to customer and social needs
• Use these strategies to establish profitability and long-term growth potential
Car Carrier Fleet Ranking (Unit: Vessels)
Strengths
• A diverse fleet portfolio capable of providing high quality and cost competitive services for a wide variety of cargo
• Keep global service coverage and a flexible fleet size, which enables us to handle changes in cargo volume
• An integrated navigation support system that eliminates operation waste and inefficiency • Unwavering commitment and new technology development for world-class operation
quality aimed at zero cargo damage
• Synergies in the evolving complete built-up car logistics business from strong customer
relationships and high-quality service cultivated in our marine transportation business
 120 109 90
60 30 0
WWL ASA
Source: “K” LINE based on Clarksons Shipping Intelligence Network (May 2020)
Worldwide Car Ocean Transportation Volume (Unit: 10,000 Vehicles)
Overview of Fiscal 2019
The automobile markets in major countries confronted various issues in fiscal 2019, including political unrest in the Middle East, the U.S.-China trade friction, Britain’s departure from the European Union, the slow economic recovery in Argentina, and slowing auto sales in Australia. The total volume of complete built-up cars exported from Japan in fiscal 2019 was 4.82 million units, essentially unchanged from the previous year, and demand for marine transportation declined as global sea cargo movement contracted 2.1% to 16.91 million units.
The total volume of complete built-up cars shipped
by the “K” LINE Group was 3.33 million vehicles in fiscal 2019,
a roughly 8.0% decline from the 3.62 million vehicles in the previous fiscal year as volume was firm on routes in the Far East, but the Group suspended and reorganized operations on some unprofitable routes, including trilateral transportation.
To offset the impact of the reduced volume of transported vehicles, we implemented several measures to improve profitability, including enhancing shipping operation efficiency, adjusting freight rates, and optimizing the size of our fleet. As a result, although sales declined from the previous year, we successfully raised the operation into the black.
 104
102
 84
76
        2,000 1,500 1,000
500
0 '15
'16 '17 '18
1,691
'19 (CY)
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines
NYK Line
“K” LINE
GLOVIS
          48
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
Source: Calculated by “K” LINE based on IHS Automotive data (May 2020 update)
  
   Car Carrier
   TOPICS
We aim to improve our services with environmental and innovative operations as a logistic partner.
In fiscal 2020, we will raise the value-added of our transportation services and actively work to meet environmental regulations, both of which will make great strides forward with the completion of LNG- fueled carriers.
One of the innovations we will implement is using the
Kawasaki Integrated Maritime Solutions navigating system (see page 28) to optimize our shipping operations with real-time visualization of ship operating data. We will also employ the latest technologies to educate cargo handling personnel and raise the quality of our cargo handling operations.
Fiscal 2020 Business Strategies
Vehicles Transported by “K” LINE (Unit: 10,000 Vehicles) 400
333
'19 (FY)
   In fiscal 2020, we plan to expand customer and cargo segment
portfolios to solidify our earnings base while also cutting costs
to increase our competitiveness and develop our business.
At this point, we are anticipating the worldwide COVID-19
pandemic leading to a sharp decline in demand for marine
transportation, but plan to minimize the impact on earnings
by improving fleet utilization and adjusting the size of our fleet
by scrapping aging vessels. Car Carrier Fleet (Unit: Vessels)
 300 200 100
0
We will also reorganize our service networks and
strengthen our business base so we can quickly and flexibly
respond to increasingly complex and changing trade structure.
We currently have 13 car carriers in our services, with a
7,500-vehicle capacity in each. We will strive to enhance 80 our earnings base by making maximum use of large next-
generation vessels equipped with significant capacity for
loading construction machineries and rail cars with excellent 60 fuel-efficient performance.
40
20
'15 '16
'17 '18
      120 100
89
14
    15
39
     As we implement measures to improve our
environmental performance and introduce our innovation,
we will also be focused on another important initiative,
which is to strengthen cooperation inside and outside the
Company and reformulate our business structure to build 0 our next-generation business model.
5
    '15 '16
'17 '18
5 4
7
'19 (FY)
7,000-vehicle capacity 4,000-vehicle capacity
Less than 2,000-vehicle capacity
5,000-vehicle capacity
2,000-vehicle capacity
(Includes short-term charter)
6,000-vehicle capacity 3,000-vehicle capacity
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 49
At the Vanguard of Value Creation
 
 Business Overview
 Product Logistics
Logistics and Port Business
Executive Officer Keiji Kubo In charge of Port Business, Logistics, Affiliated Business Promotion
  Truck operated by Group company in Thailand
 We deploy the Group’s comprehensive strength to deliver high-quality logistics services.
  Basic Strategies
• Create and strengthen business models across Group companies
• Reorganize and expand our global networks
• Strengthen locally-oriented logistics services, focused on the
ASEAN region
• Develop project cargo freight service through collaboration
between Group companies
• Expand buyers consolidation*1 services
• Fortify the competitiveness of our domestic container terminals
Overview of Fiscal 2019
The domestic logistics business saw a decline in freight volume when the COVID-19 pandemic emerged at the end of the fiscal year. Tugboat business, air, and sea transportation were slowed while the warehousing business remained firm. The domestic terminals are effectively using its assets through KLKG Holdings Co., Ltd., a joint company established by “K” LINE and Kamigumi Co., Ltd. launched in fiscal 2019. The cooperative synergy effect with Kamigumi generated substantial business for our domestic terminal subsidiary even as the U.S.-China trade friction reduced the volume of sea container cargo.
In international logistics business, the U.S.-China trade friction caused a shift in shipment origins from China to Southeast Asia as to cargo movement to North America, particularly in the buyers consolidation segment. Shipments from China also plummeted temporarily when the COVID-19 pandemic began. Our international air freight handling volume also declined from last year inside Asia and for shipments to Europe and the United States.
Strengths
• Use of the “K” LINE Group’s assets and global network
• Intra-group sharing and development of customer-first business
model
• Ability to make proposals informed by our accumulated
expertise and technological capabilities
*1. Buyers consolidation: Consolidation-distribution system in which a single buyer uses an agent to collect products from multiple local manufacturers and load them into containers for transportation to destination, providing greater shipping efficiency and reduction in cost, lead time, inventory and warehouse work.
Fiscal 2020 Business Strategies
The domestic logistics business will seek to establish a
stable profit flow centered on the tugboat, land and sea intermodal transportation, and warehousing businesses. We will also deepen our cooperation with Kamigumi to improve our service efficiency, enhance our cost competitiveness,
and raise our asset utilization efficiency. The domestic port business will continue to provide high-standard, high-quality terminal management and operations for the increasingly larger containerships. We are presently preparing to move our terminal at Yokohama Port from Daikoku to Minami Honmoku.
In international logistics business, anticipating continued brisk demand for e-commerce-related shipments, we will provide high value-added logistics services such as buyers consolidation, and fill out our business operations with expanded business sites and service menus.
We will also accelerate the restructuring of the global network of “K” Line Logistics, Ltd. and the expansion of the customer base of our NVOCC business*2 to offer high-quality logistics services using the comprehensive strength of the Group.
*2. NVOCC business: Freight transportation business that includes incidental services, such as cargo handling, as an intermediary between shippers and carriers, during the cargo transportation process.
 50
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
  
 At the Vanguard of Value Creation
TOPICS Creating a truly global automotive logistics service
In fiscal 2020, we moved the automotive logistics business from the car carrier business division to the logistics business division to enable us to offer fully integrated automobile logistics services from auto parts to complete built-up cars.
Our automotive logistics offers a wide range of services spanning terminals, land transportation, pre-delivery inspection*, installation, and warehousing with our main bases across Asia and
Australia and in South and Central America, including Mexico, Chile, and Brazil. Our newest service addition in February 2020 is a maintenance and cleaning facility for vehicles being prepared for export at complete built-up car terminal opened by a business partner in Mexico.
* Pre-delivery inspection (PDI) is vehicle inspection and maintenance prior to delivery to ensure a vehicle is fully functional. A PDI includes some basic installation work as per request by the customer.
“K” LINE Group Locally-Oriented Comprehensive Logistics Services in Asia
United Arab Emirates
India Bangladesh
Complete built-up car transportation service
Two-wheeler transportation service
Pre-Delivery Inspection (PDI)
Land transportation (container transportation service / truck transportation service)
Warehousing business Cold storage business NVOCC business In-house logistics
China
Myanmar
Thailand
Malaysia
Singapore
South Korea
Hong Kong Taiwan
India: Land transportation
Australia: PDI
Indonesia: Complete built- up car transportation
China: Warehousing business
Thailand: Cold storage business
Vietnam: Cold storage business
Cambodia
Vietnam
Indonesia
Philippines
Australia
Cold storage facility in Vietnam
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 51

 Business Overview
 Product Logistics
Short Sea and Coastal Business
Executive Officer Keiji Kubo In charge of Port Business, Logistics, Affiliated Business Promotion
 RORO vessel operated by KAWASAKI KINKAI KISEN KAISHA, LTD.
 We will promote the modal shift in our Coastal Business, improve the profitability of our Short Sea Business, and enhance our OSV* business.
  Basic Strategies
• Improve profitability of the Coastal Business by promoting modal shift
• Capture market conditions and customer needs to maintain commercial rights and improve the Short Sea Business profitability
• Increase profitability by expanding the OSV business into peripheral fields
Strengths
• Ability to fully meet customer demands in the changing Short Sea and domestic logistics business conditions
• Multi-faceted businesses such as international, coastal, and OSV businesses • OSV business in line with government policies
• Modal shift in response to the shortage of truck drivers
* OSV: Offshore support vessel
Overview of Fiscal 2019
The Short Sea business recorded a loss for the year amid a decrease in cargo volume, reduced operations, including charter vessels, and weak market conditions. The Coastal Business handled approximately the same cargo volume as in the previous year but profits increased as lower depreciation and amortization and dock fees more than offset reduced revenue owing to lower fuel surcharges because of the drop in fuel prices and due to reduced cargo space usage for redeliveries. OSV business activities included supporting Nankai Trough excavation operations and participating in rescue work. The results of these activities were declines in sales and profits from the previous year for the Short Sea and Coastal Business.
Fiscal 2020 Business Strategies
The Short Sea business will continue to closely monitor the changes in business conditions during the COVID-19 pandemic and seek
to maintain our commercial rights and sustain stable earnings by properly grasping market and customer trends to provide an effective fleet composition. The Coastal Business will also keep close tabs on the pandemic and maintain earnings by responding appropriately and advancing the modal shift for RORO vessel and ferry services and maintaining stable earnings. The OSV business is planning to enter related areas with business potential and attract new customers.
  Increased ferry routes from TOPICS Hachinohe Port in
Aomori Prefecture
In April 2020, we responded to customer demand and revised daily round-trip ferry services on the route between Miyako Port in Iwate Prefecture, Hachinohe Port in Aomori Prefecture, and Muroran Port in Hokkaido to a round-trip route between Hachinohe and Muroran. The new schedule complements the four daily crossings between Hachinohe Port and Tomakomai Port. We will continue to be responsive to changing customer needs and enhance the efficiency of our route management.
 Short Sea and Coastal Business Fleet (Unit: Vessels) 60
      40
20
0
49
17
5 5 1
 21
   52
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
'15
'16
'17
'18
‘19 (FY)
Short sea vessels OSV
Coastal vessels Other
Ferry
   
   Product Logistics
Containership Business
Managing Executive Officer Daisuke Arai Responsible for Containerships Unit, Information System, AI/Digitalization Strategy Unit
Containership
  Ocean Network Express (ONE) achieved full-year profitability in fiscal 2019.
 Overview of Fiscal 2019
Equity-method affiliate ONE made great strides in its second year of operation as scrupulous marketing along with sales activity momentum generated improvement in cargo volume, container capacity utilization, and the cargo mix in the first half of the fiscal year. We also took steps to enhance profitability
by reorganizing and consolidating routes to lower operating costs and by trimming variable expenses. Although cargo movement slowed in the second half due to the COVID-19 pandemic, flexibly scaling back our service enabled us to raise profits year on year despite a dip in sales.
Fiscal 2020 Business Strategies
The COVID-19 pandemic has the potential to strongly impact earnings in fiscal 2020, and we are preparing for diminished demand during the year by reorganizing and streamlining our route structure and cutting back our service to lower our costs.
Trade Capacity Share by Alliance (as of June 2020) Others
  11%
THE Alliance
30%
Others
1%
THE Alliance
23%
OCEAN Alliance
39%
2M
Asia – North 20% America Trade
  Routes
Asia – Europe Trade Routes
OCEAN Alliance
39%
2M
37%
Source: Alphaliner
      THE Alliance: ONE, Hapag-Lloyd (UASC), Yang Ming OCEAN Alliance: CMA CGM, COSCO, Evergreen, OOCL 2M: MSC, Maersk
Transition of SCFI (Shanghai Containerized Freight Index) (Unit: USD) 606,000
            Containership Fleet (unit: Vessels) 90
60
4000
5000
4,000
 3000
 2000 1000
2,000
 0
North America East Coast
The Mediterranean
46
12
7 7 7
‘19 (FY)
 30 0 13
0
'11 '12
North America West Coast Northern Europe
'15 '16
'17 '18 '19
‘20 (CY)
  '13 '14
   14,000 TEU model 4,200 TEU model
Source: Shanghai Shipping Exchange
'15
'16 '17
8,000 TEU model 1,700 TEU model
'18
5,500 TEU model 1,200 TEU model
* SCFI: Shanghai Containerized Freight Index * MED/N.EUR $ /TEU, USWC/USEC $ /FEU
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 53
At the Vanguard of Value Creation
  
Financial and ESG Highlights*1
Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. and consolidated subsidiaries Consolidated fiscal years ended March 31
 Operating Revenues, Ordinary Income (Unit: Billions of yen) 1,500
Ordinary income (right scale) 180
Operating revenues (left scale)
1,162.0
836.7
00
     1,000 985.1 500
972.3
1,134.8
28.6
1,224.1
32.5
1,352.4
49.0
1,243.9
3.3
1,030.2
120
60
        47.4
735.3
7.4
  -500 (49.0) '10 '11
(52.4)
2.0
'17 '18
(48.9) -60 '19 (FY)
 '12 '13 '14 '15 '16
Operating revenues fell 12.1% year on year in fiscal 2019. The decline comes in the wake of the integration of the containership business into Ocean Network Express Pte. Ltd. (ONE) in fiscal 2018, which led to a portion of the containership business’s revenue being taken off the books and also included structural reform of the containership and small- and medium-sized dry bulk vessels. In fiscal 2019, the result of that structural reform, major route reorganization and rationalization and rate restoration efforts that brought the car carrier business into the black, and the vast improvement in ONE earnings that also brought it into the black combined to establish a broader base of stable profits and lift overall ordinary income to a positive ¥7.4 billion.
 Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent (Unit: Billions of yen), Return on Equity (ROE) (Unit: %)
Profit attributable to owners of the parent (left scale)
Return 40
0 -40 -80 -120 -160
on equity (ROE) (right scale)
 10.4 4.8
'17
5.3
20 5.1 0
-20 -40 -60 -80
(139.5)
(48.5)
'16
The structural reform implemented in fiscal 2018, the attainment of profitability from the greatly improved performances of the car carrier business and ONE, and the broader base of stable profits produced a significant increase in profit attributable to owners of the parent and lifted ROE to 5.1%.
(51.5)
(12.9)
'15
(111.2)
(69.4)
'18
’19 (FY)
     Total Assets (Unit: Billions of yen), Return on Assets (ROA)*2 (Unit: %)
Total assets (left scale)
Return on assets (ROA) (right scale)
1,500 1,000 500 0 -500 -1,000 -1,500
1,115.2
0.3
6 896.1 4
2 0.8 0
 1,045.2
(4.8)
'16
The vast improvement and attainment of positive profit attributable to owners of the parent lifted ROA into the positive in fiscal 2019.
1,036.9
0.2
'17
951.3
(4.9)
'18
-2 -4 -6
     '15
'19 (FY)
 Cash Dividends per Share (Unit: Yen), Dividend Payout Ratio (Unit: %)
■Cash dividends per share (left scale) Dividend payout ratio (right scale)
8 6 4 2 0
5.00
'15
0.00
'16
0.00
'17
0.00
'18
0.00
40
30
20
10
   0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00 0 ’19 (FY)
In fiscal 2019, we regrettably maintained the suspension of dividend payments while we continued to prioritize improving our financial condition and stabilizing our business base.
 Cash Flows (Unit: Billions of yen) ■Cash flows from operating activities  
Free cash flows 80
39.6
-80
Cash flows from investing activities
 40 0
 10.1 (43.9) (24.9) -40 (29.6)
1.2 (6.8) (35.5) (21.8)
 '15 '16
(68.8)
(22.8)
(2 0.3)
(4 2.1)
’19 (FY)
(21.6)
'17 '18
(42.3)
 Free cash flows were negative ¥42.1 billion in fiscal 2019 owing to the acquisition of vessels and payments associated with cancellation of chartered vessels as part of the structural reform in fiscal 2018.
54
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
*1. Rounded to the nearest ¥0.1 billion yen (except for cash dividends per share/dividend payout ratios)
*2. “Partial Amendments to the Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting” (ASBJ Statement No. 28, issued on February 16, 2018), etc. has been applied from the
beginning of fiscal 2018, and applied retroactively to the total assets and return on assets for fiscal 2017 for recalculation.

  Equity Capital (Unit: Billions of yen), Equity Ratio (Unit: %) Equity capital (left scale)
Equity ratio (right scale) 400 355.4
300 31.9 200
100
The equity ratio rose to 11.3% in fiscal 2019, essentially unchanged from the previous fiscal year, as an increase in shareholders’ equity, mainly from the rise in profit attributable to owners of the parent, was offset by a decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income. We are actively implementing measures to bolster equity capital as quickly as possible.
   219.5
21.0
217.0
40 30 20
20.8
 11.3 10 00
'15 '16 '17 '18 ’19 (FY)
103.6
101.1
10.9
 Interest-Bearing Liabilities (Unit: Billions of yen), Debt Equity Ratio (DER) (Unit: Times)
Interest-bearing liabilities (left scale) Debt equity ratio (DER) (right scale) 800
 600 525.2 400
200
550.5 570.6
2.51
550.2
5.31
8 543.5 6
   1.48
00 '15 '16 '17 '18 ’19 (FY)
Interest-bearing liabilities amounted to ¥543.5 billion and DER was 5.38 times in fiscal 2019, essentially unchanged from the previous fiscal year.
2.63
4
2
5.3 8
 Number of Vessels in Operation (consolidated) (Unit: Vessels) 800
575
0
 600 400 200
560 554
520
   '15 '16 '17 '18
468
’19 (FY)
We continue to take steps to establish a core fleet of vessels, except short- term charters, that is resilient to market fluctuations.
 Improvement Rate of CO2 Emissions Reduction Base for 2011 (Unit: %)
0 -5 -10 -15 -20
  0.00
(4.47) (7.92)
(9.58) (11.01)
'14 '15
(10.46) (11.42)
(15.43)
(1 7.2 8)
'16 '17 '18 ’19 (CY)
    '11
'12 '13
We are reducing the CO2 emissions of our fleet by introducing environmentally friendly vessels and enhancing fleet operational efficiency. In 2019, we lowered CO2 emissions by approximately 2% from 2018, bringing the total reduction from 2011 to 17.28%.
 Number of Employees (consolidated) (Unit: People) 10,000
 8,097
8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
0
8,018
7,153
    '15 '16
6,022
'17 '18
6,164
’19 (FY)
We seek to secure and train outstanding employees to maintain our world- class level of safety in navigation and cargo operations.
 Percentage of Women (unconsolidated) (Unit: %) 30
 25
20
0
26.3
24.9 25.1
25.8 25.7
'18 ’19 (FY)
    '15 '16 '17
We are advancing measures to ensure our employees can be globally active irrespective of their gender.
 Please view this information in conjunction with the important financial data for the past 10 years on pages 56 and 57.
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 55
Financial Section / Corporate Data

10-Year Financial and ESG Data
Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. and consolidated subsidiaries Years ended March 31
The Evolution of Medium-Term Management Plans
“K” LINE Vision 100 “Synergy for All
   Financial position (at year-end)
Net assets
Equity capital *5 291,669 242,572 340,571
Interest-bearing liabilities
Capital expenditures 148,993 239,196 134,554
Depreciation and amortization
Cash flows from operating activities 84,901 (2,908) 59,756
Cash flows from investing activities
Free cash flows 30,785 (86,142) 32,544
Cash flows from financing activities
Net assets (¥)
Cash dividends applicable to the year (¥) 9.50 – 2.50
Dividend payout ratio (%)
Return on equity (ROE) *6 (%) 10.2 (15.5) 3.7
Return on assets (ROA) *7 (%)
Debt equity ratio (DER) *8 (Times) 1.66 2.44 1.85
Equity ratio (%)
Fuel oil price (US$ / ton)
At sea 186 178 178
Women (%)
Persons with disabilities (%) 1.60 1.60 1.90
Industrial accidents
At sea 0 0 1
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
CO2 emissions (thousands of tons)
On land
SOx emissions (thousands of tons) 208 214 209
NOx emissions (thousands of tons)
“KV” 2010
New Challenges
FY2010 FY2011
FY2012
    Operating revenues ¥985,084 ¥972,310 ¥1,134,771
 Operating income
Ordinary income *4 47,350 (48,955) 28,589
Profit attributable to owners of the parent
58,609
30,603
314,986
483,362
44,722
(54,116)
(24,796)
23.7
4.6
28.2
18.9
11,838
308
0
3
(40,563)
(41,351)
259,934
592,522
50,044
(83,233)
86,306
(4.7)
22.7
22.9
323
–
0
14,886
10,669
      Total assets 1,032,505 1,066,648 1,180,433
361,975
629,864
59,667
(27,212)
26,364
          Per share data
Profit attributable to owners of the parent (¥) 40.08 (54.14) 12.07
381.87
317.59
363.18
20.7
       Management index
2.5
28.9
      Average during the period
Exchange rate (¥ / US$) 86 79 82
489
672
671
          Consolidated business data
Vessels in operation *9 522 559 566
       Human resource data
Consolidated employees
Unconsolidated employees 623 664 659
On land
7,895
437
7,703
486
7,667
481
22.8
 12,352
319
0
   Management *10
Directors 14 13 13
Outside Directors
Audit & Supervisory Board Members 5 5 5
2
2
3
2
3
     Environmental data *11
Fuel oil (thousands of tons) 3,802 3,949 3,966
12,298
      56
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
Operating results (for the year)
*1. Rounded down to the nearest million yen
*2. “Partial Amendments to the Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting” (ASBJ Statement No. 28, issued on February 16, 2018), etc. has been applied from the beginning
of fiscal 2018, and applied retroactively to the total assets and return on assets for fiscal 2017 for recalculation.
*3. TheCompanyconsolidateditscommonstockataratiooftensharestooneshare,effectiveOctober1,2017.Theabovefiguresforprofitattributabletoownersoftheparentper
share and net assets per share have been calculated on the assumption that the share consolidation took place at the beginning of the previous fiscal year (April 1, 2016). *4. Ordinary income consists of operating income and non-operating income or expense.
*5. Equity capital: Net assets – (Non-controlling interests + Stock acquisition rights)

  ¥1,224,126 ¥1,352,421 ¥1,243,932 ¥1,030,191 ¥1,162,025
  ¥836,731
 ¥735,284
28,854
47,988
9,427
(46,037)
7,219
(24,736)
6,840
32,454 48,980 3,338 (52,388) 1,962 (48,933)
7,407
 16,642
 26,818
 (51,499)
 (139,478)
 10,384
 (111,188)
 5,269
1,254,741 1,223,328 1,115,223 1,045,209 1,036,886*2 951,261
 896,081
410,688
467,440
379,913
245,482
243,094
181,233
200,234
388,837 441,531 355,375 219,484 217,010 103,576
101,095
643,794
536,846
525,152
550,512
570,584
550,211
543,451
93,377 89,501 116,592 68,048 101,105 97,911
81,148
52,243
53,526
48,302
47,421
43,410
40,789
44,253
88,228 101,825 39,635 (43,919) 1,167 (6,808)
(21,797)
(5,113)
(11,177)
(29,569)
(24,881)
(22,813)
(35,493)
(20,286)
83,115 90,648 10,066 (68,801) (21,646) (42,303)
(42,083)
 (26,634)
 (119,253)
 (14,835)
 26,436
 22,239
 19,290
 16,731
  17.75 28.60 (54.95) (1,488.23)*3 111.13*3 (1,192.08)*3
 5 6.5 0*3
414.66
471.10
379.18
2,341.93*3
2,326.65*3
1,110.48*3
1,0 8 3.8 8*3
4.50 8.50 5.00 – – –
–
 25.4
 29.7
 –
 –
 –
 –
 –
4.6 6.5 (12.9) (48.5) 4.8 (69.4)
 5.1
2.7
4.0
0.3
(4.8)
0.2*2
(4.9)
0.8
1.66 1.22 1.48 2.51 2.63 5.31
5.3 8
 31.0
 36.1
 31.9
 21.0
 20.9
 10.9
 1 1.3
 100 109 121 109 111 111
109
 626
 541
 295
 265
 349
 450
 467
  583 584 575 560 554 520
 468
  7,703
 7,834
 8,097
 8,018
 7,153
 6,022
 6,164
652 676 716 735 724 756
767
478
504
541
552
531
552
562
174 172 175 183 193 204
205
24.4
25.4
26.3
24.9
25.1
25.8
2 5.7
1.93 1.87 1.94 2.29 2.40 2.05
1.9 6
0
0
0
1
2
0
0
310111
0
 13 10 9 9 9 9
 10
2
2
2
3
3
3
4
444433
4
 3
 3
 3
 2
 2
 2
 2
 3,651 3,646 3,942 3,872 4,102 3,824
3,140
11,377
11,360
12,300
12,079
12,797
11,932
9,800
190 182 190 183 195 188
130
 292
 283
 290
 274
 284
 262
 203
 Financial Section / Corporate Data
  and Sustainable Growth”
Bridge to the Future
FY2013 FY2014
  Value for our Next Century
  FY2015
– Action for Future –
FY2016
Revival for Greater Strides
FY2017 FY2018
FY2019
(Millions of yen) *1
    *6. Return on equity: Profit attributable to owners of the parent / Equity capital *7. Return on assets: Ordinary income / Total assets
*8. Debt equity ratio: Interest-bearing liabilities / Equity capital
*9. Includes project-use vessels owned by special purpose companies (SPCs) *10. For Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd.
*11. Total amounts calculated based on fuels supplied to vessels (the number of the vessels do not agree with that of vessels in operation), for which“K”LINE arranged fueling (including the portion purchased by ONE, to which all “K” LINE containerships have been chartered out). The figures are calculated on a calendar year basis.
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 57

Financial Analysis
 Results of Operations
Operating revenues
In fiscal 2019, ended March 31, 2020, the “K” LINE Group reported consolidated operating revenues of ¥735,284 million, down 12.1% from fiscal 2018. By segment, operating revenues in Dry Bulk Segment declined 14.6% to ¥233,781 million. In the first half of fiscal 2019, although the market for large vessels improved and the small and medium vessels market was brisk, all size market weakened
in the second half, and the COVID-19 pandemic caused an overall decline in demand.
The Energy Resource Transport segment recorded a 4.5% decline in operating revenues to ¥84,676 million. Medium- and long- term charter contracts supported steady operations in the tanker and thermal coal carrier businesses and as well as in the LNG carrier and offshore energy E&P businesses. Business conditions for the offshore support vessel operations also recovered and the supply and demand balance improved.
The Product Logistics segment posted a 12.8% decline in operating revenues to ¥384,508 million. The car carrier business reduced its volume of transported vehicles as it streamlined some unprofitable routes, including trilateral transportation, by rerouting or halting operations. The logistics business recorded a sharp decline in cargo volume in domestic business at the end of the fiscal year due to COVID-19 pandemic. In the international logistics business air freight handling declined year on year. In the short sea and coastal business, lumber and coal transport volume declined year on year in the short sea business, while coastal business transport volume increased. In the containership business Ocean Network Express Pte. Ltd. (ONE) implemented measures to improve the profitability of, but cargo movement slowed in the second half due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Operating revenues in the Other segment declined 2.6% from the previous fiscal year.
Cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses
Cost of sales amounted to ¥671,387 million, a 16.1% or ¥129,110 million decline from ¥800,497 million in the previous fiscal year, due largely to the route rationalization and improved fleet efficiency in the car carrier business. The cost of sales ratio decreased 4.4 points to 91.3%. Selling, general and administrative expenses amounted to ¥57,057 million, a 6.4% or ¥3,913 million decline.
Operating income
Operating income amounted to ¥6,840 million, boosted by higher
 gross profit, up from a ¥24,736 million operating loss in the previous fiscal year.
Non-operating income (expenses)
Non-operating income amounted to ¥567 million, which was largely attributable to equity in earnings of subsidiaries and affiliates of ¥8,011 million. In the previous fiscal year, the Company recorded non-operating expense of ¥24,197 million with equity in loss of subsidiaries and affiliates of ¥18,875 million.
Profit before income taxes
Extraordinary income amounted to ¥10,203 million, which was largely due to gain on sales of vessels, property and equipment. Extraordinary losses amounted to ¥6,295 million, due mainly to loss on devaluation of investment securities and impairment loss. Profit before income taxes amounted to ¥11,315 million, versus loss before income taxes of ¥99,422 million in the previous fiscal year.
Income taxes
Income taxes amounted to ¥3,111 million, a decline of ¥6,248 million from ¥9,359 million in the previous fiscal year, due mainly to a decrease in deferred income taxes of the company submitting consolidated financial statements.
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests amounted to ¥2,934 million, up from ¥2,405 million in the previous fiscal year, largely attributable to an increase in profit attributable to non-controlling interests of primarily KLKG Holdings, Co., Ltd.
Profit attributable to owners of the parent
Profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to ¥5,269 million, versus a loss attributable to owners of the parent of ¥111,188 million in the previous fiscal year. Profit attributable to owners of the parent per share was ¥56.50, versus a loss attributable to owners of the parent per share of ¥1,192.08 in the previous fiscal year.
 Analysis of Sources of Capital and Liquidity
Cash flows
As of the end of the consolidated fiscal year, cash and cash equivalents stood at ¥111,933 million, a decline of ¥26,107 million from a year earlier. The details of cash flows are as follows.
  Operating Revenues / Operating Income
Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent / ROE
(Billions of yen) (Billions of yen) 150 40
0 -40 -80 -120 -50 -160
'10
Profit attributable to owners of the parent (left scale)
(Billions of yen) 1,500
1,000 500 0 -500
'10
735.3 100 50
(%) 5.3 20
5.1 0 -20
-40 -60 -80
                       58
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
Operating revenues (left scale)
Operating income (right scale)
'11
'12
'13
'14
'15
'16
'17
'18
6.8 0 '19 (FY)
'11
'12
'13
'14
'15
'16
'17
'18
ROE (right scale)
'19 (FY)

 Net cash used in operating activities amounted ¥21,797 million, compared with ¥6,808 million used in the previous consolidated fiscal year. The primary factor was payment for cancellation of chartered vessels.
Net cash used in investing activities totaled ¥20,286 million, compared with ¥35,493 million used in the previous consolidated fiscal year. The main element was purchase of vessels.
Net cash provided by financing activities amounted to ¥16,731 million, compared with ¥19,290 million provided in the previous consolidated fiscal year. The main factor was proceeds from long-term loans.
Funding requirements
The “K” LINE Group’s major working capital requirement comes from shipping business expenses in connection with dry bulk business and car carrier business. These expenses include operating costs such as port charges, cargo handling costs and fuel costs; vessel expenses such as crew expenses and expenses for overhaul of vessels; and chartering expenses. Other expenses are the costs of service operations such as labor costs in connection with the operation of our logistics business and general administrative expenses for the Group’s business operations such as personnel expenses, information processing costs and other non-personnel expenses. Capital requirements include investments in vessels, logistics facilities and terminal facilities. During the consolidated fiscal year, the “K” LINE Group made capital investments of ¥81,148 million.
Financial policy
The “K” LINE Group prioritizes securing low-cost, stable funds to support its business continuity and expansion. The Company meets long-term funding requirements mainly by means of long-term debt from financial institutions, supplemented by the issuance of bonds and new shares. The Company procures short-term operating funds through bank loans, the issuance of commercial paper, and other methods and invests temporary surplus funds in highly stable and liquid financial assets. The Company employs a cash management system to effectively utilize surplus funds of Group companies in Japan and overseas.
The Company secures liquidity by preparing for any urgent capital requirements through a ¥60.0 billion commercial paper issuance program and an ¥80.0 billion multi-year commitment line with financial institutions in Japan.
As of June 23, 2020, the Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. (JCR) maintained a rating on the Company of BBB- and a short-term credit rating (commercial paper rating) of J-2.
  Financial Position
At the end of the consolidated fiscal year, total assets amounted to ¥896,081 million, down ¥55,180 million from a year earlier.
Current assets were ¥259,032 million, a decline of ¥29,838 million largely attributable to reduced cash and deposits.
Fixed assets amounted to ¥637,048 million, a decrease of ¥25,342 million. Within this amount, vessels, property and equipment was ¥431,089 million, a decline of ¥17,542 million primarily due to a decrease in construction in progress. Investments and other assets amounted to ¥201,629 million, a decrease of ¥7,752 million mainly due to a decrease in investment in securities.
Total liabilities at the end of the consolidated fiscal year amounted to ¥695,847 million, down ¥74,181 million from a year earlier. Current liabilities were ¥236,139 million and fixed liabilities were to ¥459,707 million, mainly as a result of a decline in accounts and notes payable – trade alongside an increase in short-term loans.
Net assets at the end of the consolidated fiscal year totaled ¥200,234 million, an increase of ¥19,000 million from a year earlier. Within this amount, shareholders’ equity amounted to ¥108,852 million, mainly due to increases of ¥12,339 million in capital surpluses and ¥5,357 million in retained earnings. Accumulated other comprehensive income amounted to a loss of ¥7,756 million, down ¥20,179 million from a year earlier mainly due to a ¥8,885 million decline from translation adjustments.
 Dividend Policy
Maximizing return to shareholders is an important priority. The Company seeks to provide a stable dividend while retaining adequate reserves to conduct necessary capital investment and strengthen the Company’s financial position for sustainable growth, which is a main priority of the management plan.
A year-end dividend (record date: March 31 of each year)
is subject to resolution at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, and an interim dividend is distributed as prescribed in the Articles of Incorporation, “by resolution of the Board of Directors, an interim dividend may be distributed by the Company as of the record date of September 30 of each year.”
Management has determined that the current conditions, including the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic and ongoing U.S.- China trade friction, which are increasing concern about a global economic slowdown and a contraction in freight transport demand, require the Company to prioritize fortifying its financial standing and solidifying its business foundation. As such, management has regrettably decided that a year-end dividend will not be distributed for the fiscal year under review. At this time, it has not determined when dividend payments will resume.
Financial Section / Corporate Data
  Net Assets / Equity Ratio
(Billions of yen) 500
400 300 200 100
200.2
1 1.3
Interest-Bearing Liabilities / DER
(%) (Billions of yen) 50 750
40 600 30 450 20 300 10 150
(Times) 7.5
543.5 6.0 5.3 8
4.5 3.0 1.5
                              0000
'10 '11 '12 '13 '14 '15 '16 '17 '18 '19 (FY)
  '19 (FY) • Equity capital: Net assets – (Non-controlling interests + Stock acquisition rights)
'10 '11 '12 '13 '14 '15 '16 '17 '18
Net assets (left scale) Equity ratio (right scale) • Equity ratio: Equity capital / Total assets
Interest-bearing liabilities (left scale)
• DER: Interest-bearing liabilities / Equity capital
DER (Debt Equity Ratio) (right scale)
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 59

Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheet
Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries March 31, 2020
Assets
Current assets:
Cash and deposits (Notes 15 and 18) Accounts and notes receivable-trade (Note 15) Raw materials and supplies
Prepaid expenses and deferred charges Short-term loans receivable
Other current assets
Allowance for doubtful receivables
Total current assets
Non-current assets:
Vessels, property and equipment net of accumulated depreciation (Notes 5, 6, 11, 13 and 21):
Vessels
Buildings and structures Machinery, equipment and vehicles Land
Construction in progress
Other
Total vessels, property and equipment
Intangible assets:
Other intangible assets
Total intangible assets
Investments and other assets:
Investment securities (Notes 4, 6, 12 and 15) Long-term loans receivable
Asset for retirement benefits (Note 9) Deferred tax assets (Note 7)
Other non-current assets (Note 12) Allowance for doubtful receivables
Total investments and other assets
Total non-current assets
Total assets (Note 21)
(Millions of yen)
   ¥
2019
143,201 62,722 26,258 40,545
1,827 15,584 (1,267)
288,871
392,177 13,032 9,373 18,397 12,923 2,726
448,632
4,377
4,377
164,110 17,328 673 4,686 23,919
(1,336)
209,381
662,390
¥
2 0 2 0
115,394 60,022 25,859 41,302
2,019 15,649
(1,2 1 5)
259,032
375,507 12,438 9,874 18,336 8,532 6,399
431,089
4,329
4,329
150,993 16,857 600 5,877 28,377
(1,0 7 7)
201,629
637,048
                      ¥
951,261
¥
896,081
  60
“K” LINE REPORT 2020

Liabilities
Current liabilities:
Accounts and notes payable – trade (Note 15)
Short-term loans and current portion of long-term loans (Notes 6 and 15) Current portion of obligations under finance leases
Accrued income taxes (Note 7)
Allowance for loss related to the Anti-Monopoly Act
Allowance for loss on liquidation of subsidiaries and affiliates
Allowance for loss on chartering contracts
Allowance for bonuses
Allowance for directors’ bonuses
Other current liabilities (Note 6)
Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities:
Bonds (Notes 6 and 15)
Long-term loans, less current portion (Notes 6 and 15)
Obligations under finance leases, less current portion
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 7)
Deferred tax liabilities on land revaluation (Notes 7 and 13)
Allowance for directors’ and audit and supervisory board members’ retirement benefits Allowance for directors’ stock benefits
Accrued expenses for overhaul of vessels
Liability for retirement benefits (Note 9)
Derivative liabilities (Notes 15 and 16)
Other non-current liabilities
Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities
Net assets
Shareholders’ equity (Note 10):
Common stock
Authorized–200,000,000 shares in 2019 and 2020 Issued– 93,938,229 shares in 2019 and 2020
Capital surplus Retained earnings
Treasury stock – 666,319 shares in 2019 and 666,130 shares in 2020
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income:
Net unrealized holding gain (loss) on investments securities Deferred gain (loss) on hedges
Revaluation reserve for land (Note 13)
Translation adjustments
Retirement benefits liability adjustments
Total accumulated other comprehensive income Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
2019
57,836 86,423 11,364
1,711 3,783 91 15,135 2,556 254 100,195
279,352
10,000 405,706 34,909 9,633 1,174
894 19 12,251 6,228 6,208 3,649
490,675
770,028
75,457
1,383 16,692
(2,381)
91,152
4,414 2,999 4,655 4,063 (3,710)
12,423
77,657
181,233
¥ 951,261
2 0 2 0
¥ 47,673 104,576 15,633 2,118 834 113 16,474 2,344 155 46,214
236,139
7,000 379,104 34,136 7,609 1,174 377 16 11,548 7,313 7,277 4,147
459,707
695,847
75,457
13,723 22,050
(2,3 7 9)
108,852
148 (3,1 5 2)
4,631 (4,8 2 1) (4,5 6 2)
(7,7 5 6)
99,138
200,234
896,081
(Millions of yen)
   ¥
                      ¥
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 61
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

Consolidated Statement of Operations
Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year ended March 31, 2020
Marine transportation and other operating revenues (Note 21) Marine transportation and other operating costs and expenses
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating income (loss) Non-operating income:
Interest income (Note 21)
Dividend income
Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates (Note 21) Reversal of allowance for loss related to the Anti-Monopoly Act Exchange gain
Other non-operating income
Total non-operating income Non-operating expenses:
Interest expenses (Note 21)
Equity in losses of unconsolidated subsidiaries affiliates (Note 21) Exchange loss
Other non-operating expenses
Total non-operating expenses Ordinary income (loss) (Note 21)
Extraordinary income:
Gain on sales of vessels, property and equipment Gain on sales of investments securities (Note 4) Gain on liquidation of subsidiaries and affiliates Other extraordinary income
Total extraordinary income Extraordinary losses:
Loss on impairment of vessels and land(Notes 5 and 21) Loss on devaluation of investment securities (Note 4) Loss on cancellation of chartered vessels
Other extraordinary losses (Note 4)
Total extraordinary losses
Profit (loss) before income taxes
Income taxes (Note 7): Current
Deferred
Total income taxes Profit (loss)
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of the parent
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
(Millions of yen)
 2019
¥ 836,731 800,497
36,234
60,971
(24,736)
1,627 1,835 - 838 949 1,705
6,956
8,340 18,875 - 3,937
31,153
(48,933)
6,602 1,625 241 1,625
10,095
9,001 0 49,326 2,256
60,584
(99,422)
3,129 6,229
9,359
(108,782 )
2,405
¥ (111,188)
2020
¥ 735,284 671,387
63,897
57,057
6,840
1,123 2,565 8,011
375 - 1,608
13,685
10,177 - 1,583 1,357
13,117
7,407
4,756 1,264 2,989 1,192
10,203
604 5,260 - 431
6,295
11,315
3,392 (280)
3,111
8,204
2,934
5,269
                                    ¥
  62
“K” LINE REPORT 2020

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year ended March 31, 2020
Profit (loss)
Other comprehensive income (Note 17):
Net unrealized holding gain (loss) on investments securities Deferred gain (loss) on hedges
Translation adjustments
Retirement benefits liability adjustments
Share of other comprehensive income of subsidiaries and affiliates accounted for by the equity method
Total other comprehensive income Comprehensive income (Breakdown)
Comprehensive income attributable to owners of the parent Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests
(Millions of yen)
 2019
¥ (108,782)
(4,143) (5,545) 3,232 (1,009) 6,030
(1,435)
¥ (110,217)
¥ (113,557) 3,339
2020
¥ 8,204
(4,2 0 7) (4,0 9 4) (7,9 1 5)
(958) (3,8 9 3)
(21,069)
¥ (12,865)
¥ (14,886) 2,020
          “K” LINE REPORT 2020 63
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year ended March 31, 2020
(Millions of yen)
  Balance at April 1, 2018
Change in items during the year
Transfer to retained earnings from capital surplus
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of the parent Purchases of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Change in ownership interests due to transactions with non-controlling interests Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Net change in retained earnings from changes in scope of consolidation or equity method Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity
Net changes during the year
Balance at March 31, 2019
Balance at April 1, 2018
Change in items during the year
Transfer to retained earnings from capital surplus
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of the parent Purchases of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Change in ownership interests due to transactions with non-controlling interests Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Net change in retained earnings from changes in scope of consolidation or equity method Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity
Net change during the year
Balance at March 31, 2019
Common Capital Retained stock surplus earnings
¥ 75,457 ¥ 60,507 ¥ 67,107
Treasury stock
¥ (2,383)
Deferred gain (loss) on hedges
¥ 7,768
–
–
– –
– – –
(4,768)
¥ 2,999
Total net assets
¥ 243,094
Number of shares in issue (Thousands)
¥ 93,938
–
–
– –
– – – –
–
¥ 93,938
Revaluation reserve for land
¥ 6,184
Total shareholders’ equity
¥ 200,688
Net unrealized holding gain (loss) on investments securities
¥ 8,570
–
–
– –
– – –
(4,155)
¥ 4,414
 – –
–
–
¥ 75,457
– 1,529 – 242 – –
– 1,529
– 242
– – (4,155) (4,768)
– (59,002)
– –
– – – (1)
– (120)
59,002 – –
(111,188) – (111,188)
– (1) (1) – 42
– – (120)
 (59,124)
¥ 1,383
(50,414)
16,692
2
(109,536)
 ¥
¥ (2,381) ¥
91,152
 (Millions of yen)
 Translation adjustments
¥ (3,539)
Retirement benefits liability adjustments
¥ (2,661)
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
¥ 16,321
Non-controlling interests
¥ 26,083
  ––––––
– – –
– – – – – –
– – – – – – – – –
– –
– – – –
– – – – – –
(111,188)
(1) 2
(120) 1,529 242 47,676
(61,860)
¥ 181,233
(1,529) 7,603
(1,529) 7,603
¥ 4,655 ¥ 4,063
(1,048) (3,898) 51,574
(1,048) (3,898) 51,574
¥ (3,710) ¥ 12,423 ¥ 77,657
   64
“K” LINE REPORT 2020

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets (continued)
Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year ended March 31, 2020
(Millions of yen)
  Balance at April 1, 2019
Cumulative effects of change in accounting policies (Note 2) Restated balance
Change in items during the year
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Purchases of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Change in treasury stock arising from change in equity in entities accounted for under the equity method
Change in ownership interests due to transactions with non-controlling interests Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Net change in retained earnings from changes in scope of consolidation or equity method Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity
Net change during the year
Balance at March 31, 2020
Balance at April 1, 2019
Cumulative effects of change in accounting policies (Note 2) Restated balance
Change in items during the year
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Purchases of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Change in treasury stock arising from change in equity in entities accounted for under the equity method
Change in ownership interests due to transactions with non-controlling interests Reversal of revaluation reserve for land
Net change in retained earnings from changes in scope of consolidation or equity method Net changes in items other than shareholders’ equity
Net change during the year
Balance at March 31, 2020
( Thousands)
¥ 93,938
– 93,938
–
– –
–
– – – –
–
¥ 93,938
Revaluation reserve for land
¥ 4,655
– 4,655
–
– –
stock
¥ 75,457
– 75,457
–
– –
–
– – – –
–
¥ 75,457
Capital surplus
¥ 1,383
– 1,383
–
Retained earnings
¥ 16,692
Treasury stock
¥ (2,381)
Deferred gain (loss) on hedges
¥ 2,999
– 2,999
–
– –
–
– – –
(4,266) (6,152)
Number of shares in
issue Common
Total shareholders’ equity
¥ 91,152
Net unrealized holding gain (loss) on investments securities
¥4,414
 19 – 16,712 (2,381)
19 –
5,269 – 5,269
– (1) (1) (0) – 0 0
–
(0) – 2 1
12,340 ––
– – –
12,339
¥ 13,723
– 43 – 43 –
12,340 24 – 24
– – –
91,172
4,414
–
– –
–
–
 5,337 1
¥ 22,050 ¥ (2,379)
(Millions of yen)
17,679
¥ 108,852
(4,2 6 6)
¥ 148
(6,1 5 2)
¥ (3,152)
Total net assets
¥ 181,233
19 181,253
5,269
(1) 1
   Translation adjustments
¥ 4,063
– 4,063
–
– –
Retirement benefits liability adjustments
¥ (3,710)
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
¥ 12,423
Non-controlling interests
¥ 77,657
– 77,657
–
– –
  – – (3,710) 12,423
– –
–– ––
–––––0
––––– – – – – – –––––
(24) (8,885) (851) (20,179) 21,480
(24) (8,885) (851) (20,179) 21,480
¥ 4,631 ¥ (4,821) ¥ (4,562) ¥ (7,756) ¥ 99,138
12,340 24 43 1,300
18,980
¥ 200,234
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 65
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year ended March 31, 2020
Cash flows from operating activities:
Profit (loss) before income taxes
Depreciation and amortization
Increase (decrease) in liability for retirement benefits
(Increase) decrease in asset for retirement benefits
Increase (decrease) in retirement benefits liability adjustments
Increase (decrease) in allowance for directors’ and audit and supervisory board members’ retirement benefits Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses for overhaul of vessels
Increase (decrease) in allowance for loss related to business restructuring
Increase (decrease) in allowance for loss related to the Anti-Monopoly Act
Increase (decrease) in allowance for loss on chartering contracts
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Exchange gain, net
Loss on impairment of vessels, property and equipment
Equity in (earnings) losses of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates, net
Loss on cancellation of chartered vessels
Gain on sales of vessels, property and equipment, net
Gain sales of marketable securities and investments securities, net
Loss on devaluation of marketable securities and investment securities, net
Gain on liquidation of subsidiaries and affiliates
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
(Increase) decrease in accounts and notes receivable – trade
(Increase) decrease in raw materials and supplies
(Increase) decrease in other current assets
Increase (decrease) in accounts and notes payable – trade
Other, net
Subtotal
Interest and dividends received
Interest paid
Payments for cancellation of chartered vessels
Payments related to the Anti-Monopoly Act
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
(Millions of yen)
 2019
¥ (99,422) 40,789
(386) (15) (927) (948)
1,065 (4,218) (338) (5,188) (3,462)
8,340 (1,839) 9,001
18,875 49,326 (6,567)
(1,622) 976 (51)
26,639 5,501 9,516
(32,445) (11,082)
1,513
5,590 (7,243) (1,450)
(833) (4,386)
(6,808)
2020
¥ 11,315 44,253 1,110 72
(1,0 4 7) (516) (691)
– (375)
1,338 (3,6 8 9)
10,177 (445)
604 (8,0 1 1)
– (4,7 5 5) (1,2 6 4)
5,267 (2,7 1 0)
1,840 383
(5 5) (9,1 4 8) (2,1 0 8)
41,541
5,211 (11,397) (51,774)
(2,5 7 3) (2,8 0 4)
¥ (21,797)
        ¥
  66
“K” LINE REPORT 2020

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (continued)
Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Year ended March 31, 2020
Cash flows from investing activities:
Payments into time deposits
Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits
Purchases of marketable securities and investment securities
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities and investment securities
Payments for sales of shares of subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation Purchases of vessels, property and equipment
Proceeds from sales of vessels, property and equipment
Purchases of intangible assets
Payments of long-term loans receivable
Collection of long-term loans receivable
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities:
Increase (decrease) in short-term loans, net
Proceeds from long-term loans
Repayments of long-term loans and obligations under finance leases
Redemption of bonds
Cash dividends paid to non-controlling interests
Proceeds from share issuance to non-controlling interests
Purchases of shares of subsidiaries not resulting in change in scope of consolidation Proceeds from sales of shares of subsidiaries not resulting in change in scope of consolidation Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year
Increase in cash and cash equivalents arising from initial consolidation of subsidiaries
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year (Note 18)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
(Millions of yen)
 2019
(7,229) 44,574 (79,050)
3,310 –
(95,893) 98,179 (1,399)
(1,269) 2,856 427
(35,493)
38,696
38,638 (56,523) (50,378)
(915) 50,000
(265) –
38
19,290
2,980
(20,032)
158,072 –
¥ 138,040
2020
(5,1 7 1) 6,646 (1,1 1 3)
4,141 (143) (71,361)
52,502 (787) (1,4 0 2)
972 (4,5 6 7)
(20,286)
(36,390) 73,044 (50,743)
(1,8 0 9) (963)
– (8 0)
33,768 (9 4)
16,731
(873)
(26,225)
138,040 118
¥ 111,933
  ¥
¥
                “K” LINE REPORT 2020 67
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. and Consolidated Subsidiaries March 31, 2020
1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
(a) Basis of preparation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. (the “Company”) and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “Group”) have been prepared on the basis of accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, which are different in certain respects as to the application and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), and are compiled from the consolidated financial statements prepared by the Company as required by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan. In preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements, certain reclassifications and rearrangements have been made to present them in a form which is familiar to readers outside Japan. However, no adjustments have been made which would change the financial position or the results of operations presented in the original consolidated financial statements.
As permitted by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan, amounts of less than one million yen have been rounded off. As a result, the totals in yen in the accompanying consolidated financial statements do not necessarily agree with the sums of the individual amounts.
Certain reclassifications of previously reported amounts have been made to conform the consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2019 to the 2020 presentation. Such reclassifications had no effect on consolidated profit, net assets or cash flows.
(b) Principles of consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and 292 and 279 subsidiaries for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. The principles of consolidation are to include significant subsidiaries, whose voting interests are owned 40 per cent or more by the consolidated group and whose decision-making control over their operations is significantly affected by the consolidated group through financial or technical support, personnel, transactions, and so forth. In addition, significant affiliates whose decision-making control over their operations is significantly affected by the consolidated group in various ways are accounted for by the equity method.
For the purposes of consolidation, all significant intercompany transactions, account balances and unrealized profit among the consolidated group companies have been eliminated.
Goodwill is amortized by the straight-line method over a period of five years.
(c) Accounting period
The Company and 269 consolidated subsidiaries have a March 31 year end, and the remaining 10 consolidated subsidiaries have a December 31 year end. For four of these consolidated subsidiaries with a December year end, adjustments have been made for any significant transactions which took place during the period between their year end and the year end of the Company, and for the other six, a provisional closing of their accounts as of the year end of the Company has been used.
(d) Translation of foreign currencies
Revenues earned and expenses incurred in currencies other than Japanese yen of the Company and its subsidiaries that maintain their books in Japanese yen are translated into Japanese yen either at an average monthly exchange rate or at the rate prevailing on the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than Japanese yen are translated into Japanese yen at the exchange rate prevailing at the balance sheet date. Subsidiaries that maintain their books in a currency other than Japanese yen translate revenues and expenses and assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies into the currency used for financial reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in their respective countries of domicile.
(e) Translation of accounts of overseas consolidated subsidiaries
The accounts of the overseas consolidated subsidiaries, except for the components of net assets excluding non-controlling interests of
consolidated subsidiaries, are translated into Japanese yen at the rates of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date. The components of net assets excluding accumulated other comprehensive income and non-controlling interests are translated at their historical exchange rates. Differences arising from translation are presented as translation adjustments and non-controlling interests in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
(f) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, deposits with banks withdrawable on demand, and short-term investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased which can easily be converted to cash and are subject to little risk of change in value.
(g) Raw material and supplies
Raw material and supplies are mainly stated at cost based on the moving- average method (The method includes write-downs based on decreased profitability).
(h) Securities
Securities are classified into three categories: trading securities, held-to- maturity debt securities or other securities. Trading securities, consisting of debt and marketable equity securities, are stated at fair value. Gain or loss, both realized and unrealized, are credited or charged to income. Held-to-maturity debt securities are stated at their amortized costs. Marketable securities classified as other securities are carried at fair value with any changes in unrealized holding gain or loss, net of the applicable income taxes, reported as a separate component of net assets. Non- marketable securities classified as other securities are carried at cost determined principally by the moving- average method.
Under the Companies Act of Japan (the “Companies Act”), net unrealized holding gain on investment securities of the related taxes, is not available for distribution as dividends.
(i) Vessels, property and equipment and depreciation (except for leased assets under finance leases)
Depreciation of vessels is computed by the straight-line or the declining- balance method over the estimated useful lives of the respective vessels.
Depreciation of property and equipment is computed principally by the declining-balance method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. However, the depreciation of buildings (excluding accompanying facilities) acquired on or after April 1, 1998 and facilities attached to buildings and structures acquired on or after April 1, 2016 are computed by the straight-line method.
Maintenance, repairs and minor improvements are charged to income as incurred. Major improvements are capitalized.
(j) Capitalization of interest expense
Interest expense is generally charged to income as incurred. However, interest expense incurred in the construction of certain vessels is capitalized and included in the costs of the assets if the construction period is substantially long.
(k) Leases
Leased assets under finance lease transactions that transfer ownership to the lessee are depreciated by the same methods used for owned fixed assets.
Leased assets under finance lease transactions that do not transfer ownership to the lessee are depreciated to a residual value of zero by straight-line method over the lease term.
Finance lease transactions that do not transfer ownership to the lessee, starting on or before March 31, 2008 are accounted for as operating lease transactions.
(l) Research and development costs and computer software (except for leased assets under finance leases)
 68
“K” LINE REPORT 2020

Research and development costs are charged to income as incurred. Expenditures relating to the development of computer software intended for internal use are charged to income when incurred, unless these are deemed to contribute to the generation of future income or cost savings. Such expenditures are capitalized as assets and amortized
by the straight-line method over their estimated useful life of five years.
(m) Allowance for doubtful receivables
An allowance for doubtful receivables is provided at an amount calculated based on the historical experience of bad debts on ordinary receivables plus an additional estimate of probable specific bad debts from customers experiencing financial difficulties.
(n) Allowance for bonuses
In order to prepare for bonuses to be paid to employees, the allowance for bonuses is recognized at the estimated amount of the bonuses to be paid as allocated to the current fiscal year.
(o) Allowance for directors’ bonuses
In order to prepare for bonuses to be paid to directors, the allowance for directors’ bonuses is recognized at the estimated amount of the bonuses to be paid as allocated to the current fiscal year at certain consolidated subsidiaries.
(p) Allowance for directors’ and audit and supervisory board members’ retirement benefits
In order to prepare for retirement benefit payments to directors and audit and supervisory board members, the amount required at the end of the fiscal year by the internal rules is recognized at certain consolidated subsidiaries.
(q) Accrued expenses for overhaul of vessels
Vessels and other assets of the Group are subject to periodic overhaul. An accrual is provided on the basis of the estimated amount of total expenses expected to be incurred for overhauling the vessels in the following year which has been allocated to the current fiscal year.
(r) Allowance for loss related to the Anti-Monopoly Act
In order to prepare for fines and penalties required by overseas authorities relating to the Anti-Monopoly Act, an amount reasonably estimated to the extent possible is recognized.
(s) Allowance for loss on liquidation of subsidiaries and affiliates
In order to prepare for loss accompanied by liquidation of subsidiaries and affiliates, the estimated amount of loss is recognized.
(t) Allowance for directors’ stock benefits
In order to prepare for stock benefits etc., to the directors and the executive officers in accordance with the Regulations for Delivery of Shares to Officers, the allowance for stock benefits is recognized at the estimated amount of the Company’s stock corresponding to points to be provided to the eligible individuals as of the end of the current fiscal year.
(u) Allowance for loss on chartering contracts
In order to prepare for potential future loss under certain contracts where charter rates fall below hire rates, the probable and reasonably estimated amount of loss is recognized based on available information as of the end of the current fiscal year.
(v) Retirement benefits
The liability for retirement benefits has been provided principally at an amount calculated based on the retirement benefit obligation after the fair value of the pension plan assets are deducted within same plan. The retirement benefit obligations are attributed to each period by the benefit formula method.
Actuarial differences are amortized in the years following the year in which the differences are recognized by the straight-line method principally over a period of nine years, which falls within the estimated average remaining years of service of the eligible employees.
Past service cost is amortized by the straight-line method principally over a period of nine years, which falls within the estimated average
remaining years of service of the eligible employees.
The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is determined
as a result of consideration of both the portfolio allocation at present and in the future, and the long-term expected rate of return from multiple plan assets at present and in the future.
(w) Derivatives and hedging activities (continued)
The hedge effectiveness is assessed based on a comparison of the cumulative changes in cash flows or fair value of the hedged items with those of the hedging instruments in the period from the start of the hedging relationship to the assessment date. However, an evaluation of effectiveness is omitted for interest-rate swaps which meet certain conditions for applying the Special treatment.
The Group executes and manages transactions for the purpose of risk control of financial market and others in accordance with internal rules. These rules have been established not only to prevent derivative or other transactions from being used for any objective other than their original purpose or from being executed without limitation, but also to ensure the management body exercises its oversight functions.
(x) Income taxes
Deferred tax assets and liabilities have been recognized with respect to the differences between financial reporting and the tax bases of the assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the rates which are expected to apply to the period when each asset or liability is realized, based on the tax rates which have been enacted as of the balance sheet date or are subsequently enacted.
(y) Deferred assets
Bond issuance costs are charged to income as incurred.
(z) Distribution of retained earnings
Under the Companies Act and the Company’s Articles of Incorporation, the distribution of retained earnings with respect to a given fiscal year end is made by resolution of the shareholders at a general meeting held subsequent to the close of the financial year. The distribution of retained earnings with respect to the interim financial period is made by resolution of the Board of Directors.
(aa) Revenues and related costs
Revenues of the Group from cargo freight and the related costs and expenses, except for those from container vessels, are recognized in full as of the dates on which the vessels complete their respective voyages (the voyage completion method). Revenues from container vessels are recognized based on the passage of the transportation period (the complex transportation progress method). The related costs and expenses are charged to income as incurred. Revenues and costs with respect to charter services are accounted for on an accrual basis.
(ab) Consolidated taxation system
The Company and certain domestic consolidated subsidiaries adopt the consolidated taxation system.
On March 31, 2020, the Accounting Standards Board of Japan (“ASBJ”) issued “Practical Solution on the Treatment of Tax Effect Accounting for the Transition from the Consolidated Taxation System to the Group Tax Sharing System” (ASBJ Practical Issues Task Force (“PITF”) No.39), based on provisions in the Act for Partial Amendments to Income Tax Act (Act No.8).
The Company and certain domestic subsidiaries applied tax laws in effect prior to the amendments to calculate deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities for certain items remeasured from the single tax return system in accordance with section 3 of ASBJ PITF No.39 as an alternative to the application of section 44 of “Implementation Guidance on Tax Effect Accounting” (ASBJ Guidance No.28).
(ac) Accounting standards issued but not yet effective
(Accounting Standard and Implementation Guidance for Revenue Recognition)
(1) Overview
On March 31, 2020, the ASBJ issued “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No.29), “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Guidance
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 69
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

70
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
No.30) and “Implementation Guidance on Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments” (ASBJ Guidance No.19). The International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) in the United States co-developed comprehensive accounting standards for revenue recognition and issued “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (issued as IFRS 15 by the IASB and Topic 606 by the FASB) in May 2014. The ASBJ developed comprehensive accounting standards on revenue recognition and issued them in conjunction with the implementation guidance based on the fact that IFRS 15 will be applied from fiscal years starting on or after January 1, 2018 and Topic 606 will be applied from fiscal years starting after December 15, 2017.
As the basic policy in developing accounting standards for revenue recognition, the ASBJ defined the accounting standard starting with incorporating the basic principle of IFRS 15 from a standpoint of comparability between financial statements, which is one benefit of ensuring consistency with IFRS 15. Furthermore, the ASBJ added alternative accounting treatment without impairing comparability when there are matters to be considered related to accounting practices, etc. common in Japan.
(2) Scheduled date of adoption
The Company expects to adopt the accounting standard and implementation guidance from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
(3) Effect of the adoption of accounting standard and implementation guidance
The Company is currently evaluating the effect of the adoption of the accounting standard and the implementation guidance on its consolidation financial statements.
(Accounting Standard and Implementation Guidance for Fair Value Measurement)
(1) Overview
On July 4, 2019, the ASBJ issued “Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement” (ASBJ Statement No.30), “Accounting Standards for Measurement of Inventories” (ASBJ Statement No.9), “Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments” (ASBJ Statement No.10), “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement” (ASBJ Guidance No.31), and “Implementation Guidance on Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments” (ASBJ Guidance No.19). The ASBJ tried ensuring consistency between Japanese standards and international standards mainly for guidance and disclosures on estimated fair value of financial instruments and issued “Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement”, etc. based on the fact that the IASB and the FASB in the United States had already issued detailed guidance on fair value measurement (issued as IFRS 13 “Fair Value Measurement” by the IASB and Topic 820 “Fair Value Measurement” in the Accounting Standards Codification by the FASB), which are almost identical to each other.
As the basic policy in developing accounting standards for fair value measurement, the ASBJ incorporated basically all of the matters defined in IFRS 13 from a standpoint of increasing comparability of financial statements among domestic and foreign companies by using a unified measurement method. Furthermore, the ASBJ defined alternative accounting treatment to the individual matters without impairing comparability considering related to accounting practices, etc. common in Japan.
(2) Scheduled date of adoption
The Company expects to adopt the accounting standards and implementation guidance from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
(3) Effect of the adoption of accounting standard and implementation guidance
The Company has not determined the effect of the adoption of the accounting standards and the implementation guidance on its consolidation financial statements.
(Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates)
(1) Overview
On March 31, 2020, the ASBJ issued “Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates” (ASBJ Statement No.31). The ASBJ
has received certain requests on “Factors of Uncertainty in Accounting Estimates” that the IASB requires to disclose, which is defined in the International Accounting Standard 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” (“IAS 1”) Paragraph 125 issued by the IASB in 2003. Such requests encouraged the ASBJ to consider requirements of disclosures on “Factors of Uncertainty in Accounting Estimates” in the notes as useful information for users of financial statements and as a result the ASBJ developed and issued an accounting standard for disclosures on accounting estimates (“the accounting standard”).
As the basic policy in developing the accounting standard, which references IAS 1 Paragraph 125, the ASBJ outlined the guiding principle (purpose of disclosures) instead of expanding individual notes and entities determine the specific contents of disclosures in accordance with the purpose of disclosures. Furthermore, the ASBJ added alternative accounting treatment without impairing comparability when there are matters to be considered related to accounting practices, etc. common in Japan.
(2) Scheduled date of adoption
The Company expects to adopt the accounting standard from the end of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021.
(Accounting Standard for Accounting Policy Disclosures, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections)
(1) Overview
On March 31, 2020, the ASBJ issued “Accounting Standard for Accounting Policy Disclosures, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections” (ASBJ Statement No.24). Under the proposal to consider the expansion of the notes about “Principles and Procedures of Accounting Treatment Adopted in Situations of Uncertainty of Related Accounting Standards,” the ASBJ made the necessary revisions and issued accounting standard for accounting policies disclosures, accounting changes and error corrections.
In considering the notes on “Principles and Procedures of Accounting Treatment Adopted in the Situation of Uncertainty of the Related Accounting Standards,” “Annotations on the Accounting Principles” (Notes 1-2) was incorporated so as not to contradict conventional accounting practices when the related accounting standards were clear.
(2) Scheduled date of adoption
The Company expects to adopt the accounting standard from the end of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021.

2. Change in Accounting Standards
(Applying International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) 16 Leases)
The overseas consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates accounted for by the equity method that are subject to IFRS have adopted IFRS 16 Leases (issued on January 13, 2016; hereinafter “IFRS 16”) from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. In applying IFRS 16, the overseas consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates, as lessees, principally recognize all lease transactions on their balance sheets as assets and liabilities. The Company has applied the modified retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard is recognized as an adjustment to equity at the date of initial application. As a result of the adoption of this accounting standard, assets increased by ¥10,265 million, liabilities
3. Additional Information
Due to the high uncertainty regarding the spread of COVID-19 and when it will end, it is difficult to determine a future forecast. With respect to the Group, the forecast of profit or loss related to operating activities as well as cash flow estimates for assets or groups of assets for which indications of impairment exist in determining impairment loss for the next fiscal year (from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021) are calculated considering a certain
4. Marketable Securities and Investment Securities
increased by ¥10,245 million, and retained earnings increased by ¥19 million at the beginning of the current fiscal year. The increase in assets is due to the recognition of the right-of-use assets, and the increase in liabilities is due to the recognition of increase in lease obligations. Furthermore, as a result of the adoption of IFRS 16, profit before income taxes in the current fiscal year decreased by ¥2,145 million, basic profit attributable to owners of the parent per share in the current year decreased by ¥22.85, and net assets per share at the end of the current year decreased by ¥22.64 compared with those amounts that would have been recognized under the previous standard.
level of stress in achieving them, based on currently available information, such calculations incorporate the assumption that the period during which the main impacts of the infection will occur will be the first half of the next fiscal year with some impacts remaining until the second half of the same year.
   At March 31, 2019 and 2020, marketable securities and investment securities with quoted market prices classified as held-to-maturity debt securities are summarized as follows:
    Securities whose estimated fair value exceeds their carrying value: Government and municipal bonds
Securities whose estimated fair value exceeds their carrying value: Government and municipal bonds
Carrying value
¥ 3
Carrying value
¥ 3
(Millions of yen)
2019
Estimated fair value
¥ 4
(Millions of yen)
2020
Estimated fair value
¥ 3
Difference
¥ 0
Difference
¥ 0
        There are no securities whose estimated fair value does not exceed their carrying value at March 31, 2019 and 2020.
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 71
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

At March 31, 2019 and 2020 marketable securities and investment securities with quoted market prices classified as other securities are summarized as follows:
   Securities whose carrying value exceeds their acquisition costs: Equity securities
Securities whose carrying value does not exceed their acquisition costs: Equity securities
Total
Securities whose carrying value exceeds their acquisition costs: Equity securities
Securities whose carrying value does not exceed their acquisition costs: Equity securities
Bonds
Total
Carrying value
¥ 18,973 1,409
¥ 20,382
Carrying value
¥ 1,136
6,193 79
¥ 7,409
(Millions of yen)
2019
Acquisition costs
¥ 13,037 1,569
¥ 14,607
(Millions of yen)
2020
Acquisition costs
Difference
¥ 5,935 (160)
¥ 5,775
Difference
¥ 613
(158) (3)
¥ 451
     ¥
¥ 6,958
523
6,352 83
  Proceeds from sales of investment securities classified as other securities for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020 are summarized as follows:
(Millions of yen)
   Proceeds from sales Aggregate gain Aggregate loss
Loss on impairment is recorded on securities when whose fair value has declined by 50 per cent or more, or whose fair value has declined by 30 per cent. or more, but less than 50 per cent, if the decline is deemed to be irrecoverable. Loss on impairment is recorded on securities when whose fair value is difficult to determine if the decline is deemed to be irrecoverable considering the financial position of the securities’ issuers.
The Company has recognized loss on devaluation of investment securities classified as other securities of ¥0 million and ¥5,260 million for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. The Company
5. Loss on Impairment of Vessels, Property and Equipment
Loss on impairment of vessels, property and equipment for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020 are as follows:
2019
¥ 3,130 1,626
(1)
2020 ¥ 3,866 1,265
(0)
 has also recognized loss on devaluation of investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates of ¥71 million and investment funds of ¥904 million for the year ended March 31, 2019. The Company has also recognized loss on devaluation of investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates of ¥6 million for the year ended March 31, 2020. Loss on devaluation of investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates and investment funds recognized in other extraordinary losses in consolidated statement of operations.
 (Millions of yen)
 Usage
Business assets Business assets Business assets Assets for sale Idle assets
Total
Asset Description
Vessels and others (product logistics business) Vessels (energy resource transport business) Vessels (dry bulk business)
Vessels
Land and others
2019 ¥ 6,735 Norway 1,272 Japan 100 880 14
¥ 9,001
Country
Japan
  Norway, Singapore and others Japan and others
  72
“K” LINE REPORT 2020

 Usage
Business assets Business assets Assets for sale Idle assets
Total
Asset Description
Vessels and others (product logistics business) Vessels (dry bulk business)
Vessels
Land and others
(Millions of yen)
Country 2020
 Japan and Singapore Japan
Japan
Japan
¥ 249 5 8 2 5 4 4 0
¥ 604
  In principle, the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries group business assets by units whose income and expenditure are monitored perpetually and those cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash flows from other assets are identifiable. However, the grouping for assets for sales and idle assets are conducted by individual asset.
As profitability decreased significantly, the carrying values of business assets and assets group were reduced to the respective recoverable amounts and loss on impairment was recognized for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020.
In addition, since the planned sales amounts of assets for sale were
lower than the carrying values and the respective recoverable amounts of the idle assets were deemed to be irretrievably lower than the carrying values mainly due to decreasing land prices, the carrying values were reduced to the respective recoverable amounts and loss on impairment was recognized for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020.
The recoverable amounts are the higher of net selling value and the value-in-use. Net selling value is measured by third-party valuations and others. The value-in-use is based on estimated future cash flows discounted at rate of 3.0 to 6.3 per cent and 7.5 per cent. for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively.
6. Short-Term Loans, Long-Term Debt, and Obligations under Finance Leases
Short-term loans at March 31, 2019 and 2020 consisted of the following:
 (Millions of yen)
2019 2020
   Short-term loans from banks ¥ 42,744 ¥ 4,726
Short-term loans from banks and insurance companies principally represent loans on deeds with average interest rates of 0.83 per cent. and 0.66 per cent. per annum at March 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively.
  Long-term debt at March 31, 2019 and 2020 consisted of the following:
Long-term bank loans due within one year:
Loans from banks and insurance companies due in installments through September 2075 at average interest rates of 1.10% and 1.25% per annum at March 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively
Long-term bank loans due after one year:
Loans from banks and insurance companies due in installments through September 2075 at average interest rates of 1.10% and 1.25% per annum at March 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively
Bonds:
Bonds in yen, interest rate indexed to TIBOR, due July 16, 2019
0.69% bonds in yen, due August 31, 2020 1.05% bonds in yen, due August 31, 2022
(Millions of yen)
   ¥
2019
43,679
405,706
1,809 3,000 7,000
2020
¥ 99,850
379,104
– 3,000 7,000
488,954
102,850
¥ 386,104
  Total 461,194
Amount due within one year 45,488
¥ 415,706
      Bonds due within one year at March 31, 2020 recognized in other current liabilities in consolidated balance sheet.
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 73
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt subsequent to March 31, 2020 are summarized as follows:
Year ending March 31, 2021
2022
2023
2024 2025 2026 Total
(Millions of yen)
  and thereafter
¥
¥
102,850 124,576 100,286
18,889
19,969 122,383 488,954
    The average interest rates applicable to the lease obligations due in installments through May 2029 are 2.53% and 3.00% at March 31, 2019, and 2020, respectively.
The aggregate annual maturities of obligations under finance leases subsequent to March 31, 2020 are summarized as follows:
Year ending March 31, 2021
2022
2023
2024 2025 2026 Total
(Millions of yen)
¥ 15,633 4,855 8,711 3,474 7,602 9,494 ¥ 49,769
  and thereafter
    A summary of assets pledged as collateral at March 31, 2020 for short-term loans and the current portion of long-term loans in the amount of ¥64,348 million, long-term loans of ¥160,487 million and loans to be incurred in the future is presented below:
  Vessels
Investments in securities Other
Total
(Millions of yen)
¥ 284,094 19,051 1,482 ¥ 304,628
    74
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
Investments in securities of ¥19,501 million were pledged as collateral to secure future loans for investments in vessels of subsidiaries and affiliates. Therefore, no corresponding liabilities existed as of March 31, 2020.

7. Income Taxes
The reconciliation between the statutory tax rate and the effective tax rate for the year ended March 31, 2019 was omitted because the Group recorded a loss before income taxes for the year.
The reconciliation between the statutory tax rate and the effective tax rate for the year ended March 31, 2020 was omitted because the difference was less than 5%.
The tax effects of temporary differences which gave rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities at March 31, 2019 and 2020 are analyzed as follows:
(Millions of yen)
  2019
Deferred tax assets:
Liability for retirement benefits
Allowance for loss on chartering contracts
Other allowances
Loss on impairment of vessels, property and equipment
Elimination of unrealized intercompany profit
Accounts and notes payable – trade
Loss on devaluation of investment securities
Deferred assets for tax purposes
Tax loss carried forward (*2)
Foreign tax credit carried forward
Deferred gain (loss) on derivatives under hedge accounting
Other 16,830
¥
2020
2,775 5,597 1,565 1,999
883 3,001 7,288 1,131 77,623 2,010 348 2,088
106,314 (75,302) (23,432)
(98,734)
7,579
(132) (797) (6 6) (4,8 5 8) (8 1) (192) (860) (2,3 2 0)
(9,3 1 1)
(1,7 3 1)
  ¥
2,265 4,450 5,804 2,664
108,891 (54,319) (46,980)
902 3,521 12,886 1,307 56,039 2,220 –
  Gross deferred tax assets
Valuation allowance for tax loss carried forward (*2)
Valuation allowance for the total of deductible temporary differences and others Valuation allowance subtotal (*1)
Total deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities:
  (101,299)
7,591
(271)
(850) (1,628) (4,379)
(335) (192) (855)
Total deferred tax liabilities (12,538)
Net deferred tax liabilities ¥ (4,946)
  Reserve for special depreciation
Deferred gain on tangible fixed assets for tax purposes
Unrealized holding gain (loss) on investment securities
Accelerated depreciation in overseas subsidiaries
Accumulated earnings tax
Deferred capital gain based on group corporate tax system
Tax effect of undistributed earnings of overseas subsidiaries and affiliates accounted for by the equity method
Other (4,024)
    ¥
  (*1) Valuation allowance decreased by ¥2,565 million for the year ended March 31, 2020. The main reasons for the decrease are the combination of the fact that the increase of ¥20,983 million in valuation allowance for tax loss carried forward, and decrease of ¥23,548 million in total of deductible temporary differences and other. The decrease in total of deductible temporary differences and other consists of decreases of ¥14,655 million in valuation allowance for loss on cancellation of chartered vessels, ¥5,499 million in valuation allowance for loss on devaluation of investments in securities, and ¥3,938 million of valuation allowance for other allowances.
(*2) Tax loss carried forward and related deferred tax assets as of March 31, 2020 will expire as follows:
  Year ending March 31, 2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026 and thereafter
(*) The tax loss carried forward in the above table is measured using the statutory tax rate.
Tax loss carried forward (*)
¥ 13,865 2,040 1,385 8 4,080 56,236
¥ 77,623
(Millions of yen)
2020
Valuation allowance for tax loss carried forward
¥ (13,865) (2,040) (1,385) (8) (4,080) (53,915)
¥ (75,302)
Deferred tax assets related to tax loss carried forward
¥ – – – – –
2,321
¥ 2,321
      “K” LINE REPORT 2020 75
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

8. Leases
The following pro forma amounts represent the acquisition costs, accumulated depreciation and net book value of assets, mainly vessels, leased to the Group at March 31, 2019 and 2020, which would have been reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets if finance leases, other than those which transfer the ownership of the leased assets to the Group, that started on or before March 31, 2008 (which are currently accounted for as operating leases) had been capitalized:
9. Retirement Benefits
The Group has funded and unfunded defined benefit plans and defined contribution plans.
The defined benefit corporate pension plans (all of them are funded plans) provide for a lump-sum payment or annuity payment determined by reference to the current rate of pay and the length of service.
The retirement lump-sum plans provide for a lump-sum payment, as employee retirement benefits, determined by reference to the current rate of pay and the length of service.
Certain consolidated subsidiaries calculate asset for retirement benefits, liability for retirement benefits and retirement benefit expenses, for the defined benefit corporate pension plans and the retirement lump- sum plans based on the amount which would be payable at the year-end if all eligible employees terminated their services voluntarily (a “simplified method”).
The Company and its certain consolidated subsidiaries have a selective defined contribution pension plans as a defined contribution plan.
The defined benefit plans
The changes in the retirement benefit obligation, except for plans which apply a simplified method, for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020 are as follows:
  At March 31, 2019
Acquisition costs Accumulated depreciation
Net book value
At March 31, 2020
Acquisition costs Accumulated depreciation Net book value
Vessels
¥ 18,517 (4,393)
¥ 14,123
Total
¥ 18,517 (4,393)
¥ 14,123
(Millions of yen)
    (Millions of yen)
 Vessels
¥ 18,517 (5,147)
¥ 13,370
Total
¥ 18,517 (5,147)
¥ 13,370
(Millions of yen)
2019 2020
¥ 26,303 ¥ 26,744 1,560 1,574 79 70 205 631
(1,450) (1,006) 45 (28)
¥ 26,744 ¥ 27,987
  Lease payments related to finance leases accounted for as operating leases and depreciation and interest expenses for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020 are summarized as follows:
Retirement benefit obligation at beginning of the year
Service cost
Interest cost
Actuarial differences
Payment of retirement benefits
Foreign currency exchange rate changes
Retirement benefit obligation at end of the year
  (Millions of yen)
  Lease payments Depreciation Interest expenses
2019
¥ 1,104 758 159
2020
¥ 1,061 753 141
  Future minimum lease payments subsequent to March 31, 2020 for finance leases accounted for as operating leases are summarized as follows:
 Year ending March 31,
2021
2022 and thereafter
Total
(Millions of yen)
¥ 920 6,672
¥ 7,593
The changes in pension plan assets, except for plans which apply a simplified method, for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020 are as follows:
 (Millions of yen)
    Future minimum lease payments or receipts subsequent to March 31, 2020 for non-cancellable operating leases are summarized as follows:
Pension plan assets at fair value at beginning of the year
Expected return on pension plan assets
Actuarial differences
Contributions by the employer
Payment of retirement benefits
Foreign currency exchange rate changes
Pension plan assets at fair value at end of the year
2019
¥ 22,554
1,183 (826)
1,309 (1,038)
5
¥ 23,188
2020
¥ 23,188
608 (854)
1,314 (982)
(2)
¥ 23,271
(As lessees)
Year ending March 31,
2021
2022 and thereafter
Total
(As lessors)
Year ending March 31,
2021
2022 and thereafter
Total
(Millions of yen)
¥ 27,965 132,209
¥ 160,174
(Millions of yen)
¥ 3,591 7,139
¥ 10,731
        76
“K” LINE REPORT 2020

The changes in liability for retirement benefits calculated by a simplified method for certain consolidated subsidiaries for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020 are as follows:
Retirement benefits liability adjustments included in accumulated other comprehensive income before tax effects as of March 31, 2019 and 2020 are summarized as follows:
(Millions of yen)
(Millions of yen)
    Liability for retirement benefits, net at beginning of the year
Retirement benefit expenses Payment of retirement benefits Contributions to the plans
Liability for retirement benefits, net at end of the year
2019
¥ 2,171 414
(417) (169)
¥ 1,998
2020
¥ 1,998 453
(313) (140)
¥ 1,997
Unrecognized past service cost Unrecognized actuarial differences
Total
2019
¥ 105 (3,858)
¥ (3,752)
2020
¥ 88 (4,843)
¥ (4,755)
  The fair value of pension plan assets by major category as of March 31, 2019 and 2020 is as follows:
   The following table sets forth the funded status of the plans and the amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2019 and 2020 for the Group’s defined benefit plans:
Bonds Equity
General account assets under insurance plan
Other
Total
2019 2020
38% 34% 23 19
30 30 9 17
100% 100%
(Millions of yen)
   Funded retirement benefit obligation Plan assets at fair value
Subtotal
Unfunded retirement benefit obligation
Liability for retirement benefits, net
Liability for retirement benefits Asset for retirement benefits
Liability for retirement benefits, net
2019
¥ 28,102 (25,376)
2,725
2,829
¥ 5,554
¥ 6,228 (673)
¥ 5,554
2020
¥ 28,565 (25,251)
3,313
3,399
¥ 6,713
¥ 7,313 (600)
¥ 6,713
The assumptions used in actuarial calculations for the above defined benefit plans for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020 are as follows:
     Discount rates
Expected rates of return on plan assets
Rates of salary increase
2019
Mainly 0.0%
Mainly 7.9%
Mainly from 1.2% to 16.0%
2020
Mainly 0.0%
Mainly 3.6%
Mainly from 1.2% to 16.0%
     The above includes retirement benefit plans which apply a simplified method.
Retirement benefit expenses for the Group for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020 are summarized as follows:
Total contributions paid by consolidated subsidiaries to the defined contribution plans amounted to ¥452 million and ¥602 million for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively.
  Service cost Interest cost
Expected return on pension plan assets
Amortization of actuarial differences Amortization of past service cost
Retirement benefit expenses calculated by a simplified method
Retirement benefit expenses
(Millions of yen)
2019 2020
¥ 1,560 ¥ 1,574 79 70
(1,183) (608) 135 499 (15) (17)
414 453
¥ 991 ¥ 1,971
  Retirement benefits liability adjustments included in other comprehensive income before tax effects for the Group for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020 are summarized as follows:
(Millions of yen)
  Past service cost Actuarial (gain)loss
Total
2019
¥ (15) (901)
¥ (917)
2020
¥ (17) (985)
¥ (1,003)
  “K” LINE REPORT 2020 77
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

10. Shareholders’ Equity
Movements in common stock and treasury stock of the Company for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020 are summarized as follows:
13. Land Revaluation
The Company and a certain domestic consolidated subsidiary revalued the land used in their business in accordance with the Act on Revaluation of Land (Act No. 34, March 31, 1998) and the Act to Partially Revise the Act on Revaluation of Land (Act No. 19, March 31, 2001). The effect of this revaluation has been recorded as revaluation reserve for land in net assets, excluding the related deferred tax liabilities on land revaluation.
The timing of the revaluation was effective March 31, 2002.
A certain domestic affiliate accounted for by the equity method also revalued the land used in their business in accordance with the Act on Revaluation of Land (Act No. 34, March 31, 1998) and the Act to Partially Revise the Act on Revaluation of Land (Act No. 19, March 31, 2001). The effect of this revaluation has been recorded as revaluation reserve for land in net assets.
The revaluation of land for business use was calculated by making rational adjustments to the prices posted in accordance with the provision of Article 6 of the Public Notice of Land Prices Act for standard sites set forth in Article 6 of the same act in the same neighborhood as the relevant land for business use pursuant to Article 2, Paragraph 1 of the Order for Enforcement of the Act on Revaluation of Land (Cabinet Order No. 119 of 1998). However, for some land, the revaluation was calculated by making rational adjustments to standard prices assessed in accordance with the provision of Article 9, Paragraph 1 of the Order for Enforcement of the National Land Use Planning Act for standard sites set forth in Article 7, Paragraph 1, Item 1 (a) of the same order in the same neighborhood as the relevant land for business use pursuant to Article 2, Paragraph 2 of the Order for Enforcement of the Act on Revaluation of Land, by making rational adjustments to land prices registered in the land tax ledger set forth in Article 341, Item 10 of the Local Tax Act or in the supplementary land tax ledger set forth in Article 341, Item 11 of the same act for the relevant land for business use pursuant to Article 2, Paragraph 3 of the Order for Enforcement of the Act on Revaluation of Land, or by making rational adjustments to the value calculated by the method established and issued by the Director-General of the National Tax Agency for computing land value that serves as a basis for the calculation of the taxable amount for land value tax set forth in Article 16 of the Land- Holding Tax Act for the relevant land for business use pursuant to Article 2, Item 4 of the Order for Enforcement of the Act on Revaluation of Land.
At March 31, 2019 and 2020, the fair value of land was lower than its carrying value after revaluation by ¥3,034 million and ¥2,977 million, respectively.
14. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities
At March 31, 2020, commitments made by the Group for the construction of vessels amounted to ¥6,985 million.
Contingent liabilities for guarantees of loans to affiliates and third- party companies and obligations for additional investment, etc. as of March 31, 2020 are as follows:
  Number of shares (Thousands)
 April 1,
2018 Increase
93,938 –
666 0 1 666
Number of shares (Thousands)
March 31, Decrease 2019
 Common stock Treasury stock (*1,2,3)
Common stock Treasury stock (*4,5,6)
– 93,938
  April 1,
2019 Increase
93,938 –
666 0 0 666
March 31, Decrease 2020
 – 93,938
 (*1) The increase in the number of shares in treasury stock of 0 thousand shares is due to purchases of shares of less than one voting unit.
(*2) The decrease in the number of shares in treasury stock of 1 thousand shares is mainly due to the decrease of 1 thousand shares resulting from providing shares related to the “Board Benefit Trust (BBT )” to officers and 0 thousand shares at request of shareholders owning less than one voting unit.
(*3) 448 and 446 thousand shares, which are held by the Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd., are included in the number of shares in treasury stock at April 1, 2018 and March 31, 2019, respectively.
(*4) The increase in the number of shares in treasury stock of 0 thousand shares is due to purchases of shares of less than one voting unit.
(*5) The decrease in the number of shares in treasury stock of 0 thousand shares is mainly due to the decrease of 0 thousand shares resulting from providing shares related to the “Board Benefit Trust (BBT )” to officers.
(*6) 446 thousand shares, which are held by the Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd., are included in the number of shares in treasury stock at April 1, 2019 and March 31, 2020, respectively.
11. Accumulated Depreciation
Accumulated depreciation of vessels, property, plant and equipment at March 31, 2019 and 2020 is as follows:
    Accumulated depreciation
(Millions of yen)
2019 2020
¥ 407,807 ¥ 434,991
 12. Investment in Unconsolidated Subsidiaries and Affiliates
Amounts corresponding to unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates as of March 31, 2019 and 2020 are as follows:
(Millions of yen)
2020
¥ 12,775 3,210
  (Millions of yen)
   Investment securities (Equity securities)
Other non-current assets (Investment funds)
2019
¥ 136,252 2,499
2020
¥ 136,267 3,275
Guarantees of loans
Obligations for additional investment, etc.
  78
“K” LINE REPORT 2020

(Other Important Matters Related to Current Conditions of the Group)
The Group has been investigated by the overseas competition authorities in relation to alleged anti-competitive behavior (alleged formation of a cartel) relating to the transportation of automobiles, automotive construction machineries and other automotive vehicles. In addition, multiple service providers including the Group are currently subject to class actions in some countries in relation to the same matter.
The Group contracts out containerships which the Company or its consolidated subsidiaries then charter to other charterers. Since charter rates are highly sensitive to fluctuations in charter markets, there is a risk that charter rates may fall below hire rates. Depending on changes in the Group’s planning for chartering contracts or trends in charter markets, it may be necessary for the Group to recognize additional provisions for losses, when the loss amount can be rationally estimated, which could have a negative impact on the Group’s financial position and operating results.
15. Financial Instruments
Status of financial instruments
The Group obtains necessary funding, mainly through bank loans and the issuance of bonds, in accordance with their capital expenditure plans. Temporary excess funds are invested in highly liquid financial assets, and short-term operating funds are financed by bank loans. The Group utilizes derivatives only for avoiding risks, but does not utilize them for speculation.
Trade accounts and notes receivable are exposed to credit risk in the event of the nonperformance by counterparties. As revenues from marine transportation are mainly denominated in foreign currencies, trade receivables are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk and a portion of them, net of trade payables denominated in the same foreign currencies, are hedged by forward foreign exchange contracts. Future trade receivables such as for freight and chartered vessels are exposed to market risks, and some of them are hedged by forward freight agreements. The Group holds marketable securities and investment securities, which are mainly issued by companies who have a business relationship or capital alliance with the Group, and these securities are exposed to the risk of fluctuation in market prices. The Group also has long-term loans receivable mainly from other subsidiaries and affiliates.
The Group has trade accounts and notes payable, which have payment due dates within one year. Funds for certain capital expenditures, such as construction of vessels denominated in foreign currencies, are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk, which are hedged by forward foreign exchange contracts. Future trade payables such as payments for bunker fuel are exposed to the risk of fluctuation of market prices, and some of them are hedged by bunker fuel swap contracts. Loans payable, bonds, bonds with stock acquisition rights and lease obligations for finance lease contracts are taken out principally for the purpose of making capital investments. The repayment dates of long-term debt extend up to 55 years subsequent to the balance sheet date. Certain elements of these transactions are exposed to interest rate fluctuation risk. The Group hedges this risk by entering into interest rate swap transactions. The Group has entered into currency swap contracts to hedge foreign currency exchange risk against trade payables.
Regarding derivatives, the Group has entered into: 1) forward foreign exchange contracts and currency swap contracts to hedge foreign currency exchange risk arising from investments in the overseas subsidiaries, etc., receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies and funds for capital investment to acquire operating assets such as vessels and others; 2) bunker fuel swap contracts to hedge the risk of bunker fuel price fluctuation; 3) forward freight agreements to hedge the risk of fluctuation of market prices; and 4) interest-rate swap contracts to hedge the risk of interest rate fluctuation arising from interest payables for long-term payables and bonds.
For information on hedge accounting policies of the Group, see Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, (w) Derivatives and hedging activities.
The Company monitors regularly the condition of major business counterparties by each related business division with whom the Company has accounts receivable for business or loans receivable, and manages the outstanding balances and due dates by counterparties, to minimize
the risk of default arising from any decline in the financial condition of counterparties. Its consolidated subsidiaries also monitor the condition of accounts receivable and loans receivable under a similar management policy.
The Group believes that the credit risk of derivatives is insignificant as the Group enters into derivatives transactions only with financial institutions which have a sound credit profile.
For investments in the overseas subsidiaries, etc., receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies and future loans related to investment in vessels, the Company has entered into currency swap and forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation risk, and interest-rate swap contracts to minimize interest rate fluctuation risk of loans and bonds.
For marketable securities and investments in securities, the Company continuously reviews the condition of holding securities considering the stock market and the relationship with issuing companies, taking into account market value of securities and financial condition of issuing companies in accordance with internal regulations.
The Company enters into derivative transactions with the approval from authorized officers in accordance with internal regulations, which set forth transaction authority and maximum upper limit on positions. Results of derivative transactions are regularly reported at the executive officers meeting. Its consolidated subsidiaries also manage derivative transactions under similar regulations.
The Company manages liquidity risk by preparing and updating cash management plan on timely basis and maintaining liquid instruments on hand based on reports from each business group.
The fair value of financial instruments is based on market price, if available. When there is no market price, fair value is reasonably estimated. Fair value can fluctuate because different assumptions may be adopted for calculations of fair value considering various factors. In addition, the notional amounts of derivatives in Note 16. Derivatives and Hedging Activities are not necessarily indicative of the actual market exposure involved in the derivative transactions.
 “K” LINE REPORT 2020 79
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

Estimated fair value of financial instruments
The carrying value of financial instruments on the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2019 and 2020, and the estimated fair value and the difference between them are shown in the following table. The table does not include financial instruments for which it is extremely difficult to determine the fair value.
    Assets
Cash and deposits
Accounts and notes receivable – trade Marketable securities and investment securities:
Held to maturity debt securities
Other securities
Investment in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates
Total assets
Liabilities
Accounts and notes payable – trade
Short-term loans, inclusive of current portion of long-term loans Long-term debt, less current portion:
Bonds
Long-term loans Total liabilities
Derivative transactions (*)
Assets
Cash and deposits
Accounts and notes receivable – trade Marketable securities and investment securities:
Held to maturity debt securities
Other securities
Investment in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates
Total assets
Liabilities
Accounts and notes payable – trade
Short-term loans, inclusive of current portion of long-term loans Long-term debt, less current portion:
Bonds
Long-term loans Total liabilities
Derivative transactions (*)
Carrying value
¥ 143,201 62,722
3 20,382 3,981
¥ 230,290
(Millions of yen)
2019
Estimated fair value
¥ 143,201 62,722
4 20,382 1,373
¥ 227,683
Difference
¥ – –
0
– (2,607)
¥ (2,607)
¥ – (17)
385 (159)
¥ 208
¥ (74)
Difference
¥ – –
0 – 619
¥ 619
¥ – (8)
313 (3 0)
¥ 275
¥ (39)
    ¥
¥ (559,965)
¥ (4,154)
(57,836) (86,423)
(10,000) (405,706)
¥
¥ (559,756)
¥ (4,228)
(Millions of yen)
2020
Estimated fair value
(57,836) (86,440)
(9,614) (405,865)
          ¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
Carrying value
115,394 60,022
3 7,409 936
183,767
(47,673) (104,576)
(7,0 0 0) (379,104)
(538,355)
(4,7 3 7)
¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
115,394 60,022
3 7,409 1,556
184,386
(47,673) (104,584)
(6,6 8 6) (379,135)
(538,079)
(4,7 7 7)
          80
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
(*) The value of assets and liabilities arising from derivative transactions is shown at net value, and the amounts in parentheses represent net liability position.

Fair value of cash and deposits and accounts and notes receivable – trade is based on carrying value as most of them are settled within a short term and their fair value approximates carrying value.
Fair value of debt securities is based on market prices provided by financial institutions. Fair value of equity securities and investment securities is based on market prices prevailing in the applicable stock exchange. For information on securities classified by holding purpose, please refer to Note 4. Marketable Securities and Investment Securities.
Fair value of accounts and notes payable – trade and short-term loans is based on carrying value as most of them are settled within a short term and their fair value approximates carrying value, except for the current portion of long-term loans whose fair value is based on the same method as long-term loans.
Fair value of bonds is mainly based on market prices.
Fair value of long-term loans is mainly based on the present value of the total amount including principal and interest, discounted by the expected interest rate assuming a new borrowing of a similar loan.
The financial instruments whose fair value is difficult to determine as of March 31, 2019 and 2020 are summarized as follows.
(Millions of yen)
  Unlisted investment securities
2019
¥ 139,743
2020
¥ 142,645
 The redemption schedule as of March 31, 2020 for cash and deposits, accounts and notes receivable – trade and held-to-maturity securities is summarized as follows:
For unlisted investment securities, there is neither market value nor estimated future cash flow, and it is difficult to determine the fair value. Therefore, the fair value of unlisted investment securities is not included in investment securities in the summary table of financial instruments.
(Millions of yen)
2020
   Cash and deposits
Accounts and notes receivable – trade
Marketable securities and Investment securities Held-to-maturity securities:
Government, municipal bonds and others
Total
Within 1 year
¥ 115,394 60,022
1
¥ 175,418
Over 1 year within 5 years
¥ – –
2
¥ 2
Over 5 years within 10 years
¥ – –
–
¥ –
Over 10 years
¥ – –
–
¥ –
  The redemption schedule as of March 31, 2020 for short-term loans and long-term debt is as provided in Note 6.
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 81
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

16. Derivatives and Hedging Activities
Information on the estimated fair value of the derivatives positions outstanding not qualified for deferral hedge accounting at March 31, 2019 was omitted due to immateriality and 2020 is summarized as follows:
   Method of hedge accounting
Transactions other than market transactions
Estimated fair value (*1)
Gain on valuation
Total contract value (notional principal amount)
(Millions of yen)
2020
Contract value (notional principal amount)
over one year
Transaction
Forward foreign exchange contracts
Selling:
NOK 14,018 – 2,006 2,006
Total ¥ 16,280 ¥ – ¥ 2,012 ¥ 2,012
 Buying: USD
¥ 698 ¥ – ¥ 3 ¥ 3 GBP 1,564 – 1 1
  The estimated fair value of the derivatives positions outstanding qualified for deferral hedge accounting at March 31, 2019 and 2020 is summarized as follows:
Currency-related transactions
  Method of hedge accounting
Deferral hedge
Transaction
Forward foreign exchange contracts
Buying: USD
Selling: USD
Currency swaps Receiving JPY, paying USD
Total
Major hedged item
Capital expenditures and others
Forecasted foreign currency transactions
Vessel chartering revenues and forecasted foreign currency transactions
Total contract value (notional principal amount)
¥ 24,270
5,988 6,148
¥ 36,407
(Millions of yen)
2019
Contract value (notional principal amount) over one year
¥ 1,231
– –
¥ 1,231
Estimated fair value (*1)
¥ 942
51 308
¥ 1,303
   82
“K” LINE REPORT 2020

  Method of hedge accounting
Deferral hedge
Transaction
Forward foreign exchange contracts
Buying: USD
EUR
Selling: USD
Currency swaps Receiving JPY, paying USD
Forward foreign exchange contracts
Selling: NOK
Receiving GBP, paying USD
Total
Major hedged item
Capital expenditures and others
Forecasted foreign currency transactions
Forecasted foreign currency transactions
Vessel chartering revenues and forecasted foreign currency transactions
Long-term loans
Forecasted foreign currency transactions
Total contract value (notional principal amount)
¥ 12,645 7
4,910
2,914
701 687
¥ 21,866
Total contract value (notional principal amount)
¥ 71,109 1,575
¥ 72,684
Total contract value (notional principal amount)
¥ 59,863 1,245
¥ 61,108
(Millions of yen)
2020
Contract value (notional principal amount)
over one year
¥ 8,622 –
–
–
– –
¥ 8,622
(Millions of yen)
2019
Contract value (notional principal amount) over one year
¥ 65,897 1,505
¥ 67,402
(Millions of yen)
2020
Contract value (notional principal amount)
over one year
¥ 58,721 1,205
¥ 59,926
Estimated fair value (*1)
¥ 576 (0)
56
35
109 13
¥ 791
Estimated fair value (*)
¥ (5,941) (74)
¥ (6,015)
Estimated fair value (*)
¥ (7,277) (39)
¥ (7,317)
  Fair value hedge (*2)
  (*1) Fair value is mainly based on relevant prices quoted by financial institutions and others. (*2) Fair value hedge is used by an overseas subsidiary that applies IFRS.
Interest rate-related transactions
  Method of hedge accounting
Deferral hedge
Special treatment for interest rate swaps
Method of hedge accounting
Deferral hedge
Special treatment for interest rate swaps
Transaction
Interest rate swaps
Receive floating /Pay fixed
Interest rate swaps
Receive floating /Pay fixed
Total
Transaction
Interest rate swaps
Receive floating /Pay fixed
Interest rate swaps
Receive floating /Pay fixed
Total
Major hedged item
Long-term loans Long-term loans
Major hedged item
Long-term loans Long-term loans
        (*) Fair value is mainly based on relevant prices quoted by financial institutions and others.
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 83
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

Others
  Method of hedge accounting
Deferral hedge
Method of hedge accounting
Deferral hedge
Transaction
Bunker fuel swaps
Forward freight agreements
Total
Transaction
Bunker fuel swaps
Forward freight agreements
Total
Major hedged item
Bunker fuel purchases Ocean freight
Major hedged item
Bunker fuel purchases Ocean freight
Total contract value (notional principal amount)
¥ 4,275 974
¥ 5,249
Total contract value (notional principal amount)
¥ 474 993
¥ 1,467
(Millions of yen)
2019
Contract value (notional principal amount) over one year
¥ – –
¥ –
(Millions of yen)
2020
Contract value (notional principal amount)
over one year
¥ – –
¥ –
Estimated fair value (*)
¥ 244 1
¥ 245
Estimated fair value (*)
¥ (111) (152)
¥ (263)
        84
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
(*) Fair value is mainly based on relevant prices quoted by financial institutions and others.

17. Other Comprehensive Income
The following table presents reclassification adjustments and tax effects allocated to each component of other comprehensive income for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020.
 (Millions of yen)
   Net unrealized holding gain (loss) on investment securities: Amount arising during the year
Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss
Amount before tax effect
Tax effect
Net unrealized holding gain (loss) on investment securities Deferred gain (loss) on hedges:
Amount arising during the year
Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss
Adjustments for acquisition costs of vessels due to valuation of hedges Amount before tax effect
Tax effect
Deferred gain (loss) on hedges
Translation adjustments:
Amount arising during the year Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss Translation adjustments
Retirement benefits liability adjustments: Amount arising during the year Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss Amount before tax effect
Tax effect
Retirement benefits liability adjustments
Share of other comprehensive income of subsidiaries and affiliates accounted for by the equity method:
Amount arising during the year
Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss
Share of other comprehensive income of subsidiaries and affiliates accounted for by the equity method
Total other comprehensive income
18. Supplementary Information on Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
¥
2019
(3,827) (1,847)
(5,675) 1,531
(4,143)
1,610 (4,679) (4,609)
(7,678) 2,133
(5,545)
3,232 –
3,232
(1,009) 92
(917) (92)
(1,009)
5,846 184
6,030
(1,435)
2020
¥ 721 (6,3 9 0)
(5,6 6 8) 1,461
(4,2 0 7)
(3,7 0 0) (1,9 9 3) (896)
(6,5 9 0) 2,495
(4,0 9 4)
(4,6 2 5) (3,2 8 9)
(7,9 1 5)
(1,4 1 0) 407
(1,0 0 3) 44
(958)
(4,6 5 7) 763
(3,8 9 3)
¥ (21,069)
                  ¥
   Cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying consolidated statement of cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020 are reconciled to cash and deposits reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2019 and 2020 as follows:
(Millions of yen)
   Cash and deposits
Time deposits with a maturity of more than three months after the purchase date Cash and cash equivalents
2019
¥ 143,201 (5,161)
¥ 138,040
2020
¥ 115,394 (3,461)
¥ 111,933
    “K” LINE REPORT 2020 85
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

19. Amounts per Share
Amounts per share at March 31, 2019 and 2020 and for the years then ended are as follows:
Nitto Total Logistics Ltd. and SEAGATE CORPORATION
Principal businesses: Harbor transportation, warehousing, harbor tugboat service, custom brokerage, freight forwarding, etc.
(3) Date of business combination April 1, 2019
(4) Legal form of business combination
Establishment of joint holding company through share transfer
(5) Overview of the transaction
On April 1, 2019, the Company established a joint holding company that became the wholly owning parent company of the three domestic harbor transportation subsidiaries of the Company through an associated share transfer, and 49% of the total shares of the holding company were then transferred to Kamigumi Co., Ltd. (“Kamigumi”). Further enhancement of service quality by utilizing resources such as technology, knowledge and management resources that the Company and Kamigumi have cultivated in the harbor transportation business and domestic logistics business.
2. Overview of accounting treatment
Based on the Accounting Standard for Business Combinations (ASBJ Statement No.21, January 16, 2019) and the Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Business Combinations and Accounting Standard for Business Divestitures (ASBJ Guidance No. 10, January 16, 2019), the Company has treated the transactions as a transaction under common control, etc.
3. Items related to changes in the Company’s ownership interest resulting from transaction with non-controlling shareholders
(1) Main cause of change in capital surplus
Partial sales of shares of subsidiaries not resulting in change in scope
of consolidation
(2) Increase in capital surplus due to the transactions with non-
controlling shareholders ¥12,662 million
21. Segment Information
Segment information for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020
1. Overview of reporting segments
The Company’s reporting segments are its structural units, for which separate financial information is available, and which are subject to periodic review by the Board of Directors in order to assist decision- making on the allocation of managerial resources and assessment of business performance.
The Group is a shipping business organization centering on marine transportation service and has three reporting segments, which are the dry bulk segment, the energy resource transport segment and the product logistics segment, considering the economic characteristics, service contents and method of the provision and categorization of the market and customers.
The dry bulk segment includes dry bulk business. The energy resource transport segment includes tanker business, thermal coal carrier business, LNG carrier business, and offshore energy E&P support business. The product logistics segment includes the following business: car carrier business, logistics business, short sea and coastal business, and containership business.
2. Calculation method of reporting segment profit (loss)
Reporting segment profit (loss) represents based on ordinary income (loss). Intra-group revenues and transfers are intra-group transactions which are based on market price and other.
3. Information on operating revenues, profit or loss, assets, and other items by each reporting segment
Reporting segment information for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020 consisted of the following:
 (Yen)
  Net assets
Profit (loss) profit attributable to owners of the parent:
Basic
2019
¥ 1,110.48 (1,192.08)
2020
¥ 1,083.88 56.50
 Net assets per share have been computed based on the number of shares of common stock outstanding at the year end.
Basic profit (loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share has been computed based on profit (loss) attributable to shareholders of common stock and the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.
Diluted profit attributable to owners of the parent per share for the year ended March 31, 2019 has not been presented although dilutive potential common shares exist, because loss for the year was recorded.
Diluted profit attributable to owners of the parent per share for the year ended March 31, 2020 has not been presented because dilutive potential common shares do not exist.
The financial data used in the computation of basic profit (loss) per share for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020 in the table above is summarized as follows:
(Millions of yen)
  Information used in computation of basic profit (loss) per share:
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of the parent
Weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding
2019
¥ (111,188)
2020
¥ 5,269
  (Thousands of shares)
2019 2020
  The Company introduced a new performance-based share remuneration plan “Board Benefit Trust (BBT)” during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. The shares held by the Trust are included in treasury stock, which is deducted in calculating the number of treasury stock at the end of the year and the average number of shares of common stock outstanding when calculating the basic profit (loss) attributable to owners of the parent per share and diluted profit attributable to owners of the parent per share during the current year. The average number of shares of common stock outstanding was 447,254 and 446,238 shares for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively.
20. Business combination
Business combination for the years ended March 31, 2020
Transaction under common control, etc.
(Establishment of Joint Holding Company through Share Transfer and Partial Transfer of Holding Company’s Shares)
1. Overview of transaction
(1) Name of the company after combination and its principal business Wholly owning parent company through share transfer: KLKG HOLDINGS, Co., Ltd.
Principal business: Management of its subsidiaries within the group and the business of the group as a whole
(2) Name of combined companies and their principal businesses Wholly owned subsidiary through share transfer: Daito Corporation,
93,272
93,272
  86
“K” LINE REPORT 2020

  Energy resource Dry bulk transport
¥ 273,826 ¥ 88,701 160 0
¥ 273,986 ¥ 88,701
¥ 4,441 ¥ 2,491 ¥263,305 ¥ 242,849
¥ 13,448 ¥ 11,136 353 587 3,060 3,248
– 1,183
– 23,349 14,269 42,519
Energy resource Dry bulk transport
¥ 233,781 ¥ 84,676 38 0
¥ 233,820 ¥ 84,676
¥ 4,089 ¥ 9,921 ¥ 245,295 ¥ 226,470
¥ 14,674 ¥ 12,226 163 455 3,169 3,792
5 3,289
396 29,054 14,740 45,002
Product logistics
¥ 441,028 8,901
¥ 449,929
¥ (49,196) ¥ 386,734
¥ 14,484 670 1,821
(20,136)
(Millions of yen)
2019
Other (*1)
¥ 33,175 48,954
¥ 82,129
¥ 1,124 ¥ 63,851
¥ 1,434 249 289
77
Total
Adjustments and eliminations (*2)
Consolidated
¥ 836,731 –
¥ 836,731
¥ (48,933) ¥ 951,261
¥ 40,789 1,627 8,340
(18,875)
125,159 97,911
Consolidated
 1.Revenues:
(1) Operating revenues from customers
(2) Intra-group revenues and transfers
Total revenues
2.Segment profit (loss) (*3) 3.Segment assets
4.Others
(1) Depreciation and amortization
(2) Interest income
(3) Interest expenses
(4) Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates, net
(5) Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates accounted for by the equity method
(6) Increase in vessels, property and equipment and intangible assets
1.Revenues:
(1) Operating revenues from customers
(2) Intra-group revenues and transfers
Total revenues
2.Segment profit (loss) (*3) 3.Segment assets
4.Others
(1) Depreciation and amortization
(2) Interest income
(3) Interest expenses
(4) Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates, net
(5) Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates accounted for by the equity method
(6) Increase in vessels, property and equipment and intangible assets
¥836,731 ¥ – 58,015 (58,015)
 97,829 3,981
40,270
619
(Millions of yen)
2020
¥ 894,747
¥ (41,139) ¥ 956,740
¥ 40,504 1,859 8,418
(18,875)
125,159 97,678
Total
¥ 735,284 57,076
¥ 792,360
¥ 12,809 ¥ 906,176
¥ 44,012
1,288 (164) 9,723 453
8,011 –
131,353 – 80,938 210
¥ (58,015)
¥ (7,794) ¥ (5,479)
 ¥
284 (232) (78)
–
– 233
   Product Other logistics (*1)
384,508 ¥ 32,318 8,366 48,670
392,874 ¥ 80,989
(2,9 3 3) ¥ 1,732 380,026 ¥ 54,384
16,323 ¥ 788 456 213 2,583 178
4,630 86
97,836 4,066 20,839 355
Adjustments and eliminations (*4)
 ¥
¥
¥ ¥
¥
¥–¥ (57,076)
735,284 –
735,284
7,407 896,081
44,253 1,123 10,177
8,011
131,353 81,148
 ¥ (57,076)
¥ (5,401) ¥ (10,095)
¥
¥ ¥
 ¥ 241 ¥
 “K” LINE REPORT 2020 87
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

*1 The “Other” segment consists of business segments not classified into aforementioned three reporting segments, including ship management service, travel agency business, real estate rental and management business and others.
*2 (1) The adjustment and elimination of segment profit (loss) of ¥7,794 million includes the following elements: ¥272 million of intersegment transaction eliminations and ¥7,522 million of corporate expenses, which are mainly general and administrative expenses not distributed to specific segments.
(2) The adjustment and elimination of segment assets of ¥5,479 million includes the following elements: ¥29,586 million of intersegment transaction eliminations and ¥24,107 million of corporate assets, which are not distributed to specific segments.
(3) The adjustment and elimination of depreciation and amortization of ¥284 million is depreciation and amortization of assets that belong to the entire group, which are not distributed to specific segments.
(4) The adjustment and elimination of interest income of ¥232 million includes the following elements: ¥447 million of intersegment transaction eliminations and ¥214 million of interest income, which are not distributed to specific segments.
(5) The adjustment and elimination of interest expenses of ¥78 million includes the following elements: ¥447 million of intersegment transaction eliminations and ¥368 million of interest expenses, which are not distributed to specific segments.
(6) The adjustment and elimination of increase in vessels, property and equipment, and intangible assets of ¥233 million is the increase in assets that belong to the entire group, which are not distributed to specific segments.
*3 Segment profit (loss) is adjusted for ordinary income (loss) as described in 2. Calculation method of reporting segment profit (loss).
*4 (1) The adjustment and elimination of segment profit (loss) of ¥5,401 million includes the following elements: ¥254 million of intersegment transaction eliminations and
¥5,655 million of corporate expenses, which are mainly general and administrative expenses not distributed to specific segments.
(2) The adjustment and elimination of segment assets of ¥10,095 million includes the following elements: ¥22,980 million of intersegment transaction eliminations and
¥12,884 million of corporate assets, which are not distributed to specific segments.
(3) The adjustment and elimination of depreciation and amortization of ¥241 million is depreciation and amortization of assets that belong to the entire group, which
are not distributed to specific segments.
(4) The adjustment and elimination of interest income of ¥164 million includes the following elements: ¥318 million of intersegment transaction eliminations and ¥153
million of interest income, which are not distributed to specific segments.
(5) The adjustment and elimination of interest expenses of ¥453 million includes the following elements: ¥318 million of intersegment transaction eliminations and
¥771 million of interest expenses, which are not distributed to specific segments.
(6) The adjustment and elimination of increase in vessels, property and equipment, and intangible assets of ¥210 million is the increase in assets that belong to the
entire group, which are not distributed to specific segments.
Revenues by countries or geographical areas for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020 are summarized as follows (*):
(Millions of yen)
2019
   Revenues
Revenues
Japan
¥ 705,878
Japan
¥ 613,509
U.S.A.
¥ 47,177
U.S.A.
¥ 42,774
Europe
¥ 39,783
Asia
¥ 43,797
Others
¥ 93
Others
¥ 679
Total
¥ 836,731
Total
¥ 735,284
 (Millions of yen)
2020
  Europe
¥ 36,465
Asia
¥ 41,854
  (*) Change in Presentation:
These revenues are summarized based on the locations of the Company and its subsidiaries, which recognize revenue from the current fiscal year, although they had been based on the locations of customers previously. This change enables the Company to summarize revenues more reasonably from the point of view of the characteristics of service provided by international shipping business. Along with this change, the figures for the previous fiscal year are presented in accordance with the classification after the changes.
At March 31, 2019 and 2020, vessels, property and equipment by countries or geographical areas are summarized as follows:
(Millions of yen)
2019
     Vessels, property and equipment
Vessels, property and equipment
Japan
¥ 327,703
Japan
¥ 308,729
Singapore
¥ 50,626
Others
¥ 70,301
Total
¥ 448,632
Total
¥ 431,089
  (Millions of yen)
2020
Singapore Others
¥ 57,278 ¥ 65,081
       88
“K” LINE REPORT 2020

Losses on impairment of vessels, property and equipment for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020 are as follows:
(Millions of yen)
2019
   Loss on impairment of vessels, property and equipment
Loss on impairment of vessels, property and equipment
Dry bulk
¥ 100
Dry bulk
¥ 58
Energy resource transport
¥ 2,103
Energy resource transport
¥ 254
Product logistics
¥ 6,785
Other (*)
¥ –
Adjustments and eliminations
¥ 12
Adjustments and eliminations
¥ 12
Total
¥ 9,001
Total
¥ 604
 (Millions of yen)
2020
  Product logistics
¥ 249
Other (*)
¥ 28
  (*) The “Other” segment consists of business segments not classified into aforementioned three reporting segments, including ship management service, travel agency business, real estate rental and management business and others.
22. Related Party Transactions
1. Transactions with related parties
Transactions with the Company and related parties for the years ended March 31, 2019 is summarized as follows:
 Name
OCEAN NETWORK EXPRESS PTE. LTD. (*1)
Location
SINGAPORE
Amount of capital stock
$ 3,000,000
Business description
Container Shipping Business
Voting (%)
–
Relationship
Investee Chartering contractor, etc. Interlocking directors
Balance at the end of year
¥ 3,508
227
312
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
   (Millions of yen)
 Details of business transaction
Underwriting of additional investments
Receiving charter hire, etc. (*2)
Amount of transaction
¥ 72,243
89,804
Account
  Accounts and notes receivable – trade
Other current assets
Investments in and advances to unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates
   (*1) OCEAN NETWORK EXPRESS PTE. LTD. is a subsidiary of Ocean Network Express Holdings, Ltd., which holds direct ownership of 100% of voting rights. Ocean Network Express Holdings, Ltd. is an equity-method affiliate of the Company.
(*2) Fee for charter hire, etc. is determined after discussion considering market prices, hiring cost and acquisition cost. There is no applicable item for the year ended March 31, 2020.
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 89
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

2. Notes on parent company and subsidiaries and affiliates
Summarized financial statements of significant affiliate are as follows:
OCEAN NETWORK EXPRESS PTE. LTD. is classified as a significant affiliate for the year ended March 31, 2020. The affiliate’s summarized financial
statements for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2020 are as follows:
Total current assets Total fixed assets
Total current liabilities Total long-term liabilities
Total net assets
Operating revenues
Profit (loss) before income taxes Profit (loss)
23. Subsequent Event
(Millions of yen)
   ¥
2019
376,069 42,144
168,066 5,320
244,825
1,258,215 (61,790) (65,147)
¥
2020
386,172 622,557
249,797 508,869
250,062
1,374,870 18,710 12,702
   (Financing through Subordinated Loan)
The Company raised funds through the commitment line agreement on April 20, 2020, which was agreed to on March 20, 2018. An overview of
subordinated loan is as follows.
(1) Use of loan proceeds
(2) Lending institutions
(3) Total loan amount
(4) Loan execution date
(5) Repayment due date
(6) Collateral assets or guarantee
Working capital
A syndicate with Mizuho Bank, Ltd. as the arranger ¥47.6 billion
April 20, 2020
September 30, 2020
None
              90
“K” LINE REPORT 2020

Independent Auditor's Report
  “K” LINE REPORT 2020 91
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

  92 “K” LINE REPORT 2020

  “K” LINE REPORT 2020 93
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

Organization (as of July 1, 2020)
  Assistant to Auditors
 Shareholders’ Meeting
  Internal Audit Group
 Remuneration Advisory Committee
   Nomination Advisory Committee
Dry Bulk Carriers Unit
Drybulk Planning Group
 Coal & Iron Ore Carrier Business Group
   Coal & Iron Ore Carrier Planning & Operation Group
 Bulk Carrier Group
  Directors
(Board of Directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board Members (Audit & Supervisory Board)
 Energy Business Planning Group
  LNG Group
  Management Conference
Senior Managing Executive Officers and above, etc.
 Energy Transportation Business Unit
Thermal Coal Group
  President & CEO
Tanker Group
   Executive Officers’ Meeting
Executive Officers and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Fuel Strategy & Procurement Group
  Logistics and Affiliated Business Promotion Group
  Port Business Group
  Product Logistics Business Unit
Car Carrier Planning & Development Group
 CSR & Environmental Committee
 Car Carrier Business Group
 Car Carrier Quality and Operations Group
  Investment Committee Crisis Management Committee
Compliance Committee
 Containership Business Unit
Containerships Business Group
   General Affairs Group
  Legal Group
  Ship Safety Promotion Committee
Corporate Legal Risk & Compliance Group
  Corporate Unit
Human Resources Group
 IR & PR Group
   Corporate Planning Group
 Finance Group
 Disaster Response Committee
 Accounting Group
 Taxation Group
 Management Risk Committee
 Registered Head Office/Kobe General Affairs Group
 Safety and Quality Management Group
  Environment/ Technology Committee
 Marine Human Resource Group
  Marine Sector, Advanced Technology, Ship Technical and Environmental Affairs Unit
“K” LINE Training Center
 Health Enhancement Committee
  Advanced Technology Group
 Ship Technical Group
 AI/Digitalization Promotion Committee
 Environment Management Group
  Information System, AI/Digitalization Strategy Unit
Information System Group
   AI/Digitalization Strategy Group
 Nagoya Branch
  Kansai Branch
  94 “K” LINE REPORT 2020
Overseas Representative Offices
Taipei, Manila, Yangon, Dubai

 Global Network
Financial Section / Corporate Data
World headquarters
Overseas major affiliates, representative offices and branches
Japan
Tokyo (Head office)
Kobe (Registered head office) Nagoya
Kansai
Europe
Belgium
Antwerp
Germany
Bremen Bremerhaven Hamburg Norway Arendal
U.K.
London Southampton
Africa
South Africa
Durban
Middle East
United Arab Emirates
Dubai
Asia
China
Guangzhou Shanghai Tianjin
India
Mumbai Indonesia Jakarta
Korea
Busan
Seoul
Malaysia
Shah Alam Myanmar Yangon
the Philippines Manila Singapore Singapore
Taiwan
Kaohsiung Taipei Thailand Bangkok
Laem Chabang Vietnam Haiphong Hanoi
Ho Chi Minh City
Oceania
Australia
Fremantle Melbourne
North America
U.S.A.
Baltimore Dallas Houston Los Angeles New York Portland
Preston Richmond San Francisco
Central & South America
Brazil
Rio de Janeiro Sao Paulo Chile Santiago Mexico Altamira Mexico City Peru
Lima
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 95

Major Subsidiaries and Affiliates*1 (as of March 31, 2020)
  Domestic
Company name
Kawasaki Kinkai Kisen Kaisha, Ltd.
Shibaura Kaiun Co., Ltd.
“K” Line RoRo Bulk Ship Management Co., Ltd. Nitto Total Logistics Ltd.*4
Seagate Corporation*4
Rinko Corporation
“K” Line Logistics, Ltd.
Shinto Rikuun Kaisha, Ltd.
“K” Line Travel, Ltd.
“K” Line Engineering Co., Ltd.
“K” Line Business Systems, Ltd.
“K”Line Business Support, Ltd. K Line Next Century GK
Company name
“K” Line Bulk Shipping (UK) Limited
“K” Line European Sea Highway Services GmbH K Line Offshore AS
Northern LNG Transport Co.,IILtd.
“K” Line America, Inc.
“K” Line (Belgium) N.V.
KLine (China) Ltd.
“K” Line (Deutschland) GmbH
“K” LINE’s ownership (%) *2
51.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0
25.1
91.9 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0
“K” LINE’s ownership (%) *2
100.0 100.0 100.0
36.0 100.0 51.0 100.0 100.0
Paid-in capital (millions yen) *3
¥ 2,368 20 400 1,596 270 1,950 600 10 100 50 40
30 0.1
Paid-in capital (millions) *3
US$ 33 EUR 5 NOK 2,296 US$ 52 US$ 15 EUR 0.06 US$ 2 EUR 0.1
Fiscal 2019 revenue (millions yen) *3
   ¥
42,025 752 36,388 14,586 7,705 16,803 24,132 736 5,232 1,620 1,070
616 0
 Asahi Kisen Kaisha, Ltd.
100.0
100
204
 “K” Line Energy Ship Management Co., Ltd.
 100.0
 75
 10,842
 Daito Corporation*4
 100.0
 842
 23,019
Hokkai Transportation Co., Ltd.
80.1
60
11,763
Nitto Tugboat Co., Ltd.
100.0
150
4,174
KLKG Holdings, Co., Ltd.
 51.0
 10
 0
  Japan Express Transportation Co., Ltd.
 100.0
 100
 2,802
Maizuru Kousoku Yusou Co., Ltd.
 100.0
 25
 703
  Ocean Network Express Holdings, Ltd.
  31.0
  50
  224
 Shinki Corporation
85.5
80
2,664
KMDS Co., Ltd.
100.0
40
1,163
Offshore Operation Co., Ltd.
55.8
26
2,063
    Overseas
Fiscal 2019 revenue (millions) *3
US$ 158 EUR 104 NOK 421 US$ 22 US$ 17 EUR 1 CNY 21 EUR 6
  “K” Line LNG Shipping (UK) Limited
100.0
US$ 35
US$ 88
‘K’ Line (India) Shipping Private Limited
80.0
INR 609
INR 614
Northern LNG Transport Co.,ILtd.
49.0
US$ 47
US$ 22
Ocean Network Express Pte. Ltd.*5
 –
 US$ 3,000
 US$ 12,631
 “K” Line (Australia) Pty Limited
100.0
A$ 0.0001
A$ 5
“K” Line Brasil Transportes Maritimos Ltda.
100.0
BRL 1
BRL 5
“K” Line Chile Ltda
100.0
US$ 0.6
US$ 0
96
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
Marine transportation
 Ship management
 Harbor transportation / Warehousing
 Logistics
 Land transportation
 Travel business
 Holding company
 Other business
      Marine transportation
“K” Line Pte Ltd
100.0
US$ 41
US$ 192
 Shipping agency
“K” Line (Europe) Limited
100.0
£0.01
£3
     
   Overseas
Company name
“K” Line (Korea) Ltd.
K Line Mexico SA de CV
“K” Line Shipping (South Africa) Pty Ltd
K Line (Thailand) Ltd.
PT. K Line Indonesia
“K” Line Ship Management (Singapore) Pte.Ltd. Husky Terminal & Stevedoring, Inc.
Century Distribution Systems (Canada), Inc. Century Distribution Systems (Hong Kong) Limited Century Distribution Systems (Shenzhen) Limited Universal Logistics System, Inc.
“K” Line Logistics (Hong Kong) Ltd.
K Line Logistics South East Asia Ltd.
“K” Line Logistics (UK) Ltd.
K Line Total Logistics, LLC
PMC Transportation Company, Inc.
Multimodal Engineering Corporation
“K” Line Holding (Europe) Limited
“K” Line TRS S.A.
“K” LINE’s ownership (%) *2
100.0 100.0 51.0 39.0 49.0
100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0
95.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0
ZAR: South African rand NT$: New Taiwan dollars THB: Thai baht
VND: Vietnamese dong
Paid-in capital (millions) *3
KRW 400 MXN 0.8 ZAR 0.0001 THB 30 IDR 2,557
S$ 0.7
US$ 0.1
US$ 0.0001
HK$ 0.07
CNY 5
US$ 12
HK$ 8
THB 73
£0.2
US$ 0.01
US$ 0
US$ 0.1 £45
US$ 0.006
Fiscal 2019 revenue (millions) *3
KRW 6,258 US$ 1 ZAR 19 THB 2,022 IDR 20,178
US$ 62
US$ 94
US$ 0
HK$ 41
CNY 492
US$ 0
HK$ 109
THB 0
£5
US$ 16
US$ 0
US$ 14 £0
US$ 0
     “K” Line Maritime (M) Sdn Bhd
57.5
MYR 0.3
MYR 0
“K” Line Peru S.A.C.
100.0
PEN 1
PEN 2
“K” Line (Taiwan) Ltd.
60.0
NT$ 60
NT$ 55
“K” Line (Vietnam) Limited
100.0
US$ 3
VND 19,679
‘K’ Line (India) Private Limited
 50.0
 INR 60
 INR 360
  Ship management
  International Transportation Service, Inc.
 70.0
 US$ 33
 US$ 200
Terminal operator
  Century Distribution Systems, Inc.
 100.0
 US$ 2
 US$ 28
Freight consolidation
Century Distribution Systems (Europe) B.V.
100.0
EUR 0.01
EUR 1
Century Distribution Systems (International) Limited
100.0
HK$ 1
HK$ 242
Century Distribution Systems (Shipping) Limited
 100.0
 HK$ 0.000001
 HK$ 0
  Warehousing
Universal Warehouse Co.
 100.0
 US$ 0.05
 US$ 7
  Logistics
“K” Line Logistics (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
100.0
S$ 1
S$ 28
K Line Logistics (Thailand) Ltd.
86.5
THB 20
THB 958
“K” Line Logistics (U.S.A.) Inc.
100.0
US$ 0.3
US$ 69
  ULS Express, Inc.
 100.0
 US$ 0.05
 US$ 5
Land transportation
  Bridge Chassis Supply LLC.
 100.0
 US$ 7
 US$ 3
Container repairing
  Kawasaki (Australia) Pty. Ltd.
 100.0
 A$ 4
 A$ 7
Holding company
“K” Line Drilling/Offshore Holding, INC.
 100.0
 US$ 0.001
 US$ 0
  Other business
“K” Line Auto Logistics Pty Ltd.
*1. Includes main consolidated subsidiaries, equity-method subsidiaries and equity-method affiliates.
*2. Includes holdings of subsidiaries.
*3. Rounded down to the nearest million.
*4. KLKG Holdings, Co., Ltd. owns the company.
*5. Ocean Network Express Holdings, Ltd. owns 100% of the company. Subsidiaries and affiliates accounted for with the equity method
¥: Japanese yen
US$: United States dollars EUR: Euro
INR: Indian rupee
NOK: Norwegian krone A$: Australian dollars BRL: Brazil Real
£: Pounds sterling
KRW: Korean won MYR: Malaysian ringgit MXN: Mexican peso PEN: Peruvian SOL
IDR: Indonesian rupiah S$: Singapore dollars HK$: Hong Kong dollars CNY: Chinese renminbi
50.0
A$ 67
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 97
A$ 0.1
      Financial Section / Corporate Data

Outline of the Company / Stock Information
Outline of the Company (as of March 31, 2020)
Stock Information (as of March 31, 2020)
Name Established Paid-in capital President Employees
Business lines Offices
Head office
Registered head office
Branches
Overseas representative offices
Overseas agents
Affiliated companies
(to be consolidated)
Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. (“K” LINE)
April 5, 1919
¥75,457.64 million
Yukikazu Myochin (Effective from April 1, 2019) On-land Duty 562
At-sea Duty 205 Unconsolidated total 767 Consolidated total 6,164
Marine transportation, Land transportation, Air transportation, Through transportation involving marine, land and air transportation, Harbor transportation, etc.
Iino Building, 1-1, Uchisaiwaicho 2-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8540, Japan Phone: (+81) 3-3595-5000
Fax: (+81) 3-3595-5001
Shinko Building, 8 Kaigandori, Chuo-ku, Kobe 650-0024, Japan
Phone: (+81) 78-332-8020
Fax: (+81) 78-393-2676
Nagoya:
Nagoya International Center Building, 47-1, Nagono 1-chome, Nakamura-ku, Nagoya 450-0001, Japan
Phone: (+81) 52-589-4510
Fax: (+81) 52-589-4585
Kansai:
Shinko Building, 8 Kaigandori, Chuo-ku, Kobe 650-0024, Japan
Phone: (+81) 78-325-8727
Fax: (+81) 78-393-2676
Taipei, Manila, Yangon, Dubai
Korea, China, Taiwan, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam, India, Australia, U.K., Germany, Belgium, Denmark, Turkey, U.S.A., Mexico, Chile, Peru, Brazil, South Africa, etc.
27 (domestic), 292 (overseas)
Authorized
Issued
Number of shareholders
Shareholder registry administrator
Listing of shares
200,000,000 shares of common stock 93,938,229 shares of common stock 27,533
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited 4-1, Marunouchi 1-chome,
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan Tokyo, Nagoya and Fukuoka
Principal Shareholders (as of March 31, 2020)
 Shareholders
Number of shares held (thousands)
12,716 5,651
3,708
3,283
2,417
Percentage of shares held (%)
13.56 6.02
3.95
3.50
2.57
 ECM MF
 GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL
10,516
11.21
MLI FOR CLIENT GENERAL OMNI NON COLLATERAL NON TREATY-PB
CGML PB CLIENT ACCOUNT ⁄ COLLATERAL
IMABARI SHIPBUILDING CO., LTD.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account)
J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES PLC FOR AND ON BEHALF OF ITS CLIENTS JPMSP RE CLIENT ASSETS-SEGR ACCT
4,330
4.61
Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd.
(Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. retirement benefit trust account re-entrusted by Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.)
3,392
3.61
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account)
2,811
2.99
Sompo Japan Insurance Inc.
 1,910
 2.03
 Stock Price Range & Trading Volume (Tokyo Stock Exchange)
(Thousands)
40,000 30,000 20,000 10,000
0
2018 2019 2020
(Yen)
3,000 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
* Percentage of shares held is calculated excluding treasury stock (195,683 shares).
                     98
“K” LINE REPORT 2020
Apr. May Jun. Jul. Aug. Sep. Oct. Nov. Dec. Jan. Feb. Mar. Apr. May Jun. Jul. Aug. Sep. Oct. Nov. Dec. Jan. Feb. Mar.
Open High Close Close Low Open
Volume

“K” LINE’s Websites
In addition to this report, more information is available on “K” LINE’s website, including the Charter of Conduct for “K” LINE Group Companies and environmental data.
  Investor Relations
HOME > Investor Relations
Environmental Data
HOME > CSR > Environment > Environmental Data
External Recognition
In recognition of our CSR initiatives, “K” LINE has been selected as a component in Socially Responsible Investment (SRI) and ESG indices used all over the world.
• FTSE4Good Index Series
• FTSE Blossom Japan Index
• ETHIBEL EXCELLENCE Investment Register
• Dow Jones Sustainability Asia/Pacific Index
• S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index
In recognition of our disclosure of climate change information and efforts to reduce greenhouse gases, we have been selected for the CDP Climate Change A List for four consecutive years and for the Supplier Engagement Leaderboard in 2019.
Additional information about external recognition is available at the following webpage.
HOME > CSR > External Recognition
CSR
HOME > CSR
    Corporate Governance Report
HOME > CSR > Governance > Corporate Governance > Corporate Governance Report
         (As of June 2020)
“K” LINE REPORT 2020 99
 Financial Section / Corporate Data

Iino Building, 1-1,
Uchisaiwaicho 2-chome,
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8540, Japan Phone : (+81) 3-3595-5000 (Switchboard) Fax : (+81) 3-3595-5001 https://www.kline.co.jp/en/
 