Environmental Preservation
Creating a business enabling people worldwide to enjoy the benefits of highly efficient shipping with low environmental impact
 “K” LINE Environmental Vision 2050
The “K” LINE Environmental Vision 2050 announced in March 2015 set specific milestones to reach by 2019, the 100th anniversary of our founding. We have achieved many of the milestones, however, the dramatic changes in the environment around the world have made it necessary to reassess some of our goals for 2050 and set new milestone markers for 2030.
Today, tomorrow, to 2050 and beyond, we will continue our voyage of supporting sustaining and flourishing growth for society and “K” LINE.
  Minimize “K” LINE impact on the sea and air
• Zero oil spills
• Aim for zero environmental impact
       Support the environmental activities of society
2050 Reduce “K” LINE impact on the sea and air
Reduce the shipping operation’s impact on the sea and air, including zero oil spills
• Support the environmental activities
• Be the industry leader in ecosystem protection
“K” LINE decarbonization
Cut GHG emissions by 50% (improve CO2 emissions by 70% over 2008)
  Support the environmental activities of society
Increase environmental dialogue and activities
2030
Interim milestones
“K” LINE low-carbonization
Improve CO2 emission efficiency by 50% over 2008
Support the decarbonization of society
Be the transporter and supplier of new energySupport development low-carbon society
Transport and supply new energy for a low- carbon society
of a
       2019 Interim milestones
  Prevent
marine pollution and protect the ecosystem
      Diversify Turning energysources risk into
Suppress greenhouse gas emissions
opportunity
  Reduce air pollution to as close to zero as possible
Scenario AnalysisWe used our scenario analysis to formulate the strategies needed to reach our future targets and to ensure we are prepared for any eventuality.
Climate change is expected to expose humankind
to major physical risk, such as serious natural disasters. To prevent this risk, it is widely believed that global warming must be held below a 2°C increase, and achieving this will require worldwide effort, such as environmental regulations to significantly reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. The “K” LINE Group is taking steps to reduce GHG emissions from the Group’s business activities based on the assumption thatthe below 2°C warming scenario will be realized. At the same time, we recognize that efforts to reduce GHG emissions may be insufficient, and that the 4°C warming scenario and intensifying physical risk is a possibility.
The Group must build the resilience to adapt to those conditions to ensure its business operations will continue.
We formulated roadmaps for how the Group should prepare for the anticipated negative (risk) and positive (opportunity) aspects of both the “below 2°C warming scenario” and the “4°C warming scenario.”  30 “K” LINE REPORT 2020
The Future We Aim For
Two
Scenarios The Future We Prepare For Just In Case
Below 2°C Warming Scenario
Additional information about the scenario analysis is available at the following webpage. Home > CSR > Environment > Environmental Promotion System > “K” LINE Environmental Vision 2050 “Blue Seas for the Future”
    4°C Warming Scenario
2030 Interim Milestones and Action PlanWe have formulated concrete action plans to drive us to the 2030 interim milestones on our way to the 2050 targets and further toward realizing a zero emissions world.Priority issuesAction Plan to 2030“K” LINE low-carbonization
• Improve CO2 emission efficiency by 50% over 2008 Surpassing the IMO target of a 40% improvement
• Strengthen ties with shipbuilding sites, customers, governments, investors, and all stakeholders to realize and launch zero-emission vesselsSupport development of a low-carbon society• Develop and expand new businesses that contribute to a low-carbon society
• Explore and develop new businesses that contribute to achieving a low-carbon societyReduce “K” LINE impact on the sea and air• Initiatives to maintain zero oil spills
• Reduce the environmental impact of ship operationsSupport the environmental activities of society• Increase environmental dialogue and activitiesInitiative Establish the LNG fuel supply business — Business start scheduled for 2020 —
 We will establish a business to provide a stable supply of
LNG for ship fuel. LNG has strong potential as an alternative to heavy oil and is an attractive fuel source with the increasingly stringent international regulations on ship emissions.
We have created a four-company alliance with JERA, Toyota Tsusho, and NYK Line to launch Japan’s first LNG bunkering vessel. LNG is an optimal fuel for lowering emissions to meet the stringent international regulations. Using LNG instead of heavy fuel oil can reduce emissions of sulfur oxides (SOx) and particulate matter (PM) by virtually 100%, nitrogen oxides (NOx) by as much as 80%, and carbon dioxide (CO2) by roughly 30%. Initiative Projects to execute Action Plan 2030
LNG fuel supply ship (illustration courtesy of Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.)
President & CEO
 Our sustainability management system is a cross-departmental organization administered directly by the president & CEO. The system is the backbone of our high-quality logistics services, which includes our strength areas of safety in navigation
and environmental response, and is key to continuing to enhance our competitiveness. The Safety and Environmental Technology Project Team is devoted to accelerating the incorporation of equipment and management technologies throughout the Group to enhance the safety of our services and further improve our service quality to meet customer needs. The Alternative Fuel Project Team considers measures to prepare for wider use of LNG-fueled vessels and the global development of LNG fuel supply business.Safety and Environmental Technology Project Team
Leader
Unit Supervising Executive Officer of the Information System and AI/Digitalization Strategy Unit, CIO
Member Groups
AI/Digitalization Strategy, Advanced Technology, Marine Human Resources, Safety and Quality Management, and other related sales and business groups
Alternative Fuel Project Team
Leader
Unit Supervising Executive Officer of the Energy Transportation Business Unit
Member Groups
Fuel Strategy & Procurement, Advanced Technology, Ship Technical, Safety and Quality Management, Environment Management, and other related sales and business groups
  “K” LINE REPORT 2020 31