Human Resources
Cultivating our onshore and maritime employees who are key to sustainable growth
We are cultivating human resources who will be the driving force for the ever-changing challenge of innovation and developing world-class maritime technicians who will ensure our ongoing safe operations. We are also reforming the workstyle standards in the Company to support various work styles and increase productivity. In addition, we are seeking to cultivate an organizational culture to make full use of employee skills and individuality.Onshore Employees“K” LINE takes a “health management” approach to its labor practices and closely monitors overtime work to prevent employees from becoming overworked. The Company strongly encourages employees to take at least the minimum of five days of annual paid leave required by Japan’s revised Labor Standards Act, and in fiscal 2019 all eligible employees took the leave. We are also preparing a variety of communication tools to broaden the use of the work-at-home system introduced in January 2019 to all departments.The goal of our human resource development is to cultivate personnel capable of taking charge of business management from a global perspective and applying sophisticated practical skills and abundant creativity to propel business transformation. We revamped the training programs to gear courses to specific job positions and levels of experience and introduced training sessions on logical thinking, problem solving, and presentation skills to boost practical skills.Initiative Certified as a 2020 Kurumin childcare support company
 The Tokyo Labor Bureau of the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare certified “K” LINE as a 2020 Kurumin Childcare Support Company in recognition of our efforts to support balanced work and childcare, encourage male employees to take leave to participate in childcare, and persuade employees to use their annual paid holidays. We will continue providing a stable foundation accommodating diverse and flexible work styles so our employees can make the full use of their abilities, including supporting employees with children, and promoting a healthy work-life balance. Maritime Employees
Securing and nurturing outstanding Japanese maritime employees to be leaders for crews of many nationalities is essential to international ocean shipping. In 2013, “K” LINE established a comprehensive in-house training program to foster outstanding maritime technical personnel and began recruiting students from non-maritime universities as well as seafarer training institutions.
Our training programs are designed for employees
seeking to advance both onshore and offshore careers, and encompass both onshore training at the “K” LINE Maritime Academy in Machida, Japan, and on-ship training programs. We develop world-class maritime technicians through a structured instruction system for acquiring the requisite knowledge and technical expertise along with training in effective teamwork skills.Initiative Renewed certification as a Business Operator Providing Superior Occupational Accident Prevention for Seafarers
 In fiscal 2019, the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism once again recognized “K” LINE as a Business Operator Providing Superior Occupational Accident Prevention for Seafarers (General Class 1). The MLIT created the program to recognize individual shipping fleet operators and provide official certification of companies that take voluntary measures to prevent occupational accidents for seafarers.
“K” LINE was the only international shipping company in Japan to receive the highest Class 1 ranking when it was created in 2008, and we have been certified at the highest level every year since. Class 1 distinction includes requiring a company to have no violations of the Mariners Law for the past five years. “K” LINE REPORT 2020 33