Sustainable Individual Business StrategiesVision
From the children, who will be the future, to the elderly, we provide one-stop solutions that meet the diverse lifestyle needs of our customers at various stages of their lives, and support the richness of their lifestyles in the age of centenarians.
Medium-Term Management Plan Strategy
We will increase the versatility of our staff and provide one-stop solutions for asset management and loans.
With our sights set on the age of centenarians, we enhance our financial services in line with our customers’ life events, such as marriage, education, and inheritance, and also approach our customers from the financial services side to help solve local community issues by grasping the needs for things, people, and experiences beyond financial services. In addition, in order to increase customer access points, we improve our smartphone apps and contact centers, upgrade branch consultation spaces, and provide comprehensive solutions to approximately three million people who are forming their wealth.
 Detailed Response to Diverse Financial Needs
We provide optimal solutions to meet the diverse financial needs of our clients, which vary according to their life events and asset backgrounds.
Finding employment
Marriage
Birth of children Home ownership and education
Preparations for emergencies
Retirement
Succession of assets
Asset management
Education savings Gift trusts
Inheritance     Asset building
Bank account for salary deposit
Term insurance, whole life insurance, medical insurance
Education loans, car loans, credit card loans
Pension receiving service
Personal trusts Inheritance consulting
 NISA, investment trusts, individual annuity insurance, lump-sum payment whole life insuranceMortgage and renovation loansLoans for HNWI 20s 30s 60s 70s
    Objectives of the Medium-Term Management Plan and Solution Delivery System
We are expanding our comprehensive solutions for life events. We also offer advanced private banking services to high net worth individuals, building medium to long-term relationships.Number of investment trust contracts
Mortgage average balance
(10,000)
Rose about 100% in three years
4.3
FY 19
(100 million yen)
31,490
FY 18
(100 million yen)
122
FY 18
Rose about 20% in three years
 Investment-type product balance for individuals (group total)
   8.1
FY 21
32,599
FY 19
Over 34,000
FY 21
119
FY 19
Solutions for the wealthy
lThese services include providing consulting and solutions in cooperation with external specialists for asset management, loans, inheritance and succession of assets, as well as other highly specialized consultations.
1,245
FY 19
(100 million yen)
22,477
FY 18
           Main Support Menu
lLoans for property owners
lMeasures dealing with inheritance tax* lMeasures dealing with succession of shares lEffective use of real estate
lAsset management support
lAsset succession (e.g. wills)
lMoney trusts etc.
      * Total amount of investment-type product sales and consulting-related revenue
FY 21
  Solutions for the asset-building community
lWhen a customer opens an investment trust at the Bank of Yokohama, he or she can apply to open an Investment Trust Specified Account or a NISA Account, and purchase a Tsumitate[Savings} NISA account at the same time, either at a branch office or via a smartphone.
Number of IB investment trusts sold
l A complete service launched in December 2019 covering everything from opening an investment trust account to purchasing by smartphone.
Balance of loans for specific purposes
l Enhancements through advanced web promotions etc.
FY 19
FY 21One-stop solution offering systemH.O.-based
Wealth Manager
(Team of professionals for HNW Customers)
Build mid-to-long term relationship with ultra HNWIs and customize services to their needsBranch-based Financial
Financial Consultant
(One-stop solution for investment / loan needs)
A single contact point for investment and loan needs of HNWIs
Head Office
Group Companies
● Hamagin Tokai Tokyo Securities ● Hamagin Research Institute
● Sky Ocean Asset Management
External Expert
 Overarching solutions at different life eventsFinancial services More accessible points
Capture customer needs beyond the above
 Account opening/paymentMortgage loanSpecial purpose loanSavingsInvestment trusts/insurance
Direct channel
Enhance
● Mobile apps
● Web-based promotion ● Web-based promotion
 Real channel
Enhance
● In-branch consultation space ● B to E transactions, etc.13,713
(100 million yen)
2-fold (approx.) increase in three years
  11,042
About 1,000
FY 21
 812 567
  Main Support Menu
lAccount opening and payments
l Mortgages
lLoans for specific purposes
lTsumitate NISA* Investment trusts & insurance etc.
   31 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 32
Corporate solution revenue (total for both banks)
FY 18
FY 19
FY 18
FY 19 Life events Financial needs
Customer base
Linkage
                                                                                                            Lifestyle Support in the Age of Centenarians
  Wealth building support
The iDeCo personal defined contribution pension plan and the Tsumitate NISA small investment tax exemption are available to support asset formation through mid- to long-term accumulation. We also offer a Junior NISA, a children’s version that allows legal representatives (e.g. persons with parental authority) to manage assets on behalf of their children and grandchildren until they reach the age of 20.
Supporting greater financial literacy and children’s growth
Economic and financial education
Spreading and improving financial literacy is the core business of regional financial institutions. We are working to nurture the children who will be both the future of the region and to further revitalize the region.
The Bank of Yokohama offers on-site classes and hands-on banking experience through its Hamagin Okane no Kyoshitsu [Hamagin Money Classroom] financial education program, as well as information on Tsumitate NISA and iDeCo which provide for asset formation through mid to long-term accumulation, and through occupational seminars. We held approximately 1,400 seminars in FY 2019.
In June 2020, we published the SDGs for Beginners booklet to help local children learn the basics of the SDGs and are promoting its use in financial education and other settings.
Education loans
Tsumitate NISA balance
(100 million yen) 35 30
15 15
Support for Seniors in the Age of Centenarians
Club Anchor
The Bank of Yokohama is pleased to announce Club Anchor, a free membership service for customers 55 years and older. We believe that in order to live a long, fulfilling life, it is important to strike a balance between purpose in life, health, and money. That is why we provide a variety of information on financial services, nursing care, and inheritance.
In addition, we have set up a dedicated web-based Nursing Care Consultation Service in partnership with local nursing care providers, and our experts respond to your inquiries via e-mail.
Entry into trust business
The Bank of Yokohama handles trust services to meet the financial asset management and succession needs of individual customers.
The Hamagin Okane Trust, a monetary trust based substituting for a will, can meet two needs - that of asset succession, where money received from the customer is delivered in a lump sum to a second beneficiary designated in advance (the beneficiary) upon inheritance, and that of needs for asset administration, where the payment and use of the trust assets are entrusted to a person other than the customer (the beneficiary’s agent) if the customer becomes incapable of making decisions etc.
Support for Issues of Daily Life
The Bank of Yokohama provides Hamagin’s Eraberu Seikatsu Support, a service that introduces customers to partner businesses operating in the community to meet the needs of daily life, including nursing care facilities and renovations, home security, and monitoring services.
Special discounts, cash-back, and other benefits can be received by applying for services from a partner company via the dedicated page on the Yokohama Bank website. By helping to match the needs of customers with local businesses, we are also helping revitalize the region.
TOPIC
2,000件超
635件
19年度 20年度 21年度
0
FY 18 FY 18
Sustainable Individual Business Strategies
 Building a Society for the Next Generation
We are working to build a regional society that will link to the next generation by supporting the growth of children and the lives of seniors in the age of centenarians.
 Number of money trusts concluded - New Participation at the Bank of Yokohama -
         Dealing with Dementia IssuesSupport for use of the guardianship system
The Bank of Yokohama introduces you to affiliated trust companies if you wish to use the Adult Guardianship System, which is designed to help you manage your property and receive support in day-to-day living should your decision- making ability deteriorate in the future.
In addition, we offer Support for Guardianship System Deposits, which are designed to more safely protect the assets of customers (wards) already using the guardianship system. Separate management of funds not intended for daily use and a directive issued by the family court for all transactions, such as opening accounts, withdrawals, and cancellations, will be required, so the ward’s assets can be properly managed.Placement of Dementia Supporters at all branchesThe Bank of Yokohama has around 2,400 employees who are ‘dementia supporters’ and are ready to help those with dementia and their families when the need arises. Dementia supporter training courses on symptoms of dementia, support methods, attitudes etc. are conducted for employees by instructors from staff of the Regional Comprehensive Support Center, and employees with correct knowledge and understanding are placed in all sales offices throughout Japan.
In addition, each branch is working to improve services for customers who do not have adequate decision-making abilities by collaborating with community comprehensive support centers.Dementia InsuranceThe Bank of Yokohama offers dementia insurance products. In addition to preparing for the expenses that arise when a person is diagnosed with dementia and requires treatment or needs nursing care, adding the Special Clause for Designated Representative Claims allows a family member designated in advance to claim the benefits on behalf of the insured person should the insured person become unable to claim benefits due to dementia etc.The Bank of Yokohama offers essentially interest-free education loans for trouble-free educational funding to families affected by COVID-19. Those who live in Kanagawa Prefecture and have children enrolled in educational institutions such as universities and vocational schools can receive interest subsidies of up to 1.70% per year for the entire borrowing period from Kanagawa Prefecture.
Preparation for Natural Disasters
The Bank of Yokohama offers Disaster Support Mortgages that can reduce the burden of repayment in the event of a natural disaster.
In recent years, due to the earthquake and tsunami caused by the Great East Japan Earthquake, and the occurrence of typhoons and torrential rains including Typhoons No. 15 and No. 19 in 2019, customers have become increasingly concerned about natural disasters. This product can cover risks that are not covered by conventional insurance policies.
 33 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 34