Revitalizing the Regional Economy
Vision
By working to solve local problems and contributing to the sustainable development of the region, we will continue to develop as a company based on regional growth.
The Bank of Yokohama celebrates its 100th anniversary in 2020 and Higashi-Nippon Bank does so in 2024. We will continue to work hard to be an indispensable financial institution to our community for the next 100 years.
Medium-Term Management Plan Strategy
In the “Hamagin 10 Years in the Future Project”, in order to develop affluent and sustainable local communities, the Bank of Yokohama will go beyond simply supporting the implementation of measures laid out by the government and independently identify problems that the region could face ten years from now, proactively moving to propose and implement measures that will enable us to achieve our vision of the bank for 10 years in the future.
The bank will also collaborate with local governments, local universities, other financial institutions, and other partners to utilize its customer base and networks, which are the bank’s strengths, in order to build communities, revitalize tourism, and resolve issues faced by local businesses.
Concrete Initiatives
Support for Branding of Specialty Products
The Bank of Yokohama supported the Shonan Pomoron tomato product development project in cooperation with the city of Chigasaki and Bunkyo University after receiving an inquiry from a farmer in Chigasaki City about expanding sales channels for Shonan Pomorons, a tomato variety developed independently by Kanagawa Prefecture. This product was certified under the ‘Kanagawa Nadeshiko Brand’, a prefectural government project that recognizes outstanding products that women contributed to development of. Also, aroma oil developed in cooperation with the Oiso Town Chamber of Commerce and Industry and Sagami Women’s College is made from mandarin oranges grown in Oiso, and is sold at the college’s school festival and at the Oiso Town Chamber of Commerce and Industry Association.
Product Business Meetings
The Bank of Yokohama and the Tokyo Institute of Technology hold product business meetings with the aim of matching the university’s intellectual property with the needs of businesses and encouraging the development of new products and upgrading of technology by local companies. The business partners of Higashi-Nippon Bank and Chiba Bank have participated in the two product business meetings held so far and in one case university intellectual property has actually begun to be commercialized.
Also, joint product business meetings concerning food have been held with Chiba Bank and Yamanashi Chuo Bank. Buyers (trading companies, supermarkets, etc.) and suppliers (food manufacturers etc.) who are clients of each bank participated in the event, and a wide range of specialty products from Kanagawa, Chiba, and Yamanashi were traded to support the reconstruction of the areas affected by the typhoon and torrential rains.
Higashi-Nippon Bank organizes product business meetings to discover the appeal of food in collaboration with regional banks across the country, and works to match the businesses of our partner companies.
Cashless Taking Root in the Community
At the Bank of Yokohama, we were one of the first in the financial industry to provide the HamaPay smartphone-based payment service, with a focus on revolutionizing distribution and commercial transactions through cashless payment and creating a sustainable community where people can live with peace of mind. In cooperation with local governments, universities, shopping malls and commercial facilities, we aim to realize a safe and secure cashless society rooted in the community.
In addition to multi-bank support with BankPay member banks nationwide, such as the Japan Post Bank and Fukuoka Bank, HamaPay can also be used at JCB Smart Code merchants. The number of stores using HamaPay is expanding.
Building Sustainable Communities through Financing
The Bank of Yokohama cooperated with the City of Yokohama in financing the redevelopment of the Kamigo-Mori No Ie [Kamigo Forest House] training and accommodation facility in Yokohama.
The City of Yokohama will retain ownership of the facility and a private sector operator will raise funds to renovate and repair the facility, and then maintain and manage the facility under the RO PFI scheme. The Bank of Yokohama will help fund not only the renovation and maintenance costs of the facility, but also the management and operational costs of the project in the future.
The Bank of Yokohama assisted an agricultural corporation in the opening of a farmer’s restaurant in Fujisawa City, providing consultation services from the project’s conception, as well as application procedures for National Strategic Special Zone, financing, and the advice and business matching necessary for running the restaurant.
Strict regulations govern the construction of new buildings on farmland, but the restaurant was certified as a special zone by satisfying conditions such as producing its main ingredients in- house or procuring the ingredients within the city. The restaurant is built on farmland using elements of old Japanese-style housing from Kanagawa Prefecture and serves a menu that features local produce in a buffet style.
Regional Headquarters System
The Bank of Yokohama abolished its previous block sales headquarters system in April 2 0 1 8 and introduced a new regional headquarters system in order to work more closely with local communities. This new system organizes the sales area into two districts (head office, Tokyo and other prefectures) and five regions (East, Central, West, South, Kawasaki).
In the regional headquarters system, a regional manager is assigned as the head of each district or regionand is tasked with devising regional strategies to address the various issues and needs of the area, planning and putting into place the measures needed to achieve the strategy, as well as strengthening and enhancing the Hamagin 10 Yearsin the Future Project. Higashi-Nippon Bank has introduced a Block Sales Department System that organizes its sales area into 10 blocks.
Tokyo and other prefectures district
Kawasaki region
Head office district
Major Achievements of Collaboration with Local Governments, Local Universities, etc. (FY 2017 - 2019)
Collaboration with Local Governments
l Yugawara Town (Partnership Agreement for Regional Revitalization) l Isehara City (Partnership Agreement for Regional Revitalization) lOiso Town (Partnership Agreement for Support for Commerce and
Industry)
l Yokohama City (Agreement for Promoting Work Reform)
l Kawasaki City (Partnership Agreement for Promoting Industry) lYokosuka City (Agreement for Support for Small- and Medium-
Sized Business)
Collaboration with Local Universities
l Yokohama National University (Comprehensive Partnership Agreement for Regional Economic Revitalization)
lTokyo University of Agriculture (Comprehensive Partnership Agreement for Revitalization of Agriculture and Related Industries)
Cooperation with Other Financial Institutions
lYamanashi Chuo Bank, Shizuoka Bank (Partnership Agreement for Promoting Tourism)
35 CONCORDIA Financial Group
CONCORDIA Financial Group 36
Central region
Western region
Eastern region
Southern region
lTokyo Metropolitan Government (Partnership Agreement on Promoting Work Reform)
lKanagawa Prefecture (Agreement for Cooperation and Collaboration in Promoting SDGs)
l Yamakita Town (Comprehensive Partnership Agreement for Promoting Migration and Settlement)
l Sagamihara City (Partnership Agreement for Regional Revitalization) l Kiyokawa Village (Partnership Agreement for Regional Revitalization)
lTokyo Institute of Technology (Comprehensive Partnership Agreement for Regional Economic Revitalization)
lKeio University (Memorandum on Promoting Industry in Kawasaki City)
l Chiba Bank (Chiba/Yokohama Partnership)
Sustainable Individual Business Strategies
                                                                                                            Revitalizing the Regional Economy
Sustainable Individual Business Strategies
  Centenary of Founding of
Bank of Yokohama
The Bank of Yokohama will be celebrating its 100th anniversary on December 16, 2020. We would like to express our sincere gratitude to our customers and local residents for their support over the years. Thanks to this support, we have been able to build a 100-year history as a regional financial institution.
‘With 100 Years of Gratitude’ - the slogan created to celebrate our 100th anniversary A 100th year rookie declaration. It is our desire to return to our original intentions, to evoke a sense of gratitude, and to repay what everyone has given us.
The environment surrounding us is changing dramatically, but we will continue to work hard every day to transform ourselves into a new kind of financial institution, and will continue to be a bank that supports our customers and the communities we serve for the next 100 years.
   100 Years in Review
In December 1920, when 74 Bank, the largest ordinary bank in Yokohama at the time, was in financial difficulties, the local business community stood up and negotiated with the government to establish Yokohama Industrial Bank, the predecessor of the Bank of Yokohama, in order to rescue depositors and stabilize the local economy. Yokohama Industrial Bank was established with a special loan of 16 million yen from the government and the Bank of Japan, and its articles of incorporation clearly stated that its officers, except those employed full-time, would receive no remuneration, and that its shares would be ‘non-dividend’, making it an extremely public bank.
After surviving the Great Kanto Earthquake and the financial panic of the early Showa era of the late 1920s and 1930s, the bank became the only regional bank in Kanagawa Prefecture to see the end the war in 1945, and changed its name to the Bank of Yokohama in 1957. It steadily expanded its business in conjunction with the development of Kanagawa Prefecture and southwest Tokyo, where it was based and in 1969 it became the largest regional bank in Japan by volume of deposits.
The company moved to its current headquarters in Minatomirai, Nishi-ku, Yokohama, which was built in 1993, as part of its 70th anniversary project. After overcoming the tough times of the late 1990s when the impact of the bursting of the economic bubble was intense, in 2016 we merged with Higashi-Nippon Bank to launch a new financial group, the Concordia Financial Group, which has continued in operation since.
From the days of Yokohama Industrial Bank to the present, we have worked together with the people of the region as a regional financial institution.
Head office of the Yokohama Industrial Bank (1920) Head office operating from barracks after the Great Kanto Earthquake (1923)
    CONCORDIA Financial Group 38 Supporting Revitalization of Tourism
We support the revitalization of the region through the creation of a vibrant local economy and brand through between the public and private sectors.
We are also working on measures to support the recovery of local economies affected by COVID-19.
 Revitalization of the Miura Peninsula
The Bank of Yokohama, together with the Keikyu Electric Railway Co. and NTT DoCoMo Inc., has signed the Agreement on Cooperation and Collaboration for the Economic Revitalization of the Miura Peninsula Region with the aim of revitalizing the Miura Peninsula region, which is facing the challenges of declining birthrates and an aging population.
In cooperation with Chiba Bank, local governments, and tourist facilities, we also held cycle tourism in the form of a cycle stamp rally on cycle roads on the Boso Peninsula in Chiba Prefecture and the Miura Peninsula in Kanagawa Prefecture. A portion of the sales was donated to the two prefectures, which were severely hit by the typhoon, to support their regional revitalization and the reconstruction of the affected areas.
Support for sightseeing tours around shopping districts and famous sites
For one-day tours that connect shopping districts in Yokohama and tourist attractions, the Bank of Yokohama supports the revitalization of local shopping districts that support the local economy and the lives of citizens by providing ideas for excursions, proposing events to shopping district associations, and publicizing tours. Aside from the direct economic impact on shopping districts and tourist attractions, the event also provides an opportunity for participants to rediscover the area’s attractions.
Use of the Kanagawa Tourism Revitalization Fund
The Bank of Yokohama and the Regional Economy Vitalization Corporation of Japan (REVIC) have invested in the Kanagawa Tourism Revitalization Fund to support the opening of the Fujiya Ryokan in Yugawara Town and the Kamakura Cocon, a private inn in Kamakura that has been renovated from an old house and converted into an accommodation facility.
Support for Local Lodging and Restaurants
The Group will continue to develop measures to support the recovery of local economies that have been depressed by the effects of COVID-19.
In order to support consumption at local food and beverage businesses and lodging businesses whose business activities have been significantly affected, the Bank of Yokohama will implement measures to encourage our employees to patronize them. This initiative, which also serves as a demonstration test for the use of a dedicated smart phone app for local currency, aims to further increase consumption by providing subsidies as part of the bank’s welfare program.