Automotive-related Toward an Autonomous Driving Society Free of Traffic Accidents Through Communications and Sensing Technologies
 Kyocera is pursuing R&D initiatives to help make self-driving vehicles a practical reality ー including advanced object-rec- ognition technologies; miniature, power-efficient AI camer- as; and a Camera-LIDAR Fusion Sensor for high precision sensing. The Kyocera Group is working with Advanced Smart Mobility Co., Ltd. to promote demonstration testing of self-driven vehicles on public roads between Kyocera plants in Shiga Prefecture. Through this application of advanced communications and sensing technologies, we hope to help create a safer, accident-free, self-driving society.Growing Market
Traffic accident and fatality rates are trending downward. Nonetheless, the number of accidents involving elderly people is rising, and driver-assist technologies are increasingly seen as the key to meeting better traffic-safety goals worldwide.
■ Traffic accidents and fatalities (Japan)
No. of people 18,000
16,000 14,000 12,000 10,000
8,000 6,000
Fatalities
Traffic accidents
(Tens of thousands) 100
80 60 40
       4,000 2,000
20 00 1950 1960 1970 1980 1990 2000 2010 2019
 Year
 I2X roadside units
FIR (Far Infrared) camera
  Value Creation Strategy Priority Markets
 ●Development of AI Camera and Camera-LIDAR Fusion Sensor
AI Object-Recognition Camera
Kyocera has developed an AI-based object-recognition camera that offers excellent power efficiency and compact dimensions for in-ve- hicle applications. Advanced recognition technology makes it possi- ble to detect people, vehicles, and other objects accurately ー even when they are partially obscured. Pedestrians and vehicles detected by the car's front or rear cameras can be recognized instantly, with a high degree of accuracy, alerting the driver to potential danger.
   Camera-LIDAR Fusion Sensor
Highly advanced sensing capabilities enable LIDAR to act as the “eyes” of a vehicle, making it key to the commercialization of self-driving technologies.
Kyocera Corporation is developing an advanced Camera-LIDAR Fusion Sensor that combines a light detection and ranging sensor (LIDAR) and an optical image sensor in a single unit, elimi- nating parallax error and distortion.
Camera view
LIDAR view
Camera-LIDAR composite view
 ● Self-Driving Demonstration Tests on Public Roads Kyocera Corporation performed a joint self-driving demonstration test with Advanced Smart Mobility Co., Ltd. on a section of public road between Kyocera's Shiga Gamo and Shiga Yokaichi Plants (approximately 1 km).
The test vehicle was a 31-seat, 7-meter-long J6 compact electric bus from BYD Company Ltd., which underwent a self-driving Level 2 test that involved self-driving while manned at all times.
Looking forward, we hope to support the adoption of safe, secure public transit by linking buses with roadside units to share real-time information on areas with blind spots ー including object recogni- tion to locate pedestrians and other vehicles, as well as traffic signal timing.
●Toward Accident-Free Self-Driving via Communica- tions and Sensing Technologies
Kyocera Corporation is developing I2X* roadside units, which com- bine communications and in-vehicle sensing technologies, to mon- itor pedestrian and vehicle locations precisely for enhanced safety at intersections without traffic signals. We will continue verification testing of the effectiveness and consumer response to self-driving technologies to promote ITS infrastructure that can enable true autonomous driving.
※ I2X:Infrastructure-to-everything
Self-driving test vehicle
Traffic control using I2X roadside units at an intersection without traffic signals
Camera-LiDAR Fusion Sensor
(prototype)
    Data on traffic fatalities prepared by Kyocera Corporation. Source: National Police Agency (Japan). https://www.npa.go.jp/publications/statistics/koutsuu/toukeihyo_e.html
KYOCERA INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 18