Environment & Energy
 New Products and Services for “Self-Energy Consumption”
 The Kyocera Group's Japan-market energy business is ex- pected to see a shift in demand away from selling electric power based on the conventional fixed-price system toward a new method of renewable energy “self-consumption” in the future. In response to this trend, we are working to ex- pand sales of the world's first1 clay-type Li-ion storage bat- tery, solid-oxide fuel cells (SOFC), and energy management systems (EMS), together with our proven line of solar power generating systems.
We are also helping to solve societal challenges with effi- cient renewable energy use by providing new power ser- vices through regional microgrids and creating synergies with commercial power companies. At the same time, we are introducing systems and services to meet diversifying energy needs — including our Trifuente® system, which works by combining solar, storage, and fuel-cell technolo- gies with our energy management system.
 Kyocera
Kanden Energy LLP
 Growing Market
■North America ■Europe ■Asia-Pacific region ■Other regions
Kyocera EPA LLC
Service operator
   Value Creation Strategy Priority Markets
●Energy Management Initiatives
A consortium was established with Odawara City in Kanaga- wa and others to develop a regional microgrid that fully utilizes renewable energy and adjustable power sources. Kyocera will help promote regional economic development through collaboration with local power providers to help revitalize communities in a sustainable manner.
Kyocera's Yokohama Nakayama Plant has demonstrated the effectiveness of peer-to-peer (P2P)* power services. We are now exploring additional initiatives, including RE100 services, and further ways to utilize renewable energy. Kyocera's Shiga Yasu Plant is working to develop a resilient and sustainable “smart-city” concept to establish a self-con- signment business model for renewable energy.
EV automated driving in the 5G era
Accessible, attractive transportation system
Reliable energy systems even in emergency
Emergency power supply
Local consumption of locally produced energy
Autonomous dispersed energy systems
Energy services with regional infrastructure
Accessible transport for elderly and young families
Adopting community EVs
Net Zero-Energy Home (ZEH) and Zero-Energy Building (ZEB)
Environmentally friendly lifestyle
Creating diverse businesses
P2P electric power transactions
                 The Paris Agreement, adopted as part of a United Nations ini- tiative toward a low-carbon society, encourages Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to address the world's environ- ment and energy issues.
According to the IEA Sustainable Development Scenario, the world's renewable electric-generating capacity will increase dramatically between now and 2040.
■Global renewable electric-generating capacity, accord- ing to IEA
* P2P-based power transaction: Power supplied by individual and/or corporate owners of solar power generators, storage batteries, and related renewable facilities is optimized to meet fluctuating user demand via AI-driven predictive analytics and other technologies.
●Expansion of Our Power Service Business Kyocera Kanden Energy LLP, a limited liability company
established with The Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc., pro- vides new power services with its solar power generating systems. We hope to pursue synergies between our high quality, long-lasting solar power generating systems, and the Kansai Electric Power Group's expertise in energy services.
Further, Kyocera EPA LLC has established a leasing pro- gram for solar power providers to expand its power ser- vices business in the future.
●Trifuente®, a New Three-Battery Product Kyocera has started limited sales of our Enerezza®2 sys- tem, the world's first1 stationary residential energy stor- age system based on clay-type Li-ion storage batteries. Additionally, Kyocera Corporation has worked with Daini- chi Co., Ltd. and Purpose Co., Ltd. to provide Tokyo Gas Co., Ltd. with the Ene-Farm Mini ― the world's smallest3 household fuel-cell co-generation system ― which fea- tures a Kyocera-brand fuel cell unit and built-in hot-water tank.
Trifuente® is a system that combines Kyocera's solar cells, renowned for their quality and long-term reliability, with storage batteries, fuel cells, and energy management.
Sale of solar power generating systems
Electric power services
Electric power services
Home
No upfront costs
Industry
No upfront costs
  Sale of solar power generating systems
Solar power system lease
    Year
2018 2030 2040
0
2,000
4,000
6,000
8,000
10,000
12,000
Enerezza, a stationary residential energy storage system
(From left: power conditioner, storage battery unit, and remote control)
Ene-Farm Mini, a household fuel-cell co-generation system
(From left: heat-source machine and fuel cell unit)
KYOCERA INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 19