
AICHI STEEL REPORT 2018 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 
2018 

Our Vision 
We will strive to make positive contributions to society by providing appealing products from global perspectives and based on our vibrant and trustworthy corporate qualities. 
	1.	We will strive to make a positive contribution to society with safe, appealing, and useful technology and products.  
	2.	We will pull together culture based on trust, reliability and the pursuit of excellence.  
	3.	We will be a good corporate citizen, ever mindful of our environmental responsibilities.  
CSR Policy 
We will contribute to the sustainable progress of society and the Earth through our sound corporate activities. 
CSR Vision 
We will gain the trust and confidence of and give satisfaction to our customers and all our stakeholders. 
We will nurture employees who are open and fair, developing a corporate culture characterized by a challenging spirit. 
Aichi Way (Common values and codes of conduct to be followed by all employees of the Aichi Steel Group) 
Editorial Policy 
The Aichi Steel Report 2018 was prepared to assist understanding among our many stakeholders of the approaches taken by Aichi Steel and the Aichi Steel Group in fiscal 2017, ended March 31, 2018. Besides describing these approaches with specific examples, it sets forth as much as possible the causes and future initiatives concerning items for which targets have not yet been met. 
This fiscal year, as detailed in our new 2020 Medium-term Management Plan, we have written our report with a focus on clear communication of growth strategies for achieving our vision, and on what value we will contribute to society and how we will provide it. 
1 As before, this report was prepared using a Universal Design* 
(UD) font,*2 and use of color, volume of text, text size and other factors were also taken into consideration to create a more easily readable report. 
*1 Design that enables all persons, regardless of age, gender, or disability, to make use of products, services, housing, or facilities, both conveniently and comfortably. 
*2 A typeface design based on the concept of universal design. 
Readers 
This Report is mainly intended for our customers, suppliers, other business partners, shareholders and investors, affiliated companies and our employees. 
Report Period and Scope 
The Report covers activities conducted by the Aichi Steel Group during fiscal 2017 (April 2017 to March 2018). However, some activities conducted before or after fiscal 2017 are also explained where necessary. 
Important note about forecasts 
Reporting Media 
Our reporting via print and the web takes advantages of the characteristics of each medium. The print version narrows down the content to those items of significant importance and those of greatest interest to the public, presented in an easy-to-read and easy-to-understand format. The web version offers a more complete overview of our CSR initiatives. 
Website: Environmental and CSR information 
Aichi Steel Report (this report) 
Importance to Aichi Steel Group and stakeholders 
Reference Guidelines 
GRI Standards ISO 26000 (Corporate Social Responsibility) 
Information Available on Our Website 
For topics with the “Web” mark, please refer to our website for further details including figures. 
https://www.aichi-steel.co.jp/ENGLISH/csr/csr_report/index.html 
   
The financial results forecasts in this report are based on judgments and assumptions from currently available information. Actual business results may differ greatly from targets, in light of their inherent uncertainty and the potential of revision due to future business operation or changes to information inside or outside the company. 

CONTENTS 
Our Vision/Editorial Policy ........................................................................................................................... 1 Aichi Steel Group’s Engagement with Society .................................................................................................................. 3 
Message of Commitment from the President .................................................................................................................. 5 Value Creation Model .................................................................................................................................... 9 2020 Medium-term Management Plan ........................................................................................................................... 11 
Special Feature 1: Start of an In-house Company System ................................................................................................ 13 Special Feature 2: Workstyle Reform at Aichi Steel ......................................................................................................... 19 
Special Feature 3: Initiatives for the Next Generation ...................................................................................................... 21 Financial and Non-financial Highlights ........................................................................................................................... 23 
CSR Management ............................................................................................................................................................ 25 
Priority Issue 1 Increase Compliance Awareness Globally, and Strengthen Corporate Sustainability .............................. 27 
Priority Issue 2 Encourage the Creation of Workplaces That Are Safe and Comfortable for All Employees .................. 31 
Priority Issue 3 Provide Highly Competitive Products That Are Safe and Secure and Offer New Value Globally ............... 33 
Priority Issue 4 Strengthen Relationships with Local Communities, and Actively Contribute to Society ........................... 35 
Priority Issue 5 Strengthen Initiatives toward Manufacturing in Harmony with the Global Environment ........................... 37 
Priority Issue 6 Establish a Solid Financial Foundation to Support Stable and Sustainable Growth ................................. 39 

Noble ambitions Sincerity 

Founding spirit 
Happiness for everyone 
Heading to a bright future 

Genba-ism 
       
01 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 02 
Customers and team members 

Good thinking Good products 
Third-party View Corporate Profile 
............................................................................................................................................................ 41 ............................................................................................................................................................ 42 
 
Complete overview Selected topics 

Aichi Steel Group’s Engagement with Society 
The Aichi Steel Group is committed to pursuing the infinite possibilities of materials and creating new value. 
We contribute to society by providing products that match the needs of our customers, thus ensuring a more comfortable life for people. 
Car 
We are contributing to lower fuel consumption and higher performance. 
[Forged Products] 
Crankshaft 
Differential ring gear 
Hybrid vehicles (HV/PHV) 
We are supporting the electrification of environmentally friendly vehicles. 
Cold plate 
Power card lead frame 
Fuel cell vehicles (FCV) Hydrogen stations 
To assist emergence of the hydrogen society, we are contributing to the safety and reliability of fuel-cell vehicles and hydrogen station equipment. 
Tunnels 
Stainless steel is also used for interior structures of tunnels for which durability and high-temperature properties are critical. 
Attachment in the tunnel of capital expressway 
Tunnel 
Water gate 
Farm, vegetable garden 
Farmings, greenings 
“TetsuRiki” Iron Fertilizer and “TetsuRiki Aqua” activate plant photosynthesis by using ferrous ion. Ensuring stable supply of ferrous ion essential for plant growth. 
Railway 
Historical buildings 
Aichi Steel’s technologies are utilized not only in modern buildings, but in preserving historical heritage. 
Seismic strengthening works of a five-story pagoda 
Building 
MRI 
Stainless steel is employed inside MRI machines by taking advantage of its non-magnetic properties. 
Healthcare 
Dentistry 
World-first attachment that uses magnets to affix false teeth, developed by Aichi Steel. These are used worldwide. 
Dental magnetic attachment 
Station 
Airport 
Stations, airports 
Our stainless steel is also used in stations and airports used by thousands of people every day. 
[Electro-Magnetic Products] 
CVT shaft MAGFINE® 
Counter driven gear 
seat motor 
Hydrogen station 
Safety first 
03 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 04 
Home gardening 
Farming 
Crane 
Dump truck 
Power shovel 
Wind power 
Roads 
Slag, a steel-making byproduct, is used as a recycled material in road subbase course material, reducing environmental impact. 
series 
Hospital 
Bridge 
Buildings, stores 
Stainless steel is used for diverse applications for its design and corrosion resistance, contributing to extended life of building appearances and concrete structures. 
PCs, smart watches 
Construction machineries 
Stainless steel is also used for construction machinery that requires strength and durability. 
Wide application for its rust-resistant properties, including dams, water gates and plants. 
Water gate 
Stainless steel concrete bar SUSCOn® 
Entrance eave, curtain wall 
Station skywalk 
Handrail 
We are supporting the evolution of information terminals that are increasingly becoming more compact with higher performance. 
Electromagnetic compass for smart watches 
High-sensitive MI sensor 
Boss 
Front idler 
Propeller shaft 
Propeller shaft for ship 
Bridge 
Car Dentistry 
Storage tank 
Energies 
Our products are also used in energy applications that require strength and durability such as storage tanks, dams, and wind power facilities. 
Dam 
Gas tank (photo credit: Toho Gas Co., Ltd.) 
Ships, water gates, bridges, plants 
Chemical tanker 
Hydrogen station 
Message of Commitment from the President 

2040: Anticipation of a Paradigm Change 
“Reinforcing Business Foundations & Creating New Businesses” 

Realization of the 2020 Medium-term Management Plan 
  
Compliance & Governance 
                   
New Aichi Steel— 
Contributing to 
Smart Society 
through Materials 
Takahiro Fujioka 
Basic approach of management to periods of great transformation 
The world is rapidly changing into a smart society, as typified by the once-in-a-century paradigm shift being experienced in the automotive industry. The progress of electrification of vehicles in particular is having a negative influence on demand for specialty steels, which are our core products. 
However, regardless of the era we are in, as shown in our value creation model, we will respond flexibly to challenges related to the environment, society, and governance; we will continue to contribute value to society; and we will continue to grow steadily, like the annual growth rings of a tree. 
Establishing a new medium-term management plan 
With this in mind, we have established our 2020 Medium-term Management Plan to depict our vision for the future with a focus on the environment of 2040, to align all Group employees toward achieving this goal, and to establish unshakable Group management foundations. 
Through this new management plan, we aim to manufacture ever-better products, develop better structures, and build a company of contented employees by implementing the following priority measures. 
In other words, on the base of compliance and governance, we will build a robust business foundation that ensures safety, quality, production, and costs, in that order, we will look ahead to 2040 to accelerate proposals for new products and services for a smart society, and we will achieve solid profits through existing businesses that are currently experiencing high demand. 
Contributing to a smart society through materials 
By 2040, it is inevitable that increased use of electrified vehicles such as EVs and FCVs will be an essential part of maintaining a sustainable global environment, and there will be a significant increase in demand for motors and batteries. We will also see many projects that we are already working on taking shape and flourishing. They include more advanced sensing technologies tied to the popularization of autonomous driving systems that will help create safer and more secure communities, and expanded applications for stainless steel through expansion of a hydrogen-based society. 
For a long time, I have searched for ways to contribute to society through provision of steel and other materials. I am now confident that the arrival of the smart society will create opportunities for businesses in many different fields that require our technologies. For this reason, we established the Frontier Research and Development Division in January 2018 to accelerate the pace of research and development with the aim of creating new businesses. 
Development focuses on areas that contribute the most to society, that have the greatest impact on our business, and that our employees can embrace wholeheartedly. We also prioritize fields with potential for new business development based on our superior materials technologies. 
Of course, advanced technical capabilities are important for us to convert this research into profits. We are currently working on autonomous driving support systems together with Advanced Smart Mobility Co., Ltd., a company in which we invested in February 2018. I expect that working with such an advanced company will guide and improve our technical strengths, and will enable us to demonstrate these capabilities even more. 
Our founder Kiichiro Toyoda had the noble ambition of contributing to the production of Japan’s first domestic automobiles using specialty steels. In the same way, we take pride in being the only materials manufacturer in the Toyota Group as we work to contribute toward materialization of a smart society through the power of materials. 
Part 1. 
Modern Society in a Period of Great Transformation 
           
President 
  
05 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 06 
◀Priority measures in the medium-term management plan 
Enhancing Profit-earning 
Strengthening Business Foundation 
Laying the Foundation for a Smart Society 
Message of Commitment from the President 
Part 2. 
Addressing Immediate Issues as well 

Increasing production volumes and improving cost competitiveness 
Two immediate issues we are facing as the cost of raw materials and energy trend upward are how to improve our cost competitiveness, and how to meet the high demand we expect to continue growing until around 2020. 
While systematically implementing its planned 4S Re-Engineering*1 initiatives, our Hagane Company has been thinking as a whole about how it can increase production in response to the current high rate of orders. Meanwhile, our Kitaeru Company is building a rolling mill line using new building methods, with a view to global expansion in the future as well as to strengthen its competitiveness in gear products for which demand is forecast to expand globally in applications such as next-generation vehicles. 
Finally, our Smart Company is building a new production building at our Gifu Plant to increase 
Part 3. 
production capacity for heat-dissipating components (power card lead frames for hybrid and electric vehicles), for which we already hold a significant market share, and to create a second production site for BCM and BAP*2 purposes. The new building is expected to be operational by October this year. 
Providing high additional value through new technologies 
As we grow the profitability of our existing businesses going forward, high additional value will be critical. We can make our customers even happier by adding value to our work. For example, we could conduct post-forging processes like cold forging and machining in-house, or we could even assemble rotors using magnets. In fact, preparations for these initiatives are already underway. 
*1 4S Re-Engineering: Simple, Slim, Short and Straight production process innovations to raise productivity and achieve energy savings. 
*2 BAP: Backup Action Plan, enables the securing of facilities, procedures and spare parts to allow for production at alternative locations if production at Group facilities becomes impossible. 
Measures to change workstyles 
I am also focusing on workstyle reform. As their leader, I have instructed employees in key management positions on my basic approach and have suggested how to communicate with their subordinates, within the PDCA cycle of business execution, in a way that will encourage a vibrant workplace and workstyle reform. I am also focusing on the participation of women in the workplace, and have presented an award to a Women’s QC Team at the national presentations. Women are an essential part of our growth as a company. We are currently implementing a teleworking system and establishing a company nursery to make work easier for our employees with families. By November next year, we will also have completed construction of a recreation hall with facilities including a convenience store and restaurant. I want our employees to see we have changed. If they see the company has changed then they will think they have to change themselves as well. I want this to lead to a happier workforce. 
Establishing the Aichi Way 
While implementing measures focused on the key phase of “Change itself and the world,” to respond to this new age, Aichi Steel has a set of values to pass down through the generations, starting from the spirit of our founder Kiichiro Toyoda. We 
believe that the entire Aichi Steel Group, even our expanding global operations, should follow common values and codes of conduct, such as Kiichiro’s noble ambitions. That is why we established the new Aichi Way, as inspiration for our employees in an easy-to-understand form. The Aichi Way documents our universal spiritual guide to making decisions and implementing actions at work, regardless of nationality or location. 
I believe that if top management continues to discuss topics like the Aichi Way and the pendulum, it will lead to transformation of our corporate culture. 
Rather than just increasing the number of systems and rules, it is the spread of ideas that enables cultural reform. For this reason, the role of the Aichi Way is enormous. 
Toward a New Aichi Steel 
Through these measures, and while maintaining good communications with stakeholders, I hope to continue contributing to the new society, through the starting point of materials, and to building a company of eager employees. 
                  
Transformation into the New Aichi Steel 

Swinging the pendulum higher 
With the January 8, 2016, accident* and completion of our new administration building, we are taking the opportunity to transform our company into the New Aichi Steel with a focus on the key phrase of “Change itself and the world.” 
I usually walk around carrying a pendulum. When we first became operational again after the January 8 accident, I used the first steel from our first rolled product to make paperweights that I distributed to employees in management positions so that the lessons we learned will never be forgotten. I attached a chain to one and made a pendulum that I use to illustrate the act of swinging the pendulum higher to convey my desire for them to think about things with greater amplitude. 
In the middle of great changes, it is not possible to get beyond conventional methods if the amplitude is low. I want them to look at things 
from a completely new perspective, to break through and make drastic changes. If we can raise awareness among everyone, we will change Aichi Steel, and make it stronger. It is important that we approach our jobs with the attitude that if we push the pendulum too far, it can always be reset. 
* On January 8, 2016, an explosion occurred in the No. 2 Bar Mill Shop at Aichi Steel’s Chita Plant. 
                           
07 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 08 
Value Creation Model 

Even as our environment undergoes drastic changes, we will address social challenges through our business activities and realize our vision, supported by the spirit of our founder and his belief that 
“Great cars are made with great steel.” Aichi Steel employees, who all carry the spirit of the Aichi Way, will continue to provide value to 
society, and work to achieve the goal of co-creating a new smart society through materials, by leveraging the strengths of materials developed since foundation in each of our business domains. 
Identity 
Strengths 
Businesses 
Value for Society 
Roots/DNA of Aichi Steel 
■ Established to manufacture the specialty steels required for automobiles 
■ Toyota Group’s only materials manufacturer, supporting the basic performance of automobiles 
Mission 
At foundation: 
“Great cars are made with great steel” 
Now: 
“A great society comes from great materials” 
Next: 
“Co-creating a new smart society through materials” 
Systems and people 
■ Business organization comprising Companies and a Corporate Office 
■ HR diversity and HR development systems to support sustainable growth 
Development and manufacturing 
capabilities 
■ Material development capabilities handed down since foundation 
■ Magnet and sensor technologies derived from steel manufacturing 
■ High quality, stable manufacturing capabilities developed by the Toyota Group 
Networks and cooperation 
■ Global production and sales sites ■ Robust supply chains ■ Future-focused business and technical 
collaborations 
Financial foundation 
■ Healthy and robust financial foundation ■ Varied financing channels ■ Cash flows with highly efficient capital 
Existing businesses 
Specialty Steel 
Expanded further 
Stainless Steel / Titanium 
Forged products 
Electro-magnetic products 
Supporting safe and convenient mobility 
■ Autonomous driving support ■ High strength, high 
performance materials to support running, turning and stopping 
■ Support for vehicle electrification 
Maintaining human and global health 
■ Medical equipment ■ CO2 reductions through 
support for vehicle 
electrification (EVs/FCVs) ■ CO2 reductions through high 
strength, high performance materials for lightweighting vehicles 
■ Soil improvement and greening 
Creating an exciting future 
■ Superior design and maintenance-free stainless steel 
■ Aerospace, oceanic and underground development: Developing materials that make our dreams 
                  
Changes in society and the environment 
■ Global warming and air pollution ■ Urbanization and aging 
populations ■ Information technologies and 
intelligent technologies ■ Changes in automobiles ■ Automation and driverless 
Business foundation that supports steady growth 
technologies 
come true 
Hagane Company 
New value 
value through creativity and leveraging of existing strengths 
focused on social changes and needs 
● ESG management (Environmental, Social and Governance) 
● Risk management and compliance ● Prioritization (safety, quality, production, costs) ● Employee contentedness and growth 
Batteries 
EVs 
Electronic components 
Motors and magnets 
Smart Transportation Systems 
Autonomous driving 
Advanced functional materials 
Environment and energy 
Global environment, agriculture and biotechnology 
Kitaeru Company 
Smart Company 
            
HVs, EVs, FCVs EVs 
Sensing and medical 
Strand of hair (0.15 mm diameter) 
Amorphous wire (0.02 mm diameter) 
 
09 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 10 

Laying the foundation for new businesses 
     
Co-creating a new smart society through materials 
Laying the Foundation for a Smart Society 
 
■Arrival of the smart society, with global acceleration of EV, FCV and other next-generation vehicle development, and expansion of autonomous driving technologies and car sharing schemes, etc. 
■Steady growth leveraging the DNA of the materials business, even as our environment undergoes drastic changes 
■A need to present a future-focused vision, align our Group employees toward achieving that goal, and establish an unshakable consolidated business foundation 
2017 2020 2040 
Medium-term Management Plan 
Existing bus ines s es 
Creativity applied to existing bus ines s es 
New businesses 
Enhancing Profit-earning 
Strengthening Business Foundation 

2040: Anticipation of a Paradigm Change 
“Reinforcing Business Foundations & Creating New Businesses” 

Realization of the 2020 Medium-term Management Plan 
  
Compliance & Governance 

Enhanced 
Foundations 
(Fundamental and robust strength) 
■ From the January 8 explosion to completion of the Step Up Plan 
(1) Safety and security, (2) Management systems, (3) BCP/BAP, (4) Culture, awareness and branding ■ Penetration of the Aichi Way and enhancement of a 
global business foundation 
2020 
Medium-term Management Plan 
Steady development and enhancement of next-generation businesses 
Autonomous driving 
  
Aichi Steel has created a medium-term management plan to cover the years from fiscal 2017 through fiscal 2020. Situated at the core of our business, we will execute this plan to achieve the goals of manufacturing ever-better products, developing 
Background 
a company of 
better structures, and building contented employees. As we further strengthen our global business foundation, we will grow steadily as a valued business group, like the growth recorded in the rings of a tree. 
1. Research into components and materials for EV/FCV motors, batteries and inverters 
2. Contributions to autonomous driving support systems 
3. Development of materials for a hydrogen-based society: FCV refueling station materials 
4. Development of demand for a diverse range of businesses, including environment, medical and energy 
1. Enhanced traction toward speedy management through adoption of an internal company system 
20 
(Operatingprofitmargin:8%) (¥11.8billioninFY2017) 
■Priority Measures—Three Pillars 
Compliance and governance form the cornerstone of the company. On this base, we have established the three pillars of enhancing profit-earning, strengthening business foundation, and laying the foundation for a smart society in order to support our medium-term management plan. From there, we are reinforcing business foundations and creating new businesses. 
EVs and FCVs Hydrogen-based society 
Re-engineered steel billet rolling line 
Environment, medical, energy, etc. 
Example of soil improvement agent 
       
■FY2020 Business Targets 

Consolidated net sales 
billion 
¥250 (¥236.2billioninFY2017) 
Consolidated operating profit 
¥ 
billion 
2.Execution of strategic high-level investments 3. Building manufacturing 
infrastructure and achieving a 
stable profit base 4. Leveraging the DNA of our 
materials business to develop and expand new applications and products for existing businesses 
1. Successful completion and further deepening of Step Up Plan, a project based on lessons learned from the January 8, 2016, explosion 
2. Penetration of the Aichi Way and enhancement of a global business foundation 
3.Ensuring prioritization of workstyles, safety/environment/quality, production, and costs, and building a robust business foundation 
 
■Basic Policies 123 
Expanded production line for CVT components 
Expanded production line for HV components 
 
Develop technologies, open markets and evolve manufacturing to meet diverse needs 
■Vision Developing better 
structures 
Conserve local and global environments, and contribute to all stakeholders through safety and security 
Ensuring order of prioritization 
Costs: Steadfast knowledge and improvement, Genchi Genbutsu (go to the workplace and see for yourself) and Genri Gensoku (fundamental principle) 
Production: Creating an ever-better society through materials Safety/environment/quality: Providing safety and security to 
all stakeholders Workstyles: Exciting and vibrant workplaces, creating an organization that is 
passionate about work 
Always overcome environmental changes, and build a flexible consolidated income/financial foundation 
Building a company of contented employees 
      
Manufacturing ever-better products 
    
11 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 12 
Business enhancement across the whole company 
Enhancing Profit-earning 
Strengthening Business Foundation 
Laying the Foundation for a Smart Society 
Special Feature 1 Start of an In-house Company System 
Individual Companies Applying Themselves to Creating an Ever-better Aichi Steel 
Aichi Steel introduced an in-house company system in April 2017 to improve the speed of decision-making in business operations and to create more competitive businesses. Three companies—Hagane Company, Kitaeru Company and Smart Company—were created around the core products of steel products, forged products and electro-magnetic products. The enhanced planning and product capabilities that this 
has achieved are giving further traction toward increased profitability. The addition of three headquarters—Corporate Planning Headquarters, Marketing & Sales Headquarters and Manufacturing and Future Planning Headquarters—as well will provide groupwide checks and balances of the three Companies. In this way, we are strengthening corporate functions and providing support to manufacturing. 
Enhancing quality assurance, health and safety, and governance 
Smart Company 
From development to manufacture 
of electro-magnetic products and other advanced functional products 
  
President 
 
Directly reporting divisions 

Companies 
Corporate Office 
Corporate Planning Headquarters Enhancing corporate functions, 
optimizing management resources and improving brand strength 
  
Marketing & Sales 
Headquarters 
Enhancing marketing through customer and product focuses 
Hagane Company 
From development to manufacture of steel products 
Kitaeru Company 
From development to manufacture of forged products 
Manufacturing and Future Planning Headquarters Planning, procurement and 
production support for manufacturing 
Aims of adopting an in-house company system 
123 
 
Manufacturing ever-better products 
We are meeting customer needs through an integrated system from development to sale, and through enhanced business planning and operation supported by the drive of our leaders and faster decision-making capabilities. 
Developing better structures 
Our domestic and overseas subsidiaries, engaged in a variety of businesses, were also reorganized into the in-house company structure. Our powerful leadership is improving traction of our businesses and strengthening our business foundations across the whole of Aichi Steel. 
Building a 
company of 
contented 
employees 
We are creating organizations and workplaces where our employees are proud to work, and where they can be happy and can grow though their jobs, and at the same time we are developing talented people with leadership qualities. 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 14 
  
456 
123 
	.	1  Naohiro Yasunaga Managing Executive Officer and Hagane Company President  
	.	2  Katsunori Kojima Managing Executive Officer and Kitaeru Company President  
	.	3  Takashi Ishigami Managing Executive Officer and Smart Company President  
	.	4  Hiroaki Chino Managing Executive Officer and Corporate Planning Headquarters General Manager  
	.	5  Toshiyuki Yamanaka Managing Executive Officer and Marketing & Sales Headquarters General Manager  
	.	6  Hiroaki Asano Executive Vice President and Manufacturing and Future Planning Headquarters General Manager  
  
13 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
 
Special Feature 1 Start of an In-house Company System 
Hagane Company 
Kitaeru Company 
Smart Company 
     
Companies 
■ Hagane Company 
From development to manufacture of steel products 
Hagane Business Management Div., Hagane Products Development Div., Hagane Production Engineering Div. Chita Plant, Kariya Plant 
◆Main subsidiaries Aiko Corporation, Aichi Ceratec Corporation, Omi Mining Co., Ltd. Aichi Techno Metal Fukaumi Co., Ltd., Aichi Steel Logistics Co., Ltd. 
Naohiro Yasunaga 
Managing Executive Officer and Hagane Company President 
Sustain, Appreciate, Create— in practice daily through the Aichi Way 
Right now, it is important that we put the words “I Will” into practice through our noble ambitions, and create the required Aichi brand, in order to restructure with safety, security, and stability at the completion of the Step Up Plan, and to respond to the current high rate of orders. Through the 2020 Medium-term Management Plan, we will ensure full penetration of our founding spirit, challenge ourselves by setting high targets, and achieve profitability by maximizing the capacity of our existing facilities. Thereafter, we hope to replace our iron and steel facilities to be able to adapt to changes in the business environment, such as a once-in-a-century transformation of automobiles. We also aim to become valued as the world’s leading manufacturer of specialty steels and as a passionate organization putting the Aichi Way into practice every day. 
TOPICS 
Aichi Steel awarded Best New Technology Award at International Stainless Steel Forum (ISSF) 
Aichi Steel’s stainless steel for high-pressure hydrogen applications received the Bronze Award for Best New Technology Award at the International Stainless Steel Forum held in Shanghai, People's Republic of China. The stainless steel we developed has high strength and shows exceptional ductility in high-pressure hydrogen environments. It was 
recognized for its contribution to improving safety and reliability of fuel cell vehicles. 
Katsunori Kojima 
Managing Executive Officer and Kitaeru Company President 
Delivering high quality, affordable products to customers globally from the world’s safest and cleanest plant 
Within the Kitaeru Company, our keyword is “change.” Against the backdrop of a dramatically changing business environment, we are changing our business planning to anticipate customer trends, changing the way forging is normally done, changing into a safe and clean workplace, and transforming into a global-level forging business. We are strengthening our domestic base by “manufacturing ever-better products” through selection and grouping of products and reallocation of production facilities, and by “building a company of contented employees” through HR development with enhanced education and a sense of unity cultivated with Company events, etc. At the same time, we are leading consolidated growth by supporting autonomous operations of our overseas facilities. 
TOPICS 
Completion of construction of servo press line for R&D of next-generation forged products 
Aichi Steel has completed construction of a servo press line designed to promote the development of innovative forging technologies to positively respond to structural changes due to electrification of automobiles, such as hybrid vehicles and plug-in hybrid vehicles. With a double-action molding mechanism built into the servo press, the first ever for 
a Japanese forged products manufacturer, the press will accelerate the development of more advanced forged products including new products and techniques that maximize the benefits of the system. 
Takashi Ishigami 
Managing Executive Officer and Smart Company President 
From “dreams and challenges” to “realizing dreams” 
A shift to electrification of vehicles is taking over the world, and this next-generation mobility is helping create a smart society. Our goal is to ensure we play a part in this. The Smart Company approaches challenges steadily, quickly and without hesitation, and develops products that are appealing to the new smart society. 
The 2020 Medium-term Management Plan represents our “dreams and challenges” stage, which will then pass the baton to our “realizing dreams” stage. The Smart Company is a collection of mini businesses, such as electronic components and magnets. That is why we are working together to increase profitability by strengthening the foundations of each of these businesses, and to take on future challenges by focusing on the key phrase of “Change itself and the world.” 
TOPICS 
Aichi Steel exhibits for the first time at the 24th ITS World Congress 2017 Montreal 
Aichi Steel Corporation participated for the first time as an exhibitor in the 24th ITS World Congress 2017 held in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It introduced its magnetic marker-based autonomous driving support system, which utilizes its MI sensors, to help realize the smart city concept. 
 
Example of products 
Specialty steel 
Stainless steel 
 
■ Kitaeru Company From development to manufacture of forged products 
Kitaeru Business Management Div., Kitaeru Production Engineering Div., Kitaeru Plant 
◆Main subsidiaries Asdex Corporation, Aichi Forge Philippines, Inc. (Philippines), Aichi Forge USA, Inc. 
(USA), Aichi International (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (Thailand), Shanghai Aichi Forging Co., Ltd. (China), PT. Aichi Forging Indonesia (Indonesia) 

Example of products 
CVT shaft 
Crankshaft 

■ Smart Company 
From development to manufacture of electro-magnetic 
products and other advanced functional products 
Smart Business Management Div., Sensor Business Dept., Magnet Business Dept., Electronic Components Business Dept., Smart Production Engineering Div., Higashiura Plant, Gifu Plant, Seki Plant, Electronic Components Plant 
  
◆Main subsidiaries Aichi Micro Intelligent Corporation, Aichi 
Magfine Czech s.r.o. (Czech Republic), Aichi Magfine Technology (Pinghu) Co., Ltd. (China), Aichi Europe GmbH (Germany), Aichi Korea Corporation (Korea) 
Example of products 
Electric compass for smart watches 
Power card lead frame 
    
15 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 16 
Special Feature 1 Start of an In-house Company System 
Corporate Office 
■ Corporate Planning Headquarters 
Enhancing corporate functions, optimizing management resources and improving brand strength 
■ Marketing & Sales Headquarters 
Enhancing marketing through customer and product focuses 
■ Manufacturing and 
Future Planning 
Headquarters 
Planning, procurement and production support for manufacturing 
Corporate Planning Headquarters 
Marketing & Sales Headquarters 
Manufacturing and Future Planning Headquarters 
     
Hiroaki Chino 
Managing Executive Officer and Corporate Planning Headquarters General Manager 
Supporting autonomous Company operations, setting directions ahead to 2040, and securing resources 
In our corporate function, the Corporate Planning Headquarters supports the autonomous operation of our Companies. While strengthening our planning capabilities, we communicate directions Aichi Steel should take out to 2040, as well as which initiatives to prioritize, and how to secure and distribute the necessary resources (people, things and funds). In addition, each of us is responsible for leading the push toward transformation and spearheading penetration and application of the Aichi Way. We also promote company-wide activities to achieve our medium-term CSR targets, and work to promote healthy employees and a healthy company by pursuing variable and worthwhile workstyles. 
TOPICS 
Construction completed for new administration building 
Construction of Aichi Steel’s new administration building, a 75th anniversary project, has now been completed. The main building where our business is conducted became operational in January 2017, but the hall building marks the completion of our new administration building. 
The new hall building contains a large hall and a Visitor Center with display rooms and guidance hall that will be used for plant tours. With a stainless steel staircase made from Aichi Steel formed stainless steel, this hall and the main building will together serve as the face of the company, and a symbol for our region. 
Toshiyuki Yamanaka 
Managing Executive Officer and Marketing & Sales Headquarters General Manager 
Growing value for customers and maximizing Company profits 
The Marketing & Sales Headquarters has responsibility for sales (volumes and sale prices) to help each Company reach its business plan. 
To achieve this goal, we exercise our cross-organizational function to establish customer-oriented sales strategies through a commitment to incorporating market needs. We then apply those strategies to our products and reflect them in each Company business plan as we work to optimize all our businesses. We also aim to maximize profits by ensuring cost fluctuations are properly passed on and making most efficient use of limited production capacity. We also share our vision for future sales and workmanship with each Company, and participate in their business planning. 
Hiroaki Asano 
Executive Vice President and Manufacturing and Future Planning Headquarters General Manager 
Enhancing the manufacturing base and steadily laying the foundation for the future to achieve steady growth 
The arrival of next-generation mobility and the smart society poses a serious threat to the future of our core businesses—specialty steels and forged products. On the other hand, periods of great change like this also present the perfect opportunity for creating new businesses that utilize our materials, which are the DNA of Aichi Steel. While ensuring proper completion and implementation of the Step Up Plan, the Manufacturing and Future Planning Headquarters is working to build a robust and competitive manufacturing foundation that incorporates IoT and other technologies. 
We are also steadily laying the foundation for product development that merges our integrated forging and steelmaking process with electro-magnetics in response to the electrification of automobiles, and the creation of new businesses in areas such as autonomous driving, medical and environment that will contribute to a smart society. 

Corporate Planning Div. IT Management Div. General Affairs Div. 
Corporate Communications Div. Human Resources Div. Finance & Accounting Div. 

Sales Planning Div. Tokyo Office Toyota Sales Div. Osaka Office Chubu Sales Div. 
    
17 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 18 
Silicon Valley Office Technical Planning Div. Process Engineering Development Div. Frontier Research and Development Div. 
Purchasing Div. Production Control Div. Facility Engineering Div. Analysis & Testing Dept. 
▲Exterior of new administration building 
▲Staircase made from Aichi Steel’s formed stainless steel 
▲Visitor Center display room 
Special Feature 2 
Workstyle Reform at Aichi Steel 
Making serious changes to the way we think 
  
Along with construction of the new administration building, Aichi Steel began to focus on workstyle reform. Weaimtoraiseawarenessofeveryemployeetoenablethemtocompletetheirtasksandachieveresultswithin time limits and deadlines. We will also respect work-life balance as we support balance in the ways they work and rest. 
Working from Home System adoption 
As part of our efforts to support work-life balance, we have developed a system and environment that offers the choice of working from home to employees who work shorter hours because they are raising children, or who have family members in need of constant care. 
To support the combination of work and child-raising/care-giving, we are promoting workstyles without time restrictions to increase opportunities for employee participation. 
VOICE WorkingfromHome 
Working while raising children, and 
improving management awareness 
Because I am able to work at home in the free time I have between caring for sick children and other tasks, I am able to keep up with my work schedule. 
It is important that I am personally aware of time management, so I set and work toward deadlines for completing various work and child-raising tasks. 
Chihiro Ota 
“Ji-kotei-Kanketsu” training 
As part of our efforts to maximize ability and performance, we are conducting “Ji-kotei-Kanketsu” (built-in quality with ownership) training for team leaders. 
Teaching the appropriate approach and concrete steps, the training aims to increase motivation among team members and maximize performance through efficient work practices without having to redo tasks. 
Whatis“Ji-kotei-Kanketsu”? 
Developing environments (HR and support systems, etc.) 

Procedure 
Plan (steps) 
D Do (at every important point, check, confidently call 
 
Background/Environment 
■ Changes in the people we need • Essential goals of the 2020 Medium-term Management Plan 
• Steady growth out toward Aichi Steel’s 100th anniversary in 2040 • Drastic changes in the business environment 
→ Arrival of the smart society, electrification of automobiles (EVs, FCVs), utilization of AI and IoT, etc. 
■ Changes in workstyle values 
• Aging populations, declining birthrates and shrinking workforces require every employee to improve productivity and work quality 
• Prioritizing the work-life balance of each individual 
This work approach P emphasizes high-quality work with an efficient arrangement of steps to 

prevent errors and avoid redos. 
 
• People able to flexibly respond to changing environments 
• People able to achieve breakthroughs rather than just extending existing practices 
• People able to achieve results within time limits 
Respect and support the work-life balance of each individual 
Corporate Branding Group Corporate Communications Div. 
C A 
“Done!” and proceed) 
Check (reflect on work process and look for problems) 
Act (pass on your knowledge to the next person) 
   
Management reform for supervisors 
  
Workstyle reform for managers 
As part of our efforts to promote workstyle reform, our employees in management positions, who are leading workplace management, are changing awareness and actions. 
Team leader training 
   
Changing individual awareness to change workstyles 
• Each employee managing their own work with the understanding that time is limited • Supervisors supporting the work-life balance of the workers 
Workstyle reform process 
Work (in balance) 
Rest (in balance) 
In 2016, we introduced a team system at Aichi Steel. We introduced a new training program to improve the management skills of team leaders and improve the quality of work conducted by each team. 
* Teams are the smallest management units, of up to seven members, situated within departments. 
* Approximately half the team leaders are younger members of staff (assistant manager level employees aged up to and including in their 30s). 
“ACTION! For the team” folder ▶ 
◀Examples of concrete actions for team leaders always available for review 
VOICE Team leader training Approaches and techniques learned through 
training can be passed on to workers 
The training was great because we learned the main causes, and their solutions, when having to redo experiments. We learned to look for problems in actions we normally take without thinking, and then learned the techniques for resolving those issues. I will pass on this knowledge to my subordinates. 
  
Individual life design 
Continuous improvements to work quality “Strike while the iron is hot” 
P 
Precise instructions to eliminate redos 
     
2nd floor 
1st floor Foundations 
Developing environments (HR and support systems, etc.) 
• Support maximum ability and performance • Impartial and fair evaluation of ability and performance • Support from time, place and tool perspectives 
Awareness and culture reform 
• Transforming your own work/time management 
Daily A Communications 
D 
Pursuit of work quality improvements and efficiency, and worker development 
 
C 
 
Awareness and culture reform 
Work finish time boards 
Post planned finish times to raise awareness of the need to complete tasks within the allotted time 
Time management duty 
person 
Person on duty reminds people about time management to improve time awareness across the entire workplace 
Consecutive days of paid vacation 
encouraged 
Balance rest time to do all the non-work-related things you want to do and need to do 
Execution of management responsibility, and appreciation of workers 
“Yarikiri 3W” 
Workstyle reform declaration from managers 
   
19 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 20 
Management reform for supervisors 
• Workplace management reform 
● “Refresh” Vacation System Up to five days consecutive vacation for employees whose age is a multiple of 5 
communication notepad 
When supervisors provide work instructions to their workers, they can use this notepad to clarify objectives, deadlines, and quality, to ensure work carried out and avoids redos. Exchanging these notes is a way of improving communication between supervisors and workers. 
Details: 
• Clarification and understanding of team leader roles and ideals • Raising awareness through direct instructions from the president 
(lectures) • Creation and distribution of a file depicting concrete examples of 
team leader actions • Understanding one’s own management characteristics • Practical training through role-play • “Ji-kotei-Kanketsu” training, etc. 
    
93.9% ● “Memorial” Vacation System 
of eligible employees took this vacation in fiscal 2017 
Up to three days consecutive vacation for employees on their birthday, day prior and day after 
Akihiro Matsuyama 
Batteries Research Dept. Frontier Research and Development Div. 
 
Special Feature 3 
Initiatives for the Next Generation 
Co-creating a new smart society through materials 
 
In January 2018, Aichi Steel established the new Frontier Research and Development Division to clarify internally and externally our stance to next-generation businesses, and to enhance our R&D capabilities with the aim of creating new businesses. 
We are focusing on initiatives in six fields while leveraging our superior materials technologies. 
Positioning and R&D fields of the Frontier Research and Development Division 
  
Corporate Planning Headquarters 
Silicon Valley Office 
  
Marketing & Sales Headquarters 
Manufacturing and Future Planning Headquarters 
Technical Planning Div. 
 
Frontier Research and Development Div. 
Batteries 
EVs 
Electronic components 
HVs, EVs, FCVs 
Motors and magnets 
EVs 
Smart Transportation Systems 
Advanced functional materials 
Strand of hair Amorphous wire (0.15 mm diameter) (0.02 mm diameter) 
Environment and energy 
            
Autonomous driving 
 
Healthcare, sensing 
Global environment, agriculture and biotechnology 
MI sensor example application #2 
Autonomous Driving Support Using a Magnetic Marker System 
Magnetic marker system 
The magnetic marker system is an autonomous driving support system comprising MI sensors affixed to the base of a vehicle that use the magnetic force of magnetic markers embedded in the road to measure vehicle position with a high degree of precision, and steer the vehicle. The system uses ultra-sensitive MI sensors, which can detect very weak magnetic fields, together with embedded ferrite plastic magnets, which are low cost and kind to the environment. 
Compared to existing systems that use GPS and image processing technologies, this system can reliably identify vehicle position even in mountainous regions or tunnels where GPS signals cannot reach, or at nighttime or in poor weather conditions where image acquisition is difficult. The system can increase reliability of autonomous driving systems when used to complement other systems. 
 
◀MI sensor 
 
Magnetic markers embedded at intervals of two meters 
Sensor array units comprising 24 individual MI sensors are affixed to the underside of vehicles 
   
MI sensor example application #1 
Joint Development with Mizuno of an Internal Baseball Sensor Module for MAQ System 
Japan’s first level 4 autonomous driving trials begun at 
Michi-no-Eki Minami Alpsmura Hase 
As a participant in the autonomous driving service trials being conducted by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism, Aichi Steel used the magnetic marker system to conduct Japan’s first level 4 trials. 
From last year, we have conducted a series of trials across Japan, from Okinawa to Shiga and Hokkaido, with the aim of implementing practical applications of autonomous driving technologies. This level 4 trial entails full automation of the vehicle’s acceleration, steering and braking functions with no-one in the driver seat. 
Implementation of driverless technologies will provide safe, convenient, and affordable mobility options to suit various needs, such as areas with aging and declining populations. Going forward, we will contribute to realizing safe and secure next-generation transportation systems through further trials, while at the same time driving strategic development of new applications for our MI sensors in order to contribute to next-generation mobility and the smart society. 
◀Magnetic markers: 30 mm (dia.) × 35 mm (image shows comparison 
with 500 yen coin) 
▲Sensor array unit affixed to base of vehicle 
 
Michi-no-Eki (roadside rest area) Minami Alpsmura Hase 
  
21 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
Aichi Steel and Mizuno Corporation jointly developed a sensor module for Mizuno’s MAQ baseball rotation analysis system. 
The MAQ is a system that coordinates data acquired through a sensor module contained in a baseball with a specialized application so as to analyze the rotational frequency and speed etc. of the ball when thrown by a pitcher. 
MI sensors are ultra-high response, ultra-sensitive, ultra-compact, and have ultra-low power consumption. Leveraging these four “ultras,” the compact sensor module is able to reproduce the specifications (mass and balance) of the hard baseball so that pitching feels the same as normal. 
152 
Miwa Medical Clinic 
▲Driving route 
▲Driverless bus in operation AICHI STEEL REPORT 22 
Magnetic marker section (0.2 km) 
Driverless autonomous driving 
(Level 4 autonomous driving) 
¡Person in passenger seat in case of emergency 

¡Travel along a dedicated route 
[0.4 km] 
* Level 4 autonomous driving on designated days only (Normally level 2 autonomous driving) 
Corporate Office 

(Thousand tons) 
1,500 
1,000 
500 0 
(Billion yen) 250 
237.4 240.6 
236.2 
(Billion yen) 
15 
10 
5 
■■ Male ■■ Female (Persons) 
Percentage of female employees 
(%) 
1 2,401 
■■ Employees who took childcare leave 
Employees who returned to work after childcare leave 
100 (%) 100 
■■ Number of persons with disabilities employed 
(Persons) 
60 50 
40 30 
Employment rate of persons with disabilities (%) 
Financial and Non-financial Highlights 
Financial 
■ Sales volume (non-consolidated 
basis) 
Social 
1,130 thousand tons 
236.2 billion yen 
11.8 billion yen 
Changes in number of employees 
Changes in childcare leave 
Changes in employment of persons with disabilities 
     
Mar. 
Mar. 
Mar. 
Mar. 
Mar. 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 
■ Net sales 
■ Operating profit 
Diversity 
     
1,130 1,108 
1,057 1,130 
293 Kitaeru Company 
Hagane Company 
(FY) 
214.1 
212.8 
11.8 
3,000 
2,500 
2,000 
1,500 
2,592 11 10 
(Persons) 
12 
100 
100 
52 6 48 5 
4 2.4 2.5 3 
    
970 
200 150 100 
50 0 
10.6 
2,477 2,521 
10 80 60 7.3 40 
9.6 
             
7.2 5.8 
  
Mar. 
Mar. 
Mar. 
500 6 2 
2,31 
10 988 
42 
,34 
7.1 
48 
2.3 
          
836 
86 020 
6 
         
Mar. 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 
Mar. (FY) 
Mar. Mar. Mar. Mar. Mar. (FY) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 
202 Statutory 
employment rate 10 1 
163 180 191 000000 
1,0006.674 
     
■ Profit attributable to owners 
■ ROE % 
6 5 4.1 
4 4.2 3 
■ Net assets, capital adequacy ratio 160.8 billion yen 54.7% 
(Billion yen) 250 
200 
150 100 
50 0 
2015 2016 2017 
(FY) 2015 
2016 2017 
(FY) 
2015 2016 2017 (FY) 
of parent 
(Billion yen) 10 
5.5 
5 
0 Mar. 
Total CO2 emissions 
■■ Total CO2 emissions (t-CO2/year) 
5.5% 5.5 
3.6 
Mar. (FY) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 
8.1 billion yen 8.1 
Women in 60 % management positions 
4 
(Proportion 1 of all managers %) 
     
57.2 
53.9 
55.3 52.4 54.7 
    
144.9 161.6 147.5 
151.2 

6.0 
55 Workstyles 50 Changes in employee annual 
45 40 ■■ Employee annual working hours 
Social contribution 
Social contribution expenditure and number of volunteers 
   
5.0 
working hours 
Changes in days of paid leave taken 
1 
60.8 
           
0 
2 1 0 
■■ Days of paid leave taken (Days) 
Usage rate of paid leave (%) 
■■ Social contribution expenditure 
Number of volunteers 
        
0.0 
(Hours) 35 2,500 
30 2,000 (FY) 
1,500 1,000 500 0 
2,174 
2015 
2,219 
2016 
2,177 
2017 (FY) 
14 12 10 
8 6 4 2 0 
10.5 
52.5 
2015 
11.1 
55.5 
2016 
12.7 
63.5 
2017 
100 80 60 40 20 0 
(Million yen) 100 
80 60 40 20 
0 
86.49 
2015 
93.54 93.01 
7,276 
2017 
(Persons) 8,000 
7,000 6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 
       
Mar. 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 
(FY) 
Mar. 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 
Mar. 
Mar. 
Mar. 
Mar. Mar. 
Mar. 
Mar. 
Mar. 
Mar. 
Mar. 
Mar. 
 
6,629 
  
5,914 
 
Environmental 
     
750 
700 
650 
600 550 
1,520 680.3 
2005 Base year 
1,454 651.1 
2013 
1,450 653.6 
2014 
(Thousand tons) 1,600 
1,400 1,200 1,000 
800 
(FY) 
Waste sent indirectly to landfill 
16 t 
10,485 t 
Waste (transferred) 
Atmospheric emissions 
867 t 
Decomposition and neutralization (elimination) 
Production volume 
■ Companywide material balance of PRTR substances 
(FY) 
2016 
5 
(FY) 
  
1,366 
1,176 636.0 603.0 
2015 2016 
1,447 669.2 
2017 
73,063 t 
Chemicals in raw materials and secondary materials 
61,688 t 
Steel and other products (consumed) 
Governance Governance 
  
8 t 
Discharge to waters 
10 13 
2 95.1 
Number of Audit & Supervisory Board Members 
10 
   
Waste sent directly to landfill 
(Thousand tons) 
15 10 
(Thousand tons) 
30 20 
97.4 91 
% 
Number of directors 
Number of meetings of the Board of Directors 
Number of outside directors 
Attendance rate at meetings of the Board of Directors 
(incl. 1 woman) 
(of which, 3 outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members) 
      
13.2 
25.5 
5.3 
   
5 5.3 5.1 4.7 10 
3.2 
Waste recycling rate 
Percentage of ISO 14001-certified subsidiaries 
% 
% 
Security 
Number of times security training held 
13 
Number of serious information security incidents 
0 
Compliance 
Number of compliance training classes 
19 
Number of reporting and consultation incidents 
      
2.4 
3.4 
3.7 
3.0 
3.3 
00 2000 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY) 
Base year 
2000 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY) Base year 
 
23 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 24 

CSR Management 
The Aichi Steel Group approaches Corporate Social Responsibility as a prerequisite for good governance, and as the foundations for long-term stable growth. We practice CSR management to gain trust from all our stakeholders, and to contribute to sustainable development of society and the planet, through the establishment of our Long-term CSR Vision and the implementation of our Annual CSR Plan. 
The “Aichi Steel Action Guidelines” were established in 1998, and then in order to expand them to the entire Aichi Steel Group in 2007, the “Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines” for global management were defined and became the foundation for the CSR management of the Aichi Steel Group as a whole. 
CSR promotion system 
In March 2018, the CSR Committee was abolished. CSR activities are considered a natural part of management, so the Board of Directors, the Management Committee, the Corporate Planning Committee, and other committees discuss CSR activity policies, define CSR objectives, and review CSR activities. 
Priority issues (Materiality) for the Aichi Steel Group 
To make an even greater contribution to achieving a sustainable society, in 2016, the Aichi Steel Group analyzed its impact on society, particularly with regards to certain important aspects, and identified six issues, which we refer to as the “Priority issues (Materiality) for the Aichi Steel Group,” as issues we should address through our business activities. 
CSR approach 
mental health activities 
We are now working to establish CSR objectives and plans that will help resolve these issues. 
Items selected as priority issues 
Items selected as priority issues 
1Increase compliance awareness globally, and strengthen corporate sustainability 
Component identified in the analysis map 
Key performance indicators (KPIs) Applicable section 
 
Compliance (environment) Compliance (society) 
Compliance (product responsibility) 
Results of environmental management system audit 
Status of various efforts to strengthen compliance (number of lectures and internal audits held as a percentage of those planned) 
Certification and review by a third party organization 
   
2Encourage the creation of workplaces that are safe and comfortable for all employees 
 
Occupational health and safety 
Mechanism for handling grievances regarding labor practices 
Diversity and equal opportunity 
Based on safety evaluation selected under in-house criteria, status of facilities improvements, status of safety measures and efforts to strengthen safety awareness, and frequency of accidents resulting in lost work time 
Labor incident record of accepting, handling and resolving complaints through an in-house consultation office (number of cases) 
Assistance and programs for supporting diverse work styles, and their status of use 
   
3Provide highly competitive products that are safe and secure and offer new value globally 
 
Status of quality improvement efforts (number of recognitions received and description) 
Sales staff training, quality improvement activities (number of times held, number of participants, etc.) 
Gathering of customer evaluations (number collected and percentage of improvements, resolutions, etc.) 
 
4Strengthen relationships with local communities, and actively contribute to society 
Products and services Training and education Marketing and communications 
   
5Strengthen initiatives toward manufacturing in harmony with the global environment 
Presence in the community 
Local communities 
Status of social contribution activities selected under in-house criteria (number of participants; clear compilation standards based on fixed-point observation) 
Status of local community development programs (plans and achievements against those plans) 
p. 35 
Annual number of (volunteers ( 
p. 36 
Interaction with the (community ( 
   
Energy consumption Atmospheric emissions Wastewater and waste Biodiversity 
Breakdown of energy use (CO2 emissions) 
Volume of direct and indirect landfill waste 
Status of efforts to preserve biodiversity (reforesting, number of volunteer activities, etc.) 
    
6Establish a solid financial foundation to support stable and sustainable growth 

Profitability (operating profit, ROE, etc.) 
Soundness, capital efficiency (Net worth, interest-bearing debt balances, capital ratio, etc.) 

Financial performance 
 
Web 
Environmental audit (results ( 
p. 28 
Compliance promotion (system ( 
p. 33 
(Third-party certifications) 
p. 32 
Frequency rate and 
(( 
p. 28, p. 31, p. 32 
number of accidents 
resulting in lost work time 
Whistle-blowing system, respect for human rights, 
( 
(Initiatives toward diversity) 
p. 34 
Awards for Group (companies ( 
p. 34 
Training programs for (sales staff ( 
p. 34 
Collection of customer (evaluations ( 
p. 23, p. 38 
(Total CO2 emissions) 
p. 23 
Volume of direct and (indirect landfill waste ( 
p. 38 
(Coexistence with nature) 
p. 23 
Financial and (non-financial highlights ( 
( 
p. 31 

Society/ Earth 
CSR management 
Customers 
Improved corporate value Realization of Our Vision 
Contributing to local communities and society / Contributing to environmental preservation (Contribution through business activities) 
Continuous growth through business activities (Sound corporate management) 
Corporate ethics / Compliance Risk management Corporate governance 
Suppliers 
    
Shareholders 
Employees 
  
Sound corporate culture that is brimming with a desire to take on new challenges 
Aichi Way*1 / Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines*2 
25 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 26 

Priority Issue 1 
● Corporate governance policy With a basic CSR policy of "striving to contribute to 
sustainable development of society and the Earth through sound corporate activities," we are managing our company in a way that enjoys extensive trust of society by establishing and maintaining an organization capable of responding swiftly to changes in business environments and a fair and transparent management system. 
As common values and codes of conduct to be followed by all employees of the Aichi Steel Group, we are committed to adopting the Aichi Way as a spiritual guide to achieving Our Vision. 
● Adoption of in-house company system We have adopted an in-house company system comprising 
our Hagane Company, Kitaeru Company, and Smart Company to make operational decision-making faster and create more competitive businesses. Each company also has its own president and business management division to responsibly drive each business. 
We have established a Corporate Office with three separate headquarters as well to provide groupwide support and checks and balances for each company. 
● Corporate governance system 
● Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code 
We fully comply with the Corporate Governance Code, and submit a corporate governance report regarding disclosure to the Tokyo Stock Exchange. We review our compliance status once a year and make amendments or changes as required. (We made changes in November 2017.) 
We are also currently responding to the June 2018 revision of Japan’s Corporate Governance Code. We will continue with efforts to strengthen and expand corporate governance, and observe the content of the code. 
● Internal control system In line with the Internal Control System Basic Policy, we 
develop and properly operate systems to ensure the appropriateness of our operations. 
We review the basic policy annually to determine if any revisions or changes are required. We also check operational status, report to the Board of Directors, and make disclosures in our business report. 
In the April 2018 review, we reflected changes in internal systems through revisions to this basic policy. 
10 
● Compliance promotion system 
We aim to be a trusted company through the protection of human rights and compliance with laws and regulations, and by respecting public decency. To enhance the overall compliance of our Group, the Corporate Planning Committee—headed by the Corporate Planning Headquarters General Manager—sets and reviews compliance policies on a regular basis. 
Based on our internal rules and the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines, we strive to improve our compliance with laws and regulations as well as our social common sense. We enhance employee awareness by distributing compliance manuals, and the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines. 
■ Compliance promotion system 
● Whistle-blowing system 
In fiscal 2017, a total of 10 cases were reported to the Aichi Steel Group Compliance Hotline, the company's whistle-blowing system. 
We will continue promoting recognition and awareness of our whistle-blowing system to further improve our internal ability to govern ourselves. Necessary measures will be taken for improper actions reported, and the president will be informed to the president for confirmation while such measures are carried out. We will also lay out how the system is operated and protection of whistle-blowers to ensure whistle-blowers are protected. 
cases 
■ Changes in whistle-blowing cases Contact point 
■General Affairs Div. ■Audit & Supervisory Board Member ■Lawyer (Cases) 
14 12 10 
8 6 4 2 0 
2013 2014 
2015 2016 2017 
(FY) 
     
The Board of Directors, comprising Directors appointed by shareholders, makes decisions regarding material matters affecting the Company through discussion and mutual supervision regarding such aspects as necessity, legality, and efficiency. Auditors and the Audit & Supervisory Board examine these decisions for legal violations and other compliance matters. 
■ Corporate governance system diagram 
27 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 28 
● 
Compliance promotion activities 
● Fair transactions with suppliers We periodically hold Business Regulations, 
Procurement Edition seminars to improve compliance with the Subcontracting Act, which is closely connected to our procurement transactions, and to avoid breaches of the act that is easy to fall foul of. 
To enhance the compliance awareness of employees, education on compliance to all employees. The importance of compliance is also covered in the Action Guidelines workshop held for those promoted to each level within the organization. In addition, other corporate scandal case studies are reported to the Compliance Liaison Meeting to help prevent the recurrence of similar compliance incidents. 
We also hold director workshops on director responsibilities, and CSR seminars on confidentiality management and corporate scandals. 
Level-based training 
CSR workshops 
301 1CSR Seminar 
4 
time 
(Jan) 
times(Mar,Jul,Oct,Dec) time (Oct) 41 
participants 
we provide 
times(Feb, Apr, Jul, Oct) Compliance Liaison Meeting Director workshops (director responsibilities) 
Priority Issue 1 Risk management system 
● Risk management system We have established internal rules, such as risk management 
rules and disaster prevention rules, and have established a risk management system, so that if we face or predict a serious risk, we can take prompt and appropriate action and ensure sound business operation. 
We have reviewed our management structure in line with the in-house company system we adopted in April 2017. As part of the review, in May 2017, we changed the name of our organization that considers matters related to large earthquakes, from the Earthquake Preparedness Committee to the Earthquake Preparedness Promotion Committee, and we improved the level of practice and implementation. 
We also reviewed our Companywide Disaster Preparedness Organization and clarified its activities in chronological order, from (1) Earthquake occurrence to initial response, to (2) After initial response to recovery. 
■ Review of earthquake preparedness committee 
● Disaster prevention measures The Earthquake Preparedness Promotion Committee 
(name changed May 2017) has systematically implemented disaster prevention measures based on the action roadmap established in March 2012, and from the key perspectives of (1) prioritizing human life, and (2) business continuity (BCM). The committee also considered damage that occurred as a result of the April 2016 Kumamoto earthquakes, identified some new concerns, and reviewed its disaster prevention plan. 
The main actions implemented by each subcommittee during fiscal 2017 are detailed below. 
■ Human Safety Subcommittee 
1. Measures to ensure food, clothing and shelter for evacuees 
(1) Securing food, clothing and shelter for persons helping with recovery efforts • Adoption of water purification system using motorized pump: Chita Plant 
(securing water for daily living from company water tanks, etc.) 
	•	Installation of manual water purification system: Kariya, Higashiura, Gifu  and Seki plants (as above)  
	•	Installation of cooking appliances: Canteens and dormitories at each  plant  ■ Facility Safety Subcommittee 1. Measures to ensure safety of escape routes  (1) Implementation of safety measures • Attachment of bolsters to shelving: Forging Plant (planned for  completion in September 2018) • Installation of crane escape equipment (as above) • Stabilizing equipment: Kariya, Higashiura, Gifu and Seki plants  (completed)  2. Measures to minimize damage to buildings and equipment, etc.  (1) Additional considerations after Kumamoto earthquakes (April 2016) • Identification of new potential risks (crane running off its tracks, sliding  shelves falling from racks) • Clarification of equipment requiring emergency stop systems  (confirmation of emergency stop procedures and times required) → Additional automatic shut-down mechanism to speed up stop times  (1 unit)  ■ Production Recovery Subcommittee 1. Liquefaction measures  (1) Measures implemented, with one remaining (coordination with neighboring company completed, with full implementation planned for October 2018)  ■ Other actions 1. Cooperation with domestic subsidiaries  (1) Aichi Steel Group Disaster Prevention Liaison Committee (meeting held July 2017)  (2) Multiple contact methods acquired (4 companies installed teleconferencing systems)  2. Cooperation with domestic sites  (1) Installation of teleconferencing systems with all domestic sites completed (all plants and offices)  3. Identification of issues through companywide emergency drills  (1) Planning improvements during fiscal 2018  
Information security 
● Information security promotion system Recognizing the importance of information security 
management, and in compliance with the All Toyota Security Guidelines (ATSG), we have established internal structures, provided employees with information and education on rules and regulations, and conduct inspections and so on. 
The Risk Management Department conducts security inspections to ensure that there are no issues with external email, that employees do not carelessly take internal information outside the office, or that USB memory, cameras, and other devices are handled properly. Along with enhanced checking functionality in the system, including the adoption of a system of alerts to persons in charge of confidentiality management in each department in the event of unauthorized access to confidential information, we are further enhancing our confidentiality management structure to also provide advice from experts. 
We have applied the ATSGs at all Group companies, and are enhancing information security across the entire Aichi Steel Group. 
■ Information security promotion system Management system and roles of each department 
● Information security guidelines We, for security controls and to prevent leakages of personal 
information, have established rules regarding the procedures for handling documents and data, sending and receipt of email, and management standards and procedures for computers and peripheral devices. 
Examples of rules: • Document control rules • Information security control rules • Information disclosure rules • Private information protection rules, etc. 
We carefully handle and strictly control any information held by the Company or by any Group company, and any information obtained from our customers, suppliers or employees, etc., in accordance with our internal rules. 
Definition of Confidential Information 
All information, products, and facilities, regardless of form, designated as subject to restrictions on disclosure by the confidentiality management supervisor specified under the information security system. Confidential information regarding other companies obtained through proper means is also included. 
● Information security awareness and education 
Through our CSR meetings, management receives updates on current Group information security management levels, as well as issues and ongoing efforts, ensuring a common awareness of information security as a management issue. For employees, a check is conducted using an "information security checklist" for every employee using a personal computer in their day-to-day work, regarding handling of information devices and various related rules. Based on those results, staff responsible for education in each department, along with department heads, provide individual instruction. 
We also present public incidents of information leaks in a news format, and issue company-wide alerts when a computer virus or other malicious program is discovered in the Company, in order to raise awareness of security controls. 
Number of times security training held 
   
Earthquake Preparedness Promotion Committee 
(General administration office: General Affairs Div.) 

Human Safety Subcommittee (Office: Human Resources Div.) 
* Name changed May 2017 
Role Specify actions to Mission protect lives 
Overall control 
Administrative Depts. 
Director in charge of General Affairs Division •Person responsible for confidentiality management 
General Affairs Division and IT Management Division •Creates and revises measures related to the 
management of confidential information •Audits and provides guidance according to the 
confidentiality management status across the entire 
company •Manages systems (both technical and human aspects) 

Facility Safety Subcommittee (Office: Facility Engineering Div.) 
Maintain buildings Role and facilities to 
Mission protect lives 
  
Production Recovery Subcommittee (Office: Production Control Div.) * Functions transferred from April 2018 
Develop Role environments and 
Mission prepares for early production recovery 

● Risk management education We have newly developed a curriculum for "risk 
management" designed for training of all job classes, where we explain how risk management is positioned and emphasized in CSR and actual cases of crisis at Aichi Steel to heighten employees' risk awareness and ensure they understand what to do to prevent crisis occurrence/recurrence and initial actions to take when a crisis occurs. 
As a result of the accident on January 8, 2016, we have declared January 8 to be Start Over Day at Aichi Steel to raise awareness of our commitment, confirmed by everyone at Aichi Steel, to preventing such an accident from recurring. 
In each department 
Role 
•Assumes all responsibility for confidential information within the division 
•Designates people in charge of confidentiality management 
•Has the final say in confidentiality classification •Designates employees authorized to create 
top-secret documents •Implements self-auditing of confidentiality 
management status •Establishes rules for the division 
•Acts under the authority of the confidentiality management supervisor (Designates confidentiality classification and sets the operating rules within the division) 
•Works to promote and fully establish confidentiality management in the division 
•Complies with laws, regulations, and company rules related to confidentiality management 
•Gives approval, instructions, and guidance related to confidential information used in their location 
•Complies with laws, regulations, and company rules related to confidentiality management •Reports accidents, damage, illegal acts and 
wrongdoing to his/her superior 

Confidentiality management supervisor (General managers of individual divisions) 

Acts under the authority of the confidentiality management supervisor (Designates confidentiality classification and sets the operating rules within the division) 

29 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 30 

Priority Issue 2 
● Initiatives toward respect for human rights 
The Aichi Steel Group states in the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines that it will comply with domestic and foreign laws and regulations both in letter and in spirit, and that it will respect human rights, and sets out behavioral standards for this. 
Through level-based training and other educational opportunities, we cultivate a corporate culture in which the diversity of each employee is respected. Workplace study sessions are held with the goal of preventing workplace harassment, and a “Hotto (hot)” line is in place for use by employees with issues regarding human rights. This system enables employees to consult directly with advising legal representatives. 
● Promotion of more active roles for women in the workplace 
Aichi Steel considers the promotion of diversity to be an important part of its management strategy. As part of creating a more comfortable environment for women, we are strengthening measures to promote more active roles for women and have established a system for this. We proactively hire more female employees, setting goals for the percentage of female hires among regular university hires. We also run seminars aiming to spread understanding of how to promote active roles for women, as well as career design training for female employees and their bosses. In this way, we are advancing initiatives to support women in developing their skills. 
▲Yuko Arai, Outside Director at Aichi Steel, giving a diversity seminar on promoting the participation of women, in front of an audience of many female employees, managers and directors 
■ Aichi Steel Group Compliance Hotline flowchart 
● Global human resources development 
In April 2017, we relaunched our Overseas Trainee (OT) program, and we have stationed one young employee in Thailand. 
In this new program, we are focusing on providing real work experiences at overseas affiliates, and on language studies to enable trainees to work alongside local employees using the local language. The trainees in Thailand attend language school to learn Thai while working on specific training topics. 
We believe this system will improve understanding of the local languages and cultures, and enhance relationships with local staff. 
● Specialized technical training Since August 2016, we have been providing specialized 
technical training for all skilled workers in forging plants to provide systematic training on the knowledge and skills needed at those plants. 
To raise understanding and lead to improvements in the purposes and “why” of each task, the roles of skilled workers, from the fundamentals of manufacturing to the essentials of the facilities that create products and measures for dealing with abnormalities, are divided into three ranks (Rank C, Rank B, and Rank A), and the training is organized so that workers learn in steps (Rank C: five years after joining the company; Rank B: 10 years after joining the company; Rank A: first-level supervisor). 
● Initiatives toward elimination of accidents resulting in lost work time 
We are transforming our safety culture and creating safe workplaces to eliminate accidents that result in lost work time and to ensure we never forget the lessons learned from the January 8 explosion. We are restructuring our workplace safety by preventing recurrence of fires and explosions, and improving workplaces that have high risk of serious accidents. We have also improved communication with in-plant operators, and have enhanced support systems by listening to any issues about work difficulties. 
■ Frequency rate and number of accidents resulting in lost work time 
As we increase our physical presence around the world, we are providing more opportunities for our young employees to work overseas. 
The real-life experiences provided in this training system help participants understand the significance of working overseas and the importance of communicating in the local languages, and through that we hope to help them grow into globally-active employees of Aichi Steel. 
The hands-on training combines knowledge learning and practical skills acquisition. Trainee proficiency is confirmed through written tests, and determinations of whether trainees have reached a level that can be used in practical work are confirmed through presentations on examples of improvements and on-site monitoring. Trainees who pass receive ranked certification. We started Rank C training in fiscal 2016, and Rank B training in fiscal 2017. 
By having all skilled workers undergo this training, a culture of asking “why?” will be created and the handing down of technology and skills to successors will be encouraged. 
● Health promotion efforts We prioritize mental health, lifestyle-related disease 
prevention and health management support for employees assigned overseas, and systematically implement relevant initiatives. As a result, we were recognized as a Health and Productivity Management Outstanding Organization (White 500 category), in a program adopted by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and Nippon Kenko Kaigi. We work to maintain and promote the health of our employees, which is a priority issue for the company. 
● Mental health activities 
The Aichi Steel Group is working to maintain the mental health of its employees and prevent the development of mental issues, through various educational programs and individualized mental health care based on the results of stress check tests. 
During fiscal 2017, we also provided advice to workplaces that rated a high risk for mental health based on the results of these stress tests. We also collaborate with mental health consultants to offer ongoing on-site consultation* to ensure early detection and treatment of employees with mental health issues. 
* Mental health consultants visit our company once a month to provide two-hour consultations to interested employees who are experiencing mental health issues. The system we developed enables employees to discuss their concerns face-to-face with professionals. 
Report (can be anonymous) 
Collaboration 
Report 
Feedback of outcome 
● Promotion of employment for people with disabilities 
We have employees with disabilities working in a range of workplaces, from our manufacturing sites to administrative divisions. We focus on providing support for continuous employment because it is important that they are able to continue working. Specifically, we are systematically training and allocating Vocational Life Consultants for Persons with Disabilities to provide general work advice to employees with disabilities, and Job Coaches to provide work-related coaching. In addition, we have also employed Certified Social Workers from fiscal 2017. With regular internal lessons aimed at developing the capabilities of people with intellectual disabilities as well, we are continuing our efforts to develop workplaces that suit individual capabilities, where all employees can enjoy working together. 
 
31 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 32 

Priority Issue 3 
● Quality Learning Center 
November has been designated Quality Month. We have opened a Quality Learning Center as a learning place for improving the quality of our work based on the concepts of “Customer First” and “Quality First.” We want every employee to be more conscious about quality, and to reconfirm the customer-first approach and the importance of observing rules, using failure case studies, actual experience and other methods to understand how quality problems impact our customers. 
● Awards for Group companies 
Shanghai Aichi Forging Co., Ltd. (Headquarters: Shanghai, China), an overseas subsidiary of Aichi Steel that produces a wide range of forged products, received both the 2015 Bronze Excellent Service Award and the 2016 Gold Excellent Service Award (top prize in the service category) from Shanghai Volkswagen. In 2017, it also received the Outstanding Quality Award from Shanghai Volkswagen for coming sixth in a field of 400 companies. Through these awards, the customer has recognized Shanghai Aichi Forging for its rapid and sincere after-sales service, its ability to flexibly meet logistics demands, and to meet 
 
● Activity promotion system 
In accordance with our policy of "Quality First," we will strive to maintain a business structure, based on ISO 9001, ISO 13485 and other standards, that gains customer trust and enables us to deliver attractive products that meet expectations and needs. In line with our Medium-term Quality Vision 2020, we are working as one to build a globally competitive, leading quality assurance system. 
In addition to domestic efforts, head office regularly sends support people to overseas plants to provide training to quality officers at each site and provide appropriate assistance regarding quality issues to strengthen their quality assurance systems. We are always working to improve our level of quality assurance. 
■ Medium-term Quality Vision 2020 
■ Quality assurance system Quality Function Board 
▲A Volkswagen Polo GTI received as a supplementary prize in 2016 
■Training programs for sales staff We are focusing on sales education for new and younger staff 
members to develop essential sales skills through a rich basic curriculum including training from outside specialists. The true purpose of our program is to strengthen each person’s 
urgent demands for increased production, the high net shaping rate and quality of its designs, and quality initiatives that have produced zero quality claims. 
  
Quality Assurance Div. 
Quality Control Dept. for each plant 
(ISO Review Committee) Plant sections 
■ Collection of customer evaluations Every year, we collect customer evaluations of Aichi Steel 
through a survey rating quality, delivery and service on a five-level scale. If any areas drop below standard, we implement initiatives the following year to improve those areas and improve customer satisfaction. 
  
● Third-party certifications and compliance with International Standards 
We comply with all relevant laws and regulations related to our purchasing activities, and also carefully control the confidential information of our suppliers in accordance with our company rules. 
● Green procurement efforts 
Since formulating the Aichi Steel Environmental Charter in 1996, we consider environmental conservation in all phases of our business activities, and work to achieve continuous improvements. In March 2017, we revised our Green Procurement Guidelines, which were established in 2003, to reflect changes in environmental laws and regulations, and customer demands and regulatory trends. We also work to purchase products with minimal environmental impact and prioritize purchases from suppliers engaged in proactive environmental conservation efforts. 
In addition to ISO 9001 certification, we have also obtained other third-party certifications and public institution accreditations based on our QMS, and we are assessed every one to five years for review of these certifications and 
■ Acquisition status of Quality ISO certification 
accreditations. After the 2015 revision of ISO 9001, we passed the 
revision approval for Steel products, forged products, and electro-magnetic products. 
1. Steel products and forged products 
2. Electro-magnetic products 
3. Analysis and testing 
Passed revision approval and surveillance audit for ISO 9001 (November) 
Passed revision approval and surveillance audit for 
■ Third-party certifications excluding ISO certification 
Development and Production Engineering Dept. 
Other related departments (Sales, Purchasing, Human Resources etc.) 
Overseas Support Dept. 
skills and also impro5 Total numbers of 
participants ● Legal compliance 

78 
(All customers who were supplied with above a certain amount of steel materials and forged products) 
● Global, open and fair transactions 
We strive to provide all of our suppliers, at home and abroad, with procurement information and the opportunity for open, fair transactions. Actual transactions are determined based on a comprehensive review of quality, technology, cost and delivery times, as well as soundness of management, approach to and structures for ongoing improvement, and other factors. 
● Mutual growth based on mutual trust 
Our relationships with our suppliers based on building and maintaining relationships of trust through close communication, and a basic approach that calls for us to grow together with our business partners and share the fruits of our mutual efforts. 
programs per year 
ve our sales management process. 

Number of customers surveyed 
offices 
22 
(All new and younger staff members) 
persons 

ISO 9001 Passed surveillance audit for ISO 13485 
Passed surveillance audit for ISO/IEC 17025 
(March) (February) 
(February) 

33 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 34 

Priority Issue 4 
● Activity promotion system In pursuit of harmonious coexistence and co-prosperity, Aichi Steel 
promotes community-oriented activities focused around four key words: “clean,” “green,” “creative” and “volunteerism.” 
The Volunteer Center, located in the General Affairs Division, provides information and promotes educational activities with the aim of supporting employee volunteer activities. It also plans smaller-scale volunteer activities which employees can participate in, and encourages them to experience volunteering for themselves. 
During fiscal 2017, we increased participation in activities through efforts such as an increased number of activities to promote coexistence with nature, starting the collection of used books, and introducing a canteen menu that supports regional recovery. We also set a record with a total of 7,276 volunteers, which was 647 more people than last year. 
Number of volunteers in FY2017 
■ Changes in the number of volunteers in social contribution activities (cumulative) 
Established in 1993, the Aichi Steel Volunteer Fund continues to donate to local social welfare organizations and others and to provide support to disaster-affected areas, including after the Kumamoto Earthquake. Another voluntary and ongoing program that employees can participate in is the “one-coin” donation program, where they donate 100 yen from their pays every month. 
In fiscal 2017, we started a new initiative to support welfare facilities for disabled persons, with the installation of collection boxes for used books, CDs and DVDs at four locations around the company. We also introduced a canteen menu that supports regional recovery as a new initiative to support disaster-affected areas. 
8,000 7,000 6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 
544 
volunteers 
Launched in 2010 to mark the 70th anniversary of our founding, every year we visit schools to present a “Lesson about Iron” to students. The project, which is in its ninth year, aims to teach elementary school fifth graders 
about the local industry of Tokai City, the largest iron-producing region in central Japan. Through a lesson called “Making Magnets,” we offer a fun way for all elementary school students to experience manufacturing. 
Creative lessons 12schools, 36classes 
Aichi Steel conducts traffic safety awareness activities as a responsible manufacturer in the automobile industry. One of those activities is “Zero Day” 
safety patrols that each site continues to conduct. 
, 2 325 
 
volunteers 
“One-coin” donation 

In addition to holding the “Nearby roads clean-up campaign” every two months to help clean our neighborhoods, we have been holding Clean Aichi Day every October since 2009, together with employees of domestic and overseas subsidiaries, as one of Aichi Steel’s CSR Enhancement Month activities. 
Twice every year, students of the Aichi Steel Technical Training Institute plant flowers in the roundabout in front of Meitetsu Shurakuen Station, the station nearest our offices, as one of our activities to clean the neighborhood. 
▲Canteen menu in support of regional recovery: Yogurt by Yuda Milk Corporation, Iwate Prefecture 
◀Produce stalls at a company event 
▲Collection box for used books, CDs and DVDs 
◀Community meeting 
7,276 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
(FY) 
■ Support for disaster-affected areas As part of our efforts to support disaster-affected 
areas, after events like the Great East Japan Earthquake, the Kumamoto earthquakes or the heavy rains in northern Kyushu, we hold sales of local produce at plant open days and other events, and every year we collect goods to be used for disaster recovery. 
■ Recycled books, CDs and DVDs 
We have started a collection drive as a support activity for welfare facilities for disabled persons. The used books we collect are fixed up for resale by persons with disabilities, with profits going to the workers involved. 
 
(647 person increase year-on-year) 
    
Nearby roads clean-up campaign 
Clean Aichi Day 
● Events and participation 
We hold community meetings once a year in the cities of Tokai and Kariya, where we promote exchanges with residents of the local communities and actively participate in a variety of local volunteer activities. We also support activities involving festivals, sports days and other local events in the communities surrounding our sites, and dispatch employees to assist with the operation of those events. 
We also invite local residents to events held at our headquarters and plants, and work to encourage interaction with our employees. 
▶Shiawase Mura: Support for production workshops for parents and children at Momiji Matsuri 
5 125 
volunteers 
800 
volunteers 
35 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 36 

Priority Issue 5● Fiscal 2017 targets and results
Based on the Aichi 2020 Environmental Action Plan, we pursued reductions in carbon dioxide to achieve the targets of the Japan Iron and Steel Federation’s Low-carbon Society Plan (Phase 1).
We set our internal targets at even higher levels and took action, but we were unable to avoid the negative effects of increased production, and we did not achieve those targets.
t-CO2/year
■ Breakdown of energy used
in fiscal 2017 (CO2 emissions)
■ Factors behind changes since last fiscal year
 Total CO2 emissions
Other
0.5%
Total CO2
emissions 669,000 t-CO2
Oxygen 1.9% Heavy oil class A 1%
Coke 7%
City gas
29.1%
 ● 2020 Environmental Action Plan
We formulated the Aichi 2020 Environmental Action Plan, a statement of policies and plans for environmental actions from fiscal 2016 to fiscal 2020. The plan adopts three core themes for the direction of our environmental action based on environmental management: building a low-carbon society, building a resource-recycling society and coexistence with nature. By reinforcing management from a global perspective that extends to consolidated subsidiaries, we are contributing, as a sustainable company, to society and the global environment.
● Contributions to end-of-life vehicle recycling
Low- carbon society
Resource Coexistence
recycling with nature
Management
Evaluation
669,000
Electricity
60.5%
(+34,000 tons year-over-year)
 Theme
Action item
Major efforts
In accordance with the End-of-Life Vehicle Recycling Act, which came into effect in 2005, the Toyota Group has been working towards total recycling. Aichi Steel is cooperating with Toyota Metal Co., Ltd. to improve recycling and develop recycling technology for glass parts, which have been the most difficult.
We introduced silica sand into steelmaking slag generated in electric furnaces as a molten slag cooling down material, but we focused on the similarities between silica sand and the glass components and made it possible to achieve the same effects by mixing silica sand with waste glass, and it is
now possible to recycle waste glass as an electric furnace byproduct.
As a result, the end-of-life vehicle recycling rate increased to 99.8 %.
▲Waste glass from cars was previously difficult to recycle due to its specialty components and color
  * Molten slag cooling down material: An electric furnace byproduct that is added to control the slag components, reduce the temperature as a cooling material, and curtail explosive boiling.
● Participation in All-Toyota Green Wave Project activities 37 AICHI STEEL REPORT
AICHI STEEL REPORT 38

Priority Issue 6
● Summary
During the consolidated fiscal year, the Japanese economy drifted
toward a gradual recovery on the economic policies of the government and the Bank of Japan. At the same time, and despite uncertainties in some economies like China and other emerging countries in Asia, the global economy was also on the rise.
Net sales stood at 236,237 million yen for the current consolidated fiscal year, an 11.0% increase from the previous consolidated fiscal year of 212,837 million yen. Profit also increased from the previous consolidated fiscal year. The main factors behind this were increased sales volumes, increased selling prices, and the fact that compared to the previous consolidated fiscal year, there were no negative pressures on prices or supplier logistics charges resulting from the January 8, 2016 explosion. As a result, the Aichi Steel Group posted an operating profit of 11,813 million yen, a 63.7% increase from the previous consolidated fiscal year of 7,218 million yen, despite increased costs of raw materials, energy and other purchased goods, increased expenses and other negative pressures on profit. In addition, we posted an ordinary profit of 11,774 million yen, a 71.6% increase from the previous consolidated fiscal year of 6,863 million yen, and profit attributable to owners of parent of 8,182 million yen, a 60.9% increase from the previous consolidated fiscal year of 5,084 million yen.
● Assets, liabilities and net assets
Total assets at the end of the consolidated fiscal year were 277,847 million yen, which was an increase of 4,740 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year.
Current assets were 125,740 million yen, which was a decrease of 5,057 million yen.
Property, plant and equipment increased by 4,658 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year. In the current consolidated fiscal year, we made total capital investments of 19,020 million yen. Depreciation and amortization totaled 13,818 million yen.
Current liabilities were 51,300 million yen, which was a decline of 8,637 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year, mainly because the current portion of long-term loans payable decreased by 8,853 million yen.
Non-current liabilities were 65,741 million yen, which was an increase of 3,844 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year. Net assets were 160,806 million yen, which was an increase of 9,533 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year. Also, net assets per share stood at 7,716.77 yen (7,266.42 yen in the previous consolidated fiscal year), while the capital adequacy ratio was 54.7% (52.4% in the previous consolidated fiscal year).
● Consolidated cash flows
Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 186 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year to a total of 13,164 million yen. Profit before income taxes increased by 4,326 million yen, and cash increased by 2,699 million yen due to an increase in notes and accounts payable-trade (cash decreased by 3,819 million yen in the previous consolidated fiscal year due to a decrease in notes and accounts payable-trade). Despite this, cash decreased by 3,600 million yen due to an increase in inventories (159 million yen in the previous consolidated fiscal year), and cash increased by 2,316 million yen due to a decrease in other current liabilities (cash increased by 4,722 million yen in the previous consolidated fiscal year due to an increase in other current liabilities).
Net cash used in investing activities decreased by 20,954 million yen, which was an increase of 1,277 million yen from the previous consolidated fiscal year. The main factor was a decrease of 1,604 million yen in income due to the sale of investment securities compared to the previous consolidated fiscal year.
Net cash used in financing activities decreased by 9,509 million yen (cash increased by 15,231 million yen in the previous consolidated fiscal year). This was due to income of 20,000 million yen through a corporate bond issue in the previous consolidated fiscal year.
As a result, cash and cash equivalents at the end of the current consolidated fiscal year amounted to 27,439 million yen, a decrease of 17,292 million yen from the end of the previous consolidated fiscal year (44,732 million yen).
● Sales by segment
In April 2017, Aichi Steel Group adopted an in-house company system and changed its organizational structure to achieve the steady growth it is targeting. With this change, we revised the reporting segmentation we use from this consolidated fiscal year. Instead of the previous four categories of Specialty Steel Business, Forged Products Business, Electro-magnetic Products Business and Other Businesses, we are now using the categories of Hagane Company, Kitaeru Company, Smart Company and Other Businesses.
Hagane Company
As a result of increased sales volumes and sales prices in our core product areas of specialty steel and stainless steel, we achieved net sales of 110,974 million yen during the current consolidated fiscal year (96,225 million yen in the previous consolidated fiscal year), which was a 15.3% increase from last year.
Kitaeru Company
As a result of increased sales volumes and sales prices in our core product area of closed-die forged products for automobiles, we achieved net sales of 107,352 million yen during the current consolidated fiscal year (99,599 million yen in the previous consolidated fiscal year), which was a 7.8% increase from last year.
Smart Company
As a result of increased sales volumes of our electronic components, we achieved net sales of 14,786 million yen during the current consolidated fiscal year (13,820 million yen in the previous consolidated fiscal year), which was a 7.0% increase from last year.
Other businesses
We achieved net sales of 3,123 million yen during the current consolidated fiscal year (3,191 million yen in the previous consolidated fiscal year), which was a 2.1% decrease from last year.
■ Net sales breakdown Smart
Company
14.7 (6.3%)
Kitaeru Company
107.3 (45.4%)
240.647 10.616 10.693 6.023 88.291 268.064 161.669
306.25 306.18 10.00 4,617
Other businesses 3.1 (1.3%)
 ●
Capital investments
■ Five-year summary (consolidated)
Net sales
Operating profit
Profit before income taxes
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Property, plant and equipment
Total assets
Net assets
Per share data:
Net profit: Basic*1
Net profit: Diluted*1
Cash dividends Number of employees
(Billion yen) (Billion yen) (Billion yen) (Billion yen) (Billion yen) (Billion yen) (Billion yen)
(Yen) (Yen) (Yen)
(Persons)
237.420 9.627 9.779 5.503 85.841 255.259 144.965
279.94 279.84 10.00 4,613
214.120 5.883 1.409 0.020 89.628 251.760 147.534
1.02
1.02 10.00 4,654
212.837 7.218 8.045 5.084 96.310 273.107 151.273
258.34 258.31
55.00*2 4,773
236.237 11.813 12.371 8.182 100.968 277.847 160.806
415.71 415.71 120.00
4,847
Capital investments totaled 19,000 million yen, mainly for the purposes of increasing production capacity on steel or electro-magnetic product manufacturing equipment, and for streamlining, updating and functionally improving steel and forged product manufacturing equipment.
● Financing
U.S. forging subsidiary Aichi Forge USA repaid a long-term
loan of 16 million U.S. dollars (approximately 1,700 million yen) in September 2017, so in light of forecasts for future capital investments and cash flow, it received new financing from a local Japanese bank in December 2017 in the form of a long-term loan for 23.5 million U.S. dollars (approximately 2,500 million yen).
Notes:
*1 Every 10 shares in the Company were consolidated into one share effective of October 1, 2016. Net profit per share and net profit per share (diluted) were calculated in anticipation of this share consolidation at the beginning of the 110th Term.
*2 The cash dividend for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 was 55.00 yen per share, comprising an interim dividend of 5.00 yen and a final dividend of 50.00 yen. Because every 10 shares in the Company were consolidated into one share effective of October 1, 2016, the interim dividend of 5.00 yen was pre-consolidation and the final dividend of 50.00 yen was post-consolidation. When making calculations related to the share consolidation, the full-year dividend is considered to be 100.00 yen per share, comprising an interim dividend of 50.00 yen and a final dividend of 50.00 yen.
236.2
(billion yen)
Hagane Company 110.9 (47.0%)
   39 AICHI STEEL REPORT
AICHI STEEL REPORT 40
 Third-party
 Clearly taking a proactive stance to changes in the business environment
As the president mentioned at the beginning of his message, there is a paradigm shift occurring as the environment surrounding the automotive industry undergoes great change. The in-house company system adopted in April 2017, consisting of the Hagane Company, Kitaeru Company, and Smart Company, is a clear example of this proactive stance. In their messages, Company presidents show their commitment to generating high profitability on the back of the exceptional technical capabilities they have built up. The new Corporate Office as well, consisting of the Corporate Planning Headquarters, Marketing & Sales Headquarters and Manufacturing and Future Planning Headquarters, forms a framework providing groupwide checks and balances of the three Companies, which is a commendable system assuring reliable governance.
Synergies between company transformation, employee awareness and workstyle reform
One of the goals of Aichi Steel’s 2020 Medium-term Management Plan is to build a company of contented employees, while the Aichi Way, established in January 2018, also clearly positions the concepts of Densho/Sustain, Souzou/Create and Kansha/Appreciate as a spiritual guide to achieving the goals, which is particularly praiseworthy. In response to the groupwide transformation that came with adoption of the in-house company system, and as described in the president’s message and Special Feature 2, it is clear that the company has launched comprehensive efforts toward workstyle reform for its employees. The report describes implementation of workplace-based ideas for smooth reform of employee workstyles, such as the introduction of work finish time boards and time management duty persons, while at the same time making efforts to transform management styles for key managers with the adoption of a team system. Raising awareness among key managers about the need to both develop and appreciate workers, should also contribute greatly to improving work-related pride and motivation of every employee. It is possible that the significant yearly increases in the number of participants in volunteer activities is an outcome of these efforts to change the way people think.
Clearly setout priority issues (materiality) and systematic descriptions based on them
The six priority issues (materiality) established in fiscal 2016, the setting
Response to the Third-party View
of important management indices to resolve them, and a systematic CSR plan were clearly described. As a result, the contributions that Aichi Steel is attempting to make toward realizing a sustainable society were accurately expressed throughout the report, which was highly commendable.
The report contains three special features in the first half that clearly describe the areas that Aichi Steel is focusing on, the directions it is taking and how it aims to get there.
Steady achievements of the 2020 Environmental Action Plan
The 2020 Environmental Action Plan included a list of 15 action items. However, there was a slight deterioration in slag generation base units and the company failed to achieve internal targets for reducing by-products during production and reducing CO2 emissions, which had been set at higher levels, due to issues such as increased production volumes over the previous two years. The report shows that despite this, all other action items were steadily achieving results. Because the company is continuing existing efforts to reduce environmental burden, through initiatives such as 4S Re-Engineering, there might not be much more room for improvement, but I hope the company will continue working toward its goals.
Easier to read, easier to understand
This year’s report implements many ideas for improving its appeal to readers, including ongoing efforts to link to the online version, a much more detailed examination of each priority issue, an improved layout and emphasis on important numbers. The result is commendable for its accurate presentation of information that needs to be conveyed, and the highly balanced ease of reading and understanding for readers.
Conclusion
In the company’s 114th Term, operating income made considerable improvements toward targets in the 2020 Medium-term Management Plan. I look forward to seeing the further effects that adoption of an in-house company system has on driving strategic management and workstyle reform for employees, and seeing the contribution it makes to further expansion of shared value between the Aichi Steel and society.
* This third-party view was written based on interviews with management and related parties.
Major Products
Specialty steel
Refer to the website for further detail: https://www.aichi-steel.co.jp/ENGLISH/products/index.html
This year’s Aichi Steel report again accurately describes the company’s strategic and proactive CSR management based on the clear commitment of the president.
Mr. Satoshi Chikami
Executive Officer and Professor, Faculty of International Welfare Development, Nihon Fukushi University
Corporate Profile
Corporate Profile
 Establishment Capital Representative Employees
Business Description
March 8, 1940
25,016 million yen (as of March 31, 2018) Takahiro Fujioka, President and Representative 4,847 (Consolidated)/2,592
(Non-consolidated) (as of March 31, 2018) Production and sale of specialty steel products, forgings and electromagnetic products
Offices Head Office: Tokai City, Aichi Pref., Japan Sales Offices: Tokyo/Osaka/Fukuoka
Overseas Offices: Shanghai/Silicon Valley
Plants: Chita/Kariya/Forging/Higashiura/ Gifu/Seki/electronic parts
 Based on our more than half-century of experience and technology in specialty steel manufacturing, the Aichi Steel Group continues to evolve in pursuit of being number one in quality.
Stainless steel / titanium
The durability of stainless steel, which resists the rust that is one of iron’s weaknesses, has been demonstrated in dams, floodgates, ships, bridges, chemical plants and a wide variety of other fields. In recent years, stainless steel has also found many uses in architecture. Furthermore, using the metalworking technologies we have developed through stainless steel, we also develop titanium rods.
Example products: Stainless steel shapes, round bars, etc.
Electro-magnetic products
The Group is also expanding into new businesses extending from stainless steel that combine technologies in materials, magnetics and surface treatment, including electronic parts, magnets, sensors, and dental appliances.
Example products: MAGFINE®, MI sensors, etc.
    Example products:
Structural steel, free-cutting steel, spring steel, etc.
Forged products
The Aichi Steel Group offers integrated production, from steel material to forged products, and that strength contributes to more compact, higher-performance automobiles. While we produce a wide range of forgings, we are particularly proud to be highly competitive in crankshafts, ring gears and shafts.
Example products:
Crankshafts, differential ring gears, rear axle shafts, etc.
         Aichi Steel Group
9 companies in Japan
• AIKO CORPORATION
• AICHI CERATEC CORPORATION
• OMI MINING CO., LTD.
• Aichi Techno Metal Fukaumi Co., Ltd. • Aichi Steel Logistics co., ltd.
• Aichi Information System Corporation • AIKO SERVICE CO., LTD.
• Aichi Micro Intelligent Corporation
• Asdex Corporation
  Ichiro Murakami
Senior Executive Officer
Corporate Communications Div.
Professor Chikami has provided us with valuable insights and proposals since fiscal 2010, and we are extremely grateful for his support.
This year, we have been implementing new initiatives toward creating a New Aichi Steel, including strengthening our business capabilities through an in-house company system and workstyle reform, to help achieve our newly established 2020 Medium-term Management Plan. In January 2018, we also established the Aichi Way, a spiritual guide shared by all employees of the Aichi Steel Group.
High praise for these initiatives from such an expert encourages us and gives us confidence in our continuing efforts. To live up to these expectations, we will further our endeavors and contribute to society through the results while working to achieve steady growth for the company.
Regarding the issues Professor Chikami noted of internal targets in our Environmental Action Plan for reducing by-products during production and reducing CO2 emissions, which had been set at higher levels, we failed to reach those targets this time due to increased production in response to the current high rate of orders. However, we will continue to make a concerted effort to reuse steel scrap as raw materials in our products as a resource-recycling corporation, and work toward becoming a globally valued enterprise.
Finally, the Visitor Center in our new administration building was completed in March 2018. We intend to use the center to welcome many more people on plant tours and to otherwise strengthen communications with local residents and other stakeholders. Our aim is to become a company whose presence is cherished by locals, and, from a CSV perspective, it is our intention to continue to
Refer to the website for further detail: https://www.aichi-steel.co.jp/ENGLISH/about/aichi_steel_group.html
9 companies overseas
• AICHI FORGE PHILIPPINES, INC.(AFP)
• Aichi Forge USA, INC. (AFU)
• Aichi Europe GmbH (Ae)
• AICHI FORGE (THAILAND) CO., LTD.(AFT) • Shanghai Aichi Forging Co., Ltd. (SAFC)
• PT. AICHI FORGING INDONESIA (AFI)
• Aichi Magfine Czech s.r.o (AMC)
• Aichi Korea Corporation (AKC)
• Aichi Magfine Technology (Pinghu) Co., Ltd. (AMT)
41 AICHI STEEL REPORT
AICHI STEEL REPORT 42
View
 
 