Priority Issue 1 
● Corporate governance policy With a basic CSR policy of "striving to contribute to 
sustainable development of society and the Earth through sound corporate activities," we are managing our company in a way that enjoys extensive trust of society by establishing and maintaining an organization capable of responding swiftly to changes in business environments and a fair and transparent management system. 
As common values and codes of conduct to be followed by all employees of the Aichi Steel Group, we are committed to adopting the Aichi Way as a spiritual guide to achieving Our Vision. 
● Adoption of in-house company system We have adopted an in-house company system comprising 
our Hagane Company, Kitaeru Company, and Smart Company to make operational decision-making faster and create more competitive businesses. Each company also has its own president and business management division to responsibly drive each business. 
We have established a Corporate Office with three separate headquarters as well to provide groupwide support and checks and balances for each company. 
● Corporate governance system 
● Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code 
We fully comply with the Corporate Governance Code, and submit a corporate governance report regarding disclosure to the Tokyo Stock Exchange. We review our compliance status once a year and make amendments or changes as required. (We made changes in November 2017.) 
We are also currently responding to the June 2018 revision of Japan’s Corporate Governance Code. We will continue with efforts to strengthen and expand corporate governance, and observe the content of the code. 
● Internal control system In line with the Internal Control System Basic Policy, we 
develop and properly operate systems to ensure the appropriateness of our operations. 
We review the basic policy annually to determine if any revisions or changes are required. We also check operational status, report to the Board of Directors, and make disclosures in our business report. 
In the April 2018 review, we reflected changes in internal systems through revisions to this basic policy. 
10 
● Compliance promotion system 
We aim to be a trusted company through the protection of human rights and compliance with laws and regulations, and by respecting public decency. To enhance the overall compliance of our Group, the Corporate Planning Committee—headed by the Corporate Planning Headquarters General Manager—sets and reviews compliance policies on a regular basis. 
Based on our internal rules and the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines, we strive to improve our compliance with laws and regulations as well as our social common sense. We enhance employee awareness by distributing compliance manuals, and the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines. 
■ Compliance promotion system 
● Whistle-blowing system 
In fiscal 2017, a total of 10 cases were reported to the Aichi Steel Group Compliance Hotline, the company's whistle-blowing system. 
We will continue promoting recognition and awareness of our whistle-blowing system to further improve our internal ability to govern ourselves. Necessary measures will be taken for improper actions reported, and the president will be informed to the president for confirmation while such measures are carried out. We will also lay out how the system is operated and protection of whistle-blowers to ensure whistle-blowers are protected. 
cases 
■ Changes in whistle-blowing cases Contact point 
■General Affairs Div. ■Audit & Supervisory Board Member ■Lawyer (Cases) 
14 12 10 
8 6 4 2 0 
2013 2014 
2015 2016 2017 
(FY) 
     
The Board of Directors, comprising Directors appointed by shareholders, makes decisions regarding material matters affecting the Company through discussion and mutual supervision regarding such aspects as necessity, legality, and efficiency. Auditors and the Audit & Supervisory Board examine these decisions for legal violations and other compliance matters. 
■ Corporate governance system diagram 
27 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 28 
● 
Compliance promotion activities 
● Fair transactions with suppliers We periodically hold Business Regulations, 
Procurement Edition seminars to improve compliance with the Subcontracting Act, which is closely connected to our procurement transactions, and to avoid breaches of the act that is easy to fall foul of. 
To enhance the compliance awareness of employees, education on compliance to all employees. The importance of compliance is also covered in the Action Guidelines workshop held for those promoted to each level within the organization. In addition, other corporate scandal case studies are reported to the Compliance Liaison Meeting to help prevent the recurrence of similar compliance incidents. 
We also hold director workshops on director responsibilities, and CSR seminars on confidentiality management and corporate scandals. 
Level-based training 
CSR workshops 
301 1CSR Seminar 
4 
time 
(Jan) 
times(Mar,Jul,Oct,Dec) time (Oct) 41 
participants 
we provide 
times(Feb, Apr, Jul, Oct) Compliance Liaison Meeting Director workshops (director responsibilities) 
Priority Issue 1 Risk management system 
● Risk management system We have established internal rules, such as risk management 
rules and disaster prevention rules, and have established a risk management system, so that if we face or predict a serious risk, we can take prompt and appropriate action and ensure sound business operation. 
We have reviewed our management structure in line with the in-house company system we adopted in April 2017. As part of the review, in May 2017, we changed the name of our organization that considers matters related to large earthquakes, from the Earthquake Preparedness Committee to the Earthquake Preparedness Promotion Committee, and we improved the level of practice and implementation. 
We also reviewed our Companywide Disaster Preparedness Organization and clarified its activities in chronological order, from (1) Earthquake occurrence to initial response, to (2) After initial response to recovery. 
■ Review of earthquake preparedness committee 
● Disaster prevention measures The Earthquake Preparedness Promotion Committee 
(name changed May 2017) has systematically implemented disaster prevention measures based on the action roadmap established in March 2012, and from the key perspectives of (1) prioritizing human life, and (2) business continuity (BCM). The committee also considered damage that occurred as a result of the April 2016 Kumamoto earthquakes, identified some new concerns, and reviewed its disaster prevention plan. 
The main actions implemented by each subcommittee during fiscal 2017 are detailed below. 
■ Human Safety Subcommittee 
1. Measures to ensure food, clothing and shelter for evacuees 
(1) Securing food, clothing and shelter for persons helping with recovery efforts • Adoption of water purification system using motorized pump: Chita Plant 
(securing water for daily living from company water tanks, etc.) 
	•	Installation of manual water purification system: Kariya, Higashiura, Gifu  and Seki plants (as above)  
	•	Installation of cooking appliances: Canteens and dormitories at each  plant  ■ Facility Safety Subcommittee 1. Measures to ensure safety of escape routes  (1) Implementation of safety measures • Attachment of bolsters to shelving: Forging Plant (planned for  completion in September 2018) • Installation of crane escape equipment (as above) • Stabilizing equipment: Kariya, Higashiura, Gifu and Seki plants  (completed)  2. Measures to minimize damage to buildings and equipment, etc.  (1) Additional considerations after Kumamoto earthquakes (April 2016) • Identification of new potential risks (crane running off its tracks, sliding  shelves falling from racks) • Clarification of equipment requiring emergency stop systems  (confirmation of emergency stop procedures and times required) → Additional automatic shut-down mechanism to speed up stop times  (1 unit)  ■ Production Recovery Subcommittee 1. Liquefaction measures  (1) Measures implemented, with one remaining (coordination with neighboring company completed, with full implementation planned for October 2018)  ■ Other actions 1. Cooperation with domestic subsidiaries  (1) Aichi Steel Group Disaster Prevention Liaison Committee (meeting held July 2017)  (2) Multiple contact methods acquired (4 companies installed teleconferencing systems)  2. Cooperation with domestic sites  (1) Installation of teleconferencing systems with all domestic sites completed (all plants and offices)  3. Identification of issues through companywide emergency drills  (1) Planning improvements during fiscal 2018  
Information security 
● Information security promotion system Recognizing the importance of information security 
management, and in compliance with the All Toyota Security Guidelines (ATSG), we have established internal structures, provided employees with information and education on rules and regulations, and conduct inspections and so on. 
The Risk Management Department conducts security inspections to ensure that there are no issues with external email, that employees do not carelessly take internal information outside the office, or that USB memory, cameras, and other devices are handled properly. Along with enhanced checking functionality in the system, including the adoption of a system of alerts to persons in charge of confidentiality management in each department in the event of unauthorized access to confidential information, we are further enhancing our confidentiality management structure to also provide advice from experts. 
We have applied the ATSGs at all Group companies, and are enhancing information security across the entire Aichi Steel Group. 
■ Information security promotion system Management system and roles of each department 
● Information security guidelines We, for security controls and to prevent leakages of personal 
information, have established rules regarding the procedures for handling documents and data, sending and receipt of email, and management standards and procedures for computers and peripheral devices. 
Examples of rules: • Document control rules • Information security control rules • Information disclosure rules • Private information protection rules, etc. 
We carefully handle and strictly control any information held by the Company or by any Group company, and any information obtained from our customers, suppliers or employees, etc., in accordance with our internal rules. 
Definition of Confidential Information 
All information, products, and facilities, regardless of form, designated as subject to restrictions on disclosure by the confidentiality management supervisor specified under the information security system. Confidential information regarding other companies obtained through proper means is also included. 
● Information security awareness and education 
Through our CSR meetings, management receives updates on current Group information security management levels, as well as issues and ongoing efforts, ensuring a common awareness of information security as a management issue. For employees, a check is conducted using an "information security checklist" for every employee using a personal computer in their day-to-day work, regarding handling of information devices and various related rules. Based on those results, staff responsible for education in each department, along with department heads, provide individual instruction. 
We also present public incidents of information leaks in a news format, and issue company-wide alerts when a computer virus or other malicious program is discovered in the Company, in order to raise awareness of security controls. 
Number of times security training held 
   
Earthquake Preparedness Promotion Committee 
(General administration office: General Affairs Div.) 

Human Safety Subcommittee (Office: Human Resources Div.) 
* Name changed May 2017 
Role Specify actions to Mission protect lives 
Overall control 
Administrative Depts. 
Director in charge of General Affairs Division •Person responsible for confidentiality management 
General Affairs Division and IT Management Division •Creates and revises measures related to the 
management of confidential information •Audits and provides guidance according to the 
confidentiality management status across the entire 
company •Manages systems (both technical and human aspects) 

Facility Safety Subcommittee (Office: Facility Engineering Div.) 
Maintain buildings Role and facilities to 
Mission protect lives 
  
Production Recovery Subcommittee (Office: Production Control Div.) * Functions transferred from April 2018 
Develop Role environments and 
Mission prepares for early production recovery 

● Risk management education We have newly developed a curriculum for "risk 
management" designed for training of all job classes, where we explain how risk management is positioned and emphasized in CSR and actual cases of crisis at Aichi Steel to heighten employees' risk awareness and ensure they understand what to do to prevent crisis occurrence/recurrence and initial actions to take when a crisis occurs. 
As a result of the accident on January 8, 2016, we have declared January 8 to be Start Over Day at Aichi Steel to raise awareness of our commitment, confirmed by everyone at Aichi Steel, to preventing such an accident from recurring. 
In each department 
Role 
•Assumes all responsibility for confidential information within the division 
•Designates people in charge of confidentiality management 
•Has the final say in confidentiality classification •Designates employees authorized to create 
top-secret documents •Implements self-auditing of confidentiality 
management status •Establishes rules for the division 
•Acts under the authority of the confidentiality management supervisor (Designates confidentiality classification and sets the operating rules within the division) 
•Works to promote and fully establish confidentiality management in the division 
•Complies with laws, regulations, and company rules related to confidentiality management 
•Gives approval, instructions, and guidance related to confidential information used in their location 
•Complies with laws, regulations, and company rules related to confidentiality management •Reports accidents, damage, illegal acts and 
wrongdoing to his/her superior 

Confidentiality management supervisor (General managers of individual divisions) 

Acts under the authority of the confidentiality management supervisor (Designates confidentiality classification and sets the operating rules within the division) 

29 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 30 
