Priority Issue 2 
● Initiatives toward respect for human rights 
The Aichi Steel Group states in the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines that it will comply with domestic and foreign laws and regulations both in letter and in spirit, and that it will respect human rights, and sets out behavioral standards for this. 
Through level-based training and other educational opportunities, we cultivate a corporate culture in which the diversity of each employee is respected. Workplace study sessions are held with the goal of preventing workplace harassment, and a “Hotto (hot)” line is in place for use by employees with issues regarding human rights. This system enables employees to consult directly with advising legal representatives. 
● Promotion of more active roles for women in the workplace 
Aichi Steel considers the promotion of diversity to be an important part of its management strategy. As part of creating a more comfortable environment for women, we are strengthening measures to promote more active roles for women and have established a system for this. We proactively hire more female employees, setting goals for the percentage of female hires among regular university hires. We also run seminars aiming to spread understanding of how to promote active roles for women, as well as career design training for female employees and their bosses. In this way, we are advancing initiatives to support women in developing their skills. 
▲Yuko Arai, Outside Director at Aichi Steel, giving a diversity seminar on promoting the participation of women, in front of an audience of many female employees, managers and directors 
■ Aichi Steel Group Compliance Hotline flowchart 
● Global human resources development 
In April 2017, we relaunched our Overseas Trainee (OT) program, and we have stationed one young employee in Thailand. 
In this new program, we are focusing on providing real work experiences at overseas affiliates, and on language studies to enable trainees to work alongside local employees using the local language. The trainees in Thailand attend language school to learn Thai while working on specific training topics. 
We believe this system will improve understanding of the local languages and cultures, and enhance relationships with local staff. 
● Specialized technical training Since August 2016, we have been providing specialized 
technical training for all skilled workers in forging plants to provide systematic training on the knowledge and skills needed at those plants. 
To raise understanding and lead to improvements in the purposes and “why” of each task, the roles of skilled workers, from the fundamentals of manufacturing to the essentials of the facilities that create products and measures for dealing with abnormalities, are divided into three ranks (Rank C, Rank B, and Rank A), and the training is organized so that workers learn in steps (Rank C: five years after joining the company; Rank B: 10 years after joining the company; Rank A: first-level supervisor). 
● Initiatives toward elimination of accidents resulting in lost work time 
We are transforming our safety culture and creating safe workplaces to eliminate accidents that result in lost work time and to ensure we never forget the lessons learned from the January 8 explosion. We are restructuring our workplace safety by preventing recurrence of fires and explosions, and improving workplaces that have high risk of serious accidents. We have also improved communication with in-plant operators, and have enhanced support systems by listening to any issues about work difficulties. 
■ Frequency rate and number of accidents resulting in lost work time 
As we increase our physical presence around the world, we are providing more opportunities for our young employees to work overseas. 
The real-life experiences provided in this training system help participants understand the significance of working overseas and the importance of communicating in the local languages, and through that we hope to help them grow into globally-active employees of Aichi Steel. 
The hands-on training combines knowledge learning and practical skills acquisition. Trainee proficiency is confirmed through written tests, and determinations of whether trainees have reached a level that can be used in practical work are confirmed through presentations on examples of improvements and on-site monitoring. Trainees who pass receive ranked certification. We started Rank C training in fiscal 2016, and Rank B training in fiscal 2017. 
By having all skilled workers undergo this training, a culture of asking “why?” will be created and the handing down of technology and skills to successors will be encouraged. 
● Health promotion efforts We prioritize mental health, lifestyle-related disease 
prevention and health management support for employees assigned overseas, and systematically implement relevant initiatives. As a result, we were recognized as a Health and Productivity Management Outstanding Organization (White 500 category), in a program adopted by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and Nippon Kenko Kaigi. We work to maintain and promote the health of our employees, which is a priority issue for the company. 
● Mental health activities 
The Aichi Steel Group is working to maintain the mental health of its employees and prevent the development of mental issues, through various educational programs and individualized mental health care based on the results of stress check tests. 
During fiscal 2017, we also provided advice to workplaces that rated a high risk for mental health based on the results of these stress tests. We also collaborate with mental health consultants to offer ongoing on-site consultation* to ensure early detection and treatment of employees with mental health issues. 
* Mental health consultants visit our company once a month to provide two-hour consultations to interested employees who are experiencing mental health issues. The system we developed enables employees to discuss their concerns face-to-face with professionals. 
Report (can be anonymous) 
Collaboration 
Report 
Feedback of outcome 
● Promotion of employment for people with disabilities 
We have employees with disabilities working in a range of workplaces, from our manufacturing sites to administrative divisions. We focus on providing support for continuous employment because it is important that they are able to continue working. Specifically, we are systematically training and allocating Vocational Life Consultants for Persons with Disabilities to provide general work advice to employees with disabilities, and Job Coaches to provide work-related coaching. In addition, we have also employed Certified Social Workers from fiscal 2017. With regular internal lessons aimed at developing the capabilities of people with intellectual disabilities as well, we are continuing our efforts to develop workplaces that suit individual capabilities, where all employees can enjoy working together. 
 
31 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 32 
