Priority Issue 3 
● Quality Learning Center 
November has been designated Quality Month. We have opened a Quality Learning Center as a learning place for improving the quality of our work based on the concepts of “Customer First” and “Quality First.” We want every employee to be more conscious about quality, and to reconfirm the customer-first approach and the importance of observing rules, using failure case studies, actual experience and other methods to understand how quality problems impact our customers. 
● Awards for Group companies 
Shanghai Aichi Forging Co., Ltd. (Headquarters: Shanghai, China), an overseas subsidiary of Aichi Steel that produces a wide range of forged products, received both the 2015 Bronze Excellent Service Award and the 2016 Gold Excellent Service Award (top prize in the service category) from Shanghai Volkswagen. In 2017, it also received the Outstanding Quality Award from Shanghai Volkswagen for coming sixth in a field of 400 companies. Through these awards, the customer has recognized Shanghai Aichi Forging for its rapid and sincere after-sales service, its ability to flexibly meet logistics demands, and to meet 
 
● Activity promotion system 
In accordance with our policy of "Quality First," we will strive to maintain a business structure, based on ISO 9001, ISO 13485 and other standards, that gains customer trust and enables us to deliver attractive products that meet expectations and needs. In line with our Medium-term Quality Vision 2020, we are working as one to build a globally competitive, leading quality assurance system. 
In addition to domestic efforts, head office regularly sends support people to overseas plants to provide training to quality officers at each site and provide appropriate assistance regarding quality issues to strengthen their quality assurance systems. We are always working to improve our level of quality assurance. 
■ Medium-term Quality Vision 2020 
■ Quality assurance system Quality Function Board 
▲A Volkswagen Polo GTI received as a supplementary prize in 2016 
■Training programs for sales staff We are focusing on sales education for new and younger staff 
members to develop essential sales skills through a rich basic curriculum including training from outside specialists. The true purpose of our program is to strengthen each person’s 
urgent demands for increased production, the high net shaping rate and quality of its designs, and quality initiatives that have produced zero quality claims. 
  
Quality Assurance Div. 
Quality Control Dept. for each plant 
(ISO Review Committee) Plant sections 
■ Collection of customer evaluations Every year, we collect customer evaluations of Aichi Steel 
through a survey rating quality, delivery and service on a five-level scale. If any areas drop below standard, we implement initiatives the following year to improve those areas and improve customer satisfaction. 
  
● Third-party certifications and compliance with International Standards 
We comply with all relevant laws and regulations related to our purchasing activities, and also carefully control the confidential information of our suppliers in accordance with our company rules. 
● Green procurement efforts 
Since formulating the Aichi Steel Environmental Charter in 1996, we consider environmental conservation in all phases of our business activities, and work to achieve continuous improvements. In March 2017, we revised our Green Procurement Guidelines, which were established in 2003, to reflect changes in environmental laws and regulations, and customer demands and regulatory trends. We also work to purchase products with minimal environmental impact and prioritize purchases from suppliers engaged in proactive environmental conservation efforts. 
In addition to ISO 9001 certification, we have also obtained other third-party certifications and public institution accreditations based on our QMS, and we are assessed every one to five years for review of these certifications and 
■ Acquisition status of Quality ISO certification 
accreditations. After the 2015 revision of ISO 9001, we passed the 
revision approval for Steel products, forged products, and electro-magnetic products. 
1. Steel products and forged products 
2. Electro-magnetic products 
3. Analysis and testing 
Passed revision approval and surveillance audit for ISO 9001 (November) 
Passed revision approval and surveillance audit for 
■ Third-party certifications excluding ISO certification 
Development and Production Engineering Dept. 
Other related departments (Sales, Purchasing, Human Resources etc.) 
Overseas Support Dept. 
skills and also impro5 Total numbers of 
participants ● Legal compliance 

78 
(All customers who were supplied with above a certain amount of steel materials and forged products) 
● Global, open and fair transactions 
We strive to provide all of our suppliers, at home and abroad, with procurement information and the opportunity for open, fair transactions. Actual transactions are determined based on a comprehensive review of quality, technology, cost and delivery times, as well as soundness of management, approach to and structures for ongoing improvement, and other factors. 
● Mutual growth based on mutual trust 
Our relationships with our suppliers based on building and maintaining relationships of trust through close communication, and a basic approach that calls for us to grow together with our business partners and share the fruits of our mutual efforts. 
programs per year 
ve our sales management process. 

Number of customers surveyed 
offices 
22 
(All new and younger staff members) 
persons 

ISO 9001 Passed surveillance audit for ISO 13485 
Passed surveillance audit for ISO/IEC 17025 
(March) (February) 
(February) 

33 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 34 
