Priority Issue 4 
● Activity promotion system In pursuit of harmonious coexistence and co-prosperity, Aichi Steel 
promotes community-oriented activities focused around four key words: “clean,” “green,” “creative” and “volunteerism.” 
The Volunteer Center, located in the General Affairs Division, provides information and promotes educational activities with the aim of supporting employee volunteer activities. It also plans smaller-scale volunteer activities which employees can participate in, and encourages them to experience volunteering for themselves. 
During fiscal 2017, we increased participation in activities through efforts such as an increased number of activities to promote coexistence with nature, starting the collection of used books, and introducing a canteen menu that supports regional recovery. We also set a record with a total of 7,276 volunteers, which was 647 more people than last year. 
Number of volunteers in FY2017 
■ Changes in the number of volunteers in social contribution activities (cumulative) 
Established in 1993, the Aichi Steel Volunteer Fund continues to donate to local social welfare organizations and others and to provide support to disaster-affected areas, including after the Kumamoto Earthquake. Another voluntary and ongoing program that employees can participate in is the “one-coin” donation program, where they donate 100 yen from their pays every month. 
In fiscal 2017, we started a new initiative to support welfare facilities for disabled persons, with the installation of collection boxes for used books, CDs and DVDs at four locations around the company. We also introduced a canteen menu that supports regional recovery as a new initiative to support disaster-affected areas. 
8,000 7,000 6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 
544 
volunteers 
Launched in 2010 to mark the 70th anniversary of our founding, every year we visit schools to present a “Lesson about Iron” to students. The project, which is in its ninth year, aims to teach elementary school fifth graders 
about the local industry of Tokai City, the largest iron-producing region in central Japan. Through a lesson called “Making Magnets,” we offer a fun way for all elementary school students to experience manufacturing. 
Creative lessons 12schools, 36classes 
Aichi Steel conducts traffic safety awareness activities as a responsible manufacturer in the automobile industry. One of those activities is “Zero Day” 
safety patrols that each site continues to conduct. 
, 2 325 
 
volunteers 
“One-coin” donation 

In addition to holding the “Nearby roads clean-up campaign” every two months to help clean our neighborhoods, we have been holding Clean Aichi Day every October since 2009, together with employees of domestic and overseas subsidiaries, as one of Aichi Steel’s CSR Enhancement Month activities. 
Twice every year, students of the Aichi Steel Technical Training Institute plant flowers in the roundabout in front of Meitetsu Shurakuen Station, the station nearest our offices, as one of our activities to clean the neighborhood. 
▲Canteen menu in support of regional recovery: Yogurt by Yuda Milk Corporation, Iwate Prefecture 
◀Produce stalls at a company event 
▲Collection box for used books, CDs and DVDs 
◀Community meeting 
7,276 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
(FY) 
■ Support for disaster-affected areas As part of our efforts to support disaster-affected 
areas, after events like the Great East Japan Earthquake, the Kumamoto earthquakes or the heavy rains in northern Kyushu, we hold sales of local produce at plant open days and other events, and every year we collect goods to be used for disaster recovery. 
■ Recycled books, CDs and DVDs 
We have started a collection drive as a support activity for welfare facilities for disabled persons. The used books we collect are fixed up for resale by persons with disabilities, with profits going to the workers involved. 
 
(647 person increase year-on-year) 
    
Nearby roads clean-up campaign 
Clean Aichi Day 
● Events and participation 
We hold community meetings once a year in the cities of Tokai and Kariya, where we promote exchanges with residents of the local communities and actively participate in a variety of local volunteer activities. We also support activities involving festivals, sports days and other local events in the communities surrounding our sites, and dispatch employees to assist with the operation of those events. 
We also invite local residents to events held at our headquarters and plants, and work to encourage interaction with our employees. 
▶Shiawase Mura: Support for production workshops for parents and children at Momiji Matsuri 
5 125 
volunteers 
800 
volunteers 
35 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 36 
