Priority Issue 5● Fiscal 2017 targets and results
Based on the Aichi 2020 Environmental Action Plan, we pursued reductions in carbon dioxide to achieve the targets of the Japan Iron and Steel Federation’s Low-carbon Society Plan (Phase 1).
We set our internal targets at even higher levels and took action, but we were unable to avoid the negative effects of increased production, and we did not achieve those targets.
t-CO2/year
■ Breakdown of energy used
in fiscal 2017 (CO2 emissions)
■ Factors behind changes since last fiscal year
 Total CO2 emissions
Other
0.5%
Total CO2
emissions 669,000 t-CO2
Oxygen 1.9% Heavy oil class A 1%
Coke 7%
City gas
29.1%
 ● 2020 Environmental Action Plan
We formulated the Aichi 2020 Environmental Action Plan, a statement of policies and plans for environmental actions from fiscal 2016 to fiscal 2020. The plan adopts three core themes for the direction of our environmental action based on environmental management: building a low-carbon society, building a resource-recycling society and coexistence with nature. By reinforcing management from a global perspective that extends to consolidated subsidiaries, we are contributing, as a sustainable company, to society and the global environment.
● Contributions to end-of-life vehicle recycling
Low- carbon society
Resource Coexistence
recycling with nature
Management
Evaluation
669,000
Electricity
60.5%
(+34,000 tons year-over-year)
 Theme
Action item
Major efforts
In accordance with the End-of-Life Vehicle Recycling Act, which came into effect in 2005, the Toyota Group has been working towards total recycling. Aichi Steel is cooperating with Toyota Metal Co., Ltd. to improve recycling and develop recycling technology for glass parts, which have been the most difficult.
We introduced silica sand into steelmaking slag generated in electric furnaces as a molten slag cooling down material, but we focused on the similarities between silica sand and the glass components and made it possible to achieve the same effects by mixing silica sand with waste glass, and it is
now possible to recycle waste glass as an electric furnace byproduct.
As a result, the end-of-life vehicle recycling rate increased to 99.8 %.
▲Waste glass from cars was previously difficult to recycle due to its specialty components and color
  * Molten slag cooling down material: An electric furnace byproduct that is added to control the slag components, reduce the temperature as a cooling material, and curtail explosive boiling.
● Participation in All-Toyota Green Wave Project activities 37 AICHI STEEL REPORT
AICHI STEEL REPORT 38