Initiatives to Eliminate the “Gaps” that Exist Worldwide
  In order to realize our corporate aspiration to be a “Medico Societal Innovator”, or in other words, “a company that changes society through creating medicines and providing solutions”, we are working on eliminating the various medical or care gaps that exist throughout the world.
In an ideal world, everyone would have access to the treatment/care they need, but things are different in reality. As a result of differences in region or income, or the lack of medical systems, there are huge discrepancies in the level of treatment or care available. We are enhancing our initiatives to eliminate these regional, income, and institutional gaps.
We believe that the initiatives to eliminate the gaps lead to not only enhancing non-financial capital but also achieving the United Nations’ 17 Sustainability Development Goals (SDGs).
❶ Initiatives to eliminate regional gaps
NTDs, such as lymphatic filariasis (LF) or Chagas disease, are a serious medical and social issue, and most of those patients are in developing and emerging countries. Moreover, due to poverty or other reasons, many of these people cannot receive the treatments that are necessary. We are taking proactive initiatives to eliminate NTDs that cause serious regional gaps. We believe that there is no difference in the value between caring for one patient with NTD and caring for one patient with cancer. The value of a pharmaceutical company is determined by the value for patients created by the company. Initiatives for NTDs are no longer side work, it is a major field alongside oncology and neurology.
● Gap in the level of treatment or care available
In order to eliminate LF, Eisai began manufacturing an LF treatment, DEC tablets, at our Vizag Plant in India and has been providing them to the World Health Organization (WHO) at Price Zero. Supply commenced in October 2013, and we have delivered approximately 1.44 billion tablets to 28 countries by the end of July 2018. WHO announced that eleven countries had already achieved elimination of LF. Eisai will continue providing DEC tablets, until LF is completely eliminated in all the LF-endemic countries where DEC tablets are needed.
Additionally, Eisai is proactively taking initiatives aimed at developing new treatments for NTDs including Chagas disease, filariasis, leishmaniasis and mycetoma. R&D activities for the treatment of NTDs cannot be accomplished on our own. We have partnered with several international research organizations to acquire specific research technologies, experience in running clinical studies and networking with clinical facilities in endemic regions. As a specific example, we are currently conducting PhaseII studies of our in-house antifungal agent fosravuconazole (E1224) for the treatment of
 16
Company Introduction
Management Strategies
Value Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG) Appendix Panel discussion at Universal Health Coverage Forum 2017
Chagas disease and mycetoma in collaboration with a non-profit drug research and development organization, the Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative (DNDi).
Eisai’s initiatives for elimination of NTDs are a long-term investment with the aim of eliminating regional gaps and expanding the productive population and middle income group in developing and emerging countries, and we will continue to proactively engage in this initiative.
❷ Initiatives to eliminate income gaps
The mission of a pharmaceutical company is not solely to create innovative new medicines. Securing access is also important in order for our products to reach all the people in need. In developing and emerging countries, there are vast numbers of patients who cannot obtain the medicines that they need due to low incomes. In order to eliminate income gaps, Eisai is pursuing affordable pricing policies.
As mentioned above, we are providing LF-endemic countries with DEC tablets through WHO at Price Zero.
Additionally, we have introduced “Tiered Pricing Policy”, a scheme where the price for a medicine varies based on the patients’ income and health insurance systems, in the case of launching new products in India, the Philippines and other self-pay markets. The “HOPE
TO HER PROGRAM”, in which our anticancer agent Halaven® is provided based on a tiered pricing model, has enabled more than 3,200 patients with breast cancer in Asian countries to receive Halaven® over the past four years.
Furthermore, Eisai has introduced “Affordable pricing policy” in Asian countries, a scheme that provides new medicines at a price to match the living standards there. For example, we are expanding access to antiepileptic agent Fycompa® in India by launching at affordable prices evaluated by market research of how much patients are willing to pay for efficacy of new epilepsy treatment. In self-pay markets in Asia except India, we introduced a new scheme that provides Fycompa free of charge for a certain period of time until patients confirm efficacy.
❸ Initiatives to eliminate institutional gaps
The existence or absence of medical systems produces huge discrepancies in the quality of available treatment or care. These institutional gaps have also become a serious issue in developed countries, and we are pursuing various strategies to overcome these problems. A representative example is our initiative for geriatric health services facilities in Japan. It has been pointed out that medical treatment is limited at these facilities, as payment for medicines and injections are restricted under Long-Term Care Insurance in Japan. This means that for dementia patients in particular, there is often a blank period in their treatments. In order to eliminate this institutional gap, we have entered into a direct agreement with the organizations which the facilities have joined, to provide Aricept® along with information about the disease to the facilities since January 2017. This business was first introduced in Tokyo, and has expanded into 42 prefectures in Japan at present.