Social and Relationship Capital
Improving Access to Medicines (ATM)
Making our medicines available to those who need them
Eisai is promoting initiatives for improving ATM to contribute to people in developing and emerging countries
Number of countries supplied with lymphatic filariasis treatment DEC tablets and volume supplied (as of July 2018)
28 1.44
countries
    billion tabletsInvesting in the Future of Developing and Emerging Countries
“We want to deliver as many necessary medicines as possible and nurture hope in as many people as
possible.” Putting this wish into each tablet, Eisai is engaged in activities for improving ATM with the aim of ensuring that people in developing and emerging countries receive the medicines they need. ATM is
a basic need for all people regardless of nationality, economic disparities or social standing. Today, approximately 2 billion people around the world
do not have adequate access to medicines*, most of whom are the poor in developing and emerging countries who also lack proper information about health and diseases.
Eisai believes that improving ATM in developing and emerging countries is a long-term investment that
will support the health of the people living in these countries and ultimately lead to the future growth of these nations as a whole. Eisai utilizes many methods including supply of products at affordable prices as well as public-private partnerships, as it continues to implement various ATM initiatives through its unique business models.
* Source: Access to Medicine Index
▶ https://accesstomedicineindex.org/about-the-index/
 Mass drug administration (MDA) of DEC tablets in Myanmar
36
Company Introduction Management Strategies
 Value Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
 Efforts to Help Eliminate Lymphatic Filariasis: Supplying DEC Tablets and Implementing Awareness-Raising Activities
Lymphatic filariasis (LF) is a neglected tropical disease (NTD) transmitted to humans via carrier mosquitoes. It is estimated that approximately 1 billion people worldwide, mainly those in developing countries, are exposed to the risk of LF.
The World Health Organization (WHO) conducts mass drug administrations (MDAs) in endemic areas in order to eliminate LF. Eisai is committed to supplying diethylcarbamazine (DEC) tablets, one of the three types of LF medicine used in the MDAs, until complete elimination is achieved in all LF endemic countries.
In 2013, Eisai obtained WHO prequalification
for DEC tablets and commenced production at its Vizag Plant in India. Since then, Eisai has provided 1.44 billion DEC tablets to 28 endemic countries through WHO’s elimination program (as of July 2018). Furthermore, to support the smooth implementation of WHO’s MDA programs, Eisai is engaging in initiatives to raise public awareness of LF in endemic areas. Staff members of Eisai’s local subsidiaries cooperate
●Cumulative quantity of DEC tablets supplied and the number of patients contributed to* (as of July 2018)
with the relevant representatives in endemic countries to eliminate LF as early as possible. In Indonesia, in order to raise the awareness of LF in society, Eisai staff members have given annual lectures on LF
since 2015 at the Faculty of Medicine, Gadjah Mada University, an institution that supports local health care. Eisai staff also prepare and distribute leaflets in the local language on the prevention and treatment of LF and support implementation of MDA in endemic countries.
Eisai’s activities are highly appreciated by endemic countries. A certificate of appreciation
for the donation of DEC tablets awarded to Eisai in January 2018 by the Department of Public Health, Ministry of Health and Sports of Myanmar is just one such example.
 Awarded Certificate of Appreciation by Department of Public Health, Ministry of Health and Sports of Myanmar for the Donation of DEC Tablets
Eisai has supplied about 350 million DEC tablets to Myanmar through WHO since March 2014. Myanmar is one of the three major countries together with India and Indonesia to which Eisai has supplied a large amount of DEC tablets.
During the MDA conducted in January 2018, the Department of Public Health, Ministry of Health and Sports awarded Eisai a certificate of appreciation with the comment “We are extremely grateful for the valuable contribution of Eisai’s provision of DEC tablets free of charge”.
Certificate of Appreciation
 (million) 1,500
1,000 500 0
Cumulative quantity of tablets supplied
Over 1.44 billion tablets were supplied
Contributing to nearly 580 million patients*
End of End of July 2016 2017 2018
   End of 2013
End of 2014
End of 2015
* The number of patients contributed to is an estimated value, which is converted from the cumulative quantity of tablets supplied based on the assumption that an average of 2.5 tablets is taken per capita in accordance with the definition of WHO.
●Countries where DEC tablets are scheduled to be supplied by 2020
● Countries where distribution has commenced
     WHO South-East Asia Region
●India  ●Indonesia   ●Myanmar  ●Sri Lanka   ●Timor-Leste ●Thailand Bangladesh Nepal
DEC Tablets (Diethylcarbamazine)
      WHO East Mediterranean Region
●Egypt 連携 Coordination
Vizag Plant, India
WHO African Region
●Eritrea  ●Kenya   ●Madagasca r
WHO Region of the Americas
●Dominican Republic ●Guyana
●Haiti
Brazil
     Eisai Head Office
WHO Western Pacific Region
●Fiji   ●French Polynesia 
●Laos    ●Malaysia   ●Papua New Guinea ●Philipp in es ●Samoa ●Micronesia  ●Tuvalu ●American Samoa
                 ●Zambia  ●Zimbabwe ●São Tomé and Príncipe Gambia
●Comoros
●Kiribati
37
Eisai Integrated Report 2018
(Distribution status as of July 2018)

R&D Initiatives for Improving Global Health
Eisai proactively undertakes research on pharmaceuticals for treating NTDs and for the three major infectious diseases (malaria, tuberculosis, HIV/ AIDS).
These diseases strike people with low incomes in developing countries, causing them to leave work. This in turn leads to a negative cycle of poverty in which people become incapacitated due to disease and become even poorer, and international efforts are called upon to tackle this significant global health issue. In response, Eisai is currently conducting various projects aimed at developing new treatments for Chagas disease, filariasis, leishmaniasis and mycetoma as well as malaria and tuberculosis. Undertaking research activities for these diseases requires specific expertise, technologies and clinical trial experience in addition to networks with clinical
facilities in endemic regions. For these reasons, Eisai is actively engaged in external collaborations such as partnerships with global research organizations and is participating in international consortiums to share compound libraries, as Eisai seeks to develop new drugs for NTDs and the three major infectious diseases.
Eisai aims to develop new drugs for Chagas disease, a disease transmitted by the assassin bug which is prevalent in 21 countries in Latin America. For this purpose, Eisai is conducting a PhaseII study of its in-house developed antifungal agent fosravuconazole (E1224) in partnership with the Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative (DNDi). Another PhaseII study of the agent is being conducted with DNDi for mycetoma, considered to be one of the most neglected diseases. Mycetoma is transmitted through pricks in the skin and causes large lesions.
●NTDs/Three major infectious diseases research project portfolio (As of July 2018)
         Early research stage
Non-clinical
Clinical
    Chagas disease
Chagas vaccine (using Eisai’s immunostimulant E6020) 1
Novel compounds
for Chagas disease 3
E1224 – Chagas disease project (PhaseII study) 5
  Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs)
NTD Drug Discovery Booster 2
Chagas vaccine (using Eisai’s immunostimulant E6020) 4
   Filariasis
Macrofilaricide Drug Accelerator 6
Novel anti-Wolbachia compounds 7
  Leishmaniasis
NTD Drug Discovery Booster 8
  Mycetoma
E1224 – Eumycetoma project (PhaseII study) 9
    Screening of novel compounds for malaria 10
Novel inhibitor of
Plasmodium Phe tRNA ligase 12
SJ733 – Inhibitor of Plasmodium ATP4 16
  Malaria
Malaria vaccine (using Eisai’s immunostimulant E6020) 11
Inhibitor of Plasmodium GWT1 13
 Three Major Infectious Diseases
TLR9 antagonist
for cerebral malaria 14
 Novel compound for artemisinin resistant malaria 15
  Tuberculosis
TB Drug Accelerator 17
 Novel treatment for tuberculosis 18
     ■Main partners of the projects
1, 11, 14 Fundação Oswaldo Cruz (Fiocruz) (Brazil) 2, 5, 8, 9 DNDi (Switzerland)
3, 12 Broad Institute (U.S.)
4 Sabin Vaccine Institute (U.S.)
6, 17 Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (U.S.)
7, 15 Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine (U.K.), University of Liverpool (U.K.)
10, 13 Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV) (Switzerland)
16 Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV), University of Kentucky (U.S.)
18 Broad Institute (U.S.), Colorado State University (U.S.), University of Chicago (U.S.)
Please visit the following link for details on projects▶ https://www.eisai.com/sustainability/atm/research.html
Pricing Policy that Emphasizes Affordability
Eisai has formulated various flexible pricing policies that enable patients in developing and emerging countries to purchase Eisai’s products at affordable prices. These pricing policies are formulated taking into consideration the social, economic and healthcare environments of developing and emerging countries. For example, Eisai has been providing Aricept® and Pariet® in India since 2005, and Revovir® in the Philippines since 2010 at affordable prices that are best suited to the living standards of the local patients.
Regarding Fycompa®, in India where many patients have to pay the full cost of medical expenses out- of-pocket, a unique scheme has been introduced.
The treatment is provided for free to patients for a certain period of time, and a proper administration the treatment is implemented once efficacy is confirmed. For the antiepileptic drug Zonegran®, the patient assistance program “Livefree” was initiated in India in 2017. This program subsidizes the cost of therapy for patients in need to help with continuity of treatment, provides free electroencephalogram tests, and provides various kinds of support and tools for disease
38

Company Introduction Management StrategiesValue Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG) Appendixmanagement. In addition, Eisai has introduced “Tiered Pricing”, an affordable pricing model, for the anticancer agent Halaven® in 8 Asian countries. In this model, co-payment is set at several tiers in accordance with the income level and health insurance availability of the patients, ranging from the full purchase price to provision free of charge. During the four-year period, Halaven® was supplied to approximately 3,200 patients cumulatively via Tiered Pricing.
●Cumulative number of patients contributed to via Halaven® “Tiered pricing”
(Number of patients)
4,000 Contributed to approximately
  3,000 3,200 patients 2,000
  Creating Corporate Value and Solutions to Social Problems through Initiatives for Improving ATM
Input Output Outcome
1,000
0
FY 2014
FY 2015
FY 2016
FY 2017
       Intellectual capital
●Accumulation of knowledge from drug creation activities for many yearsHuman capital
●Employees’ strong motivation to contribute to patients supported by the
hhc philosophyProduction capital
●Utilization of the Vizag Plant in India for low-cost production
 ●Supply of lymphatic filariasis treatment DEC tablets free of charge
●Activities for raising awareness of lymphatic filariasis
●Supply of products based on affordable and tiered pricing strategies
  Human capital
●Improvement in employees’ skills and motivationFinancial capital
●Reduced cost of manufacturing due to increased operation rate at the Vizag Plant
●(Very long-term perspective) Profits created through businesses in developing and emerging countries
   Social and Relationship Capital
●Partnership with WHO or international research institutions
 For the purpose of facilitating the improvement of ATM, Eisai utilizes many different types of capital as input and converts them into many different forms of output (products and services), such as DEC tablets, through business activities. As a result, we pursue the creation of positive outcomes such as the improvement of health, welfare and economic growth by increasing the number of middle-income populations in developing countries and emerging countries. Eisai also seeks
to enhance the value of its corporate brand, improve employees’ skills and motivation, and reduce costs by increasing the operation rate of the Vizag Plant as
Eisai’s Initiatives for Improving ATM Highly Evaluated
The Access to Medicine Foundation, an international nonprofit organization aimed at the improvement of ATM, biennially researches and publishes the Access to Medicine Index. Eisai was ranked 1st among Japanese pharmaceutical
companies and 11th among global major pharmaceutical companies consecutively in
positive internal outcomes. Eisai believes that efforts to improve ATM will increase capital to an extent that is greater than the amount of input, through the creation of added value. Eisai’s initiatives for improving ATM go beyond the framework of CSR activities and aim at creating long-term value. Supplying DEC tablets free of charge will initially be a loss and thus negatively affect profits and ROE in the short term. However, from a very long-term perspective, we estimate that it will boost our NPV (net present value) to a positive level through the creation of the outcomes described above.
2014 and 2016.
In addition, Eisai has been selected for the MSCI
Japan ESG Select Leaders Index as a company with outstanding ESG ratings, and has maintained an AA ranking in the ESG Index for five consecutive years since 2014. In this Index, the area of Access
to Health Care was highlighted as one of Eisai’s strengths. Eisai’s implementation of pricing policies in the pursuit of affordable pricing and its free provision of DEC tablets over a long period of time are well received.
Social and Relationship Capital
●Economic growth in
developing and emerging countries due to improvement of health and welfare, and increase in middle-income class
●Improvement in the value of Eisai’s corporate brand
  Financial capital
●Healthy balance sheet
 39
Eisai Integrated Report 2018