Intellectual Capital
 Global Business Activities Drug Creation Activities
Creating innovation utilizing researchers’ strong sense of mission as well as accumulated experience and knowledge
 Akiko Nakahama (Left)
Kappei Tsukahara (Right)
Senior Group Officer Head of hhc Data Creation Center Head of Tsukuba Research Laboratories
 Corporate Officer Head of Medicine Development Center hhc Data Creation Center
 Strengths
1. Researchers’ strong sense of mission to contribute to patients
2. Accumulation of experience and knowledge in drug creation activities for
dementia (initiated in 1983) and oncology (initiated in 1987), as well as using
natural products (research initiated in 1966)
3. Experience and knowledge of developing drug creation activities globally
4. Global strategic partnerships that enable increased probability of success
and accelerated development with optimization of development and commercialization expenses
 Opportunities
1. Expansion of the market accompanied by world population aging and an increase in the middle-income class
2. Expansion in drug creation opportunities in line with the improvement of scientific and diagnostic technologies
3. Increase in drug creation seeds as a result of strengthened cooperation among industry, government and academia
Q: Given that Eisai continues to develop in-house products one after the other, what do you think are Eisai’s strengths in drug creation activities ?
 A: Tsukahara The biggest strength is our researchers’ sense of mission to fulfill their responsibilities to contribute to patients through the creation of new drugs. Eisai’s researchers
enter the company with substantial empathy for our human health care (hhc) philosophy of giving our first thoughts to patients and their families. All employees receive socialization training in which they spend at least 1% of their working time with patients. They learn the anxieties and frustrations about treatment from patients and apply this to their research activities.
In the development of anticancer agent Lenvima®, for example, we selected compounds by placing importance on the outcome, namely the extent to which the administration of the drug would help prolong a patient’s life, not just the rate of tumor shrinkage. In an experimental animal model, we
evaluated the medicinal effects
of compounds using life
prolongation as an index. This
took a lot of time but we are
confident that we have found the best compounds for patients. Swiftly delivering new drugs to patients requires the development activities to progress
as efficiently and quickly as possible. However, it means nothing if you hurry too much and fail halfway. We capture the essence and never give up. The tenaciousness comes from a sense of mission, which is Eisai’s strength.
Nakahama In the area of dementia, our researchers have an extremely strong sense of mission to create new drugs to contribute to patients. The U.S. FDA has not approved any new drug for the treatment
56
Weaknesses
1. Limited R&D expenditure compared with big pharma companies overseas
 Threats
1. Successful development of epoch- making competitor products
2. Progress on breakthrough medical technologies
Company Introduction Management Strategies
 Value Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
 of dementia since 2003. In that context, great hopes have been placed on Eisai for the creation of new dementia drugs as the company that created Alzheimer’s disease treatment Aricept®. Numerous researchers who have learned the most advanced technologies about dementia in their academic studies join the company. Furthermore, Eisai has over 35 years of experience and knowledge of drug creation activities for dementia. Under this environment, our pipeline in the area of dementia has enhanced. The creation of new dementia drugs is Eisai’s earnest wish and we want to make it come true as early as possible.
Tsukahara Drug creation research on natural products, from which other companies are withdrawing, has been consistently underway
at Eisai since 1966. Natural products include compounds with structures exceeding human knowledge. There are many examples that natural products trigger drug development based on their unique activities. A representative result from natural product research in Eisai is the anticancer agent Halaven®. Halaven® was optimized as a medicine based on halichondrin B found in a marine sponge Halichondria okadai. It is said to be the most complicated structure in the world among industrially produced drugs. The organic synthesis technology and capability to develop drugs from natural products which created Halaven® are Eisai’s core technologies.
For the employees of the R&D division, nothing would be more frustrating than being unable to create a new drug for a long time. After launching Aricept® and proton-pump inhibitor Pariet®, we were unable
to create new drugs for more than 10 years until the launch of Halaven® in 2010. During that time, we unfortunately gave up developing some new drug candidates and became frustrated by being unable to fulfill our responsibilities to contribute to patients. Our researchers used that frustrating experience to make even more strenuous efforts. This led to the successful development and creation of new drugs and the current improvement of our pipeline.
Nakahama Our knowledge from our experience with globally undertaking drug creation activities for many years is another big advantage of Eisai. As Eisai globally conducts all of its discovery research, development research and clinical research, we have seen many successful cases. The most recent one
October 30, 2017
Acceptance of application documents at CFDA (China Food and Drug Administration) reception center
is the New Drug Application (NDA) of Lenvima® for hepatocellular carcinoma in China, which was successfully filed on October 30, 2017. I think this
is a historic case of success in the pharmaceutical industry for two reasons. First, the application used global Phase III study results without conducting a local clinical study in China. Second, the NDA in China was filed nearly simultaneously with those in Japan, the U.S. and Europe (the application in Japan was filed on June 23, 2017, and those in the U.S. and Europe were filed on July 24, 2017).
Obtaining new drug approval for an imported drug in China requires data from more than 100 Chinese patients per arm. In other countries, the regulatory authority’s approval for the commencement of a clinical trial can usually be obtained in one to three months. However, it takes nearly one year in China. This makes it very difficult to enroll a predetermined number of Chinese patients in a global study. Therefore, clinical studies for applications in China
are usually conducted separately from global studies. However, China has nearly half of the global number of hepatocellular carcinoma patients, everyone involved in this project at Eisai gathered their knowledge and tried to obtain data for applications in China from the global PhaseIIIstudy, based on the strong will to deliver Lenvima® to patients in China as soon as possible. As a result, we successfully enrolled 213 of 954 patients in China in the global Phase III study.
On October 10, 2017, the Chinese authorities enacted a change in regulations, which allowed
the NDA of an imported drug to be filed based on
the results of a global study, even without filing an application for the exemption of the Clinical Trial Application (CTA). Eisai capitalized on the change
and became the first manufacturer to achieve an NDA after the change in regulations. Conventionally, an examination period of nearly 16 months is required for an application for CTA exemption, which is expected to be shortened by the change in regulations.
  ●Launch year for main products developed in-house
1997 1999
Aricept®
Pariet ®
Period of frustration lasting 2010 2012 2015 over 10 years
Halaven® Lenvima® Fycompa®
  57
Eisai Integrated Report 2018

From my perspective, the success of the simultaneous applications in Japan, the U.S., Europe and China is attributable to the Eisai employees’ dedicated sense of mission to contribute to patients and to Eisai’s experience and knowledge from global activities in drug creation over many years.
Q: What are Eisai’s weaknesses in its drug creation activities?
What kind of strategy are you developing to overcome these weaknesses?
  A: Nakahama Eisai considers the creation of new drugs to be the most important innovation and aggressively puts 20% or more of its consolidated revenue into R&D. However, we have limited R&D expenditure in comparison with big pharma companies overseas. To overcome this weakness, it is imperative for Eisai to have strategies to enhance the productivity and efficiency of its drug creation activities.
A: Tsukahara First, Eisai is thoroughly selecting and concentrating on priority projects. In April 2016, we started the medium-term business plan ‘EWAY 2025’, in which we chose neurology and oncology
as the strategic areas of focus that have high unmet needs and would allow us to utilize our accumulation of knowledge and know-how. We have concentrated R&D resources in those area intensively. In fiscal 2017, we put 85% of the direct R&D expenditure into these two areas. The business groups for these two areas centralize functions such as discovery/ development, clinical, commercial and strategy/ planning, and are organized so as to ensure that important decisions are made quickly. Chaired by the CEO, the Corporate Milestone Committee is organized and the priority of optimal pipelines is decided on a company-wide basis, which transcends the borders of discipline.
With an aim to enhance the quality of drug creation
●Direct R&D expenditure by area (fiscal 2017 results)
activities, the Eisai Scientific Advisory Board (ESAB), consisting of world-renowned scientific advisors,
has played a large role in selecting priority projects since 2007. ESAB meetings are held regularly and attended by the CEO and members of the leadership concerned with drug creation. This enables ongoing discussions regarding subjects such as project reviews or the validity of research plans, backed up by the very latest scientific insight.
Nakahama The second strategy to overcome weaknesses is utilizing the partnership model. Joint development with partners who have diverse experience and know-how is a very effective way
to increase the probability of success of new drug development and accelerate it. Also, partnerships greatly contribute to the dispersion of risk in R&D and investment efficiency. In the consolidated income statement for fiscal 2017, our R&D expenditure is 139.6 billion yen (ratio to revenue: 23.3%), which does not include 18.9 billion yen, the amount
of partners’ share of costs. R&D expenditure inclusive of partners’ share of costs is 158.5 billion yen (ratio to revenue: 26.4%). The utilization of partnerships has streamlined our R&D expenditure, which can now be invested in candidates for next- generation flagship drug candidates. Under these conditions we can greatly expect a virtuous cycle for the creation of innovation.
●Annual amount of partners’ share of costs in R&D expenditure (billion yen)
  15% 40%
■ Neurology ■ Oncology ■ Other
 46%
18.8 18.9
FY2016 FY2017
   58
Next few years

Company Introduction Management Strategies
 Value Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG) Appendix
 Q: How will you train and develop researchers?
A: Tsukahara In addition to the “Socialization with Patients” Program, our laboratories in the world organize research meetings annually to stimulate the exchange of knowledge among researchers. The Tsukuba Research Laboratories has an annual meeting where nearly 100 presentations are made. Participants include researchers from around the world who are not from the Tsukuba Research Laboratories. This leads
to the extensive exchange of knowledge and human resources.
In Japan, discovery researchers are allowed to set up the project to create drugs within a few years after entering Eisai and can subsequently proceed the project as leaders. As a project advances
in stage, researchers covering pharmacokinetics, analytical research and many other fields join the project. A leader develops his/her capability including
leadership, decision making and coordination through advancing the project while managing the members. Researchers covering a field other than discovery also participate in the projects when they are still new, representing the specialized field respectively. In this way they develop their skills and experience.
We also encourage the exchange of human resources with an aim to allow researchers to leverage their experience and skills and work actively from a wide perspective. For example, it is not unusual that discovery researchers are transferred to a clinical development organization or a medical division. Some return to the discovery research organizations and apply their experience in the clinical development or medical divisions, creating diverse career paths.
 Q: What are your thoughts on opportunities and threats in drug creation activities?
 A: Tsukahara In addition to the aging of the world’s population, the middle-income class is expected
to grow in emerging countries and developing countries. This will lead to the continued expansion of the pharmaceutical market. Also, we will have more drug creation opportunities by stimulating improvements of scientific and diagnostic technologies and collaboration with domestic and international venture companies, academia, and public agencies including the Japan Agency for Medical Research and Development (AMED).
One threat is the successful development of epoch- making competitor products in respective areas.
In the last few years, immune checkpoint inhibitors were launched in the oncology field and an innovative new drug against hepatitis C was launched in the
liver disease field. These epoch-making products could change the current treatment algorithm in a way that was unimaginable just a few years ago. Threats are not limited to new drugs. Advances in regenerative medicine, gene therapy and innovative
medical technologies brought about by the development of artificial intelligence (AI), the Internet
of Things (IoT) and other digital technologies can also pose threats. Changing these threats to opportunities requires us to foresee the healthcare environment years later and develop drug creation projects by having the future on our side. Therefore, we try to develop human resources that will become capable of identifying new business opportunities.
  Selection and Concentration and the Utilization of Partnerships to Facilitate the Pursuit of Productivity and Efficiency in our R&D
According to a study* published by Tufts University
in the U.S., the total cost required to globally develop
a single drug was estimated at around $2.6 billion (approximately ¥290 billion) during the period from
2000 to 2010 and has increased at a phenomenal
rate over the last decade. This is further proof that
developing pharmaceuticals is becoming increasingly
difficult every year. 40
Eisai puts creation of new drugs right at the heart
of innovation and actively invests around 20% of 30 consolidated revenue into R&D. Since fiscal 2009, Eisai
has been selecting and focusing on priority projects
and making the most of proactive partnerships to
improve R&D productivity and efficiency, preventing 10 a rise in R&D expenditure per approval. Amid
accelerating development of next-generation flagship 0
drugs, our spending has started to increase gradually since fiscal 2015.
*Journal of Health Economics 47 (2016) 20-33
●R&D expenditure per approval in Eisai
(Moving average for five years, including indication expansions, additional formulations, etc.)
Unit (Billions of yen)
    20
 36
2009 2010
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
2017 (FY)
26
20 18 17 16 18
21
23
   59
Eisai Integrated Report 2018

  Examples of the Development of New Technologies and Utilization of AI at Eisai
AI-based, ultrahigh-speed 3D image analysis system using technology for making tissues transparent
The utilization of AI technologies is a large matter
of interest for the pharmaceutical industry. Eisai is proactively committed to the application of AI for the creation of drugs. For example, we cooperated with the University of Tokyo and other institutions on a notation project. We are developing technology to analyze states of diseases and effects of dosing by gaining support from AMED and combining the image technology of Big Data Analytics and Deep Learning, at which AI excels, with other technologies for making tissue specimens transparent.
Essentially, tissues in the human body are opaque. However, methods for making tissues transparent are being developed through the minimization of
differences in the refraction indexes of different substances in the tissue. Automatically photographing transparent tissues on a three-dimensional basis and performing AI-based analysis of that large amount
of image data would make it possible to identify changes that are difficult to see by the human eye with a high-speed and energy-saving image diagnosis. These technologies are expected to contribute to
the elucidation of the microenvironment of the brain and tumor, on which we are focusing, as well as application to the evaluation of drug effects and streamlining of pathological examination in safety studies, among others.
 Example of tissues made transparent
Tissues in a mouse’s colon
Normal tissue Abnormal site
The images show the large-intestinal mucosa in a cross-sectional manner. The cell nuclei are indicated in blue and the vascular endothelium is indicated in red. The orderly structure (sequence of mucosal epithelial cells), which is usually observed in normal tissues, is disordered at the abnormal site, demonstrating the occurrence of abnormal proliferation.
    Ethical and Transparent Drug Creation Activities
Eisai carries out pharmaceutical R&D while maintaining a high sense of ethics based on the hhc corporate philosophy, complying with the spirit of the Declaration of Helsinki, various regulations in each country, international standards including ICH-GCP (standards for undertaking clinical trials of drugs), as well as with all relevant regulations, standards and human rights.
*For detailed information, please access the following page on our website. ▶ https://www.eisai.com/company/business/research/discovery/index.html
  Protection and Reinforcement of Intellectual Property
The legal protection and effective utilization of products and technologies we develop are essential for
the sustained growth and advancement of Eisai, and for Eisai to continue to provide a stable supply of pharmaceuticals to patients. Therefore, we pursue a number of strategic intellectual property activities and strategies related to our product portfolio and product creation operations.
*For detailed information, please access the following page on our website. ▶ https://www.eisai.com/company/business/research/ip/index.html *For the number of patent applications, please refer to the ESG Index on page 90.
 60
 
 Manufactured Capital
Global Business Activities Production Activities
Stable supply of products ensured through collaboration between in-house plants at 10 sites
     Strengths
1. Owns plants at 10 sites in major regions worldwide
2. Track record of supplying Eisai’s products to more than 70 countries
3. Develops product improvement activities to contribute to patients on a global
scale under the hhc philosophy
  Opportunities
1. Increase in the supply volume of products and the number of regions through strategic collaboration with partners
2. Increase in the number of new products that require advanced manufacturing technological capabilities
Global activities through collaboration among 10 sites
Eisai owns plants at 10 sites in major regions worldwide, including Japan, the U.S., China, Europe, and India, and has established a system in which products are swiftly and constantly supplied to each market through highly cooperative partnerships. Fulfilling a complex logistics function, each plant leverages its strengths and is operated as part of an integrated system on a global scale, supplying Eisai’s products to more than 70 countries worldwide. In addition, by having an in-house manufacturing function, cooperation is strong with related organizations in the value chain, such as R&D and marketing, and the ability to address the actualization of patient needs in line with demand in each market is a unique strength of Eisai.
On the other hand, regarding manufacturing capability of antibody drugs that have attracted attention in recent years, Eisai has only the capability to manufacture drug substances, and thus has to depend on an outsourcing contractor.
●List of the functions of each plant and major manufactured items ○
Japan
China
Expansion of opportunities with strategic partnerships
Eisai has effectively advanced strategic partnerships with other companies, and year after year has increased its supply volume as well as the number of regions where it supplies its products as a result of the emergence of products that Eisai is contracted to produce as well as through the expansion of revenue channels due to joint marketing. In addition, because of the increase in new products developed in- house by Eisai that require complex synthesis technology, there are many cases in which there is
a focus on the importance of originality and ingenuity in commercial manufacturing. On the whole, there
is a rising trend toward a renewed focus on the manufacturing function in order to smoothly operate business as a pharmaceutical company.
However, regarding long-listed drugs with low profitability and declining revenue, raw material manufacturers continue to withdraw from the market and there is concern that stable supply will be difficult. This issue is shared among research-driven companies and Eisai continues to explore options for the future.
   Plant
Country
APIs
Formulation
Packaging
Major manufactured items
       Kashima
 Kawashima
 Fukushima (EA Pharma)
 Suzhou
 Benxi
 Bogor
 Vizag
 Hatfield
 Baltimore
 Exton
     ○*1 India ○
U.K.
U.S.
○
○
○ ○ ○ ○
○
○
○
○ ○ ○ ○ ○
○
Halaven®, Lenvima®, Fycompa®
Lenvima®, Fycompa®
Elental®
Methycobal®
Transfer factor
Pariet®
Warfarin®, diethylcarbamazine
Halaven®, Lenvima®, Fycompa®
Gliadel®
(Only products under development)
  *1 Only herbal medicine
*2 Only wafers
*3 Only culture
61
Indonesia
   ○*3
○*2
Weaknesses
1. Lack of an in-house production facility for antibody drugs
 Threats
1. Concern about raw material procurement for long-listed drugs with declining revenue
  Eisai Integrated Report 2018
  
 Human Capital
Global Business Activities Marketing Activities
Leveraging experience and knowledge accumulated over many years as well as partnerships, Eisai develops its marketing activities globally to promptly maximize its contributions to patients
      Strengths
1. Accumulation and sharing of experience and knowledge from global marketing activities
2. Leveraging partnerships that enable the prompt expansion of contributions to patients
3. Presence of multiple products developed in-house
      Opportunities
1. Expansion of the market in emerging and developing countries accompanying economic growth and aging
   2016 Global Ranking of Pharmaceutical Sales of Manufacturers: Ranked 31st ( 5th among Japanese pharmaceutical companies)
* Source: NEW Pharma Future No.7 June to July 2017
Strength No. 1 : Accumulation and sharing of experience and knowledge from global marketing activities
          Eisai’s greatest strength in marketing activities is the accumulation and sharing of experience and knowledge from its global marketing activities over many years.
 Eisai’s history of overseas operation dates back to
the foundation of a local affiliate company in Southeast Asia in the late 1960s. From the 1990s to the early 2010s, Eisai established pharmaceutical subsidiaries in major countries worldwide, including the U.S., Europe and China, in line with the expansion of Alzheimer's disease treatment Aricept® and proton-pump inhibitor Pariet®. The basic structure of Eisai’s marketing activities is independent marketing or co-promotion with potent partners, placing emphasis on booking its own revenue. Eisai has never commissioned all of the marketing activities for in-house developed products
to other companies in major countries. As the system and commercial practices related to pharmaceuticals vary by country, global marketing activities that the company develops on its own are always associated with difficulty. However, Eisai considers that it is important to overcome any difficulty and accumulate
●Revenue trend of Aricept® in China/Asia
experience and knowledge to leverage for future growth. This is how Eisai has built a solid business foundation in Japan, the U.S., Europe, China and Asia.
 The accumulated experience and knowledge of
Eisai are shared on a global scale beyond the regional framework. For example, the experience and knowledge on disease awareness campaigns accumulated
through the launch of Aricept® is shared globally. After
the expiration of exclusivity for Aricept®, revenue
has declined in Japan, the U.S. and Europe, but double-digit growth has been achieved in China
and Asia in fiscal 2017 by enhancing disease awareness campaigns utilizing shared experience and knowledge. In addition, the marketing method for peripheral neuropathy treatment Methycobal® which was launched in the 1970s in Japan, has been succeeded
in China. As a result, Methycobal ® is the best-selling product, accounting for 33% of revenue for the China pharmaceutical business. Eisai believes this success story was achieved through the sharing of experience and knowledge from its own global marketing activities.
             (Billion yen)
20
15
10
6.9 1.3
5.7 5.6 5.9
●Revenue trend of Methycobal® in China (Billion yen)
China Asia
18.7 20 7.5 15
17.3 13.8
18.7 18.0
18.8
Weaknesses
1. Halfway through the growth of new in-house products to replace Aricept® and Pariet®
 Threats
1. Increasing pressure to lower drug prices as governments promote policies to reduce healthcare costs
2. Market entry of breakthrough competing products
       12.0
14.1 4.7
15.5 5.6
15.9 6.2
 10 58.1 5
    7.2 1.6
6.0 7.5
8.1 3.8 2.2
9.0
0 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (FY)
0
2010 2011
2012 2013
2014 2015 2016
2017 (FY)
9.4
10.0
9.8
11.2
    62
 
Company Introduction Management StrategiesValue Creation Activities
Business Base (ESG) AppendixStrength No. 2 : Leveraging partnerships that enable prompt expansion of contributions to patients
 As there are many patients in the world longing for treatment for their conditions, contributions to patients need to be expanded promptly following the launch
of a new drug. In addition, it is important to quickly maximize contributions to patients from a business perspective since there is an expiration of the patent term covering a drug. Eisai’s independent marketing is an effective method to accumulate a lot of experience and knowledge, but it sometimes takes time to expand contributions to patients. Therefore, Eisai considers co-promotion with potent partners to be a highly effective method to expand contributions to patients.
In March 2018, Eisai and Merck
& Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A.
(“U.S. Merck”) reached a strategic
collaboration agreement in the field
of oncology for Lenvima®, an anti-
cancer agent developed by Eisai. Based on this agreement, the companies are jointly developing
and commercializing Lenvima® as monotherapy and in combination with anti-PD-1 antibody Keytruda® (generic name: pembrolizumab) developed by U.S. Merck. With this collaboration, the contribution to patients through Lenvima® can be promptly maximized in multiple cancer types, and revenue will significantly exceed an Eisai sole development/promotion case.
In neurology area, Eisai is
collaborating with Biogen Inc.
on the joint development and
marketing of next-generation
Alzheimer’s disease treatments. A number of preparations are required in the medical environment and social environment in order to smoothly launch and deliver next-generation Alzheimer’s disease treatments, which are currently under development. Eisai considers collaboration with Biogen Inc. is significant for preparation of these environments.
          Strength No. 3 : Presence of multiple products developed in-house
 Eisai’s three growth drivers, anticancer agents Lenvima® and Halaven®, and antiepileptic agent Fycompa®, are developed in-house. The products successfully developed by the employees of Eisai’s R&D division after overcoming many challenges
●Revenue trend of three products developed in-house (Billion yen)
 150
  are marketed passionately by the employees in the
marketing division. In addition, as these products
do not require payment such as royalties, the profit 100 ratio of the products developed in-house by Eisai
is higher than those of in-license products, thereby contributing considerably to performance.
In the 2000s, Aricept® and Pariet®, both developed in-house, supported Eisai’s growth. Cultivating new 50
Lenvima® Halaven® Fycompa®
123.0
86.8
69.1 32.2
59.2 21.5 11.5
 58.543.0
(eribulin mesylate) Injection
®     in-house products to replace Aricept and Pariet has become Eisai’s key issue.
Through joint development and commercialization of Lenvima® with U.S. Merck, revenue for Lenvima® is expected to greatly exceed a sole promotion case, with the potential to exceed the peak sales of Aricept® (322.8 billion yen in fiscal 2009). In addition, Eisai estimates that the potential of next-generation Alzheimer’s disease treatments under development, including BACE inhibitor elenbecestat (in-house) are very likely to exceed the peak revenue of Aricept®,
2.2
16.0
31.1 0.4
23.2
22.6 28.9 35.3
0.5 2.2 4.3
37.3
7.6 10.3 14.7 21.5
®® 40.0
0
FY2010 FY2011 FY2012 FY2013 FY2014 FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 results results results results results results results results forecast
  In emerging and developing countries, expansion of
the pharmaceutical market is expected to continue accompanying economic growth and aging. On the other hand, pressure to lower drug prices is currently mounting in line with the promotion of policies to reduce expenditure on drugs in many countries including Japan. In addition, market entry of breakthrough competing products may result in reduced revenue of Eisai’s
products.
Opportunities and threats vary among markets,
and identifying them is important. Eisai utilizes its accumulated experience and knowledge as well as partnerships to accurately identify opportunities and threats in each market, and develops its marketing activities on a global scale in order to promptly maximize contributions to patients in each country.
63
Eisai Integrated Report 2018