Social and Relationship Capital
Partnerships
Aiming to Improve Business Efficiency and Productivity by Leveraging Partnerships
 Eisai believes that partnerships are an extremely effective means of improving business efficiency and productivity. While we engage in a diverse array of collaboration models, such partnerships can be broadly divided into “Partnerships aimed at creating innovation in therapeutic areas of focus”, “Partnerships aimed at building new business models” and “Partnerships aimed at expanding access to medicines.” Eisai will continue to make effective use of partnerships to promptly maximize contributions to patients.
* Details of the agreements below are as of the end of July 2018.
Partnerships aimed at creating innovation in therapeutic areas of focusNeurology Area
Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (U.S.) Corporation
Change of licensing agreement for exclusive commercialization of the anti-obesity agent lorcaserin hydrochloride (generic name, name in the U.S. : BELVIQ®) that was originally concluded in November 2013. Based on the change in the agreement, Eisai acquired all development and marketing rights for BELVIQ® from Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
BIAL-Portela & Ca, S.A. (Portugal) Corporation License for marketing and co-promotion of the antiepileptic
agent Zebinix® in Europe
BioArctic AB (Sweden) Corporation
Exclusive license agreement for worldwide research and development, manufacturing and sales of the anti-beta amyloid (Aβ) protofibril antibody BAN2401 for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease
Biogen Inc. (U.S.) Corporation
1. Joint development/joint sales promotion related to BACE (beta-site amyloid precursor protein-cleaving enzyme) inhibitor elenbecestat, anti-Aβ protofibril antibody BAN2401 and anti-Aβ antibody aducanumab
2. Acquisition of option rights related to joint development/joint sales promotion of the anti-tau antibody (BIIB076) under development by Biogen Inc.
3. Co-promotion of Biogen’s multiple sclerosis treatments, Avonex®, Tysabri®, and Tecfidera® in Japan to accounts that Biogen Inc. currently does not call upon, and also distribution and booking sales for three products above and Plegridy® in Asia (excluding China).
JCR Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (Japan) Corporation
Agreement for collaborative research using JCR’s blood- brain-barrier (BBB) penetration technology J-Brain Cargo® to the discovery of new treatments
Johns Hopkins University (U.S.) Academia Collaboration agreement for neurological drug discovery
research
Keio University (Japan) Academia Implementation of new joint research for the discovery and
development of new drugs targeting dementia
Meiji Seika Pharma Co., Ltd. (Japan) Corporation
License agreement for the commercialization of safinamide in Japan and Asia, currently under clinical development in Japan for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease
Novartis AG (Switzerland) Corporation License agreement for worldwide development, manufacturing
and sales of the antiepileptic agent Inovelon®/Banzel®
Orion Corporation (Finland) Corporation
1. Comprehensive marketing agreement concerning Parkinson’s disease treatment Eldepryl® in China
2. Marketing and distribution agreement concerning Parkinson’s disease treatments Comtan® and Stalevo® in China
Pfizer Inc. (U.S.) Corporation Co-promotion of the pain treatment Lyrica® in Japan
Purdue Pharma L.P. (U.S.) Corporation Agreement for global co-development and co-promotion of
the dual orexin receptor antagonist lemborexant
Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co., Ltd. (Japan) Corporation License agreement for manufacturing and sales of the
antiepileptic agent Zonegran® in Europe and Asia
Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (U.S.) Corporation Exclusive license for the development and marketing of the
anti-insomnia agent Lunesta® in Japan
Sysmex Corporation (Japan) Corporation Comprehensive non-exclusive collaboration agreement for
creating new diagnostics in the dementia area
University College London (UCL) (U.K.) Academia Agreement to form major drug discovery alliance to develop         new therapeutics for neurological diseases
Oncology Area
Epizyme, Inc. (U.S.)
Corporation Partnership in development and commercialization of the anticancer therapies targeting EZH2, including E7438 within Japan, as well as regarding the right of first negotiation for licensing rights in Asia
Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. (U.S.) Corporation
Collaboration agreement for evaluating Halaven® in first-line HER2-negative advanced breast cancer in combination with Halozyme’s investigational new drug PEGPH20, a PEGylated recombinant human hyaluronidase
HUYA Bioscience International, LLC (U.S.) Corporation
Acquisition of exclusive license to develop and market the oral histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitor HBI-8000 in Japan, South Korea, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines, Vietnam and Singapore
Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. (U.S.) Corporation
Agreement for joint development and commercialization of Eisai’s tyrosine kinase inhibitor, Lenvima®, as monotherapy and in combination with Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A.’s KEYTRUDA® for multiple cancer types
Orion Corporation (Finland) Corporation Comprehensive marketing agreement concerning Orion’s
breast cancer drug Fareston® in China
PRISM Pharma Co., Ltd. (Japan) Corporation Joint research and development concerning CBP/β-catenin
inhibitor E7386 and others
SymBio Pharmaceuticals Limited (Japan) Corporation
1. Exclusive license on joint development and marketing of the anticancer agent Treakisym®/Symbenda® in Japan
2. Exclusive development and marketing licenses in Singapore and South Korea
             78
Company Introduction Management Strategies Value Creation ActivitiesBusiness Base (ESG)
AppendixOther Areas (gastrointestinal disease, and others)
AbbVie Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG (Germany) Corporation
Development, sales and co-promotion of the fully human anti- TNF-α monoclonal antibody Humira® in Japan, Taiwan and South Korea (EA Pharma Co., Ltd and AbbVie GK undertake co-promotion for indications in the area of gastrointestinal disease (ulcerative colitis, Crohn’s disease and intestinal Behçet’s disease))
Ajinomoto Co., Inc. (Japan) Corporation
Agreement for integrating (absorption type split) Eisai’s gastrointestinal disease treatment business with Ajinomoto Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (Establishment of EA Pharma Co., Ltd.)
Agreement of Sato Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and Eisai
to co-promote new oral antifungal agent (product name: NAILIN® Capsules 100mg) containing the active ingredient fosravuconazole L-lysine ethanolate which was discovered by Eisai, in Japan
Agreement to take over the marketing authorization and marketing activities for anti-rheumatic agent KOLBET® Tablets 25mg in Japan
University of Tsukuba (Japan) Academia
Agreement for industry-academia joint research for the development of new drugs for inflammatory bowel disease that use biomarkers
Strategic alliance agreements including incremental transfer
of all shares of Elmed Eisai Co., Ltd., co-operation in building Eisai’s Ecosystem, as well as collaboration on the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) business promoted primarily at Eisai’s Vizag Plant in India
Participation in global partnership aimed at developing new drugs for filariasis (especially river blindness)
Agreement for joint research for the development of new antimalarial drugs
Sabin Vaccine Institute (U.S.) Research Institute
Agreement for joint research for development of new vaccines for Chagas’ disease
TB Alliance (U.S.) Not-for-profit R&D organization Alliance to find faster-acting and affordable drug regimens to
fight tuberculosis
Tuberculosis Drug Accelerator (TBDA) Global Partnership Participation in global partnership aimed at creating innovative
new drugs for tuberculosis
University of Kentucky (U.S.) Academia Agreement for joint research aimed at developing new
antimalarial agent
World Health Organization (WHO) (Switzerland) UN Agency
Agreement for providing free of charge DEC (diethylcarbamazine) tablets, a treatment for lymphatic filariasis, and participation in partnership for providing lymphatic filariasis diagnostic kits free of charge to endemic areas
Participation in consortium sponsored by WIPO for promoting the development of new drugs for tropical diseasesSato Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.,
Seren Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Japan) Corporation
  Toyama Chemical Co., Ltd.,
Taisho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.(Japan) Corporation
  Almirall, S.A. (Spain)
Corporation
  License agreement concerning the development, manufacturing and marketing of the gastrointestinal prokinetic agent Cidine® in China
Minophagen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Japan) Corporation
Exclusive rights for the development and marketing of liver disease/allergic disease agents Stronger Neo-Minophagen
C® and Glycyron® Tablets in Euro-Asian countries where the products have not yet been sold, as well as exclusive first negotiation rights for exclusive marketing rights in China and other Euro-Asian countries where the products are already sold
Exclusive licensing agreement to seek regulatory approvals and commercialize the anticancer agents Halaven® and Lenvima®, as well as antiepileptic agents Fycompa® and Inovelon® in Latin America
Participation in a multi-stakeholder global partnership to advance access to non-communicable diseases (NCDs) prevention, treatment and care in low and lower-middle income countries
Broad Institute (U.S.) Research Institute
Joint research aimed at the development of new treatments for Chagas disease, malaria and tuberculosis, and development of new antimalarial medicine based on the drug targets that the joint research team identified in 2016
Joint research agreement to develop a potential new treatment for tuberculosis with the compound identified from Broad Institute’s chemical library
1. Collaboration and licensing agreement for new drug development for Chagas’ disease and eumycetoma
2. Participation in the Drug Discovery Booster Consortium formed by DNDi with the aim of accelerating the development of new drugs for leishmaniasis and Chagas disease
Fundacao Oswaldo Cruz (Fiocruz) (Brazil) Research Institute Agreement for joint research and development of compounds
developed by Eisai for the treatment of malaria and NTDs
Participation in public-private partnership aimed at bringing Japanese innovation to accelerate development of new medicines to cure infectious diseases in the developing world
1. Agreement for joint research for creating Wolbachia inhibitors (new antifilarial agents)
2. Agreement for joint research for developing antimalarial drugs
  Partnerships aimed at building new business models
  Grupo Biotoscana (Uruguay) Corporation
 Partnerships aimed at expanding access to medicinesAccess Accelerated Global Partnership
Nichi-Iko Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Japan) Corporation
  Macrofilaricide Drug Accelerator Global Partnership
    Colorado State University,
University of Chicago (U.S.) Academia
Medicines for Malaria Venture
(MMV) (Switzerland) Non-Profit Public-Private Partnership
    Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative
(DNDi) (Switzerland) Not-for-profit R&D organization
    Global Health Innovative Technology Fund
(GHIT Fund) (Japan) Non-Profit Public-Private Partnership
79
Eisai Integrated Report 2018