 An example of our initiatives for SDGs
Remember I Love You: a project to improve understanding of dementia in China
In China, population aging is accelerating rapidly. Although China will be the world’s largest ageing country in the 2030s, when those aged 60 years and older are expected to account for 30% or more of its total population, there is still a lack of understanding of dementia in society. It is estimated that only 21% of patients with dementia underwent a medical examination and only 19.6% of those patients received proper treatment*.
*Source: Chinese Journal of Neurology, Volume 46, Issue 1
Eisai China has been working on a variety of initiatives to raise awareness of dementia and improve
consultation rate. These activities as collectively named “Remember I Love You.”
Educational activities via social media - Yellow Wristband-
As a part of this project, Eisai China has entered into a partnership with the China Population Welfare Foundation, and launched an official account called Yellow Wristband on WeChat, China’s largest social media platform. As yellow wristband is known as a symbol of dementia in China, it was chosen as the account name.
       The official Yellow Wristband account is regularly updated with articles on
dementia and related disorders, videos on the symptoms of dementia and
know-how on caregiving. It also provides information about simple diagnostic
tools and a list of the outpatient centers for dementia across China. About
59,000 people have registered with the Yellow Wristband (as of May 2018). Eisai continues to enhance and provide easy-to-understand and useful information, and expand our disease awareness activities to more people.
Disease awareness activities for dementia in a broad-ranging approach
In addition to social media, Eisai has conducted various disease awareness activities regarding dementia through “socialization” with elderly people as well as discussions with doctors and caregivers to understand the needs of the people directly involved. For example, Eisai China has established dementia booths in parks and facilities in communities, held a media seminar with a medical expert on dementia in China and posted a special feature regarding dementia in newspapers and magazines. Through hhc activities, academic exchange meetings and cooperation with nursing care facilities, Eisai China is striving to promote a proper understanding of dementia, and working to build a society where patients with dementia and elderly people can live peacefully.