Air Water Group’s Businesses
Industrial Gas Business  The Industrial Gas Business delivers a stable supply of industrial gases, such as oxygen, nitrogen, argon, and carbon dioxide, by the optimum supply method, ranging from supply using cylinders or tank trucks to on-site supply. The Industrial Gas Business also offers gas applications, as well as industrial gas equipment and engineering services, by making effective use of technologies developed in-house.
23.4 %
Industrial Gas 189 billion yen
Revenue
809.1 billion yen
38.0 %
Industrial Gas 19.2 billion yen
     Operating profit
50.6 billion yen
 FY2019 (IFRS)
 Review of FY2019
Revenue in this segment stood at 188.965 billion yen, which marked an 8.5% increase over the previous term, while operating profit was 19.246 billion yen, a 15.1% increase over the previous term.
On-site gas supply for steelmakers increased due to the operation of new blast furnaces among our major clients, but a decrease in production of crude steel from the second half of the fiscal year meant that sales volumes were sluggish, and so figures were marginally lower than last year. Gas supply for electronics manufacturers was solid thanks to increased sales volumes. Driven by new data centers and increased demand related to new 5G data standards, this rise was due to gradual increases in operational efficiency among our major clients, who sought to enhance production capacity through capital investments. In our tank truck and cylinder supply business, we worked to expand our share of the market based on increased roll out of high-efficiency, compact liquefied oxygen/nitrogen production plants (VSUs), as well as new filling stations and enhanced collaboration with influential local gas dealers. We also sought to revise our trade terms due to rising logistics costs. Supply of carbon dioxide and dry ice progressed well thanks to efforts to ensure stable supplies. Globally, the industrial gas
business we acquired in India last fiscal year saw solid growth thanks to vigorous local production of crude steel.
In equipment and construction, sales of related equipment grew due to increased gas supply for electronics manufacturers, while the consolidation of Nichinetsu Holdings, which we acquired last fiscal year, into accounts led to steady growth.
Outlook for FY2020
In Japan, we expect a decrease in gas sales volumes in our on-site gas supply for steelmakers due to suspension of blast furnace operations among our major clients. However, with the roll out of 5G networks, an increase in remote work, and other digital transformations, we forecast increased demand from electronics manufacturers, driven by the gradual response to expansion and enhancement work by semiconductor manufacturers. In equipment and construction, meanwhile, we anticipate solid sales of high-precision heating and cooling components for semiconductor manufacturers, and for electronics manufacturers, equipment to supply special materials.
Globally, although demand for industrial gas temporarily dropped in the first quarter in India due to the nationwide lockdown, our major business— on-site gas supply for steelmakers—which we acquired in fiscal 2019, recovered in the second quarter. In the tank truck and cylinder supply business, recovery in demand from construction and automotive sectors, as well as increasing demand for medical oxygen, is expected to lead to steady growth. In Vietnam, we will move forward with the expansion of Air Water Vietnam, which we consolidated this fiscal year.
 ■Revenue (million yen)
200,000 150,000 20,000 10,000 0
■Operating profit 174,147
16,721
2018
*IFRS
188,965
19,246
     27 AIR WATER REPORT 2020
2019
(FY)
 Relevant SDGs
           Transformation of our business portfolio —enhancing our earning power in Japan, and seeking expansion and growth through electronics and global business
Yoshio Shiomi President, Industrial Company
          In our global business, we will expand our presence in India mainly through the industrial gas business we acquired in 2019. At Air Water Vietnam, a company we consolidated this fiscal year, we will work to reinforce existing businesses and seek further business expansion.
In electronics, where we expect significant growth, we will seek to expand the scale of our business pinned on large-scale gas supply to world-class manufacturers, as well as the provision of various other products including special chemicals and related equipment.
In our domestic gas business, we will work to rebuild our earnings base and deep-mine the market by reinforcing two key elements: making power and selling power. The former entails the creation of VSUs, filling stations, and other gas supply infrastructure, and the latter involves increased sales of
Major Measures in FY2020
01. Building foundations for our global business
• Establishing business foundations in India and acquiring new orders
• Reinforcing engineering business mainly through roll out of small to large cryogenic air separation units
02. Responding to increased capital investment by clients in electronics
• Catering to demand from clients expanding facilities for 5G networks, new data centers, and mobile devices
• Enhancing supply of gases and special chemicals, and increasing presence in related equipment and other related fields
03. Deep mining the domestic industrial gas market
• Reinforcing cost competitiveness through optimal positioning of production, storage, and logistics hubs • Expanding infrastructure such as VSUs and filling stations, and reinforcing sales
Business Facts
■ Increasing demand for industrial gas and related equipment due to growth in semiconductor and other electronics markets
■ Slump and recovery in domestic manufacturing industries, mainly automotive and steel production, due to the effects of COVID-19
■ Growing manufacturing industries in India, mainly automotive and steel production
■ Increasing demand for stable supply systems and business continuity planning due to frequent typhoons, earthquakes, and other natural disasters
A VSU in Sagae, Yamagata Prefecture, that began operation in June 2020
The industrial gas business in India we acquired in July 2019 (on-site supply for the Jamshedpur steelmaking plant)
industrial gas and equipment, improved product value, and new business creation. With regards to our production, storage, and logistics hubs, we will expand and reinforce our network to cover the whole of Japan, and through optimal positioning of these hubs, reduce delivery distances and streamline logistics operations. At the same time, we will integrate management of production technology, quality, personnel, and logistics—which were previously controlled by individual business divisions—to reduce energy use, lower CO2 emissions, cut costs, ensure business continuity, and engage in other efforts to contribute to the SDGs.
The Industrial Gas Business is a shared platform for our customers, markets, and communities, and we will move forward with the transformation of our business portfolio as we aim for further growth.
   AIR WATER REPORT 2020 28