Air Water Group’s Businesses
Chemical Business
 From electronic materials and pharmaceutical and agricultural chemical intermediates, to quinone-based products (produced by Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals) and phthalic anhydride, we produce and offer a stable supply of various high-value-added chemical products. Further, in 2019, we acquired Daito Chemical, a leading manufacturer of sodium acetate, and FILWEL, a manufacturer of precision polishing pads.
3.4%
Chemical 27.5 billion yen
Revenue
809.1 billion yen
2.6%
Chemical 1.3 billion yen
      Operating profit
50.6 billion yen
FY2019 (IFRS)
 Review of FY2019
Revenue in this segment stood at 27.479 billion yen, for a 19.9% increase over the previous term, and operating profit increased 145% over the previous term to 1.338 billion yen.
In addition to continued suspension of operations at our Chinese production plants due to environmental regulations across the whole of the Jiangsu industrial zone, sales of high-performance circuit products for machine tools decreased due to a drop in capital investments caused by US-China trade frictions. As a result, our functional chemicals business was negatively impacted. On the other hand, sales of electronic materials continued to increase thanks to new applications in displays, while initiatives to streamline production and reassessment of unprofitable products led to improved profitability, and the business as a whole achieved solid growth.
Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals, meanwhile, saw a decline in sales of naphthoquinone, their main product, due to suspension of operations at their clients’ plants. This together with a drop in the selling price of phthalic anhydride caused by a weakening market meant that their final results fell short of last fiscal year’s.
Results in the Chemical Business as a whole benefited greatly from the consolidation of Daito Chemical, a leading domestic manufacturer of sodium acetate, and FILWEL, a manufacturer of precision polishing pads and artificial leather. A gain on bargain purchase of 2.051 billion yen was included in the business’ results due to the acquisition of Daito Chemical. Meanwhile, Chinese authorities called for the closure of our Chinese production plants. In light of uncertainties surrounding their restart, the acquisition of Daito Chemical meant that we could transfer their functions to the company’s plant in Japan. We therefore determined to withdraw from business in China, and thus recorded a 1.277 billion yen loss with the liquidation of that business.
Outlook for FY2020
Due to the increase of remote work and the spread of 5G and IoT technologies, demand is expected to increase for electronics products, such as semiconductor memory for data centers. We will therefore work to enhance sales of electronic materials used in semiconductor substrates and displays.
As a chemical group, we will strive to generate synergy between the production sites of Daito Chemical and Sun Chemical, and optimize production systems across the business.
Regarding investments, we are working in stages to expand our production facilities for naphthoquinone, which is growing in popularity as a photosensitizer, succinic acid, which is used in the production of biodegradable plastics, and sodium acetate, which is used both as a food preservative and in dialysis.
In development, seizing the rapid digitalization of society as an opportunity, we are working to develop new applications and products using electronic materials such as low dielectric polymide resins and naphthoquinone.
 ■Revenue ■Operating profit (million yen)
*IFRS
30,000
20,000
2,000
0
27,479
1,338
546
2018 2019
  22,917
 29 AIR WATER REPORT 2020
(FY)
 Relevant SDGs
                    Furthering structural reform and transforming the electronic materials business into a growth driver
Kazuya Mizuno President, Chemical Company
heightened demand for electronic materials.
Further, for organic acids and other general-purpose chemicals, we are
aiming at further structural reform. Specifically, we will ensure our business structure is compatible with smart society and the SDGs, and gradually build a stable earnings structure. This stable earnings base will be key as we carry out growth investments to expand the electronic materials business, and so we will strive to build a well-balanced structure that contributes to future growth.
                At the Chemical Company, we see the implementation of 5G and the rapid transformations aimed at the creation of a smart society as an opportunity to grow. We will therefore maximize use of the Air Water Group’s electronics-related technical resources and customer base to develop new electronic materials, and transform the electronic materials business into a growth driver for the entire group.
Meanwhile, we will aim to rebuild production systems across all of our chemical-related businesses, while working to expand our production capacity and optimize our production and logistics systems to cope with
Major Measures in FY2020
01. Improving profitability by optimizing production systems
• Closing Chinese production plants due to the long-term suspension of operations brought on by environmental regulations
• Rebuilding domestic and global production systems using the production hubs of overseas companies and Daito Chemical
• Expanding production facilities to cope with increasing demand for photosensitizers, sodium acetate, and succinic acid
02. Maximizing the effects of M&As and reinforcing business alliances
• Generating synergy with Daito Chemical and FILWEL
• Optimizing production of thermally expandable graphite (through a joint venture between Toyo
Tanso and Nankai Chemical)
• Advancing structural reform in the general-purpose chemicals business
03. Building foundations to expand the electronic materials business
• Launching new products into the 5G market Business Facts
■ Increasing demand for electronic materials in line with digitalization. Technical reform to ensure high-performance products will be essential
■ Domestic market for organic acids and other general-purpose chemicals is shrinking ■ US-China trade frictions and environmental regulations in China pose a risk
FILWEL is engaged in the production and sales of precision polishing pads
Sodium acetate produced by Daito Chemical
   AIR WATER REPORT 2020 30