Air Water Group’s Businesses
Medical Business
   We offer a broad spectrum of products and services, from sophisticated medical solutions underpinning the increasingly advanced medical sector to lifestyle medical solutions. The former includes state-of-the-art medical facilities, medical gas supplies, contract hospital services, and equipment maintenance, while the latter includes dental supplies, sanitary products, injection needles, and other items needed by local clinics and home care providers.
   23.2%
Medical 187.9 billion yen
Revenue
809.1 billion yen
20.0 %
Medical 10.1 billion yen
          Operating profit
50.6 billion yen
  FY2019 (IFRS)
 Review of FY2019
Revenue in this segment saw a 7.9% increase over the previous term to 187.913 billion yen, while operating profit decreased 2.4% to 10.109 billion yen.
The equipment business was adversely affected by a continued drop in new orders for hospital equipment installations, mainly for operating rooms, as well as installation delays brought on by COVID-19. As such, results continued to suffer.
The medical-related services business, meanwhile, progressed steadily thanks to new orders for SPD (Supply, Processing and Distribution) services, and streamlined materials procurement and price revisions.
Despite a gradual decrease in the use of medical oxygen, sales volumes in the medical gas business stayed on par with the previous fiscal year thanks to the acquisition of new customers.
The medical equipment business also saw solid growth owing to increased sales of ventilators for newborns and infants, and growing use of nitric monoxide in inhalation therapies.
Unfortunately, results in the home medical care business fell short of last fiscal year’s due to stagnant growth in rentals of oxygen concentration equipment.
Sanitary products, however, saw firm growth thanks to growing orders for contract production of medical consumables, rising sales of protective equipment, optimization of production plants, and other factors.
Results in dental and injection equipment also progressed strongly. The former saw rising sales of materials for artificial teeth in line with advances in orthodontic technology, while the latter benefited from the introduction of cutting-edge production equipment. Further, results in the two businesses also benefited from the consolidation of a company we acquired in fiscal 2018.
Note that up-front expenditures were incurred for R&D on perioperative medicine support systems and regenerative treatments using dental pulp stem cells, as well as improvement of R&D facilities.
Outlook for FY2020
Due to the spread of COVID-19, we anticipate delays in hospital facility construction and maintenance and inspection work. On the other hand, to counter the spread of the virus, we expect heightened demand for infection prevention products, such as sanitary products and UV sterilization devices. Moreover, needs are increasing for optimized hospital services and higher performance medical equipment due to labor shortages and other issues on the frontlines of medicine. In response, we will increase production of face masks, protective equipment, and hand sanitizer, establish new sterilization centers, place remote medical support systems on the market, and work in other ways to respond to this new demand.
Meanwhile, to cater to surging demand for injection needles in ASEAN and South America, in June 2020 we completed construction of a new injection needle production plant. We also established a new plant to produce dental materials compatible with CAD and CAM systems, and will continue making efforts to reinforce and optimize our production systems.
 ■Revenue ■Operating profit
(million yen)
200,000 187,913
*IFRS
   150,000 20,000 10,000
0
174,187
10,358 10,109
31 AIR WATER REPORT 2020
2018 2019
(FY)
 Relevant SDGs
           Seizing the opportunity for growth and utilizing our comprehensive strengths to conduct business in a diverse range of fields
Kosuke Komura President, Medical Company
                Against the backdrop of low birthrates and a super-aged society, medical institutions are being called upon to facilitate wide-ranging functional cooperation and build efficient operating systems in the mid- to long-term, such as by separating functions in acute-care hospitals and promoting comprehensive community care systems. Further, with the COVID-19 pandemic causing huge changes in business environments, infection prevention measures have become a matter of urgency in domestic medical systems.
As we learn to live alongside the virus, demand for products such as face masks, protective equipment, and hand sanitizer is increasing. Further, in the mid- to long-term, we can also expect increasing demand for remote medical support systems, new ICUs, and facility improvement work to isolate
Major Measures in FY2020
01. Demonstrating our comprehensive strengths to respond to diverse market needs
• Acquiring comprehensive orders for medical facility constructions, medical equipment, medical- related services, and more, through the Air Water International Advanced Medical Center in Kobe
• Developing new products and reinforcing sales systems in the dental and oral care segments
• Increasing share in medical gas market through enhanced collaboration with gas dealers
02. Improving profitability
• Revising prices and improving procurement costs in medical-related services
• Improving productivity through operation of new injection needle and dental material plants
03. Creating new businesses
• Utilizing IT technologies such as remote medical support systems in the advanced medical care segment
• Commercializing regenerative treatment using dental pulp stem cells Business Facts
■ Growing needs for infection prevention measures
■ Growing needs for higher performance medical equipment and optimized hospital services in the
advanced medical care segment
■Growing needs for long-term care and preventive medicine
NOALON, a remote medical support system that went on sale in May 2020
Misawa Medical Industry’s new plant, completed in June 2020, undertakes production of injection needles
areas treating infectious diseases.
As a company engaged in a wide range of fields, such as medical gas,
medical facility construction, sanitary products, contract sterilization and SPD solutions, this sort of business environment is precisely where we can demonstrate our comprehensive strengths. We will thus work to provide an array of solutions to cater to increasing demand for infection prevention measures, optimized hospital services, and more.
Further, not only will we aim to improve profitability in all of our business fields, we will strive to develop businesses in new areas. Specifically, we will use IT technologies to develop devices such as 8K rigid endoscopes, and seek to promote regenerative treatment using dental pulp stem cells.     AIR WATER REPORT 2020 32