Air Water Group’s Businesses
Energy Business
 The Energy Business supplies LPG and kerosene as daily energy to general households, commercial facilities, hospitals, and other public facilities, and also as energy for industrial uses to plants. The business is also engaged in the supply of LNG, as well as the manufacture and sale of LNG-related equipment, playing an essential role in community life.
6.4%
Energy 52.0 billion yen
Revenue
809.1 billion yen
8.4%
Energy 4.3 billion yen
       Operating profit
50.6 billion yen
FY2019 (IFRS)
  Review of FY2019
Revenue in this segment decreased 1.4% over the previous term to 51.969 billion yen, while operating profit rose 9.6% to 4.251 billion yen.
Sales in the LPG business were adversely affected by fluctuations in import prices and the ensuing drop in sales prices. However, the acquisition of distributors’ commercial rights and the promotion of loyalty point services saw a rise in the number of civil-use LPG customers. For industrial-use LPG, sales rose mainly in the West Japan region thanks to the deployment of additional in-house tank trucks and other initiatives. As a result, both sales volumes and direct-sales ratios increased, ensuring that profits remained robust. A warm winter, meanwhile, led to a decrease in sales volumes of kerosene. The equipment and installation business saw solid growth thanks to increased sales of residential-use hybrid water supply and heating systems, as well as of LPG-based mobile power source cars and emergency-use power generation units.
The natural gas business also progressed well owing to increased sales volumes of LNG and growing sales of LNG tank trucks.
Outlook for FY2020
The environment surrounding civil-use LPG is increasingly severe due to falling populations and fierce competition in the electricity and city gas markets. Against this backdrop, we will continue to make steady progress in the acquisition of distributors’ commercial rights, and work to improve direct-sales ratios and expand sales volumes. As demonstrated by our full-fledged entry into the electricity retail market in July 2020, going forward our aim is to become a comprehensive energy service company and expand sales in all of the services we provide.
Further, with global action to minimize carbon dioxide emissions, we will promote the switch from heavy oil to cleaner fuel such as LNG and LPG, and further engage in the development and sale of LNG-related equipment, such as satellite supply systems.
In Vietnam, the market is expected to grow on account of the nation’s rising population and strong economic growth. In December 2019, we acquired a company in the country to mark our first global expansion in the LPG business. In addition to thorough safety and quality control, we will move forward with business expansion in Vietnam based on the supply technologies we have accumulated in Japan.
■Revenue ■Operating profit (million yen)
*IFRS
60,000 50,000 40,000
6,000 4,000 2,000
0
52,732
3,877
51,969
4,251
   33 AIR WATER REPORT 2020
2018 2019
(FY)
 Relevant SDGs
          Reinforcing direct-sales of LPG to steadily expand earnings:
Achieving new growth through global expansion and LNG, demand for which is set to increase as we shift toward a low carbon society
Katsumi Kajiwara
President, Life Solution & Energy Company
         In Japan, we will work to expand our share of the market and improve our earning power by reinforcing direct-sales of LPG. In recent years, LPG has once again come to the fore as a clean source of energy that is resistant in the face of disaster. As such, using the characteristics of LPG we are expanding our disaster prevention business, such as by installing laundromats that can be used in times of disaster and increasing sales of mobile power source cars (emergency-use power generation units). Alongside our electricity retail business, new efforts such as these will allow us to provide a comprehensive range of energy services essential for daily life. This will enable us to achieve robust increases in customer numbers and sales volumes, both of which are paramount to business growth. And, taking the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic into account, we will optimize our
Major Measures in FY2020
01. Maintaining our top share of the Hokkaido market through thorough increases in customer numbers and sales volumes
• Enhancing direct-sales ratios through the acquisition of distributors’ commercial rights, and improving profitability
• Increasing customer numbers by offering a diverse range of products as a comprehensive energy service company (electricity retail, sales of new hot water supply and heating systems, laundromats, etc.)
• Improving distribution through the installation of IoT-based residual quantity monitoring equipment
02. Expanding industrial-use energy business
• Promoting fuel switches mainly in Honshu
• Supplying LNG, a clean energy source, and expanding sales of LNG equipment
03. Building foundations for our global business
• Establishing a foundation for the wholesale of LPG in our new Vietnam business Business Facts
■ Decreasing use of LPG and kerosene due to declining populations and global warming ■ Lack of successors for LPG retail businesses
■ Switch to clean energy in anticipation of a low carbon society
■ Mergers of major wholesalers
Laundromats that can be used in times of disaster
Pacific Petro, a Vietnamese company we acquired in December 2019
distribution methods by installing IoT-based residual quantity monitoring equipment and automatic meter-reading systems for LPG and kerosene.
The use of LNG, meanwhile, is expected to grow on a global scale due to shifts toward a low carbon society. Led by our LNG tank truck business, for which we boast an overwhelming domestic share, we will look to expand our operations based on the development of new LNG-related equipment utilizing our low-temperature gas technologies. This will include satellite supply equipment, bunkering equipment, and mobile power generation stations. Moreover, to achieve global expansion in our LPG business, we will adapt the expertise we have accumulated in Japan to the needs of each locality. In Vietnam, which will be the touchstone of these efforts, we will focus on establishing a robust business foundation.
   AIR WATER REPORT 2020 34