Air Water Group’s Businesses
Agriculture and Food Products Business
 The Agriculture and Food Products Business started with sales of frozen foods utilizing liquid nitrogen. Through the integration into the Air Water Group of functions ranging from vegetable production to the distribution of processed foods and beverage products across Japan, the Agriculture and Food Products Business is creating a new value chain that maximizes group synergies.
17.0% Agriculture and Food Products
137.3 billion yen
Revenue
809.1 billion yen
6.5%
Agriculture and Food Products 3.3 billion yen
       Operating profit
50.6 billion yen
FY2019 (IFRS)
 Review of FY2019
Revenue in the Agriculture and Food Products Business saw a 0.6% increase over the previous term to 137.298 billion yen. Operating profit, meanwhile, fell 22.1% to 3.282 billion yen.
The agricultural and processed foods business continued to face a harsh business environment due to rising ingredients costs, logistics costs, and personnel costs. Adding to this unfavorable situation, ham and deli meats, as well as sweets, were adversely affected by intensifying market competition, while demand for frozen and processed food products mainly for use in restaurants, hotels and school meals fell rapidly due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The sector of this business involved in the cultivation, processing, and sales of vegetables was also negatively impacted by huge harvests that sent market prices of its main products (potatoes and pumpkins from Hokkaido) plummeting.
Results in the beverages business fell far short of the previous fiscal year due to a cool summer (during which demand is usually highest), a slump in demand for vegetable drinks, and rising logistics costs.
Although vegetable retail suffered from low market prices and reduced shop hours and closures brought on by the pandemic in the first half of the
fiscal year, steady efforts to improve profitability at our existing stores meant that profits exceeded those of the previous fiscal year. In the agricultural machinery business, sales of weeding and other agricultural equipment progressed steadily.
Results in the agricultural and processed foods business benefited from the consolidation of Ecofroz, an Ecuadorian company engaged in the production and sale of broccoli we acquired in fiscal 2018.
Outlook for FY2020
Although the COVID-19 pandemic has led to a decrease in demand for frozen and processed food products for restaurants and hotels, it has also led to rising demand for delivery meal ingredients due to the increasing number of people staying at home. In the sweets business, meanwhile, which was in a tough position, efforts to improve profitability will continue through thorough cost-cutting measures and the reassessment of unprofitable products. In vegetable retail, despite the impacts of reduced shop hours and closures brought on by the pandemic, a review of store success and reductions in sales losses have meant that profitability is continuing to improve.
In our ingredient vegetable business, in addition to the establishment of a stable earnings structure, a pressing issue has been the creation of a robust, domestic and global procurement system that is unaffected by irregular weather. On top of the broccoli procurement hub we acquired in Ecuador in 2019, we will continue working to decentralize our producing regions with the acquisition of a new ingredient procurement hub in Kyushu.
In our beverages business, a new plastic bottle-filling line began operation at our Hokkaido Eniwa Plant in February 2020, and thus we anticipate an increase in contract production volumes and improved profitability.
 ■Revenue ■Operating profit (million yen)
150,000 136,443 120,000
*IFRS
137,298
   6,000 4,000 2,000
0
4,214
 35 AIR WATER REPORT 2020
2018
2019
(FY)
3,282
 Relevant SDGs
             Focusing on the increasingly in-demand vegetable processing business based on our ability to procure a stable source of ingredient vegetables, optimizing our production and logistics systems,
and improving our earning power
              Takeo Kashima
President, Agriculture and Food Products Company
meals and home-use ingredients—with a particular emphasis on commercial-use products used to prepare side dishes and delivery meals. We will strive to expand the business by providing optimally processed vegetables products for these uses.
We will also continue with efforts to reinforce our ability to procure a stable source of ingredient vegetables by decentralizing our producing regions. This will help us to reduce the impact weather has on market prices and ensure a stable income. Furthermore, we will strive to enhance our earning power by developing advanced processing technologies (such as cutting and freezing technologies), optimizing our production and logistics systems, developing products for health-conscious customers, and taking an omni-channel approach to sales.
    During the pandemic, there has been a sharp increase in demand for simple, delicious home meals. Further, in line with a rise in health consciousness, demand for high-quality processed vegetables that can be prepared quickly is also rising. Looking ahead, in the mid- to long-term, we believe that a shortage of personnel will lead to heightened demand for frozen vegetables and frozen cooked meals that can be served quickly with minimal need for cooking or preparation.
In light of these circumstances, perhaps our business’ biggest strength is its ability to procure a stable source of good-quality ingredient vegetables through partnerships with producers boasting more than 10,000 hectares of agricultural land. Moreover, while utilizing the group’s product development capabilities, we will focus our efforts on two growth markets—pre-made
Major Measures in FY2020
01. Reinforcing our ability to procure a stable source of ingredient vegetables
• Strengthening our fresh vegetable business and expanding in-group collaboration with the processing business
• Newly acquiring an ingredient procurement hub in Kyushu (decentralizing our producing regions)
• Strengthening our stable procurement system through EcoFroz, a company we acquired in
Ecuador
02. Strengthening foundations of the beverages business
• Expanding contract production business through operation of new plastic bottle-filling line at the Hokkaido Eniwa Plant
03. Improving profitability in ham and deli meats and sweets
• Improving production plant efficiency
• Promoting cross-group product development and enhancing sales structure
Business Facts
■ Declining Japanese population leading to lower consumption and labor shortages
■ Changes in food perceptions (health-conscious diets, demand for convenience)
■ Irregular weather is making procurement of vegetables difficult
■ Stagnant growth in restaurant and tourism industry due to COVID-19, and increasing demand for at-home meals
New plastic bottle-filling line at the Hokkaido Eniwa Plant
Our broccoli procurement hub in Ecuador (EcoFroz)
   AIR WATER REPORT 2020 36