Air Water Group’s Businesses
Logistics Business
 The Logistics Business started with the transportation of high-pressure gases, such as industrial and medical gases. Today, utilizing its low-temperature management and transportation technologies, the business has expanded into a variety of fields, including food logistics (mainly third-party logistics [3PL]) and medical logistics for the transportation of blood, as well as general cargo transport, container transport, and even the design and mounting of truck bodies.
6.2%
Logistics 50.4 billion yen
Revenue
809.1 billion yen
4.7% Logistics 2.4 billion yen
      Operating profit
50.6 billion yen
FY2019 (IFRS)
  Review of FY2019
Revenue in the Logistics Business rose 5.1% compared to the previous term to 50.413 billion yen, and operating profit increased 8% to 2.396 billion yen. In the transport business, thanks to the acquisition of new clients mainly in Hokkaido, freight volumes of livestock feed, construction materials, and other cargo increased. However, due to a slowdown in production activities throughout the manufacturing industry in the second half of the fiscal year, the movement of goods stagnated, and growth was sluggish. Overall, however, the business performed well on account of new delivery management systems that helped to streamline deliveries, and cost
improvements that came hand in hand with a drop in diesel prices.
Our 3PL business, which mainly involves food transport, also progressed well. This was down to a number of factors, including increased freight volumes at a new low-temperature logistics center and the start of convenience store deliveries in new areas, as well as correct pricing and enhanced warehouse productivity, both of which offset rising costs
associated with labor shortages.
Our vehicle body business, which is in charge of designing and mounting
truck bodies and chassis, also performed well due to strong demand for improvement work, as well as increased sales of truck trailers.
Outlook for FY2020
Although a slowdown in economic activity is expected to lead to lower volumes of automobile- and construction-related freight, for the most part, we expect food logistics for supermarkets and other facilities to perform strongly. We also expect to be able to cut costs as a result of lower diesel prices.
Amid these circumstances, the market for low-temperature logistics is forecast to grow, and so we will move forward with the upscaling of our business foundations mainly through the construction and expansion of low-temperature logistics centers. In December 2019, we began operation of a new low-temperature logistics center in Chitose, Hokkaido, and at our central low-temperature logistics facility in Sapporo, we are making progress with facility expansion work. We are also working to reinforce our logistics arrangement based on ferry transport between Hokkaido and Honshu, and in September 2020, we began construction of a new logistics center in Tomakomai, Hokkaido.
Further, in April 2020 we acquired Katsura Commerce, a company with strengths in the low-temperature transport of vegetables and other products, which helped to reinforce our logistics structure in West Japan.
The Nishiwaki Fulfillment Center of Katsura Commerce, a company we acquired in April 2020
 ■Revenue ■Operating profit (million yen)
*IFRS
60,000 50,000 40,000
3,000 2,000 1,000
0
47,947
2,217
50,413
2,396
    37 AIR WATER REPORT 2020
2018 2019
(FY)
 Relevant SDGs
          Providing added-value logistics services through the expansion of our low-temperature logistics business and the creation of an in-house network
Toshiyuki Mukaide
Acting President, Logistics Company
         Looking ahead, growth in the low-temperature logistics segment will be our main priority. We will therefore look to expand our food logistics business, mainly the transport of frozen and chilled foods, using our technologies and expertise in multi-temperature management and other areas.
Further, through well-balanced positioning of our logistics hubs from Hokkaido all the way down to Kyushu, we will organize a central network and build a business platform that ensures stable profits all year round. In addition, through the centralization of group-wide logistics functions, we will seek to optimize costs, streamline warehouse operations, and bring warehousing work in-house. Meanwhile, we understand that areas such as agriculture and food products, as well as health and hygiene materials, are
Major Measures in FY2020
01. Creating an in-house logistics network
• Reinforcing logistics to the metropolitan area based on ferry transport and through utilization of newly established logistics centers in Atsugi, Chitose, Ibaraki, and Tomakomai (currently under construction)
• Expanding business foundations in West Japan using the logistics infrastructure of Katsura Commerce, a company we acquired in April 2020
02. Expanding business predominantly in low-temperature logistics
• Further expanding our 3PL business
• Promoting further streamlining and labor savings in transport operations • Promoting correct pricing
03. Taking on new business fields
• Developing new businesses using food residue • Reinforcing medical waste collection business
Business Facts
■ Catering to workstyle reforms; shortage of truck drivers
■ Long-term declining trend in Japanese freight transport; average annual growth rate of 2% in the
low-temperature food logistics market
■ Diversifying cargo owner needs and advanced quality control requirements
■ Increasing importance of “reverse” fields in anticipation of a society that recycles the earth’s resources
Ferry transportation between Hokkaido and Honshu (containers)
Operations have begun at the Kita-Kanto Logistics Center in Ibaraki
essential for our customers’ daily lives, and so from a business continuity perspective, stable logistics infrastructure in these fields is paramount. In response, in areas such as these where there is high demand, we will look to bring operations in-house where possible, and streamline outsourced work through centralized management and operation. At the same time, we will work to revise rising logistics costs caused by workstyle reforms among truck drivers.
Regarding new endeavors, we will place particular focus on “venous” fields such as disposal, collection, and returns, and make new efforts in growing markets that contribute to the creation of recycling-oriented local societies, through use of food residue and medical waste.
   AIR WATER REPORT 2020 38