Air Water Group’s Businesses
Seawater Business
 Our Seawater Business is based on a long tradition of salt production, and we are proud to hold the top share of the Japanese industrial and household salt markets. Our operations in this segment are aimed at upholding the stable supply of this basic necessity, and providing seawater-derived foods and environmental products. Beyond these, we pursue a variety of activities aimed at extracting maximum potential from seawater. For instance, our crystal control technologies enable us to develop high-value-added magnesia products.
4.9% Seawater 40.0 billion yen
Revenue
809.1 billion yen
5.8%
Seawater 2.9 billion yen
      Operating profit
50.6 billion yen
FY2019 (IFRS)
 Review of FY2019
Revenue in the Seawater Business was 39.986 billion yen, marking a 0.6% decrease over the previous term. Operating profit rose 24.4% to 2.935 billion yen.
The salt business performed well thanks to growing sales of specially manufactured salt, enhanced production efficiency, and price revisions of industrial salt—an initiative we began last fiscal year. In the environmental business, a large drop in sales of magnesium hydroxide, which is used for the desulfurization of flue gas, meant that results suffered. In our power generation business, meanwhile, a higher ratio of under-utilized materials in our woody biomass fuel led to improved profitability and steady growth overall. The food products business also progressed well due to the start of operations at a new plant and enhanced production efficiency, as well as an increase in sales of seaweed products for convenience stores. The sewage pipe renewals business also performed well.
In our magnesia business, although sales fell for general ceramic magnesia products, such as those for fire-resistant bricks, profits remained robust thanks to heightened global sales of magnesia for magnetic steel
sheets, and profit improvements brought on by a drop in price of the raw materials used to produce fused magnesia for heaters.
Outlook for FY2020
Due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, we anticipate a drop in sales of industrial salt, environmental products such as magnesium hydroxide, and magnesia for heaters. However, on the back of increased demand brought on by stronger global environmental regulations, we will work to expand sales of environmental products such as water and soil treatment agents, predominantly in Taiwan and Southeast Asia. Regarding our electricity business, in January 2021 we began operations at the Ako No. 2 Biomass Power Station (Ako, Hyogo), which we anticipate will contribute to stable profits. We also expect steady growth in our city infrastructure operations, which include water treatment facilities and sewage pipe renewals. We will also work to expand sales of magnesia for magnetic steel sheets in China and other countries, and make efforts to enhance production efficiency to improve profitability.
Mainly in our environmental businesses, we will endeavor to develop new businesses that contribute to the achievement of the SDGs.
 ■Revenue ■Operating profit (million yen)
*IFRS
50,000 40,000 30,000
3,000 1,500 0
40,217
2018
39,986
   2,359
 39 AIR WATER REPORT 2020
2019
(FY)
2,935
Relevant SDGs
            Expanding our activity in and pushing back the frontiers of the seawater industry through the development of new seawater-based products and new business creation
Masahiro Kanazawa President, Seawater Company
          Led by businesses in which we have a high market share, such as industrial salt and magnesia for magnetic steel sheets, our strengths lie in an array of seawater-derived operations, such as those relating to the environment, food products, electricity, and city infrastructure (water treatment and sewage pipe renewals).
Although we expect stable growth in all of these businesses, in our environmental business, which makes advanced use of seawater separation and extraction technologies accumulated in our seawater business, we expect high growth going forward due to increased product demand. Specifically, stronger environmental regulations in Asia and other regions are
Major Measures in FY2020
01. Expanding our electricity business
• Beginning operations at the Ako No. 2 Woody Biomass Power Station (scheduled for January 2021)
02. Expanding our environmental business
• Expanding the water treatment facility business, mainly in public construction works
• Expanding global sales of water treatment agents, mainly in Taiwan and Southeast Asia
03. Expanding our magnesia business
• Expanding sales of magnesia for magnetic steel sheets in China and Eastern Europe Business Facts
■ Declining demand for salt due to falling population and low-sodium diets
■ Expanding environmental product market due to stronger environmental regulations
■ Expanding demand for infrastructure improvements (e.g., water supply and sewer systems)
■ Expanding demand for magnetic steel sheets due to advances in global electricity infrastructure
The Ako No. 2 Woody Biomass Power Station, which began operations in January 2021
Water treatment and absorbent agent produced by Nihonkaisui
expected to drive sales of magnesium hydroxide for the desulfurization of flue gas, as well as READ (rare-earth) absorbents used in wastewater treatment. Looking ahead, Air Water has positioned these operations as growth pillars, and will place particular focus on them as it aims to become a company that provides comprehensive environmental solutions.
Further, as we aim to push back the frontiers of the seawater industry, we will make multilateral, dynamic efforts to create new seawater-derived products and businesses, such as the aquarium business (based on our artificial seawater), magnesium supplements, chemical thermal storage materials, and thermally conductive semiconductor materials.
   AIR WATER REPORT 2020 40