Air Water Group’s Businesses
Other Businesses (incl. Aerosol Business)
  With unique technologies and products such as aerosols, electronics materials, and O-rings, operations in this segment underpin the growth of the Air Water Group. We are also taking on new fields such as woody biomass power generation and global engineering.
15.5 % Other 125.1 billion yen
Revenue
809.1 billion yen
14.5 %
Other 7.3 billion yen
        Operating profit
50.6 billion yen
 FY2019 (IFRS)
 Review of FY2019
Revenue in this segment stood at 125.057 billion yen for a 33.5% increase over the previous term, while operating profit increased 116.1% to 7.338 billion yen.
In the aerosol business, soaring demand in China the previous fiscal year saw a drop in contract production of UV cut sprays, while increases in depreciation and other costs due to the start of operations at a new factory meant that, overall, results suffered.
The electronics materials business felt the impact of a deceleration in economic activity in China, and sales of wire harnesses and other products for automobiles decreased. In Japan, however, sales of chemicals and other products for semiconductors and chemical industries were robust, while equity profits of our overseas subsidiaries increased. As such, results in the electronics materials business overall were on par with the previous year.
Our global engineering business performed well thanks to a number of factors—the industrial gas equipment segment saw steady sales of low-temperature liquefied gas tanks and carbon
dioxide equipment in North America, while enhanced efficiency and lower procurement costs mainly at our production sites in Malaysia also contributed. High-power UPS systems also saw solid results owing to increased demand for their use in data centers in Singapore. Results in this segment also benefited from the consolidation of Hitec Power Protection in the Netherlands, a high-power UPS manufacturer we acquired this fiscal year.
Elsewhere, continued stable operations at our woody biomass and coal co-fired power generation plant in Hofu, Yamaguchi, which began operating in July of last year, led to solid results in our electricity business.
Outlook for FY2020
In the aerosol business we expect further demand for contract production of infection prevention products such as alcohol-based disinfectant. Meanwhile, although the global engineering business is likely to be affected by delays to high-power UPS projects, integrated management of the two companies we newly acquired will enable us to create a cost-competitive global sales and engineering framework, which will allow us to cater to increasing demand from the growing data center and semiconductor markets. In the industrial gas equipment segment, we forecast steady sales of liquefied hydrogen tanks and other equipment in the North American market.
In electricity, not only will we continue with stable operation of our woody biomass and coal co-fired power generation plant in Hofu, Yamaguchi (which began operation in July 2019), we are also moving forward with construction of a woody biomass mono-fired power plant in Iwaki, Fukushima, where we hope to begin operations in April 2021. In the O-ring business, which produces and sells machine-use seal components, we anticipate steady sales for semiconductor manufacturing systems.
 ■Revenue ■Operating profit (million yen)
*IFRS
150,000 120,000 90,000 10,000 5,000
93,694
125,057
7,338
   41 AIR WATER REPORT 2020
3,395 0 2018
2019 (FY)
Relevant SDGs
        Major Measures in FY2020
 Global Engineering
• Building foundations for the gas business in North America, and expanding sales of low-temperature equipment, etc.
• Establishing a global sales framework for the high-power UPS system business
Electronics Materials
• Expanding sales of automotive electronics materials Global Engineering
Engineering and Equipment
In the North American market, we produce and sell industrial-use low-temperature equipment—both stationary-type and those for transport—and carbon dioxide equipment, while we also undertake engineering work for industrial gas production plants. Through these businesses, not
only are we increasing the presence of the Air Water brand, by reinforcing partnerships with gas dealers, we are building an industrial gas business especially for the North American market.
Electronics Materials
Leveraging its global network, Air Water offers a wide range of chemical products for various industries, from basic chemicals to high-purity chemicals, electric insulating materials and resin molded items for the electronics field. Air Water also jointly develops materials for customer products with manufacturers and provides state-of-the-art information and materials.
Other
Electricity
Aerosol
• Increasing contract production of infection prevention products, such as alcohol-based disinfectant
Other
• Stable operation of woody biomass plant, and construction of new power plant to be launched next fiscal year
• Expanding sales of seal components for semiconductor manufacturing equipment
High-power UPS Systems
High-power uninterruptible power supplies (UPS) are essential for avoiding power supply issues—such as voltage dips and power outages—and ensuring stable operation in semiconductor factories
and data centers. Through Power
Partners (Singapore) and Hitec Holding (the Netherlands), we are providing safe and reliable, optimal UPS solutions to our customers.
Aerosol
Air Water conducts a broad range of businesses on an OEM/ODM basis, flexibly responding to diverse needs of customers by manufacturing aerosol products and other liquid-filled products in both large and small lots, from items for the human body and household
         To ensure business continuity in all circumstances, including major disasters, we believe it is crucial to become self-sufficient by securing baseload power. To this end, we have begun power generation using woody biomass, a renewable energy source. We plan to operate four power generation units by 2023, and when all are running, they will generate the equivalent of 80 percent of the Air Water Group’s power consumption. We are also engaged in small-scale power generation using woody biomass, and are working to establish a renewable energy use model for local communities.
commodities to paint, and industrial items.
automotive parts,
O-rings
Air Water manufactures and sells various types of seal materials such as rubber O-rings and other rubber products for industrial use. For semiconductor manufacturing systems, we offer a lineup under the Pororoca brand of ultra high-performance rubber O-rings. We also sell O-rings made of perfluoroelastomer (FFKM), which have the world’s highest level of heat resistance, and O-rings made from general-purpose fluoroelastomer rubber (FKM).
      Woody biomass and coal co-fired power generation
Generation capacity: approx. 112,000 kW (Began operations in July 2019)
Completion image
Woody biomass mono-fired power generation
Generation capacity: approx. 75,000 kW (Start of operation scheduled for April 2021)
AIR WATER REPORT 2020 42