
As a company involved in food and medicine, the Takara Group aims to contribute to a healthy lifestyle. We will work to create a society where people can continue to enjoy a healthy lifestyle, including through the development of revolutionary biotechnologies such as gene therapy, the supply of related services, and the development of health-conscious products.
Support for the development of global life science research
Provide extensive support for the development of life science research and industry
Takara Bio uses genetic and cellular engineering technology to supply research reagents and other products to life science researchers throughout the world. Since it started selling “restriction enzymes,” Japan’s first domestically produced reagents for genetic engineering research in 1979, Takara Bio currently offers approximately 10,000 products. We offer a diverse array of products ranging from the application in the cutting edge life science field to the research reagents that are used on a daily basis. Going forward, we will continue to support the world’s research institutions and the development of life science research.
Contribute to the life science community
Takara Bio supports life science communities by sponsoring various academic meetings and events related to life sciences and biotechnology, such as Takara Gene & Cell Academy (TGCA) Seminars for researchers conducting biotechnology research.
Application of genetic analysis technology to testing and diagnostics
Supply testing and diagnostic kits for viruses, etc.
Takara Bio is working to create a healthy society by offering various food and environmental testing and diagnosis kits, including those used to test food poisoning caused by viruses such as norovirus and animal and plant infections such as African swine fever, in addition to test kits for the COVID-19 infections.
Initiatives for achieving gene therapies
Gene therapy technology development and social implementation for cancer and other targets
Leveraging revolutionary biotechnologies, Takara Bio is advancing the development of leading edge technologies, such as gene therapies, to address unmet medical needs. In 2008, the company launched Japan’s first clinical trial for external gene therapy and currently we are advancing multiple gene therapy projects through many rounds of trial and error.
Takara Bio will continue to steadily advance the clinical development of gene therapies and quickly commercialize our results in order to contribute to the healthy lifestyles of people around the world.
Supply of health-conscious products
Development and promoting the appeal of carbohydrate-free, purine-free, and salt-free products Takara Shochu is the No. 1 ko-type shochu*1 that realized clean and mellow taste despite being carbohydrate free*2 and purine free*3 owing to our proprietary brewing technology and aged shochu blending technology developed over many years. Takara Shochu Highball is a dry flavored chu-hi containing 7% alcohol that pays tribute to the taste of the shochu highball originated from cheap saloons in Tokyo’s colorful shitamachi (lower city) districts in the early 1950s. In addition to the strong satisfaction, its features of containing no purines, no added sweeteners, and no or low carbs have been endorsed by health-conscious customers.
Takara Ryori no Tame no Seishu Toshitsu Zero (no carbs), a cooking sake made with 100% Japanese rice, contains no carbs but has about 20% more*4 umami substance (succinic acid) with no salt. The product uses Takara Shuzo’s proprietary Umami Appu Kobo (umami- boosting yeast) and makes dishes more delicious by giving an extra well-seasoned flavor and umami while eliminating raw odors.
In the current market of broadly-defined cooking liquor for home use (excluding substitute of sake for drinking), salt-added cooking liquors account for more than 60% of the market. However, the fact that there are cooking liquors containing salt has not been really recognized. Takara Shuzo is disseminating information by highlighting reduced salt content, including the fact that the cooking liquor it manufactures and sells does not contain salt and is also making an appeal to customers that there is a difference between cooking liquors and salt-added cooking liquors.
*1 INTAGE SRI (cumulative sales value for the period from April 2019 to March 2020)
*2 Labeled no carb when a product contains less than 0.5g of carbohydrates per 100ml in accordance with Japan’s Food Labeling Standards.
*3 Labeled no purines when a product contains less than 0.5mg of purines per 100ml.
*4 Compared with Takara Shuzo’s sake