The Takara Group Environmental Policy
The Takara Group positions the harmonization of its business activities with global environmental preservation as one of its key challenges, and contributes to building a sustainable society by establishing and continuously improving the environmental management system.
We comply with laws and regulations related to the environment, in addition to other requirements that we have agreed to.
In the course of the Takara Group’s business activities, we place particular emphasis on the following items.
(1) We strive to prevent environmental pollution.
(2) We strive to promote energy and resource conservation, and try to use sustainable resources.
(3) We strive to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and mitigate climate change.
(4) We support and promote activities related to biodiversity and ecosystem protection and preservation.
(5) We strive for environmentally conscious product development, including promoting the 3Rs for containers and packaging.
3 We actively disclose information on our environmental initiatives and environmental performance, while striving to communicate with society.
While using education and awareness programs to convey this Environmental Policy to all members of the Takara Group, we also energetically support employees’ participation in social contribution activities.

Response to climate change issues
Reduce CO2 emissions from production process
The Takara Group’s total CO2 emissions in production processes for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 was 110,200 t-CO2, a 2.7% year-on-year reduction. This is because Mizuho Nourin Co., Ltd. and Kinoko Center Kin Inc. were excluded from the Group. Other than these two companies, Takara Group made efforts to reduce CO2 emissions, as The Tomatin Distillery Co., Ltd. in the U.K. increased the ratio of use of biomass boilers and Takara Bio started operation of a co-generation system in January 2020. Nevertheless, total emissions were roughly unchanged from the previous year, as the completion of a new building (CGCPII) of Takara Bio in August 2019 led to an increase in electricity and gas usage.
Total CO2 emissions for Takara Shuzo’s production processes, which comprise more than 80% of the entire Group’s CO2 emissions, were 94,700 t-CO2 for the same period, a slight increase (0.8%) year on year. While the Group’s energy efficiency has improved with upgrade and introduction of energy-saving facilities, including effective utilization of exhaust heat from boilers, cooling of compressors through introduction of heat pumps, upgrade to high efficiency freezers, upgrade to high efficiency gas boilers, and upgrade to energy-saving compressors, the total emissions slightly increased year on year due to an increase in production volume. In fiscal 2020, the Group aims to reduce CO2 emissions by 0.8% (800 t-CO2) compared with FY2019 with upgrade to and introduction of energy-saving facilities such as upgrade to high efficiency chillers (full-year impact) and heat insulating works of pasteurizers.

Develop environmentally conscious products
Takara Shuzo has prepared “Guidelines for Environmentally Conscious Product Development” and “Manual for Environmentally Conscious Product Development,” and is continuously promoting product development emphasizing the 3Rs (reduce, reuse, recycle) for containers, by establishing environmental goals of ISO14001 in materials procurement and product development. In fiscal 2019, Takara Shuzo made improvement efforts such as changing the delivery format of mirin from bag-in-box (BIB) to containers and changing the mode of transportation from container shipping to lorry delivery to reduce the number of deliveries.
At Takara Bio, we are proceeding with efforts to use environmentally conscious product packages and simplify packaging without compromising on quality, such as promoting pouch packaging of research reagents.
Implement environmental education for children
Takara Shuzo Eco-School
From 2012 onwards, Takara Shuzo has been implementing environmental education for primary school children from third through sixth grade and their families, where they have fun learning about the current situation of the garbage problem and how to reduce waste while experiencing recycling, etc. In fiscal 2019, this event was held in five cities, namely, Kyoto, Kobe, Koto ward in Tokyo, Nagoya, and Fujisawa, participated by about 300 parents and children.
*The event was cancelled in fiscal 2020 to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus infections.
Eco-School
Preservation of ecosystems and biodiversity
Assistance for activities and research protecting ecosystems and biodiversity
Takara Holdings established the Takara Harmonist Fund in 1985, and ever since has carried out annual activities for protecting Japan’s forests, grasslands, and aquatic environments, in addition to offering assistance for research and other efforts toward safeguarding the wildlife in these habitats. The selection of recipients of assistance is carried out by a steering committee comprised of experts specialized in the natural sciences.
Value Creation Story Takara Group Financial Strategy and Sustainability Policy Corporate Information
In fiscal 2020, 13 recipients were chosen from many applicants across Japan. These included groups engaged in activities and research related to environmental preservation based on a variety of research themes such as “Exploring the exclusive distribution of surf fish.” During 35 years of the program, a cumulative total of 179,798,000 yen has been granted to 379 recipients.
Assistance to environmental preservation activities (photo: Tanakia lanceolate )
Implement environmental education for children
Takara Shuzo Farm School
In order to teach the importance of protecting the natural environment and its biodiversity (environmental education) to the children who will lead our future generations, while also conveying gratitude for the bounty of nature (dietary education), Takara Shuzo offers a Farm School. Elementary school children and their families are invited to four classes approximately half a year, from May to December, at a field in Sonobe-cho, Nantan city, Kyoto and at a cooking school in Kyoto city. In the classes, participants get to experience farming rice, observing nature, and cooking food. By having students prepare dishes using Hon-mirin in the cooking classes, we give them a chance to feel an affinity for Takara Shuzo products.
*The event was cancelled in fiscal 2020 to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus infections.
Farm School
Environment
Reduce CO2 emissions from transportation processes
At Takara Shuzo, we are promoting high-efficiency transportation, energy-saving vehicle operations, modal shifts, improving loading efficiency for products shipped by truck, and other measures to reduce CO2 emissions during product transportation. While there was some positive impact from an improvement in loading efficiency for truck shipments and the reduced shipping between the east and west bases following the opening of a new production line for light alcohol refreshers at the Matsudo Plant, there was a large effect from the unit increase in sales volume, and overall CO2 emissions from transportation processes in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, increased 2.4% year on year.
CO2 emissions from Takara Shuzo logistics (total emissions)
Limiting Waste Generation
Reduce plant waste volume and promote recycling
In Takara Shuzo plants, waste products generated include by-products such as shochu lees and the like, as well as wastewater treatment sludge, and shipping materials for raw ingredients, containers, etc. For this reason, we are striving to reduce the volume of waste generated in our plants by making efforts to effectively utilize the waste, such as repurposing food-based by- products (such as shochu lees) into feed and fertilizer.
The volume of waste generated by Takara Shuzo increased 13.7% year on year to 4,975 tons for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. This was primarily due to increases in wastewater treatment sludge and shochu lees resulting from increased production volume.
  Examples of initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions from transportation processes
• Modal shifts to ferries, rail cars, etc.
• Production closer to the area of consumption in order to reduce
shipping between east and west bases
• Developing high-capacity cargo trucks with our transportation
subsidiaries
  (1,000t-CO2)
(t) 6,000
4,000 2,000 0
4,247
2016
5,261
2018
4,377
2019
4,975
Years ended 2020 March 31
17 16 15 14
0
15.2
2016
15.7
2017
15.5
2018
16.0
2019
16.4
2020
4,009
2017
)
Takara Shuzo waste product volume
   Limiting Water Usage
The Takara Group’s total water usage in production processes for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, was 7.30 million m3, a 0.6% year-on-year decline. At the same time, Takara Shuzo’s total water usage, which comprises approximately 80% of the entire Group’s usage, increased slightly year on year to 5.90 million m3, up 0.8%, as sales volume increased.
Years ended March 31
)
Response to environmentally conscious product packages and packaging
In Japan, approximately 60% of general household garbage (based on volume) are containers and packaging. In order to address this problem, Takara Shuzo is promoting materials procurement and product development emphasizing the 3Rs (reduce, reuse, recycle). Furthermore, as an independent initiative, Takara Shuzo is selling shochu by weight. Shochu is put into specialized tanks at our plants, then sent directly to retail stores, where customers bring plastic PET bottles, etc. from home and fill the exact amount they need from the specialized tanks when making a purchase.
Since this allows customers to buy only the volume they need without purchasing a container, it translates to resource conservation and less garbage.
From 1998, when these efforts started, to the end of March 2020, we have been able to conserve the equivalent of approximately 9.53 million 2.7-liter PET bottles.
 Limiting water usage in production processes
 Volume of water used in production processes
(10,000m3) 800
Takara Shuzo
Takara Group consolidated
712 734 730 528 586 586 590
2017 2018 2019 2020
    600 536 400
200
0
2016
<Scope of calculations>
Takara Shuzo Co., Ltd., Takara Sake USA Inc., Takara Shuzo Foods Co., Ltd. (China), The Tomatin Distillery Co. Ltd., Takara Bio Inc., Takara Biotechnology (Dalian) Co., Ltd.
*Results included Mizuho Nourin Co., Ltd. and Kinoko Center Kin Inc. till
February 2019.
 39 TAKARA HOLDINGS INC.
TaKaRa Group Report 2020 40