    Takara Group Sustainability Policy
About Takara Group
In addition, to prevent drinking while pregnant or nursing, since 2004, Takara Shuzo began displaying warnings about the risk of drinking for expectant or nursing mothers on product packages and in newspaper and magazine advertisements.
In order to prevent consumers from accidentally drinking alcohol by mistaking it as a soft drink, we have implemented initiatives such as becoming the first in the industry to put a symbol indicating “alcoholic beverage” on light-alcohol refreshers. Currently, for canned beverages and those containing 300ml or less, we print this symbol on all products containing less than 10% alcohol by volume. In compliance with the “Voluntary Standards on the Display of Specific Items Concerning Low Alcoholic Liqueurs” established by the Japan Spirits & Liqueurs Makers Association, we also use designs that enable consumers to instantly recognize alcoholic beverages.
Example warning label
Example of the “Alcoholic Beverage” symbol
Age certification system when accessing website
In 2019, Takara Shuzo introduced an age certification system for access to web pages related to alcoholic beverages on its website to prevent underage drinking.
Age certification system
Value Creation Story Takara Group Financial Strategy and Sustainability Policy Corporate Information
Respect for global guidelines
Respecting WHO’s global strategy on alcohol
The World Health Organization (WHO) adopted the global strategy to reduce harmful use of alcohol at the World Health Assembly held in May 2010. Subsequently in 2013, the WHO announced the Global Action Plan 2013-2020, setting a 10% reduction target for the harmful use of alcohol.
In response to the WHO’s initiatives, the Basic Act on Measures against Alcohol-related Health Harm came into force in Japan in 2014. Based on this Act, the Japanese government developed the Basic Plan for the Promotion of Measures against Alcohol-related Health Harm in 2016, presenting specific measures to be taken. Takara Shuzo respects the WHO’s global strategy on alcohol, complies with the Basic Plan for the Promotion of Measures against Alcohol-related Health Harm based on this strategy, and voluntarily and proactively implements measures to solve alcohol-related problems.
Participation in external initiatives
Participation in dissemination and awareness raising programs on appropriate drinking practices by the Health and Medicine of Alcohol Association
The Health and Medicine of Alcohol Association was established in 1980 under the joint responsibility of the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare and the Ministry of Finance to spread and educate people about appropriate drinking practices and to prevent underage drinking. The Association conducts activities such as publishing magazines and journals, preparing posters, and holding seminars. As a representative of alcoholic beverage industry groups, we participate in the Association’s activities as a planning member and publish a magazine on alcohol-related problems four times a year.
Participation in reviews of alcoholic beverage advertisements conducted by the Advertising Review Board of Alcoholic Beverages
The Advertising Review Board of Alcoholic Beverages was established in 2007 by the Liaison Council on Drinking, which consisted of nine groups in the Central Liaison Council of Alcoholic Beverage Industry. The Board was established as an organization commissioned with the deliberation on the status of compliance with the voluntary standards concerning alcoholic beverage advertising and labeling (hereinafter, the “Voluntary Standards”) formulated by the Liaison Council on Drinking and with the reporting on the results of the deliberation, in order to ensure objectivity and a higher level of effectiveness. The Board reviews alcoholic beverage advertisements on TV and in newspapers and magazines twice a year and reports the results of its review to the Liaison Council on Drinking. As a representative of alcoholic beverage industry groups, we participate in the Board as a working-level member and review alcoholic beverage advertisements, including whether the Voluntary Standards have been complied with.
  Responsible Alcohol Producer
Alcohol has played an important role as a communication tool for facilitating human relationships since ancient times. However, since it also causes so- called alcohol-related issues, including the consumption of alcohol by those under the age of 20 and drunk driving, there are both advantages and disadvantages to alcoholic beverages.
The Takara Group believes that tackling alcohol-related issues head-on is an important responsibility as a company that manufactures and sells alcoholic beverages, and we have therefore established, and are working on, the Basic Policy on Responsible Drinking.
Spreading awareness on the appropriate consumption of alcohol
Educational efforts using our website and pamphlets
In 1986, Takara Shuzo published “Say No Book,” a pamphlet that provided accurate information on alcohol and an easy-to-understand description of appropriate drinking practices. In 2009, we updated the publication and published “Maintaining a Positive Relationship with Alcohol,” a booklet explaining the attributes of alcohol and calling for appropriate drinking practices. We distribute this booklet to various organizations and at a range of events. It is also available on Takara Shuzo’s website (only available in Japanese).
The “Maintaining a Positive Relationship with Alcohol” booklet
Awareness programs for employees
The Takara Group Compliance Action Guidelines stipulates provisions, among others, that the Group’s employees must refrain from excessive drinking and strive to observe appropriate drinking practices. In addition, we address various themes related to alcohol- related problems and provide education to employees each year.
Implementation of responsible marketing
Implement responsible advertising
Takara Shuzo adheres to industry standards requiring that we shall: (1) Not use expressions enticing underage drinking, (2) Not use expressions encouraging excessive drinking or drinking that violates socially accepted common sense, (3) Clearly display labels warning about preventing underage drinking, drunk driving, drinking while pregnant or nursing, and excessive intake of alcoholic beverages, (4) Restrict the broadcast times of commercials (no broadcasts from 5:00 AM until 6:00 PM), and (5) Voluntarily refrain from broadcasting during programs with higher viewership among underage viewers.
Similarly, for print advertisements other than TV commercials (such as newspapers and magazines), we clearly display warning messages in places easily noticeable by readers to the effect that underage drinking is prohibited.
Conscientious product labeling
As part of efforts to prevent underage drinking and drunk driving, since 1995, Takara Shuzo started to display the message that “underage drinking and drunk driving are prohibited by law” on its product packages. Takara Shuzo currently displays the messages, “You can start drinking alcohol after you turn 20” and “Drunk driving is prohibited by law.”
   Drinking while pregnant or breastfeeding may have a negative impact on the development of fetuses and infants.
You can start drinking alcohol after you turn 20. Drunk driving is prohibited by law.
  Basic Policy on Responsible Drinking
As a company engaged in the manufacture and sale of alcoholic beverages, we believe that it is an important responsibility of the Takara Group to address alcohol-related issues, and we will work together with society through various activities to develop a healthy alcohol culture.
All employees of the Takara Group will act in a responsible manner to spread awareness about the appropriate consumption of alcohol.
We will endeavor to resolve issues such as alcoholism and other heavy drinking, the consumption of alcohol by those under the age of 20, alcohol consumption by pregnant women, and drunk driving through educational efforts using our website and pamphlets as well as by placing cautionary statements on our product packages and advertisements.
We will work on alcohol-related issues with various stakeholders including industry associations and NPOs.
When engaged in the manufacture and sale of alcoholic beverages and their advertising activities, we will comply with related laws and regulations, voluntary industry standards, the Takara Group Compliance Action Guidelines, and internal regulations.
We will promote awareness programs for employees.
   41 TAKARA HOLDINGS INC.
TaKaRa Group Report 2020 42