    Takara Group Sustainability Policy
About Takara Group
female employees accounting for 41.7% of the total employees. Furthermore, Takara Bio is striving to achieve the target of promoting ten or more female employees to a managerial position or boosting the ratio of female managers to at least 25% (in proportion to the total number of managers as of the end of March 31, 2016) by the end of March 2022. The company had 14 female managers as of April 1, 2020, bringing the ratio of female managers to 27.7%.
Promote the active involvement of senior human resources
Takara Holdings, Takara Shuzo, Takara Shuzo International, and Takara Bio set the retirement age of their employees at 60. However, there is a re-employment system in place, allowing those who wish to work to remain employed until they turn 65. During the three years from FY2017 to FY2019, the ratio of employees who wished to be re- employed after reaching their retirement age was 83% in Takara Holdings, Takara Shuzo, and Takara Shuzo International combined and 100% in Takara Bio.
Promote the hiring of people with disabilities
When hiring people with disabilities, we ensure that our workplaces are conducive to allowing these individuals to exercise their talents. Approaches to doing so include understanding the individual’s work skills, establishing and developing a range of work tasks suited to the person’s circumstances, and improving the workplace environment. Additionally, people with disabilities participate in professional work alongside able bodied employees as we strive to create an environment in which they will feel a sense of purpose in their job.
As of April 1, 2020, there were six employees with disabilities working at Takara Holdings (in comparison to the statutory required number of four), 36 at Takara Shuzo (against the statutory required number of 30), and 12 at Takara Bio (against the statutory required number of 12).
Achieving a comfortable workplace environment and a work-life balance
Ensure workplace safety and sanitation
The Takara Group strives to organize its workplace environment in compliance with laws and regulations concerning safety and health. In the event any disaster occurs in connection with our business, we will minimize the accident and take recurrence prevention measures, while implementing the required procedures such as filing reports and notices.
Furthermore, as part of our mental health support for employees, our Group companies engage an external institution to conduct stress checks every year to help employees recognize any stress they are going through. The employees who have been diagnosed as having an increased level of stress will meet an industrial physician if they wish to do so. Through this and other initiatives, we endeavor to prevent mental health problems among our employees.
Comply with labor-related laws and regulations
The Takara Group strives to maintain a pleasant
Value Creation Story Takara Group Financial Strategy and Sustainability Policy Corporate Information
workplace in compliance with labor-related laws and regulations. We strictly request managers to manage work hours of their staff members pursuant to the Labor Standards Act and do not allow them to force their staff members to perform excessively demanding duties, to accept overtime work, or to engage in any other types of unreasonable work practices. We also constantly remind them that they need to always pay attention to the physical and mental health of their subordinates.
Prevent long working hours
In the Takara Group, supervisors thoroughly manage the status of employees’ overtime working hours. In addition, the person in charge of managing overtime working hours in each workplace and the Personnel Division also confirm the status of overtime working hours in the middle of each month. We also prohibit employees from working more than 60 hours a month in excess of their stipulated work hours, in principle. In addition, we have put in place a set of general rules to ban coming to work before 7 a.m., working overtime after 9 p.m., and working on Sundays. Under the Article 36 Agreement, we limit the maximum extended working hours to 75 hours per month. We also ensure that the total hours of overtime work and work on holidays in excess of 40 hours a week do not exceed 80 hours a month.
Promote diverse working styles
Workstyle reforms cover various aspects. They include adjusting long work hours, promoting the active involvement of women in workplaces, supporting the employment of senior workers, balancing one’s career and responsibilities as a parent or caregiver, and flexible workstyles. We are addressing each of these issues.
To help employees fulfil work and family responsibilities, Takara Holdings, Takara Shuzo, and Takara Shuzo International offer work arrangements that surpass what is legally required. For instance, in support of employees who are raising children, we offer an option of working shorter hours until their child starts primary school (while the legal requirement is to offer shorter work hours until the child turns three years old). To support caregivers, we offer a caregiver’s leave for a total period of one year (93 days under law).
In addition, we introduced a work-from-home system in December 2019. The system was initially available only for employees with parenting and care giving responsibilities but was expanded to all employees starting from the fiscal year 2020, with exceptions of certain job categories such as technicians or engineers in factories.
Takara Bio is reviewing its work arrangements in combination with its efforts to improve productivity. As an effort to support its employees in fulfilling work and family responsibilities, the company offers shorter work hours until their children complete the fourth grade in primary school (until three years old under law). The company also allows its employees who are working shorter hours to raise children to use the flextime system. In addition, it extended lunch break by 15 minutes to 60 minutes starting from the fiscal year 2019, reducing the stipulated daily work hours by 15 minutes to seven and half hours.
  Human Resources
culture to actively promote our global business expansion.
Foster human resources using Takara Holdings Corporate History Museum, our training facility
In March 2017, we opened the Takara Holdings Corporate History Museum, a training facility for Group employees inside and outside Japan, in Takenaka-cho, Fushimi-ku, Kyoto, which is where the company was established, as one of our 90th anniversary projects. The business territory of the Takara Group, which originated in the sake brewing business in 1842, has now expanded to include the Biomedical Business and the Japanese Food Wholesale Business in overseas markets. In terms of geographical regions, we have also actively extended our business activities in Europe, the U.S., Asia, and Oceania, resulting in diverse human resources. We utilize this
In the Takara Group, we take the perspective that people facility for our Corporate History Museum Observational
are indispensable assets and our employees are “human Training Program for all Takara Group employees in order
resources.” While we believe that a company is an to unite the Group as a whole and instill a mindset that is organization comprising all of its individual employees willing to take on challenges. At the same time, it
and that the collective power of “human resources” is the facilitates our efforts to foster a culture for promoting source of a company’s growth and development, we also improvement in corporate value as we train the human
believe that the evolution of corporate culture and resources that will support the Group into the future. “human resources” is indispensable for the further
increase in corporate value and the achievement of Promoting the active involvement of
business continuity. We aim to create “a workplace that is diverse human resources
full of vitality and positivity, and a corporate culture that Promoting the active involvement of female employees nurtures people” from the perspective of respect for Takara Holdings, Takara Shuzo, and Takara Shuzo human beings, and within that to foster “human resources International have prepared an action plan to further that achieve a balanced combination of working adult, promote the career advancement of female employees member of society, and individual human being.” pursuant to the Act on the Promotion of Female
Participation and Career Advancement in the Workplace, Fostering human resources which came into effect in April 2016.
Implement measures to foster human resources who will The action plan covers three years starting April
be responsible for the next generation 2020 and is available on the websites of Takara Holdings Takara Holdings and Takara Shuzo have prepared an and Takara Shuzo.
action plan to create a pleasant workplace where their At Takara Bio, 60.0% (9 out of 15) of new graduate employees can fulfill both their work and parenting hires in Japan as of April 2020 were women, resulting in responsibilities, pursuant to the Act on Advancement of Proportion of women among college graduate new hires Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children, Total for Takara Holdings,
which came into effect in April 2005. Takara Shuzo, and Takara Shuzo International
The action plan covers three years starting April (People) 2020 and is available on the websites of Takara Holdings 60 and Takara Shuzo.
Overall
Women
Proportion of women (%) 48.5 60
  Foster human resources who will achieve global 23
business growth (global human resources) 20
With the aim of fostering human resources capable of 8
15 16 20
playing active roles overseas, Takara Holdings, Takara 00
English lessons online as we strive to help employees (People)
acquire the language skills required for business. 80
Furthermore, in supporting the self-development of our 60
employees, we allow them to take multiple language-related 40
courses through correspondence education programs. We 25 24
also allow new hires to take the TOEIC® tests and provide 20 13 159 25 an English language learning program for our prospective 0 0 employees before they join us, working to foster a corporate 2018 2019 2020 (as of April 1)
45.5
40 34.8 33 33 40
 Shuzo, and Takara Shuzo International provide support for 2018 employees to visit language learning schools or take Takara Bio (Japan)
Overall
Women
2019 2020 Proportion of women
(as of April 1)
(%)
100
  63.2 60.0 75 52.0 38 50
 43 TAKARA HOLDINGS INC.
TaKaRa Group Report 2020 44