In order to continuously provide customers with safe and reliable products and services, it is essential for us to continue sustainable transactions with suppliers who are our business partners. The Takara Group aims to realize sustainable procurement by ensuring the safety and quality of raw materials and more, and by also considering the social responsibility of the entire supply chain, including consideration for the environment and human rights as well as compliance with laws and social ethics based on the Takara Group Procurement Policy.

For its product labeling and packaging cardboards, Takara Shuzo promotes the use of paper with forest protection certification (e.g., FSC, PEFC). In addition, we use biomass feedstock for soft packaging materials and printing on them, making bottles and cans lighter, and abolishing labels and stickers to reduce the consumption of packaging materials.
Ryori no Tame no Seishu using certified paper
Collaboration with suppliers
Formulate guidelines for sustainable procurement, and request compliance by suppliers
We are collecting information to develop procurement guidelines for our suppliers. In addition, based on the guidelines, we will add requirements to the supplier selection standard used at the time of auditing.

Ensuring safety and quality
In accordance with the Takara Group Quality Policy, we will promote activities aimed at ensuring a high level of safety and quality.
Consideration for the environment
Based on the Takara Group Environmental Policy, we will engage in activities with consideration for the global environment.
Consideration for human rights
In accordance with the Takara Group Human Rights Policy, we will engage in activities with consideration for human rights.
Compliance with laws and social ethics
In accordance with the Takara Group Compliance Action Guidelines, we will comply with laws and social ethics. We will not request entertainment or gifts from suppliers, nor will we be the recipient of entertainment that exceeds the boundaries of common sense.
Equitable and fair transactions
We will treat all suppliers with common sense and honesty and conduct equitable and fair transactions. When selecting suppliers, we will make our decisions after equitable and fair comparisons and evaluations, based on quality, price, delivery date, technical capabilities, supply capacity and other conditions.
6 Maintaining information security
We will appropriately manage confidential information and personal information obtained during procurement activities.
Expectations of suppliers
With regard to the above, we expect the same considerations from our suppliers, and will endeavor to promote initiatives throughout the entire supply chain.