The Takara Group has formulated the Takara Group Human Rights Policy to respect the human rights of all stakeholders and is promoting various initiatives, including education and training.

The Takara Group Human Rights Policy
Recognizing that the Takara Group may potentially affect the human rights of various stakeholders, including business partners, customers, and local communities, in addition to our employees, through our business activities, we respect human rights as set out in the United Nations’ International Bill of Human Rights and the International Labour Organization (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work.
This Policy applies to all officers and employees of the Takara Group. We also request business partners to support and comply with this Policy.
We will comply with the laws and regulations of each and every country in which we conduct business activities.
We will respect the diversity, personality, and individuality of all stakeholders and will not allow any irrational discrimination on the grounds of birth, nationality, race, ethnicity, creed, religion, gender, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, employment status, hobbies, educational background, etc.
We support the right to freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining. Illegal child labor and forced labor are not permitted in domestic and overseas working environments.
We will establish and operate whistleblowing contacts within the Company and at an external third party organization for reporting violations of laws, regulations, and internal regulations including this Policy. In addition, we will prohibit any disadvantageous treatment of whistleblowers on the basis of such whistleblowing.
We will extensively convey our Human Rights Policy to our employees, and provide ongoing education and training.

Respect for human rights
Conduct human rights education at new employee training and rank-specific training sessions
Internally, we incorporate a program designed to further the understanding of human rights in introduction programs for new hires and induction programs for new managers, compliance training, and so on, to provide education within the Group.
Understanding and respect for multiple cultures (multinational cultures)
In addition to dealing with this topic in the study of human rights at training programs for new hires and programs designed for different job levels, the Takara Group Compliance Action Guidelines stipulate that employees must understand social conditions of each country and local community and give sufficient consideration to their culture, customs, and religion, to instill the understanding of and respect for different cultures throughout the Group.
Recruitment activities without discrimination
In our hiring practices, we adhere to the Act on Securing, Etc. of Equal Opportunity and Treatment between Men and Women in Employment. To ensure thorough consideration for human rights, we provide our employees involved in hiring with education on human rights using manuals and other materials.
Initiatives to prevent harassment
To prevent sexual harassment, power harassment, and other forms of harassment concerning pregnancy, childbirth, child rearing, and care giving, we have established a consultation and complaint office at each workplace, in addition to an Ombudsman Committee.
Protect personal information and privacy
To protect the rights and interests of individuals, we consider it our social responsibility to appropriately handle and protect personal information in every situation in which we conduct corporate activities. Based on this belief, we comply with laws concerning personal information and other relevant laws and ordinances, clarify our Basic Policy on the Protection of Personal Information, and strive to continue enhancing our structure for the protection of personal information.
Initiatives to identify risks to human rights
Establish a structure to identify and evaluate risks to human rights
We will collect information to identify human rights risks of the Group (human rights due diligence) and investigate human rights risks of the entire value chain in which we are involved. We will then create a structure to identify and evaluate human rights risks of the entire Group.