The Takara Group will contribute to the development of local communities by seeking communication with local communities, recognizing their needs and issues, and undertaking initiatives to resolve them.
The needs and issues of local communities are diverse and are likely to change with the times. These range from global issues such as climate change, to local issues such as garbage, the education of children who will be responsible for the next generation, promotion of the economy and culture, and large-scale disaster support.
As a good corporate citizen, we strive to understand what challenges our local communities are facing and what they require through communication with stakeholders. We will then consider what we can do for the needs and challenges we have identified and take actions to contribute to the development of local communities.

Takara Bio: Visiting lectures at elementary schools
Takara Bio began offering visiting lectures at elementary schools in Kusatsu City, Shiga Prefecture since 2018, as part of the Period for Integrated Studies curriculum prescribed in the curriculum guidelines developed by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology. To help students deepen their understanding of biotechnology, we provided an easy-to-understand description of the activities we engaged in, using our research into cancer treatment drugs as an example, and showed a video of our employees working in a laboratory. The aim of this program is to help children take initiative in learning and thinking about their lives through cross- discipline, comprehensive, and investigative learning, instead of learning with textbooks only.

Contribution to the promotion of local communities and culture
Participate in local cleaning activities and support local communities
The Takara Group actively participates in and cooperates with various activities. These include participation in cleaning activities as volunteers throughout Japan and sponsorships at local events.
Hold amateur Go tournaments
The Takara Shuzo Cup—Class-Ranked Champions’ Go Tournament, co-hosted by Takara Shuzo and the Nihon Ki-in (a public interest incorporated foundation), is the largest amateur go tournament in Japan, open to adult participants at least 20 years of age. In addition to the match, the tournament features tasting of Takara Shuzo’s alcohol products, quiz rally, and instructions by professional go players.
For the 12th tournament in the fiscal year 2019,
regional preliminaries were held at 13 sites across Japan
in addition to the national tournament. A total of 10,545
people participated in the event. Through this
tournament, Takara Shuzo is broadening the range of go
enthusiasts, while contributing to spreading go, one of
the traditional Japanese cultures.
*The tournament was cancelled in fiscal 2020 to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus infections.
Promotion of local economies
Continually foster community-based products
We sell Takara CRAFT chu-hi, which is available only in specific areas and is made using the hitotema-zukuri manufacturing method. This manufacturing method is characterized by the application of careful attention and extra efforts to bring out the distinctive qualities and characters of the local ingredients using a rigorously- selected base alcohol. We also sell Sho Chiku Bai CRAFT, which is a sake brewed using locally produced rice and our proprietary technologies, in limited areas. We will continue developing and nurturing products that are loved by local residents and have their roots in their local communities using rigorously-selected ingredients that are unique to each locality.
Support after large-scale disasters
Provide donations, water supply, and volunteer activities
In the event of large-scale disasters, we provide relief supplies and monetary donations to support the affected areas. In addition, our employees participate in relief activities as volunteers.