Priority Issue1 

Increase Compliance Awareness Globally, and Strengthen Corporate Sustainability 
ISO 26000 6.2 Organizational governance SDG relevance 6.6 Fair operating practices relevance 
  

Materiality 
The Aichi Steel Group is working to further ensure governance and compliance, enhance awareness of legal compliance, and conduct sound business activities worldwide. We are also revising our management structure and employee training to quickly address risks, putting in place a structure to support sound and appropriate business activities on a global level. 


Corporate governance 
■ Corporate governance policy 
With a basic CSR policy of "striving to contribute to sustainable development of society and the Earth through sound corporate activities," we are managing our company in a way that enjoys extensive trust of society by establishing and maintaining an organization capable of responding swiftly to changes in business environments and a fair and transparent management system. 
We also have "1S Culture" in place as part of our corporate culture that puts first priority on and acts act on the principles of 3 Ss, namely Shojiki (honesty), Seiso (cleanliness) and Safety. 
■ Adoption of in-house company system 
We have adopted an in-house company system comprising our Steel Company, Forging Company and Smart Company to make decision-making faster, improve operational efficiency and increase profitability of each business. Each company also has its own president and Business Management Div. to responsibly drive each business. 
We have established a Corporate Office with three separate headquarters as well to provide groupwide support and checks and balances for each company. 
■ Corporate governance system 
■ Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code 
We have fully complied with the Corporate Governance Code, submitting a corporate governance report regarding disclosure to the Tokyo Stock Exchange in December 2015. We will continue with efforts to strengthen and expand corporate governance, and observe the content of the code. 
■ Internal control system 
The Internal Control System Basic Policy is reviewed annually to determine if any revisions are required. The operational status is reported to the Board of Directors, and disclosure made in the business report. In response to changes in the Companies Act, in April 2015 a resolution was passed to revise the policy, and its contents disclosed. Also in April 2015, we introduced a new Board of Directors system, aimed at further separating and strengthening management decision-making by the Board, and supervisory and business execution functions. Further, at the general meeting of shareholders held in June 2016, the Company completed implementation of a system of multiple outside directors, further strengthening corporate governance. 

The Board of Directors, comprising Directors appointed by shareholders, makes decisions regarding material matters affecting the Company through discussion and mutual supervision regarding such aspects as necessity, legality, and efficiency. Auditors and the Audit & Supervisory Board examine these decisions for legal violations and other compliance matters. 
■ Corporate governance system schematic diagram 
        
21 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
Board of Directors 
Audit & Supervisory Board 
Audits 
Reports to Reports to 
Audits 
Accounting 
Audit Team 
Evaluates the appropriateness of the account audit 
Reports to 
Audit Dept. 
Instructs/Supervises 
Appoints/Dismisses 
Shareholder's Meeting 
Appoints/Dismisses 
Reports to Reports to 
Appoints/ Dismisses 
  
Makes decisions/ Supervises 
Audits Appoints/Dismisses 
President 
Instructs/Supervises 
    
Audits 
Management Committee CSR Committee, etc. (Deliberation of critical issues, etc.) 
Makes proposals to/ Makes decisions/ Makes proposals to/ Makes decisions/ 
Audits 
Audits 
Reports to 
Approves Reports to Approves 
Companies/Headquarters/Departments 
Reports to Advises/Aids 
 
Group Company 

Compliance 
■ Compliance promotion system 
We aim to be a trusted company through the protection of human rights and compliance with laws and regulations, and by respecting public decency. To enhance the overall compliance of our Group, the CSR Committee — headed by the President — sets and reviews compliance policies on a regular basis. 
Based on our internal rules and the Aichi Steel Group Action 
■ Whistle-blowing system 
In fiscal 2016, a total of 5 cases were reported to the Aichi Steel Group Compliance Hotline, the company's whistle-blowing system. We will continue promoting recognition and awareness of our whistle-blowing system to further improve our internal ability to govern ourselves. Necessary measures will be taken for improper actions reported, and the president will be informed to the president 
 
Guidelines, we strive to improve our compliance with laws and regulations as well as our social common sense. We enhance employee awareness by distributing compliance manuals, the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines, and the 1S Guidebook. 
■ Compliance promotion system 
for confirmation while said measures are carried out. We will also lay out how the system is operated and protection of whistle-blowers to 
ensure whistle-blowers are protected. 5 ■ Changes in whistle-blowing cases 
cases 
14 12 10 
8 6 4 2 0 
        
CSR Committee 
Chair: President Members: Directors, executive 
officers, auditors 
Person responsible for legal compliance 
Director in charge of General Affairs Div. 
Each location 
Departmental person responsible for legal compliance 
   
■ Compliance education program 
To enhance the compliance awareness of employees, we provide education on compliance to all employees. The importance of compliance is also covered in the Action Guidelines workshop held for those promoted to each level within the organization. In addition, any relevant corporate scandal case studies are reported to the Compliance Liaison Meeting to help prevent the recurrence of similar compliance incidents. 
3 
66 
2012 2013 2014 
2015 2016 
(Fiscal year) 
In addition to ISO 9001 certification, we have also obtained other third-party quality certifications based on our QMS. We are assessed on an annual or three-year basis for review of these certifications. 
→ See details on page 29 ■ Environmental management system audit 
The results of the FY2016 internal audit and the surveillance audit of the environment management system showed there were no major non-conformance issues. 
→ See details on page 33 
■ Fair transactions with suppliers 
We periodically hold Business Regulations, Procurement Edition seminars to improve compliance with the Subcontracting Act, which is closely connected to our procurement transactions, and to avoid breaches of an act that is easy to fall foul of. 
■ Quality certification by third-party organizations 
5 
  
Persons in charge of compliance 
  
Compliance Liaison Meeting 

General Legal Compliance Site 
General Affairs Div. 
Various departments 
 
Level-based training 1S Workshop 
372 4 

participants times 
(Feb, Apr, Jul, Oct) CSR Seminar Compliance Liaison Meeting 
14 
time times 
(January) (Mar, Jul, Oct, Dec) 
Contact point ■ General Affairs Div. ■ Auditor ■ Legal reps. 
12 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 22 
Cases 
Priority Issue1 



Risk management system 
■ Risk management system 
We have established a risk management system led by the CSR Committee, so that in the case that we face/predict a serious risk, we can take prompt and appropriate action and ensure sound business operation. 
We have prepared a risk map, in which risk items for each job level are organized according to the degree of importance and urgency. We regularly review and revise this risk map. The development of a disaster prevention/reduction scheme that enables a quick response to emergencies is underway, including the setup of emergency Company headquarters in the case of earthquakes or other disasters. After the January 8 accident, we have increased efforts to both develop alternative production systems for emergencies and prevent similar fires or explosions. 
■ Disaster prevention measures 
Following the Great East Japan Earthquake, we established the Earthquake Preparedness Committee, under which three subcommittees—the Human Safety, Facility Safety, and Production Recovery Subcommittees—were set up to enhance our earthquake preparedness. We are also working to improve our BCM (Business Continuity Management) plans. 
In December 2016, we completed construction on a new administration building with a seismically isolated structure and private electric generators, and finished transferring our computer and server installations, to avoid operation stoppages and enable rapid recovery in the event of a large earthquake. 
In fiscal 2016, the following measures were taken by each subcommittee. 
■ Disaster prevention system 
■ Risk management education 
We have newly developed a curriculum for "risk management" designed for training of all job classes, where we explain how risk management is positioned and emphasized in CSR and actual cases of crisis at Aichi Steel to heighten employees' risk awareness and ensure they understand what to do to prevent crisis occurrence/recurrence and initial actions to take when a crisis occurs. 
To prevent risk events from occurring, and to ensure the January 8 accident is never forgotten, we are working to transfer this understanding of risk management to all our employees, and to build a culture of trust with all stakeholders. 
Human Safety Subcommittee 
Measures to ensure the safer evacuation of people 
1) Educating employees through regular publication of “Disaster Prevention News” 
2) Replenishing and stocking sufficient food and other emergency relief supplies 
3) Regular evacuation drills • Early-stage fire extinguishing, transporting injured people to hospital, etc. • Evacuating to a high place in the case of a tsunami • Prompt safety checks 
Facility Safety Subcommittee 
Measures to prevent injury from buildings and other structures during earthquakes 
1) Promoting measures to prevent equipment from collapsing or falling over so that people can evacuate safely (ongoing) 
2) Installed battery-run emergency lights in the building and on the grounds 3) Reviewing necessary countermeasures and check for any omissions, 
using the Kumamoto Earthquakes as a reference 
Production Recovery Subcommittee 
Measures to ensure products are delivered promptly to customers 
	.	1)  Reinforcing facilities to prevent fatal damage due to earthquakes or liquefaction (ongoing)  
	.	2)  Establishing a restoration organization using obeya for times of large-scale emergencies or accidents  
	.	3)  Storing extra essential parts as preparation for any damage to equipment  
	.	4)  Backed up information systems and data  
           
23 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
Human Safety Subcommittee (Human Resources Div.) 
Facility Safety Subcommittee (Facility Engineering Div.) 
Production Recovery Subcommittee (Production Control Div.) 
Disaster prevention measures 
at new administration building: Seismic isolation rubber bearings▶ 
▲Liquefaction measures: Redesigned in-plant transformer substation 
Specifies actions to protect lives 

Maintains buildings and facilities to protect lives 

Ensures environment and preparations to enable early production recovery 

Secretariat, General Affairs Div. 
Earthquake Preparedness Committee 
Information security 
■ Information security promotion system 
Recognizing the importance of information security management, and in compliance with the All Toyota Security Guidelines (ATSG), we have established internal structures, provided employees with information and education on rules and regulations, and conduct inspections and so on. 
The Risk Management Department conducts security inspections to ensure that there are no issues with external email, that employees do not carelessly take internal information outside the office, or that USB memory, cameras, and other devices are handled properly. Along with enhanced checking functionality in the system, including the adoption of a system of alerts to persons in charge of confidentiality management in each department in the event of unauthorized access to confidential information, we are further enhancing our confidentiality management structure to also provide advice from experts. 
We have applied the All Toyota Security Guidelines (ATSG) at all group companies, and are enhancing information security across the entire Aichi Steel Group. 
■ Information security promotion system Management system and roles of each department 
■ Information security guidelines 
We, for security controls and to prevent leakages of personal information, have established rules regarding the procedures for handling documents and data, sending and receipt of email, and management standards and procedures for computers and peripheral devices. 
Examples of rules: • Document control rules • Information security control rules • Information disclosure rules • Private information protection rules, etc. 
We carefully handle and strictly control any information held by the Company or by any Group company, and any information obtained from our customers, suppliers or employees, etc., in accordance with our internal rules. 
Definition of Confidential Information 
All information, products, and facilities, regardless of form, designated as subject to restrictions on disclosure by the confidentiality management supervisor specified under the information security system. Confidential information regarding other companies obtained through proper means is also included. 
■ Information security awareness and education 
Through our CSR meetings, management receives updates on current Group information security management levels, as well as issues and ongoing efforts, ensuring a common awareness of information security as a management issue. For employees, a check is conducted using an "information security checklist" for every employee using a personal computer in their day-to-day work, regarding handling of information devices and various related rules. Based on those results, staff responsible for education in each department, along with department heads, provide individual instruction. 
We also present public incidents of information leaks in a news format, and issue company-wide alerts when a computer virus or other malicious program is discovered in the Company, in order to raise awareness of security controls. 
 
Overall control 
Director in charge of General Affairs Division • Person responsible for confidentiality 
management 
General Affairs Division and IT Management Division • Creates and revises measures related to the 
management of confidential information • Audits and provides guidance according to the 
confidentiality management status across the entire 
company • Manages systems (both technical and human aspects) 
  
Administrative Depts. 

In each department Role 
• Assumes all responsibility for confidential information within the division 
• Designates people in charge of confidentiality management 
• Has the final say in confidentiality classification • Designates employees authorized to create top-secret 
documents • Implements self-auditing of confidentiality management 
status • Establishes rules for the division 
• Acts under the authority of the confidentiality management supervisor (Designates confidentiality classification and sets the operating rules within the division) 
• Works to promote and fully establish confidentiality management in the division 
• Complies with laws, regulations, and company rules related to confidentiality management 
• Gives approval, instructions, and guidance related to confidential information used in their location 
• Complies with laws, regulations, and company rules related to confidentiality management 
• Reports accidents, damage, illegal acts and wrongdoing to his/her superior 

Confidentiality management supervisor (General managers of individual divisions) 

Person in charge of confidentiality management (Manager or supervisor named by the division manager who doubles as person in charge of compliance) 
 
Representative managers, etc. 

Dept. employees 
Number of times security training held 
17 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 24 
