Priority Issue2 

Encouraging the Creation of Workplaces that are Safe and Comfortable for All Employees 
ISO 26000 6.3 Human rights SDG relevance 6.4 Labor practices relevance 
  

Materiality 
With the expansion of its business domains in the midst of globalization, the Aichi Steel Group is working to create a strong organization by maximizing the potential of individuals through the creation of environments in which diverse human resources can play an active role. This includes consideration of a wide variety of human rights involving nationality, language, culture, age, gender and values, and encompassing women, seniors and those with disabilities. 


Respecting human rights and creating comfortable workplaces 

■ Initiatives involving respect for human rights 
The Aichi Steel Group states in the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines that it will comply with domestic and foreign laws and regulations both in letter and in spirit, and that it will respect human rights, and sets out behavioral standards for this. 
Through level-based training and other means, we cultivate a corporate culture in which the diversity, character and individuality of each employee is respected. Workplace study sessions are held with the goal of preventing workplace harassment, and a “Hotto (hot)” line is in place for use by employees with issues regarding human rights. This system enables employees to consult directly with advising attorneys. 
■ Aichi Steel Group Compliance Hotline flowchart 
■ Hiring and employment policies 
In addition to basic matters regarding employment prescribed by law or in collective labor agreements, Aichi Steel has set forth its Rules of Employment, with the goal of establishing fair labor conditions and maintaining order in the workplace. We clarify and implement recruiting standards in conformity with the Equal Employment Opportunity Law, the Corporate Code of Conduct set forth by the Japan Economic Federation, and the Aichi Steel Group Action Guidelines. 

Aichi Steel Group employees Suppliers 
  
Contact point 
25 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
Report (can be anonymous) 
Feedback of outcome 
(2,341 men and 180 women) 
■ Efforts to reduce total working hours A variety of activities are promoted in which labor and management 
work together to create a working environment that is friendlier to workers and helps enrich their lives. Beginning in fiscal 2015, proactive efforts are underway to prevent health hazards due to overwork and to ensure the physical and mental health of employees through the promotion of work-life balance. These include efforts to reduce total working hours through the establishment of a labor-management review committee charged with reducing overtime hours and encouraging employees to use paid leave. 
Total,working hours 2 219hours (FY2016) 
Internal External Auditor 
 
General Affairs Div. 
Collaboration 
Report 
President / CSR Committee 
Correction/ management 
Legal representatives 
Employment 
Number of employees: 
2,521 
 
Investigation team 
(Investigation/Interviews) 
Usage of annual paid leave 
55.5 (FY2016) 
Person/division concerned 

Efforts for diversity 
■ Promoting more active roles for women in the workplace 
Aichi Steel considers the promotion of diversity to be an important part of its management strategy. As part of creating a more comfortable environment for women, we are strengthening measures to promote more active roles for women and have established a system for this. We have begun to proactively hire more female employees, setting goals for the percentage of female hires among regular university hires. We also run seminars aiming to spread understanding of how to promote active roles for women, as well as career design training for female employees and their bosses. In this way, we are advancing initiatives to support women in developing their skills. 3 
Percentage of managers who 1% ( women) 
■ Promoting employment of the people with disabilities 
We have employees with disabilities working in various positions in our manufacturing and administrative divisions. To ensure they are assigned to workplaces that suit their individual capabilities, we are encouraging more workplaces to be open to employing people with disabilities, and welcome them to visit prospective workplaces for orientation. We are also providing a range of support to employees with disabilities to help them continue working at Aichi Steel. We continue our efforts to develop workplaces in which all employees can enjoy working together. 

are women 15 
Percentage of new18% ( graduates hired who are women 
women) 
▲An employee organizes a team as the team leader. ■ Childcare and nursing care support system 
We have established the Nice Family System to support employees with childcare and nursing care, so that employees can choose to work in a way that matches their life stage. We are advancing the creation of a work environment in which employees can easily balance work and family. 
▲In-house seminar on work support measures for employees with intellectual disabilities In addition to providing the knowledge required for working at Aichi Steel, these seminars are a good opportunity for people with disabilities to meet with other work colleagues with disabilities. 
■ Post-retirement reemployment system 
We have in place a Nice Senior System, which allows employees who are willing to work after retirement to continue working until they begin receiving their pensions. These employees contribute their advanced skills while working to pass on their skills and offer guidance to younger employees. We are also implementing other measures to make Aichi Steel a great place for older workers, including the creation of work environments friendlier to senior employees and the reevaluation of compensation. 
◀Using technologies developed over many years, we are encouraging employees to pass on guidance and training to younger generations. 
Registrants for the Nice Senior System 90 (Number enrolled as of the end of the fiscal year) 
Employment of people with disabilities 
% (48 persons) 2.37 
  
Childcare support system 
Nursing support system 
    
Childcare leave 
Shorter work hours 
Nighttime work restriction for childcare 
Childcare special leave 
Overtime work exemption for childcare 
Reemployment system 
Nursing care leave 
Staggered work hours for nursing care (not applicable to flextime workers) 
Nighttime work restriction for nursing care 
Nursing care special leave 
Overtime work exemption for nursing care 
Reemployment system 
       
Use of the Nice Family System 17 (Number of people who started to use the system this fiscal year) 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 26 
Priority Issue2 



Human resources development 
■ Global human resources development 
Aichi Steel is accelerating efforts to develop diverse human resources with globally competitive capabilities. For younger employees, this means acquiring specialized core capabilities, mental toughness and language skills. Our Overseas Trainee (OT) program offers young employees to learn how to work overseas by placing them with our business entities outside Japan, 
VOICE 
Review of OT training system 
We reviewed the Overseas Trainee (OT) program and opened applications for the new program from April 2017. In this new program, we focused on providing real work experiences at overseas affiliates, and on language studies to enable Japanese employees to work alongside local employees using the local language. 
The main changes were increasing the training period from a maximum of six months to more than one year, and including non-English-speaking countries (Thailand, Indonesia, China, the Czech Republic and Germany) in the countries where we place participants. We believe these changes will improve understanding of the local languages and cultures, and enhance relationships with local staff. 
As we increase our physical presence around the world, we are providing more opportunities for our young employees to work overseas. The real-life experiences provided in this training system help participants understand the significance of working overseas and the importance of communicating in the local languages, and through that we hope to help them grow into globally-active employees of Aichi Steel. 
■ Specialized Technical Training 
Specialized technical training for all skilled workers in forging plants commenced in August 2016 to provide systematic training on the knowledge and skills needed at that plants. The training is intended to raise understanding and lead to improvements in the purposes and “why” of each task. The roles of skilled workers from the fundamentals of manufacturing to the essentials of the facilities that create products and measures for dealing with abnormalities are divided into three ranks (Rank C, Rank B, and Rank A), and the training is organized so that workers learn in steps (Rank C: five years after joining the company; Rank B: 10 years after joining the company; Rank A: first-level supervisor). The hands-on training combines knowledge learning and practical skills acquisition. Trainee proficiency is confirmed through testing, and determinations of whether trainees have reached a level that can be used in practical work are confirmed through presentations on examples of improvements and on-site monitoring. Trainees who pass receive first-rank certification. 

By having all skilled workers undergo this training, a culture of19 asking “why?” will be created and the handing down of technology and skills to successor works will be encouraged. 
Number of times held (total) 
▲A certification ceremony 
Number of participants (total) 
158 
27 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
where they work with national staff to accomplish tasks based on specific themes. Technical Training Institute students are also given ongoing English language training, and engage in communication and interaction with national university students during overseas training. 
  
▲On-site explanation of an improvement example 
Toshikazu Nagai 
(in charge of Overseas Trainee (OT) program) 
Labor Management Team Labor Management Dept., Human Resources Div. 
   
Employee health and safety 
■ Workplace safety and health policies 
Determined to prevent even a single accident in our workplaces, in-plant business operators and Group companies are collaborating to achieve “zero accidents in all workplaces throughout Aichi” by focusing on comprehensive safety and health management. 
■ Initiatives to eliminate accidents resulting in lost work time 
We are transforming our safety culture and creating safe workplaces to eliminate accidents that result in lost work time and to ensure we never forget the lessons learned from the January 8 explosion. We are restructuring our workplace safety by preventing recurrence of fires and explosions, and improving workplaces that have high risk of serious accidents. We have also improved communication with in-plant operators, and have enhanced support systems by listening to any issues about work difficulties. 
■ Frequency and number of accidents and lost work time 
■ Creation of safety-conscious human resources through hands-on training 
As part of our efforts to enhance employee awareness of labor safety, we have created a facility for simulating danger, where employees can gain firsthand experience with the potential risks of day-to-day operations. Using dummy equipment to demonstrate the variety of dangers that can arise in the workplace, we work to enhance employee sensitivity to danger. To ensure we never forget the lessons we learned from the January 8 explosion, we deployed a furnace simulator training device in fiscal 2016 to enable workers to understand furnace mechanisms and experience their frightening power for themselves. All furnace workers have now received training on this device. 
▲In-furnace purging demonstration device 
▶Furnace simulator training 
■ Health promotion efforts 
The Aichi Steel Group works to maintain and promote the health of its entire Group workforce through concerted efforts by industrial physicians, public health nurses, nurses and health management staff. In fiscal 2016, we systematically implemented initiatives for the priority items of mental health, lifestyle-related disease prevention and health management support for employees assigned overseas. We will continue focusing on these areas to maintain and promote the health of our employees, which is a priority issue for the company. 
■ Mental health activities 
The Aichi Steel Group is working to maintain the mental health of its employees and prevent the development of mental issues, through various educational programs and individualized mental health care based on the results of stress check tests. 
During fiscal 2016, we also provided advice to workplaces that rated a high risk for mental health based on the results of these stress tests. We also collaborated with mental health consultants to offer ongoing on-site consultation to ensure early detection and treatment of employees with mental health issues. 
We will continue working with managers and supervisors to promote the creation of organization where views are aired freely helping to prevent mental health issues and ensure their early detection and care when they do arise. 
  
(Cases) 
5 4 3 2 1 0 
2011 2012 
2013 2014 
2015 2016 
(%) 
1.00 
0.75 
0.50 
0.25 
0.00 
(Fiscal year) 
  
0.68 0.66 
    
Number of accidents resulting in work time loss 
Work time loss frequency rate 
0.16 0.16 0.15 0.15 
  
Work inspections with top management 
During fiscal 2016, we carried out work inspections on furnaces in all our plants. Led by the chairman and president themselves, this company-wide initiative was implemented to help prevent any recurrence of an explosion by inspecting work 
procedures and offering advice following Toyota’s genchi genbutsu (on-site, hands-on experience) approach. 

■ Creation of safe worksites 
During fiscal 2016, we reassessed the risk associated with all of the company’s furnaces, we added interlock functions to all nonconforming furnaces, and we completed all measures to prevent recurrence of the January 8 explosion. 
We also continued our efforts to create safe worksites by ranking worksites according to risk assessments, and attempting to eliminate C and D rankings, the highest danger levels. As in last fiscal year, we tackled risks of being trapped or caught in equipment, the separation of people and vehicles, and prevention of electric shocks. 
AICHI STEEL REPORT 28 
