Priority Issue3 

Providing Highly Competitive Products that are Safe, Secure and Offer New Value Globally 
ISO 26000 6.7 Consumer issues SDG 
 
relevance 
relevance 

Materiality 
Products provided by the Aichi Steel Group are important parts directly related to automobile running, turning and stopping, and to offer customers greater peace of mind in using our products, it is essential that we provide a stable supply of high quality products. As we aim to become an integrated forging and steelmaking company that provides the world’s finest quality, we are working as one to build a globally competitive, leading quality assurance system to ensure our products gain the trust of our customers around the world. 


Quality management system (QMS) 

■ Activity promotion system 
In accordance with our policy of "Quality First," we will strive to maintain a business structure based on ISO 9001 that gains customer trust and enables us to deliver attractive products that meet expectations and needs. In line with our Long-term Quality Vision 2017, we are working as one to build a globally competitive, leading quality assurance system. In addition to domestic efforts, head office regularly sends people to overseas plants to strengthen quality assurance systems and provide appropriate assistance regarding the differing quality issues at each site. We are working to further improve the level of quality assurance at all sites. 
■ Long-term Quality Vision 2017 
■ Quality assurance system Board of Directors, Management Committee 
Quality Assurance Div. (ISO Review Committee) 
    
Quality Control Department for each plant 
Development and Production Engineering Department 
Other related departments (Sales, Purchasing, Human Resources etc.) 
Overseas Support Department 
Plant Departments 
   
Becoming an integrated forging and steelmaking company that provides the world's best quality -Gaining customer’s trusts on a global scale- 
1) Achieving a higher level of quality assurance by improving company-wide quality awareness 2) Strengthening global quality assurance system 
3) Promoting Total Quality Management (TQM) to build personnel familiar with quality 
■ Certification by third-party organizations and compliance with international standards 
In addition to ISO 9001 certification, we have also obtained other third-party quality certifications based on our QMS, and we are assessed on an annual or three-year basis for review of these certifications. 
■ Acquisition status of Quality ISO certification 
Our overseas subsidiary AMC (Czech Republic) newly acquired ISO 9001 certification this fiscal year. 
■ Non-ISO certification by third-party organizations 

1. Steel materials and forged products 
2. Electro-magnetic products 
3. Analysis and testing 
Passed 7th recertification audit for ISO 9001 (September) 
Passed surveillance audit for ISO 9001 (February) Passed surveillance audit for ISO13485 (February) 
Passed surveillance audit for ISO/IEC 17025 (June) 
		●  New JIS mark (by JICQA)  
		●  Marks issued by shipping classification associations  (NK, LR, GL, DNV, KR, CCS, CR, ABS)  
		●  European Pressure Equipment Directive (PED), Construction  Products Regulation (CPR)  
		●  European Medical Devices Directives (MDD Annex v.3.2)  
 
29 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
(Quality Technology Committee, etc.) 

Quality improvement initiatives 
■ Quality Rally 
November has been designated Quality Month. To deliver outstanding quality to customers at the next process, we have established a Quality Rally (to share quality cases among departments), events and exhibitions. Through these events, we work to spread the concepts of “Customer First” and “Full Participation” among all of our employees, and work to raise quality consciousness. 
■ Group company receives award 
In April 2016, Aichi Steel overseas subsidiary Aichi Forging Company of Asia, Inc. (now Aichi Forge Philippines, Inc./AFP) received the 2015 Most Improved in Quality Performance award from Toyota Autoparts Philippines, Inc. (TAP). 
The award recognized AFP as a supplier that made remarkable improvements during 2015 through its quality improvement activities. Other Group companies have also won a variety of awards (two APF awards, two AFT awards, 
and four SAFC awards). 
 

■ Collection of customer evaluations 
Every year, we collect customer evaluations of Aichi Steel through a survey rating quality, delivery and service on a five-level scale. If any areas drop below standard, we implement initiatives the following year to improve those areas and improve customer satisfaction. 
Number of 77 customers surveyed offices 
(All customers who were supplied with above a certain amount of steel materials and forged products) 
Promotion of CSR procurement 
■ Global, open and fair transactions 
In our transactions, we strive to provide all of our suppliers, at home and abroad, with procurement information and the opportunity for open, fair transactions. Actual transactions are determined based on a comprehensive review of quality, technology, cost and delivery times, as well as soundness of management, approach to and structures for ongoing improvement, and other factors. 
■ Mutual growth based on mutual trust 
Our relationships with our suppliers based on building and maintaining relationships of trust through close communication, and a basic approach that calls for us to grow together with our business partners and share the fruits of our mutual efforts. 
■ Training programs for sales staff 
Primarily focusing on newly-assigned and younger/mid-level employees, we have expanded curriculum aimed at further enhancement of skills, and strengthened our educational offerings from outside lecturers. Furthermore the Sales Division is working toward our stated goal of strengthening individuals and 
5strengthening our systems. programs per year 
19participants (All newly-assigned and younger staff) 
■ Legal compliance 
We comply with all relevant laws and regulations related to our purchasing activities, and ensure careful control over the confidential information of our suppliers. 
■ Green purchasing 
Since formulating the Aichi Steel Environmental Charter in 1996, we consider environmental preservation in all phases of our business activities, and work to continuously improve our environmental preservation activities. As part of the effort, in 2003 we established our Green Purchasing Guidelines, working to purchase products with minimal environmental impact and prioritize purchases from suppliers engaged in proactive environmental protection efforts. 

AICHI STEEL REPORT 30 
