Priority Issue4 

Strengthen Relationships with Local Communities, and Actively Contribute to Society 
ISO 26000 6.8 Community involvement SDG relevance and development relevance 
  

Materiality 
The Aichi Steel Group seeks prosperous coexistence with surrounding communities, is conscious of its role as a “good corporate citizen,” and is actively involved with the local community. We place importance on communication through our social contribution activities and other efforts, and by gaining the trust of communities and understanding of our business activities, we strive to be a company that is continually supported welcomed in the community. 


Social contribution policy 
■ Social contribution promotion system 
In pursuit of harmonious coexistence and co-prosperity, Aichi Steel promotes community-oriented activities focused around four key words: “clean,” “green,” “creative” and “volunteerism.” The Volunteer Center, located in the General Affairs Division, provides information and promotes educational activities with the aim of supporting employee volunteer activities. It also plans smaller-scale volunteer activities which employees can participate in, and encourages them to experience volunteering for themselves. During fiscal 2016, we increased participation in activities such as collection drives (ink cartridges) and in-house sales events. We also set a record with a total of 6,629 people participating, which was 715 more people than last year. 
■ Changes in the number of participants in volunteer activities 7,000 
   
6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 2012 
2013 2014 
      
In addition to holding the “Nearby roads clean-up campaign” every two months to help clean our neighborhoods, we have been holding Clean Aichi Day every October since 2009, together with employees of domestic and overseas subsidiaries, as one of Aichi Steel’s CSR Enhancement Month activities. 
2015 2016 
(FY) 
6,629 
(715 person increase year-on-year) 
Twice every year, students of the Aichi Steel Technical Training Institute plant flowers in the roundabout in front of Meitetsu Shurakuen Station, the station nearest our offices, as one of our activities to clean the neighborhood. 
Number of volunteers in FY2016: 
Green (planting and environmental conservation) 

Clean (beautification, safety, security) 

  
Nearby roads clean-up campaign Cle,an Aichi Day 
5events, 138volunteers 1226 31 AICHI STEEL REPORT 
volunteers 
▲Student planting of flowers in front of Meitetsu Shurakuen Station 
Number of participants in volunteer activities (cumulative) 
Creative (education, culture) 
Launched in 2010 to mark the 70th anniversary of our founding, every year we visit schools to present a “Lesson about Iron” to students. The project, which has been held 13 times, aims to teach elementary school fifth graders about the local industry of Tokai, the largest iron-producing region in central Japan. Through a lesson called “Making Magnets,” weofferafunwayforstudentsto experience manufacturing. 
Traffic safety awareness 
Aichi Steel conducts traffic safety awareness activities as a responsible manufacturer in the automobile industry. One of those activities is “Zero Day” safety patrols that each site continues to conduct. 
 
Creative lessons schools, 
, 2124 
12 33 
classes 
volunteers 
Volunteer support 

Established in 1993, the Aichi Steel Volunteer Fund continues to donate to local social welfare organizations and others and to provide support to disaster-affected areas, including after the Great East Japan Earthquake and the Kumamoto Earthquake. Another voluntary and ongoing program that employees can participate in is the “one-coin” donation program, where they donate 100 yen from their pays every month. Every employee at Aichi Steel is helping drive our volunteer activities. In fiscal 2016, we started a new initiative called the “Volunteering and Welfare Hands-on Classroom” to enable employees to participate as volunteers in the local community, and to better understand social welfare. 

In-house events have included support activities such as wanko soba challenges, an all-you-can-eat noodle challenge popular in Iwate Prefecture, and Tohoku produce sales. 
  
Through the Aichi Steel Volunteer Fund, and company donations from our matching gift program, we have donated items needed by various organizations. 
Our volunteers have experienced wheelchairs and working as transportation volunteers. 
 
▲Donation from the Aichi Steel Volunteer Fund ▲Volunteering and Welfare Hands-on Classroom 
518 volunteers ◀Community meeting 
Interaction with the community 
■ Holding and participating in events 
We hold community meetings once a year in the cities of Tokai and Kariya, where we promote exchanges with residents of the local communities and actively participate in a variety of local volunteer activities. We also support activities involving festivals, sports days and other local events in the communities surrounding our sites, and dispatch employees to assist with the operation of those events. 
We also invite local residents to events held at our headquarters and plants, and work to encourage interaction with our employees. 
▶ 
Shiawase Mura: Support for production workshops for parents and children at Momiji Matsuri 
▲In-house event to support disaster-affected areas “One-coin” donation 
  
AICHI STEEL REPORT 32 
