 Our Innovation Highlights
01
for Society
Network cameras watch over the streets of Yokohama
We are contributing to secure living with new infrastructure to combat increasingly diverse urban crime.
Urbanization is progressing rapidly throughout the world, and it is predicted
that the world’s total urban population will increase from 50% of the current
global population to around 70% by 2050. Meanwhile, threats to human life
and the security of businesses, such as increasing urban crime, armed terrorism
against the backdrop of globalization, and cyberattacks accompanying
advances in information technology, are diversifying. As the movement of
people and goods increases, a review of the maintenance and management
of urban spaces, and the development of new infrastructure that protects
personal safety and security are needed in order to respond to these growing
risks, secure the safety of cities, and create living spaces where everyone can 150 continue to live sustainably.
     Japan will be hosting large-scale sports events such as Rugby World Cup 2019TM, Japan and the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020, and along with urban redevelopment in each region, the number of travelers from overseas is expected to increase substantially. Maintaining public safety and securing the stability and security of infrastructure are important issues for the success of these events.
100
50
0
Compound average growth rate in network cameras
14.3%
2020 2021 (Year)
Ongoing Expansion of the Global Network Camera Market
(millions of units)
   15 Canon Sustainability Report 2018
2016 2017
2018 2019
Source: “Video Surveillance Intelligence Service,” IHS Markit Technology (published December 2017). Data for 2017 are estimates; those for later years are forecasts.Message from Canon Operations CSR Management Activity Highlights CSR Reporting Management Management and Sustainability Structure
We are contributing to crime prevention and increased convenience with network cameras.
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance   Combining cameras and IT, network cameras are part of the new infrastructure to ensure the safety and security of cities, enabling remote monitoring of public spaces and a more rapid response to threats to public safety. Meanwhile, demand for network cameras has grown and global markets are expanding at an annual average of more than 10%. Network cameras have a variety of practical applications. They can, for example, contribute to the improvement of quality and productivity at a production site, analyze the flow of customers from video feeds and thus lead to improvements in product sales, or monitor the daily activities of the elderly.
Network cameras for transportation hubs
 Canon has positioned network cameras as one of the new business
pillars in Phase V of its Excellent Global Corporation Plan. We have
launched solutions that utilize optical and image-processing technologies cultivated in our camera business along with network control technologies cultivated through the development of our office multifunctional devices, and made it available worldwide for disaster prevention, crime prevention, and surveillance. In addition, we recently welcomed Axis of Sweden, a leader in the network camera industry, and Milestone Systems, one of the world’s largest video management software companies, into the Canon Group, and their expertise is now helping us open up possibilities in a wide range of fields, including medical care, nursing care, education, transportation, and urban planning. For example, in Yokohama, which has a population of 3.7 million people, Canon and Axis network cameras are contributing to secure and safe urban planning, such as through incident and accident prevention at large events, and other safety measures that include rapid real-time assessment capability in the case of an urban disaster.
 Our Achievements
Silhouette indication for privacy
   In addition to safety and security, the ability of network cameras
to provide added-value images presents a number of potential
applications in such fields as customer service and market
research. Canon has launched Moving Object Mask software
that displays individuals within a selected area as silhouettes so
they cannot be identified, thereby enabling both privacy and
safety. Because captured images contain a great deal of information
which can be used to identify specific subjects, this product has
potential for use in a variety of scenarios—for example, users
can confirm such information as congestion status or queue
lengths at train stations, bus stops or taxi ranks while the privacy
of those viewed by the cameras is protected by the silhouette effect.
This enables users to select effective detour routes and consider transport usage periods, thus contributing to better customer service as well as helping to avert danger by avoiding congestion. In this way, Canon will continue striving to deliver new kinds of video recording and analysis solutions.
 Subjects displayed as silhouettes
Canon Sustainability Report 2018 16