          Our Innovation Highlights
03
for the Earth
Message from Canon Operations Management and Sustainability
Our Achievements
CSR Management
Activity Highlights
CSR Reporting
Management Structure
Third-Party Opinion / Assurance
        Pursuing maximum resource efficiency, the state-of-the-art Canon Eco Technology Park is the future of recycling.
     The newly opened Canon Eco Technology Park
Supporting Canon’s product-to-product recycling initiatives are two processes: remanufacturing, which involves turning post-use MFDs into products with good-as-new quality; and closed loop recycling to create new toner cartridges using plastics recycled from collected toner cartridges.
Completed in 2017, the Canon Eco Technology Park employs an abundance of technologies to optimize these processes.
For example, in the Canon Automated Recycling System for Toner Cartridges (CARS-T), used toner cartridges are crushed and the materials are automatically separated using their different physical characteristics. It is a system that can recycle plastic with sorting purity of 99% or greater (According to Canon sorting methods).
A clean and silent operation, the CARS-T process also ensures there are no messy toner leaks from the sealed process units.
With the Canon Automated Recycling System for Ink Cartridges (CARS-I), a camera-based automatic identification and sorting process is applied to the used ink cartridges as they are transported on a conveyor belt. The entire production line is automated, yielding a fully integrated process for the recycling of cartridges from disassembly and pulverization to washing.
Equipped with the most-advanced technologies and facilities, the Canon Eco Technology Park is also designed to operate in harmony with its natural surroundings. The site features extensive greenery. A bird bath has been installed as part of the Canon Bird Branch Project (→P63), along with network cameras to monitor bird life in the local ecosystem.
The Canon Eco Technology Park is the most technologically sophisticated recycling facility in the Canon Group and serves as
a hub for Group environmental activities. The facility will also offer a plant field trip course for primary and secondary school students that includes Canon’s automated toner and ink cartridge recycling programs and a showroom describing such environmental initiatives as the Canon Bird Branch Project, along with a variety of visual and hands-on contents.
Canon Automated Recycling System for Toner Cartridges (CARS-T)
Canon Automated Recycling System for Ink Cartridges (CARS-I): camera-based technology used for automatic sorting of post-use ink cartridges
Recycling programs are outlined in the showroom
 We are pursuing advanced recycling initiatives to support a sustainable society for future generations.
The effective use of finite resources is essential for sustainable consumption and production. Many initiatives worldwide are promoting greater resource efficiency and the circular economy. The aim is to enable future generations to be able to enjoy sustainable lifestyles by restricting the use of new resources through the repeated reuse or recycling of existing resources.
Canon has undertaken resource-recycling initiatives on an ongoing basis with the aim of maximizing resource efficiency. As part of this, Canon is pursuing ways of adding value to resources through “product-to-product recycling.” To undertake such initiatives, Canon has established five recycling centers in four regions around the world to hone related recycling technologies.
Construction of the Canon Eco Technology Park was completed in 2017. Equipped with a state-of-the-art automatic recycling line, this facility aims to carry out more advanced and resource-efficient product-to-product recycling. In marked contrast to the conventional image of a recycling plant, the design concept for the Canon Eco Technology Park is “clean and silent.” Canon remains committed to continually advancing resource recycling.
Canon Dalian Business Machines, Inc. (PRC)
Canon Virginia, Inc. (Americas)
       Canon Giessen GmbH Canon Bretagne S.A.S. (Europe)
Canon Ecology Industry Inc. (Japan)
 19 Canon Sustainability Report 2018
Canon Sustainability Report 2018 20