 Our Innovation Highlights
04
for the Earth
Office multifunction devices with reduced CO2 emissions related to produce use stage
We are combating climate change through greater operational efficiency as we continue our quest to support enriched lifestyles and global environmental protection.
 Recent years have seen a global increase in natural disasters caused by extreme weather events thought to be the result of climate change. Cyclones, hurricanes, torrential rain, droughts, and heat waves are having a major impact on human life.
Countries are taking action to tackle this issue, based on the Paris Agreement that came into force in 2016. Within the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by the United Nations in 2015, SDG 13 specifies the need to “Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts.” One of the targets listed under SDG 7 is that of improving global energy efficiency.
Recognizing the link between its business activities, energy consumption, and CO2 emissions, Canon has been working to lower CO2 emissions at every stage of the product lifecycle since before the creation of this international framework. Canon has received high praise for its continued efforts to reduce CO2 emissions caused by customer product use and to make its production sites more energy efficient.
Developing more compact products is another approach to CO2 emissions reduction. Not only does it cut the emissions attributed to the raw materials and component production stages, but the higher loading efficiency of containers due to more compact products translates into reductions in CO2 emissions caused by transport.
Our continual improvements resulted in a reduction in the average lifecycle CO2 emissions per product of more than 35% in 2017 compared to 2008.
Lifecycle CO2 emissions (Canon Group)
      21 Canon Sustainability Report 2018
Customer use
37% Raw materials / Component production
Logistics Site operations
43%
7.56 million t-CO2
5% 15%Message from Canon Operations CSR Management Activity Highlights CSR Reporting Management and Sustainability
Management Third-Party Structure Opinion / Assurance Our Achievements
By developing more compact, lighter products, we are lowering CO2 emissions at every stage, from site operations to logistics and customer use.
   Reducing CO2 emissions attributed to product use
Newly developed features of Canon’s imageRUNNER ADVANCE C5550F II office multifunction device (MFD) include a main controller that cuts standby power consumption, and an upgraded toner
with improved melting characteristics to lower operating power consumption. With a lower TEC value than previous MFDs, the model lowers CO2 emissions attributed to the customer use stage by approximately 47%.
Introducing energy-saving technologies across production sites
Efforts to reduce energy consumption also involve detailed reviews of the operating conditions on factory production lines and at other facilities, based on building energy management system (BEMS) data. For instance, optimizing compressor air pressures yields a 10% cut in yearly energy consumption. Applying such approaches to Group production sites worldwide, Canon has made more than 4,000 improvements between 2014 and 2017.
Lowering CO2 emissions with compact product design
Within the PIXMA series of consumer-use inkjet printers, the TS8100 series model is about 44% smaller and roughly 29% lighter than the equivalent 2011 model, translating into a 26% reduction in CO2 emissions attributed to raw materials. Greater compactness also increases container loading efficiency by 25%, translating into a reduction in CO2 emissions during transport of approximately 23%.
Awards received by the Canon Group
Office MFDs featuring reduced operating power consumption
Reducing the pressure of compressed air helps lower energy consumption during production
More compact and lightweight inkjet printers
Canon Australia was accredited as a Gold Partner in the Sustainability Advantage Program sponsored by the Office of Environment and Heritage, a department of the state government of New South Wales.
      In the ENERGY STAR® awards for 2018, sponsored by the US Environmental Protection Authority (EPA), Canon USA received “Partner of the Year – Product Brand Owner” award for the third year running for its efforts to promote energy conservation and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
The 2018 ENERGY STAR® award ceremony
Canon was awarded the Agency for Natural Resources and Energy Director- General’s Prize for initiatives to improve energy efficiency in the annual energy conservation awards sponsored by the Energy Conservation Center, Japan
for FY2017.
Energy Conservation Grand Prize ceremony
The Sustainability Advantage Program award ceremony
   Canon Sustainability Report 2018 22