Contributing to a Society in Harmony with Nature
We launched the Canon Bird Branch Project, which encourages consideration of the “Cycle of Life”, as one of the various activities based on our Biodiversity Policy that we promote worldwide.
Canon’s Initiatives and Their Relation to Sustainable Development Goal (SDGs) Targets
Target 15.2: Promote the implementation of sustainable management of all types of forests, halt deforestation, restore degraded forests and substantially increase afforestation and reforestation globally
Target 15.5: Take urgent and significant action to reduce the degradation of natural habitats, halt the loss of biodiversity and, by 2020, protect and prevent the extinction of threatened species
  Contributing to a Society in Harmony with Nature
 Canon’s Biodiversity Policy
Canon recognizes biodiversity as essential for a sustainable society. We carry out various activities to conserve and protect biodiversity under our Biodiversity Policy, which applies to the entire Canon Group.
Canon Bird Branch Project
Biodiversity refers to the way living things interact as they coexist on earth. Within this sphere, birds occupy the top position in a local ecosystem pyramid of plants, insects, and small animals, symbolizing the cycle of life. In line with this concept, Canon promotes the Bird Branch Project as a symbol of the activities it conducts based on its Biodiversity Policy.
A part of Bird Branch Project, a wild habitant has been created at Canon Global Headquarters in Tokyo, including the installation of nest boxes and bird baths within the campus grounds. Moreover, we have regularly conducted bird surveys, such as a bird monitoring with network cameras and a spot census recording the number and species of birds at fixed locations.
In 2016, Canon Group plants at Toride, Susono and Oita joined the Bird Branch Project, along with the Kawasaki Office. Wild bird surveys are conducted at each of these sites in collaboration with the Wild Bird Society of Japan. The Rustic Bunting, a bird species classified as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List, has been spotted within the grounds of the Toride site.
We plan to increase the number of operational sites participating in the project as part of our efforts to conserve and protect biodiversity.
Reference: Bird Branch Project website https://global.canon/en/environment/bird-branch/index.html
63 Canon Sustainability Report 2018
● Biodiversity Policy, Basic Policy on the Procurement of Timber Products
● Bird Branch Project
● Preservation of natural habitats and biodiversity
● Forest preservation, tree-planting initiativesTarget 15.2Target 15.5
 Target 15.5
  Target 15.5
  Target 15.2
 Biodiversity Policy
Basic Policy
Canon fully recognizes biodiversity as an important basis for a sustainable society, and promotes activities that contribute to biodiversity conservation.
Action Guidelines
Canon strives to conserve biodiversity with consideration for various regional characteristics from a global perspective. Canon actively works to reduce the impact on biodiversity associated with various business activities, and to
conduct social-contribution activities that lead to biodiversity conservation.
Specific Actions
“Utilization of Canon technologies and products for biodiversity conservation”
Support for biodiversity conservation activities and projects “Consideration for biodiversity centered on operational sites” Ascertaining the impact of our business activities on biodiversity, and conservation of animal and plant habitats around operational sites
“Contribution to the realization of a community rich
in biodiversity”
Promotion of biodiversity conservation activities and educational activities in collaboration with local communities        Message from Management
Canon Operations and Sustainability
CSR Management
Activity Highlights
Management Third-Party Structure Opinion / Assurance
CSR Reporting
        Installing a nesting box at Canon’s head office in Shimomaruko
Initiatives to Support Continuous Use of Sustainable Forestry Resources within Value Chain To help support biodiversity, Canon promotes the use of sustainable forestry resources as the raw materials for paper production within the value chain. We have set procurement policies favoring the purchase of paper products derived from sustainably sourced wood pulp. Moreover, the office paper we sell is made under forest certification schemes or using environmentally conscious raw materials.
Utilization of Canon Technologies
and Products to Support Biodiversity Introducing the Habits of Wildlife through Photos “WILDLIFE AS CANON SEES IT” environmental advertisement series in National Geographic magazine
Canon believes that communicating the importance and beauty of nature to people around the world through its proprietary imaging technologies will lead to wider appreciation of the importance of biodiversity conservation.
Our environmental advertisement “WILDLIFE AS CANON SEES IT” has been running in National Geographic magazine since April 1981. Through photographs, we introduce the habits of wildlife that normally would be difficult to observe, and show the natural environment they live in.
As part of the Canon Bird Branch Project, we created a website to introduce our environmental initiatives in this area and to explain the ecology of wild birds using photographs. The site also provides tips on photographing birds in the wild and related etiquette. The information on the site aims to help customers use Canon products more effectively when observing nature while respecting natural surroundings.
Canon’s network cameras are also helping to monitor wildlife and their habitats as part of conservation initiatives. We donated a VB-R12VE network camera with 360 ̊ continuous panning capabilities to the Wild Bird Society of Japan (WBSJ) for installation on the outer wall of the Nature Center at the Tokyo Port Wild Bird Park. The cameras are being used for daily observation of herons, cormorants, sandpipers and other types of waterfowl, and it is hoped that some rare bird species will be observed as well.
Reference: WILDLIFE AS CANON SEES IT https://global.canon/en/ad/wild/index.html
Expressing the ecology of wild animals through photos
Environment
  Basic Policy on the Procurement of
Timber Products
1. Use sustainable forest materials
In its procurement of timber products, the Canon Group uses materials supplied from forest resources managed exclusively for use as timber products.
2. Trace the origin of forest resources used
We seek the cooperation of business partners to ensure the traceability of products throughout the manufacturing process, from the harvest of raw materials onward.
3. Confirm evidence of traceability
Canon works with its business partners to ensure the traceability of materials used in Canon products (or OEM products) and their packaging that are subject to timber product regulations in each country.
 Canon Sustainability Report 2018 64
Site-Based Biodiversity Conservation Initiatives
The Canon Eco Technology Park (→P20) that opened in 2018 on the grounds of Canon Ecology Industry features extensive green landscaping. Tree and shrub species native to the area in Ibaraki Prefecture have been planted onsite. A bird bath has also been installed as part of the Canon Bird Branch Project, along with network cameras to help monitor the local bird population.
The bird bath installed inside Canon Eco Technology Park
Contributing to the Realization of
a Community Rich in Biodiversity
Leaving an Abundant Home for Our Children through the Children Furusato Project—Linking Our Dream to the Future
In Japan, Canon promotes an environmental conservation and environmental education project known as the Furusato Project—Linking Our Dream to the Future, with the aim of passing on a beautiful, verdant, and biologically diverse furusato (hometown) for future generations to enjoy.
Through this project, Canon stakeholders, including employees and their families, customers, and business partners, forge links with NPOs and regional community members across Japan to carry out environmental conservation activities and environmental education programs. To help finance these activities, we promote initiatives closely linked with our business activities, such as donating funds according to the amount of used ink cartridges collected or the volume of paper sold.
In 2017, activities aimed at educating people about the importance of biodiversity and preserving the environment were conducted 45 times across Japan. Specifically, 667 participants were involved in such activities as planting trees, preserving terraced rice paddies, restoring abandoned fields, and conducting ecological surveys.
In 2017, in recognition of the breadth and longevity of Canon’s programs of future-focused environmental activities, Canon received the Minister’s Award, Ministry of the Environment in the 5th Contest for Corporate Activities on Biodiversity (sponsored by the Contest for Corporate Activities on Biodiversity Committee; supported by the Ministry of the Environment and the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries). In 2018, this project was accredited by The Tokyo Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games as part of “Tokyo 2020 Nationwide Participation Programme”.
Furusato Project—Linking Our Dream to the Future Activity Locations through 2017
  65 Canon Sustainability Report 2018
10
❶ Asahikawa, Hokkaido ❷ Osaki, Miyagi
❸ Ushiku, Ibaraki
❹ Hachioji, Tokyo
❺ Mishima, Shizuoka
❻ Kahoku District, Ishikawa
❼ Kanzaki District, Hyogo
❽ Maniwa, Okayama
❾ Yamagata District, Hiroshima
➓ Oita City, Oita
Morinet Hokkaido
Tambo
Asaza Fund
The Lifestyle Research Institute of Forests Groundwork Mishima
Kahokugata Lake Institute
Tanada LOVER’s
Maniwa Heritage Society
Natural History Society of the West Chugoku Mountains
Oita Environmental Conservation Forum
6 987
43 5
1
2        Message from Canon Operations Management and Sustainability
CSR Management
Activity Highlights
Management Third-Party Structure Opinion / Assurance
      Initiatives in Canada
Canon Canada Branch Out Program
Canon Canada began the Branch Out Program in 2014 as an environmental initiative to help employees from the head office and sales offices across the country give back to their local communities. Once a year, Canon Canada employees turn out to participate in a range of activities, such as cleaning up parks or rivers, or planting trees. To date, the program has helped to plant more than 30,000 trees across 45 locations while clearing over 1,200m3 of non-native vegetation. In 2017, around 450 employees took part in Branch Out activities in 13 cities across the country, from east (Quebec City, Quebec) to west (Vancouver, B.C.), including Brampton, Ontario, where Canon Canada’s head office is located. Outfitted in specially designed “Branch Out” T-shirts, teams of volunteers cleaned up parks and rivers, planted over 600 trees, cleared non-native vegetation, and made nesting boxes for birds, among other activities. The 2017 program featured biodiversity conservation and pollination support projects, including activities to survey specific habitats.
Initiatives in China
Project to Plant 563 Protected Trees
Canon contributed to a green landscaping program by the Zhongshan Torch High-tech Industrial Development Zone with tree-planting activities around its operational site.
In collaboration with government staff from the development zone, around 130 Canon Zhongshan Business Machines employees helped to plant 563 trees, including Aquilaria (lign-aloes) tree varieties that are protected under Chinese law.
Initiatives in Thailand
Water Conservation Project Targeting Chao Phraya River in Ayutthaya Province
Canon Hi-Tech (Thailand) participated in a water conservation project targeting the Chao Phraya River, in cooperation with local authorities of the Prasattong region, the Hi-Tech Industrial Association, the Royal Irrigation Department, and members of the local community.
80 of the 300 participants in the project were Canon Hi-Tech (Thailand) employees. About 25 tons of common water hyacinth, which were invading the environs of the river, were removed to help protect local biodiversity and improve the scenery (landscape).
Water conservation activities (Thailand)
Tree-planting activity (Canada)
CSR Reporting
  Environment
  Canon Sustainability Report 2018 66