Business Model
Strength: Human Resources
Supporting women’s active participation
We believe that an equal ratio of men and women among our employees and among our managerial staff is one yardstick of our vision for women’s active participation. In our General Business Owner Action Plan required under the Act on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace, which came into force in 2016, we have set a goal of at least 10% female managerial staff in 2020, and we have been actively promoting initiatives. In 2017, we received the highest “Eruboshi” certification (three stars) as a company making excellent progress implementing initiatives for the active involvement of female employees.
In April 2019, women accounted for over 10% of managerial staff at Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma, achieving the goal set in 2016 ahead of schedule (12.2% as of April 2020).
Supporting active participation
by people with disabilities through appropriate placement
Cocowork Co. Ltd., which was established in July 2018 to support independence of people with mental disabilities and accredited as a special subsidiary in May 2019, uses solar-powered hydroponics to cultivate leafy vegetables which are shipped to supermarkets and restaurants once harvested.
We have also set up massage rooms at our head offices in Tokyo and Osaka, and employ people with disabilities who hold a masseur license (a national qualification). In addition, we have distributed iPads to hearing impaired employees to support communication in the workplace by using a speech to text recognition app.
As of June 1, 2020, our rate of employment of people with disabilities was 2.25%.
Related SDGs
Training and development of employees
DSP Academy, for training selected employees, and overseas training with open recruitment We established the DSP Academy in July 2016, which is a career grade-specific training program. The Academy provides extensive learning opportunities to highly talented and ambitious students, from young employees to mid-career employees as well as managers. One of the academy's programs is the "Management school" where the chairman fosters future top-level managers as the principal. In the five years from fiscal 2016, 400 students are expected to complete the program. Training participants develop a comprehensive view of business overall from a broad perspective and the imagination to create new value.
The HR Strategy Meeting plays a major role in this development and selection of the next generation of leaders. The HR Strategy Meeting, which consists of all the Directors, some of the Executive Officers together with division heads as necessary, has been held regularly with over one hundred meetings during the past ten years. At each meeting, human resource-related issues are discussed, including work style reform, diversity and the selection of candidates for the next generation of leaders.
In addition, in fiscal 2017, we started an overseas training program with in-house recruitment. The program’s objective is to place promising young employees in environments with different industries and cultures, and provide them with early experience in overcoming challenges through their own efforts, thereby instilling resilient courage. In the three-year period of the program up until April 2019, eight talented young employees had been dispatched overseas. We hope that the program will not only have an effect on the growth of the participants themselves, but also on fostering an organizational culture of challenge.
Talent Management for strategically placing employees and promoting human resource development
In April 2018, we adopted a talent management system for maximizing the performance of our employees
    31 Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020
(talents) and systematically understanding and supervising various employees possess which skills, assets, and capacities. Utilizing the talent management system, we encourage employees to take steps toward their own career planning and autonomous self-improvement. We also have supervisors and direct reports work together to design customized development plans in order to realize human resources development and the proper placement of personnel, while striving to maximize results.
Starting from fiscal 2019, we introduced a many-sided diagnosis based on the belief that in order to further enhance the management skills of officers it is important to objectively identify the characteristics of the officers themselves and increase their trust and credibility among the people around them, including their supervisors and direct reports.
Developing human resources through application of Research Project system
In October 2017, we renamed our research organization the Drug Research Division and applied a “Research Project System” to accelerate the creation of innovative pharmaceutical products. Under this system, Project Leaders with budget authority are selected and are involved in the research project from the early stage through the later stages.
Project Leaders are selected irrespective of age and experience based on factors such as themes and enthusiasm and given budget authority and personnel
evaluation authority. The management of research projects with discretionary authority leads to the development of human resources.
Instilling group-wide awareness of CHANTO: delivery of best performance
Under the MTBP we are currently implementing, our basic policy is building a flexible and efficient organization instilled with CHANTO: Delivery of best performance. Our concept of “CHANTO” refers to the capability to continuously create and deliver innovation to people, while transforming our organization in flexible ways to adapt to changes in the world.
Whenever possible, we communicate this approach to the employees in the words of the President himself.
Related SDGs
Profile Value Creation Strategies CSR-Based Management Financial Section
    Comment from Project Leader
In January 2020, a Phase 1 clinical study for DSP-1181 was initiated in Japan. DSP-1181 was created using Artificial Intelligence (AI) and development is planned for the indication of obsessive compulsive disorder. DSP-1181 has attracted attention because the exploratory research, which requires an industry average of four and a half years, was achieved in less than twelve months.
I have been driving DSP-1181 forward as Project Leader since October 2017. Due to the introduction of the Research Project System, we lead evaluation of the efficacy of compounds and decide which compounds to advance as a Project, which accelerated decision making. It’s a very agile system, and I feel that it will also increase motivation toward drug discovery.
DSP-1181 is a compound that was created from the chance encounters of diverse people, ideas, and passions. I want to use my experience as Project Leader in drug discovery and clinical development going forward to deliver innovative new drugs to patients as quickly as possible.
Tatsuya Ishikawa
Clinical Research, Drug Development Division and Research Planning & Coordination, Drug Research Division
 Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020 32