Contribution to Societies
Contributing to global health and improving access to medicines
 In recent years, expectations for pharmaceutical companies related to contributing to improving access to medicines have increased further. Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma has identified “Improvement of healthcare infrastructure in developing countries” and “Initiatives to improve access to medicines” as material issues, and we believe that working on establishment of healthcare systems in developing countries, training and developing human resources, and educating the public will not only contribute to achieving the SDGs, but also lead to an increase in our presence as a global pharmaceutical company.
Related SDGs
Main initiatives in FY2019
Vaccine development
Home visit by a maternal and child health volunteer (Cambodia)
        The preclinical development project for a new malaria transmission-blocking vaccine (TBV), which Ehime University and Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma are jointly conducting with PATH of the United States was awarded a grant from the Global Health Innovative Technology Fund (the “GHIT Fund”). Success in this project will promote development aimed at a pioneering malaria TBV. We also concluded an agreement with the National Institutes of Biomedical Innovation, Health and Nutrition for joint research aiming at the practical application of an influenza vaccine that provides broader protection against influenza viruses. We aim to create a highly innovative next-generation vaccine that protects against various subtypes of influenza including not only seasonal but also pandemic influenza.
Participation in Access Accelerated
The Access Accelerated partnership initiative by organizations around the world, including global pharmaceutical companies, City Cancer Challenge, and PATH, launched Phase 2 for 2020 – 2022 to follow Phase 1 for 2017 – 2019. Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma has participated since the launch of Access Accelerated in 2017. Together with governments and local NGOs in the focus countries (Kenya, Ghana, and Vietnam), we are working for public education and pharmaceutical deregulation in disease areas with high local needs (non-communicable diseases such as cancer, heart disease, and diabetes) aiming for further strategic improvements in access to pharmaceuticals.
Initiatives for safe delivery and sound child growth
From July 2016, we have worked with NPOs, local governments, and the community to provide a health improvement program for mothers and children in Cambodia’s Kampong Cham Province. The following activities were conducted in fiscal 2019.
• Trained 55 Community Care volunteers for Mothers and New-borns (CCMN) • Visited the homes of 350 antenatal women and 298 postnatal women
• Held practical cooking workshop for preparing highly nutritious baby food five times with participation by 124 local women
Initiatives aimed at appropriate use of antibiotics and countermeasures to antimicrobial resistance (AMR)
In June 2019, we commenced a drug susceptibility study targeting several medical facilities in Vietnam aimed at the appropriate use of antibiotics and countermeasures to antimicrobial resistance (AMR). Through the joint implementation of the study and sharing of its results, we aim to further spread awareness about the importance of using drug susceptibility data in routine testing as information for making decisions to select the best antibiotics for treatment in each medical institution.
Initiatives for unapproved and off-label drugs
As an initiative to provide new treatment options in areas with high unmet medical needs, Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma puts an emphasis on responding to requests for development of unapproved and off-label drugs. We developed an intravenous drip infusion indicated for conditioning treatment prior to autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for pediatric malignant solid tumors for which we obtained approval in March 2019 and launched in May 2019.
Initiatives to improve medicine-related literacy
Using pharmaceuticals with a proper appreciation and understanding of treatment methods and adverse reactions is very important in improving access to medicines. In addition to providing “Kusuri-no-shiori,” “Instructional Leaflets,” and guidance for patients using our pharmaceuticals and their families to promote appropriate use, we strive to educate the public through our health information site and by holding public lectures (24 lectures in fiscal 2019).
      61 Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020