Value Chain
Contribution to Societies
Local community contribution, including supporting education of the next generation
 Providing learning opportunities leveraging our strengths as a pharmaceutical company Since fiscal 2012, we have been providing visiting lectures at junior high and high schools. As medical technology continues to progress, we believe that bioethics is important in junior high and high school education as a discipline that does not offer simple right or wrong answers.
Using an original program on bioethics and incorporating the particular perspective that a biology-related corporation can offer, Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma employees deliver visiting lectures. As a program that fosters young learners’ abilities to think, feel, and empathize, the program has been highly praised by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and by classroom teachers. In fiscal 2019, participating students numbered approximately 1,800 at 25 schools, with 43 of our employees serving as instructors. We plan to launch a new program using the theme of genome analysis in the autumn of fiscal 2020.
We also host visits by junior high school students who have applied to learn about Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma’s initiatives on the SDGs, introducing them to our goal of contributing to achieving the targets of the SDGs through the practice of our Corporate Philosophy as well as the creation of medicines, which is our business.
These initiatives stimulate the interest of children in science, and we believe that in addition to enhancing the quality of local community education, they also increase trust in our company and pave the way to obtaining the outstanding human resources of the future.
43 25schools /
1,800attendees 63 Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020
Publishing the SUKOYAKA Compass Website
Since fiscal 2012, Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma has published SUKOYAKA Compass as a part of our website aimed at the children who will be forging the future and their families. Through SUKOYAKA Compass, children learn about the importance of understanding and using medicines correctly, and we also hope that they develop an interest in medicine and that it helps with education about medicines.
Through SUKOYAKA Compass, we publish diverse content, including “Kusuri-no-i-ro-ha,” which introduces information such as the action of medicines and the process for the creation of medicines, “O-kusuri Q&A,” which explains things like how to use medicines in a Q&A format, “Kusuri no Jiyu Kenkyu Guide,” which provides a guide to methods of independent research on medicines and ways of organizing research, “Kusuri no Shigoto Zukan,” which introduces work at a pharmaceutical company and the work of a pharmacist, and “Kusuri no Chosen,” which introduces the cutting-edge research at Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma. In fiscal 2019, we newly added “Gekkan Karada Column,” which introduces topics related to the body and health that are related to the daily lives of junior high school students. We will continue providing columns that help to maintain and improve the health of junior high school students and counter poor physical health.
Related SDGs
       SUKOYAKA Compass (Only available in Japanese) https://www.ds-pharma.co.jp/sukoyaka/
Scoppi, the navigator on SUKOYAKA Compass