Society and Community
    Promotion of
Health and Productivity Management
Health Management Activities
We conduct regular and special health examinations, stress checks, new employee training, mental health seminars, branch office patrols, walking events, and influenza vaccinations every year. In FY 2021, we provided COVID-19 vaccines in workplaces for workers who wanted them.
Workplace Improvement
Activities
Based on the results of the stress check, for workplaces that have been identified as needing improvement, we conduct workplace improvement activities such as interviews with the support of occupational health nurses, and meetings with managers.
Providing stress checks are a legal obligation, however, workplace improvement activities are not essential. However, the SANYO DENKI Group actively performed workplace improvement activities, and as a result of these initiatives, we were able to reduce the number of departments subject to improvements by 38% over five years.
 SANYO DENKI Group Health Management Declaration
SANYO DENKI group companies work together to engage in creating a workplace where our employees can maintain and promote physical and mental health and in health promotion. Further, we contribute to society to make use of our accumulated technologies and products since its founding in the promotion of health of all employees involved in SANYO DENKI Group.
Chairperson of Health and Productivity Management Committee Chairman of the Board & CEO SANYO DENKI CO., LTD.
Shigeo Yamamoto
37
Based on the corporate philosophy of helping all people achieve happiness and working with people to make their dreams come true, the SANYO DENKI Group aim to be a company that helps every employee achieve self-fulfillment through their work and life at the company.
The SANYO DENKI Group Health Management Declaration declares that we are committed to health management across the group based on the belief that having work environment where employees work with vigor and enthusiasm and perform to the best of their abilities will result in contributing to medium- and long-term growth of SANYO DENKI Group and to society.
Specific goal based on health challenges
SANYO DENKI Group works on following goals based on the SANYO DENKI Group Health Management Declaration.
1 Provide a comfortable workplace and eliminate a workplace with increased risks for health
We perform stress check tests on a regular basis and provide feedback on the results of these tests. For a workplace with increased risks for health, we work to reduce health risks through workplace improvement activities supported by health nurses.
2 Improvement rate in abnormal findings - 100% year over year
For employees who have abnormal findings during health checkups, we provide them with health guidance or encourage them to seek medical attention to improve their health. We also support diet modifications by providing health-promoting menus at the staff cafeterias.
3 Rate of improvement in exercise habits - 100% year over year
We increase employees􏰀opportunities to do physical exercise and encourage them to make it a habit by conducting a questionnaire on awareness of exercises and walking events.
Establishment of Health and
Productivity Management Committee
The Health and Productivity Management Committee was established in April 2021 with the aim of maintaining and improving the health of employees. By engaging in a range of health-related activities, this committee will promote the creation of workplaces and health promoting activities that enable employees to maintain and improve their physical and mental health.
Industrial Health System
Occupational health nurses are stationed at the Head Office and Ueda Works to support both physical and mental health of employees in cooperation with industrial physicians.
We have established a consultation desk system for early detection of people with poor health condition, including activities related to improving the health of employees.
Venue for occupational vaccinations against COVID-19 (Fujiyama Works)Improvement of Employee’s Awareness of Health
In order for each employee to maintain and improve their health, it is important to improve their awareness of health
issues. Occupational health nurses prepare Health Report, which provides health-related information to employees on a regular basis, and publish it on the company􏰀s intranet site and the bulletin board at the factory to help improve employees􏰀health consciousness.■ Dietary Initiatives
– Environmental Efforts –
We renewed the menus at the staff cafeteria in the Ueda Works and incorporated health-friendly dishes. We continue to provide healthier and tastier menu items while incorporating employees􏰀opinions.
■ Initiatives to Improve Exercise Habits – Implementation of Walking Event –
We have been holding walking events every year
since 2018 with the aim of eliminating the lack of
exercise among employees and improving health
checkup results. Pedometers and smart watches are rented to participants, and the average number of steps walked during the event is announced in ranked order,
and prizes are awarded according to the results. The walking event is an initiative aimed at improving workers􏰀 exercise habits while encouraging them to have fun by tracking the number of steps taken each day and building walking habits.
Last year, in spite of the Coronavirus pandemic, 240 people participated in the event - the largest number ever – and enjoyed competing with each other to build healthy bodies. Health-conscious menu
38Our Goals and Strategy Our Businesses Foundations of Value Creation Financial Data
    Society and Community
    Promotion of
Diversity and Inclusion
      Promotion of Diversity
Since the 1990s, the SANYO DENKI Group has treated all employees equally and evaluated their abilities and performance fairly and equitably without any discrimination based on nationality, race, origin, gender, age, religion, educational background, beliefs, or personal preferences. We also strictly observe this policy when hiring employees. We will continue to stick to this policy with 100% pride.
Global Human Resources Strategy
In order to promote global management, the SANYO DENKI Group actively appoints local staff to management and manager classes at group companies in each country. Currently, local people make up about half of the staff at respective group companies in each country. Furthermore, about half of them are women.
Support for Balancing Childcare and Nursing Care
We hold semi-annual briefing sessions for employees who are about to give birth or get involved in nursing care, as well as employees who are balancing work with childcare or nursing care, in order to provide information on laws related to childbirth, childcare, and nursing care, employment regulations, and health insurance union systems. In addition, the rate of male employees taking childcare leave has been increasing year by year, making it possible
for new parents to balance childcare and nursing care regardless of gender. In July 2016, the company was awarded a certificate (known as Kurumin) recognizing it as a company that actively supports childcare based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children.
New employee training
Self-Development and Volunteer Leave System
(Studied in the UK and acquired the MA in Media and Public Relations)
Support for Employees with Disabilities
We are maintaining and supporting the work environment so that employees with disabilities can work in as lively a manner as other employees.
■ Creation of Support Book and Consideration Check Sheet, and Implementation of Individual Interviews We have prepared a Support Book for each employee. This booklet shows at a glance what kind of support
employees need from their surroundings to carry out their job responsibilities.
In addition, we have prepared a Consideration Check Sheet that includes facilities and support equipment,
frequency of hospital visits, necessity of support in case of disaster, and emergency contact information according to each work environment, which is useful for creating a safe and secure environment for employees.
■ Maintenance of Workplace Environment
We are maintaining the work environment by installing
handrails in the toilets and supporting ostomates by providing multi-functional toilets.
In addition, for employees with physical disabilities, we have introduced dedicated special transport carts with anti-static functions, and for employees with hearing disabilities, we check each other􏰀s work details using tablet terminals that can convert speech into text and enable communication via writing. As a result, we are improving work efficiency by making use of the workplace- and worker-specific requirements of each workplace.
Personnel Training
The SANYO DENKI Group management aims to manage the company so that employees can achieve self-realization through their work and corporate activities.
■Training System
Our training includes three main pillars: (1) grade-based training
programs that help employees recognize the expected roles and activities of each professional qualification and to support them
to demonstrate their abilities above the required levels, (2) career- based training programs that are dedicated to specific occupations such as sales and design, and (3) department-based training programs that help employees acquire special knowledge specific to their divisions. These training programs support employees who are striving to develop their own abilities and grow.
In addition, we introduced training for newly promoted employees to further improve skills of young and mid-level employees, and are also focusing on developing employees who will lead the next generation. For managers, we perform manager training to help them acquire practical knowledge and skills as managers, with the aim of developing them into senior managers and produce top management candidates.
■ Self-Development and Volunteer Leave System
We have established a self-development and volunteer leave
system that allows employees who wish to develop their own abilities and participate more in society to take leave for up to three years, and then return to work. This system is aimed at supporting employees to achieve self-fulfillment. In FY 2020, one of our employees who took advantage of this system obtained a master􏰀s degree in the UK and are applying the specialized skills she acquired in her work.
Dedicated special transport cart with anti-static functions
    39
40