   Itochu Enex Group Integrated Report

   We started off in 1961 with only six gas stations.
Over the course of more than half a century, we have worked to contribute to
an affluent society and quality of life and bring many smiles, growing with our customers.
Now we are transforming ourselves from a traditional energy trading company ~ to an energy trading company ~ supporting the life in local communities.
And we will continue to
respond to stakeholders’ expectations, live with local communities,
and contribute in making a sustainable society that brings forth a new era through co-creation.
We strive to pass on very valuable things for people and
local communities so that future generations may enjoy a more prosperous future.
The Best Partner for Life and Society – with Energy, with the Car, with the Home –
Itochu Enex Group
       A service station affiliated with Itochu Fuel Corporation was opened. Minami-morimachi service station, Kita-ku, Osaka
ENEX REPORT 2018 1

 This is , ENEX
Itochu Enex Group’s journey
in value creation over half a century
Enex Group, which has been developing business mainly in the field of energy beyond the time of more than half a century. We continue to move towards the future as a "The best partner for life and society" listed in our Corporate philosophy.
Accelerate Change and Growth
   Changes in performance and main events
■ Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex's shareholders (billions of yen)
*Unit performance until FY 1998, and figures for consolidated results since FY1999. *The figures of this page are based on IFRS(International Financial Reporting
Standards) from FY 2013.
Change revolution
2008~2010
Develop global businesses horizontally and vertically, strengthen core businesses and create synergies
2011~2013
Improvement of petroleum product distribution functions, transformation into a "company providing the best mix of energy"
2014
Transform the petroleum and gas business model, Upgrade "Enex DNA"
2015~2016
Improvement of profirability, Sowing seeds for long-term growth strategy
2017~2018
Reforming the revenue base, Reforming the organizational base
         Prologue to change
2004~2008
Promotion of organizational structure reform for the new era
11.0 10.4
  7.5 7.1
5.5
                            1961
ENEX EPOC Company Timeline
1970
Era of Oil and Gas
1980 1990
The Company takes over gas supply service in Nakatsu City, Oita Prefecture, with the goal of breaking into the city gas market.
The Company changes its name from Itochu Fuel Corporation to Itochu Enex Co., Ltd. Its 18 consolidated subsidiaries are renamed at the same time.
The Company sells off its stock in CicoMart Co., Ltd.
The Company scraps its existing branch-offce system in favor of a system of organization around business divisions.
Takigawa Enex Co., Ltd. (currently Itochu Enex Home-Life Nishi-Nihon Co., Ltd.) commences operation upon taking over business operations from Takigawa Industries Co., Ltd.
The Company sells off its stock in Tokai Corporation.
Kokura Enterprise Energy Co., Ltd. takes over the business of Kokura Enterprise Co., Ltd. and commences operations.
The Itochu Enex Group adopts a single unified logo, the Enex Mark.
Ecore Co., Ltd., is founded by the consolidation of Itochu Enex Home- Life Kyushu and Idex Gas K.K. and commences operation
Itochu Enex Co., Ltd. acquires Kohnan Corporation's oil sales business and stock in Kohnan Fleet Corporation, and begins operating the acquired business.
Head office is relocated to 4-1 Shibaura 3-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo.
2000
~
2010
2014
2017 2020 FY
1961 ~ 2009
2010~ Era of Oil ,Gas and Power 2018~ Era of Oil ,Gas,Power and Mobility
   Jan. 1961 May 1965
Mar. 1970
Apr. 1971 Apr. 1977
Feb 1978 Sep. 1979
Jun. 1983 Mar. 1995
Feb 1996 Oct 1997
Dec. 1997 Apr. 1998 Oct. 2000
The Company is founded
The Company acquires stock in Oita Kyuseki Hanbai Co., Ltd. (today a consolidated subsidiary).
The Company acquires stock in Unoshima Sansuiso K.K. and advances into the high-pressure gas business.
Capital is increased from ¥600 million to ¥1 billion.
To change the par value of its stock, the Company merges with Itochu Fuel Corporation, headquartered at 2-36 Tsurigane-cho, Higashi-ku, Osaka.
The Company is listed on the 2nd section of the Osaka Securities Exchange and the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
The Company is promoted to the 1st section of the Osaka Securities Exchange and the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
The Company moves its head office from Osaka to Tokyo.
The Company establishes Kyushu Chunen Co., Ltd. (currentconsolidated subsidiary Enex Petroleum Sales Nishi-Nihon Co., Ltd.).
Head office moves to 24-12 Meguro 1-chome, Meguro-ku, Tokyo.
The Company acquires stock in Tokai Corporation, which is in the process of being reorganized.
The Company acquires stock in Seibu Petroleum Corporation.
The Company's CicoMart arm is spun off to form CicoMart Co., Ltd.
Tokai Corporation's bankruptcy reorganization proceedings are declared complete by the overseeing court.
Mar. 2001 Jul. 2001
Nov. 2001 Apr. 2004
May 2005
Sep. 2005 Oct. 2005
Oct. 2005 Apr. 2007
Sep. 2008 Sep. 2008
Oct. 2008 Apr. 2009
Jul. 2010
Oct. 2010 Jan. 2011 Mar. 2011
Apr. 2011 Jan. 2012
May. 2012 Oct. 2012 Apr. 2013
The petroleum product trading business run by Itochu Corporation and the petroleum product logistics business run by Itochu Petroleum Japan Ltd. are split off and acquired by Itochu Enex Co., Ltd.
The Company transfers the LPG lorry wholesales business to JAPAN GAS ENERGY CORPORATION.
The Company acquires the shares of JAPAN GAS ENERGY CORPORATION.
The Company submitted a notice of commencement of a power producer and supplier (PPS) business
The Company launched an electric power retailing business.
The Company celebrates the 50th anniversary of its founding.
The Company acquires the shares of JEN Holdings Co., Ltd. to break into the electricity and steam supply business for factories.
Kohnan Fleet Co., Ltd. changes its name to Enex Fleet Co., Ltd.
The Company takes an equity stake in IP&E Palau Inc. and the Republic of Palau.
The Company acquires the shares of Tokyo Toshi Service Company (currently consolidated subsidiary) to break into the heat supply business.
JEN Holdings, Co., Ltd (currently consolidated subsidiary) acquires all shares of CEF Konbumori Wind Farm Co., Ltd., thereby expanding its wind power generation business.
Power & Utility Division is set up
May. 2013 Dec. 2013
Jan. 2014 May. 2014
Feb. 2015
Mar. 2015 Oct. 2015
Apr. 2016 Apr. 2016 Apr. 2017 Oct. 2017
Oct. 2017
The Company and Itochu Corporation jointly invest in a next- generation biodiesel production business in the United States.
JEN Holdings, Co., Ltd. (currently consolidated subsidiary) acquires all shares of Tainai Wind Farm Co., Ltd., and further expands its wind power generation business.
The head office is moved to 2-10-1 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo.
The Company acquires stock in Osaka Car Life Group Co., Ltd. (today a consolidated subsidiary).
The company and Oji Green Resources Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Oji Holdings Corporation, formed a joint venture for power retailing, OJI- ITOCHU ENEX POWER RETAILING CO., LTD. (“OJEX”)
The Company acquires the shares of NISSHO PETROLEUM GAS CORPORATION.
The company and ITOCHU INDUSTRIAL GAS CO.,LTD. established PT.ITC ENEX INDONESIA to tackle the industrial gas business in INDONESIA.
Start to electricity Supply Service for Households, “e-koto denki!”
Invests and participates in LP gas sales business in the Philippines
Profit attributable to owners of parent surpasses 10 billion yen
Sendai Power Station Co., Ltd. commences commercial operation of its thermal power station
Establishes ENEARC Co., Ltd.
        
 This is , ENEX Established advantage through the value-creation way
A Rich Customer Base No.1 Energy Trading Company
The number of LP gas outlets
2,700outlets
LP gas outlets that our group has nationwide
Ability to strengthen the customer base The power of the Itochu Enex Group’s “optimization” that flexibly responds to changes
     The number of CSs
1,800 CSs
Service station that our group has nationwide as CS (Carlife Staion) (including our brand, “Car Enex Brand CSs” approx. 400)
CSs of convenient CARLIFE STADIUM 400CSs Rent-a-Car Service (As of April 1, 2018)
38stations
Automotive gas stations that supply LP gas to LP gas vehicles (including buses and taxies)
Optimization for consumer needs
To increase responsiveness to the changing societal and lifestyle needs, and offering a wide range of value required by customers.
Change in business activities as shown by profit composition ratio of operations
Before
¥9.0billion
Fuel trading company handling petroleum and gas
Optimization of organization and
human resources
Building of an organization that is responsive to changing needs, and development and utilization of human resources who can generate creative and flexible thinking.
Integrated the business base of petroleum products and LP gas on April 1, 2018
Strategic approach to the customer base held in
local communities
The Home-Life Division and the Life & Industrial Energy Division were consolidated under the “Energy & Logistics Group.” Taking our lead from consumers, we will build a consumer-oriented structure, and offer a variety of energy products and services.
    The number of households
1.5 million households
Households we supply LP gas and town gas that our group has nationwide
The number of contracts (electric power for households)
54,000
Contracts for electric power for households
The market share of asphalt sales
Domestic market share of asphalt sales (top class in Japan)
The number of facilities
Before
Life Energy
Car users
Now
Energy & Logistics Group
Petroleum 75% Gas 25%
     3,500
Fiscal year ended March 2012
Home-Life
Homes
Industrial Energy
Factories, business sites
facilities
    Facilities of corporate customers providing energy and materials (Gasoline, Diesel, kerosene, residual oil, LNG, and electric power)
The electric power sales volume ranking
Homes
Car users
Factories, business sites
     Now
¥17.2billion
Petroleum 44% Gas 19% Electricity 26% Automotive 11%
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
Business optimization
   contracts
8
th
Seeking to make efficient use of managerial resources, we have established and put into operation a supply chain optimized for demand.
Since 2017, we have promoted efficiency of the sales network for LP gas.
Estabishd ENEARC
In response to changes in demand for LP gas, we seek efficiency of the local sales network for LP gas in collaboration with other companies.
Newcomers ranking in terms of electric power sales volume (FY2017)
Transitioning to a composite business mix
to handle a broad range of products such as petroleum, gas, electricity and automobiles.
Aggressive investment plan to
facilitate the optimization
As the Group medium-term business plan “Moving 2018 Connecting to the future” has been going well, we also achieved the targets in FY2017. We will continue to make aggressive investments to strengthen the revenue base.
Group medium-term business plan →p. 14
       20
The market share of AdBlue sales
Our market share in the domestic AdBlue high-grade urea solution, breaks down and detoxifies diesel vehicle exhaust, is top.
25%
FY2018 Planned investment
¥32.2billion
%
According to the investment plan in the Group medium-term business plan “Moving 2018 Connecting to the future.”
   ENEX REPORT 2018
4
ENEX REPORT 2018 5
as of April 1, 2018
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

This is , ENEX Enex group At a glance
as of March, 2018
17.2
11.0
2018/3
as of March, 2018
   Profit from operating activities
17.2
19.7
Annual dividends per share
40
   (year on year) ↓12.7%
16.4
7.5
2016/3
40.0yen
Commemorative dividend
4
32
 billions of yen
13.1
5.5
2015/3
58.6%
16 16
 11.9 7.1
2014/3
a dividend payout ratio
22
24
2016/3
   Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex's shareholders
10.4
2017/3
41.0
20
46.8%
20
45.2%
 11.0
%
16 16 16
  42.7%
36.3%
41.0%
 (year on year) ↑5.8%
33.1% 31.5% 30.3% 94.1 97.4 100.5 108.5 116.1
2014/3 2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3 (billions of yen)
35.1%
30.5%
32.4%
31.7%
34.8%
billions of yen
 2008/3
2009/3
2010/3
2011/3
2012/3
2013/3 2014/3 2015/3
2017/3
2018/3
(yen)
   Shareholders' equity
116.1billions of yen
Net interest-bearing debt
(billions of yen)
0.18 20.1
Network of overseas
Network of nationwide
20.1billions of yen
Net DER
0.18times
0.26
0.25
     Equity-to- asset ratio
30.3%
ROA
5.3%
ROE
9.8%
29.3%
29.6%
0.17
16.8
0.17 18.3
    24.3 24.8
      2014/3 2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3
(billions of yen)
24.2
-14.7 2014/3 2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3
(billions of yen)
Palau (petroleum products) The Philippines (LP gas) Indonesia (Industrial)
U.S.A. (biodiesel)
  10.0% 9.8%
24.2billions of yen
Cash flows from operating activities
    7.8%
4.3%
34.3
30.3
Head office, branch office, major Group company Power plant site
Terminal tank
Asphalt terminal
Asphalt ship
AdBlue supply facility Industrial gas terminal
7.5% 5.7%
Cash flows from
investing activities (year on year)
-18.5 billions of yen
17.5
17.8
 6.0% 4.7%
3.7%
5.3%
 2014/3 2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3
-12.6
-16.7
-18.5
-20.4
 ENEX REPORT 2018
6
ENEX REPORT 2018 7
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

 Itochu Enex Group Integrated Report ENEX REPORT 2018 Contents
This is ENEX
Itochu Enex Group’s journey
in value creation over half a century 2
Established advantage through the value-creation way 4 The Itochu Enex Group at a glance 6
Our Vision
The value creation pursued by the Itochu Enex Group
Corporate vision 9
Management
Management supporting value creation
Exclusive discussion between two Outside Directors
Continuously evolving corporate governance aiming
for sustainable growth and improvement in the corporate value 40
Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members
and Executive Officers 42
Corporate Governance 44 CSR and compliance 50 Important challenges of CSR and compliance
Environmental management 52
The Itochu Enex Group’s value creation process
Message from CEO 12 ESG challenges and the Itochu Enex Group 20
Strategy
Strategic initiatives aimed at creating value
Further growth from developing businesses in response to regional needs
The Energy & Logistics Group:
a supportive presence in regional life and industry 22
ENEARC: strengthening customer-centric regional gas sales 23 Deploying proven business models globally 24
Using the wind to drive new growth
Promoting an electric power business that contributes
to a low-carbon society 25
Raising productivity, and securing and developing human resources
Promoting ENEX EARLY BIRD working style reforms 26
Launch of “Overseas Training System” to develop
global human resources 27
Message from CFO 28 Segment
The ability to create value
Business results 30 Business divisions
Home-Life Division 32 Life & Industrial Energy Division 34 Power & Utility Division 36 Mobility Life Department 38 Major Group companies 39
Protection of human rights 56 Consumer issues 56 Labor practices 56 Fair business practices 58
Data Section
A decade of financial summary 60 Environment-related data 62
ENEX REPORT 2018 8
10 Social contribution activities 54
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
64 66 68 69 70
Stock information 126 Corporate overview 127
Editorial policy
ENEX REPORT 2018 is a comprehensive report covering financial information and non- financial information, including CSR activities, prepared based on various guidelines. It is published with the goal of helping people understand the business activities and strategies that are implemented in pursuit of the Itochu Enex Group’s sustained growth.
Period covered
April 1, 2017 – March 31, 2018 (Includes some activities that fall outside this period.)
Organizations covered
Itochu Enex Co., Ltd. and Itochu Enex Group companies
Publication date
August 2018
􏰃Please submit comments or feedback to:
Corporate Communications Office, Itochu Enex Co., Ltd.
E-mail: enex_irpr@itcenex.com TEL: +81-3–6327–8003
􏰃Note on forward-looking statements
Forward-looking statements made in this report, including outlooks for future Group business performance, are based on the information available at the time of publication. Actual results may differ considerably from projections for various reasons, including fluctuating exchange rates, market trends, and economic conditions.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 125
Company Information
Our Vision
The value creation pursued by the Itochu Enex Group
Corporate vision
The fundamental stance, morals, and values that the Itochu Enex Group follows when carrying out business activities are defined as follows.
These concepts form the basis for business-related decision making, and are the basic policies for the execution of the Group’s business activities and what direction the Group will move in.
 Corporate philosophy
The Best Partner for Life and Society – with Energy, with the Car, with the Home –
For more than half a century, the Itochu Enex Group has delivered energy to customers across Japan, chiefly in the form of petroleum products and LP gas. Regardless of the changes to life and society, we continue to deliver the value needed by our customers as their stalwart partner. Moreover, we will contribute to the realization of a prosperous society and life, and hope to be a company that regional customers choose. The Group’s corporate philosophy embodies these ideas.
Code of Conduct
Be Ethical
(Reliability and sincerity, creativity and ingenuity, transparency and integrity)
In 1962, soon after its founding, the Company first established its “guiding precepts”; the spirit of those precepts is perpetuated in the form of the Group’s Code of Conduct announced in 2001. The Itochu Enex Group of today intends to perform its day-to-day duties upholding the “Be Ethical” ethos as it contributes to society. To that end, we aim to act with reliability and sincerity in our dealings with all stakeholders, to generate new value by exercising creativity and ingenuity, and to maintain transparency and integrity in our businesses and activities.
Declaration of the Group Code of Conduct
The Company declares that all officers and employees of the Company and its Group companies (including employees on temporary assignments to and from the Company, contract-based employees, temporary staff, part-time employees, and casual staff)
will always be conscious of the Code of Conduct’s requirement to “Be Ethical” while engaging in their day-to-day duties as responsible corporate citizens and members of society. Each individual officer and employee signs and seals a “personal declaration” as a promise with stakeholders comprising their own guidelines for conduct in performing their day-to-day duties.
The declaration of the Group Code of Conduct in its entirety is on page 50
Field of business
Energy for all applications, whether as a key component of social
infrastructure or as a means of enriching people’s lives
To successfully be “the best partner for life and society,” as outlined in our corporate philosophy, it will be necessary to further spread the prosperity and convenience that energy provides throughout society and people’s lives. The Group wants to not only provide energy that is a key component of social infrastructure, but also hopes to be a source of spiritual energy for our customers. The Group intends to continue providing a variety of products and services that support the affluence, comfort, and convenience that are suitable in this day and age.
Corporate philosophy
        Code of Conduct
    Guiding Precepts (established in 1962)
1. Strive to incorporate the principles of reliability and sincerity in your daily duties.
2. Streamline business through creativity and ingenuity, and always keep moving forward.
3. With transparency and integrity as your creed, be cordial and work to improve the well-
being and prosperity of everyone affiliated with the Company.
  Action guidelines
      Field of business
 ENEX REPORT 2018 9
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

Our Vision The value creation pursued by the Itochu Enex Group
  The Itochu Enex Group’s value creation process
Input
Employees
5,613
(as of March 31, 2018)
Sales area
Throughout Japan and in four other nations
Rating
A+
(As of August 28, 2018; Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd.)
Mainly power generation facilities, heat supply facilities, and industrial gas production facilities
Technology and know-how
Wind power, hydropower, photovoltaic power, and bio-resources
Corporate Governance
Output
Products and services
Outcome
Social Value
Rich and diverse lifestyles
No. 1 Energy Trading Company
A rich customer base
Economic Value
Shareholder return Invigorating industry
       Human Capital
    Organization and human resources Strategy
Invigorating local communities and lifestyles
  LP gas and more
LP gas, city gas, industrial gas, residential fuel cells, electricity storage systems, and photovoltaic power generation
      Social Capital
Sustainable lifestyles that take the environment into account
    Financial Capital
Management
foundations
More than half a century of achievements
Business network
Finances and capital Strategy
Petroleum products and more
Gasoline, kerosene, diesel, fuel oil, asphalt, AdBlue, fly ash recycling, slop and recycled oil
   End users living
in regional communities
 Distributors rooted
in regional communities
       Production Capital
Abundant know-how
Power generation and more
Electricity, steam, and heat supply
  A sound financial base
    Intellectual Capital
  Mobility and more
Automobiles and services related to people’s lives
     Natural Capital
 Contributing to next-generation economy and society
  ENEX REPORT 2018
10
ENEX REPORT 2018 11
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

Our Vision The value creation pursued by the Itochu Enex Group
Message from CEO
Taking as our starting point the essential need to supply humans with energy, by drawing closer to the customer through the development of a diverse range of services and businesses, we aim to become an energy trading company that supports local communities
An energy industry undergoing drastic transformation, and a changing competitive environment
First, I wish to offer our heartfelt gratitude
for your continued support of the Itochu Enex Group.
In fiscal 2017, the Company’s net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders marked a new record for the third consecutive year.
In preparation for the next stage in fiscal 2018, while further strengthening the foundations of our business we will work steadily to reinforce profitability, bringing about sustainable growth and improvements in corporate value.
         Environmental awareness
 The environment in which the Company operates is changing
and becoming more challenging. Due to the rapid shift in Japan towards lower birth rates and an older population, the country is
on the brink of an era of population contraction, and demand for energy, including petroleum products, is on a downward trend. This movement has received a further impetus from the rising awareness of environmental issues that has occurred as a consequence of the problem of global warming. Environmental awareness is one of the key concepts of our age, and, together with economic benefits and abundance, drives both society and our daily lives.
The supply side continues to change rapidly in response to these changes in demand. For example, the number of service stations nationwide has halved from its 1994 peak of 60,000 to around 30,000 currently, and this decline seems likely to continue. The rebuilding of the supply network to deal with this contraction in demand is under way, resulting in radical changes that touch on the very fundamentals of the industry, such as the closure
or downsizing of refineries, and the consolidation of major oil
Number of service stations nationwide (at fiscal year end)
companies. It is in this context, and faced with the deregulation of retail sales of electricity and city gas, that we are working to diversify our businesses in order to accelerate our transformation into an integrated energy company. As organizations work to achieve the targets set by the Paris Accord of cutting 2030 greenhouse gas emissions by 26% from the 2013 level, we expect the promotion of energy-saving measures and the shift towards electronic appliances in Japan to gather speed, leaving energy industry participants in
a fight for survival in which only the fittest and most adaptable will survive.
We cannot survive in our present form We must change
   58,285
60,421
         53,704
     47,584
      38,777
     30,747
     2000 2005
Source: “Numbers of gasoline distributors and service stations (registered base)” Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, July 19, 2018
1989 1994 (FY)
2010 2017
ENEX REPORT 2018 12
ENEX REPORT 2018 13
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

 Our Vision The value creation pursued by the Itochu Enex Group
 The goals and locus of the “Moving” strategy
 Racing ahead of industry changes to reform corporate culture and organizational structure.
On the other hand, it is a fact that these changes and this rapid growth have led to imbalances within the Company. Accordingly, during the “Moving 2018 Connecting to the future” medium-
term business plan that ran in FY2017 and FY 2018, we focused
on normalizing the situation by strengthening the foundations of the business, and making sure of our footing before taking the next step towards future growth. The issue of “reforming the revenue base” raised in the basic policies involves optimizing assets and opening up new customer bases, while “reforming the organizational base” consists of promoting the nurturing of human resources and working style reforms, and strengthening Group management. We have determined that this is a necessary process of creating the foundations necessary for the long-term growth of the Group.
A look back at FY2017
Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders marked a new record for the third consecutive year
The first fiscal year of the “Moving 2018 Connecting to the future” medium-term business plan achieved its targets in accordance with the basic policies.
First, in regard to “reforming the revenue base,” in order to realize the optimal composition of assets, we will dispose of unprofitable operating assets and integrate the operations of subsidiaries that straddle different businesses.
In the Home-Life Division, we have reorganized and integrated with OSAKA GAS CO., LTD. and the LP gas wholesale and retail businesses. ENEARC Co., Ltd., a joint-venture company in which both companies have a 50% stake, was established on October 1, 2017, and integrated the LP gas wholesale and retail businesses
in the Kanto, Chubu and Kansai regions. In addition, shares of the three sales companies owned by OSAKA GAS subsidiary NISSHO PETROLEUM GAS CORPORATION were transferred to the Group. This reorganization has resulted in the expansion of the business
For more information on ENEARC, please see p. 23
foundation, reinforced cost competitiveness and enabled the provision of competitive products and services. In the Power & Utility Division, Tokyo Toshi Service Company (TTS), in partnership with The Okinawa Electric Power Company, Incorporated, established The Reliance Energy Okinawa, Incorporated in December 2017
with the aim of strengthening TTS’s comprehensive energy services business. In Okinawa Prefecture, where major urban development continues, in response to diverse demands for energy we will offer services that contribute to the efficient use of energy and help reduce the burden on the environment. Furthermore, in March
2018 we took an equity stake in OSAKA GAS, which has extensive know-how related to the use of city gas, and will use this to realize and provide new value going forward. In the Life Energy & Logistics Division, by closing unprofitable Car-Life Station (CS) outlets, selling, general and administrative expenses fell by 5% year on year, a reduction of ¥3.7 billion.
As a result, return on equity, which measures the effectiveness with which the funds entrusted by shareholders to the Company are being utilized, reached 9.8% at the end of fiscal 2017.
In relation to “reforming the organizational base,” we have amended the criteria for investments with the goal of encouraging
a greater awareness of capital cost. We have worked to foster a corporate culture that continually seeks to balance capital cost against the profit earned on funds invested. Also, we have resolved to move the head office in order to improve communications for the Group as a whole, facilitate the development of new businesses that straddle existing divisions, and to allow us to leverage next- generation digital technology. Until now, each floor was home to
a separate business division. Integrating multiple departments
on each floor will facilitate the blending of the know-how and the businesses of the respective divisions, with the synergies resulting from this new layout opening the way to further improvements in productivity. We have also introduced a casual dress day, and are striving to encourage freedom of expression and diverse working styles.
Among these changes in the environment, the Company has resolved to leave the business of selling oil and gas where it has resided for so long, reasoning that staying in one place will not guarantee its continued existence, and to “move” in search of a more fertile place to call home. The “Moving” series of medium-term business plans that has been in progress since fiscal 2014 consists of nothing less than initiatives that cover the whole of management, businesses, organization and human resources, to which the Company is committing its full strength with the intention of creating a corporate group that can survive in this new era.
IIn fiscal 2014, when the “Moving” series started with “Moving 2014,” we reviewed those aspects forming the Company’s base, namely corporate culture, organizational structure and systems, and we also designed systems aimed at sowing the seeds for
future growth by amending investment criteria. This was followed
in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2016 by the two-year “Moving 2016
– Sowing seeds for tomorrow” business plan. Based on this,
we implemented a tripartite policy of strengthening profitability, sowing the seeds of a long-term growth strategy, and reinforcing the organization’s capabilities and core strengths. At the same
time we promoted reform of both the organization and awareness through such initiatives as bolstering the core strengths of individual businesses, preparing for the liberalization of the electricity market and establishing overseas businesses. As a result, by the end of fiscal 2016, the final year of the business plan, the Group’s profit for the year broke through the ¥10 billion level for the first time.
    Global Businesses 􏰇p. 24 Resolving to “move” to more fertile land on which to build a new home
   Six priority initiatives
(1) Transforming business models for oil and gas
(2) Creating new businesses to secure new revenue sources
(3) Achieving further growth in existing businesses through M&A activities
(4) Improving infrastructures and networking in the power and utilities businesses
(5) Developing and sowing the seeds of international businesses
(6) Strengthening the Enex DNA
Quantitative targets
(FY2014 consolidated business performance plans)
Total trading transactions ¥1,600 billion
Profit from operating activities ¥13.8 billion
Profit before tax ¥13.8 billion
Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders
¥7.6 billion
Sowing seeds for tomorrow
Basic policies
(1) Increasing earning power
(2) Sowing the seeds for long-term
growth
(3) Strengthening organizational power
and key strengths
Connecting to the future ■ Period
FY2017 to FY2018
■ Basic policies
Quantitative targets
(FY2016 consolidated business performance plans)
Profit from operating activities ¥20 billion
Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders
¥10 billion
ROE
9.0% or above
      ■ Quantitative targets (FY2018 Consolidated basis)
Profit from operating activities
¥18.7
ROE
9.0
Business performance trends
Profit from operating activities (billions of yen)
Profit (billions of yen)
■・Petroleum, gas and other businesses ■・Electric power business
■・Automotive businesses (Nissan Osaka)
  Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders
■・Petroleum, gas and other businesses ■・Electric power business
■・Automotive businesses (Nissan Osaka)
19.7
6.6
2.5 10.6
2017/3
 billion
billion
16.4
4.4
1.4 10.6
2016/3
IFRS
10.4 11.0 2.2
2.2 0.7
5.5 0.4 8.2
0.4 4.9 6.3 3.3
¥11.3 Planned investment (2-year total)
“Connecting to future growth” — Reforming the revenue base —
􏰄Optimizing resources 􏰅Improving profitability 􏰆Developing the customer base
17.2
4.6
2.1 10.5
2018/3
Accelerating asset replacement in pursuit of profitability and growth
Improving profit efficiency based on the ratio of SG&A expenses to gross trading profit
Deploying the electric power business across all divisions and departments, and driving the future retail- oriented expansion of the customer base
13.7
1.8
11.9
2013/3
11.9
2.4
9.5 2014/3
13.1
3.0
1.5 8.6
2015/3
3.4
    7.1
2.4
4.7 2014/3
7.5 0.6
         % or above
¥56.6
billion
5.6
0.2
5.4 2013/3
1.8
A period used to maintain the direction of the reforms and enhancements previously targeted, in order to increase the certainty of securing future growth.
Based on the two pillars of reforming the revenue base and the organizational base, we will develop our ability to drive forward into the future while maintaining our ability to generate profits.
􏰄Reinforcing organizational strength
Reinforcing organizational strength by making provision of the group management base
􏰅Nurturing autonomous human resources
Clarifying the mission, and nurturing autonomous personnel
􏰆ENEX EARLY BIRD Encouraging a working style
that offers high performance in a short time
3.9 2012/3
2015/3
2016/3 2017/3 2018/3
IFRS
“Connecting people and functions of the Group” — Reforming the organizational base —
9.9 2009/3
6.1 2010/3
9.0 2011/3
9.0 2012/3
5.4 2009/3
4.4 2010/3
Japanese GAAP
3.9
2011/3 Japanese GAAP
       ENEX REPORT 2018 14
ENEX REPORT 2018 15
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

Our Vision
The value creation pursued by the Itochu Enex Group
  All eyes on the long-term vision
  Plan objectives updated for fiscal 2018
A time for securing our footing in preparation for connecting to the future
This medium-term business plan prioritizes the strengthening of
the foundations of the business, and linking this to the subsequent growth path. As well as moving forward with the building of a structure that will allow flexible responses to a rapidly changing operational environment, and promoting business reorganization and structural reform from a medium- to long-term perspective, we will put the emphasis on investing in management resources for future growth and returns to shareholders, grounded in appropriate financial policies. In addition, to reflect the steady progress made in implementing the growth strategy, and the resulting strong business performance in fiscal 2017, we have updated our quantitative targets. The forecast for fiscal 2018 profit from operating activities has been raised to ¥18.7 billion (an increase of ¥0.2 billion versus the initial forecast), and the outlook for net profit has been raised to ¥11.3 billion (an increase of ¥0.5 billion over the initial forecast).
Upward revision to quantitative targets for the fiscal year ending March 2019
Up to this point, the Group has not interpreted changes in the environment as threats, instead developing its businesses with an awareness that change is a given. For precisely that reason, the Company perceives the various changes currently attracting attention as ideal business opportunities that will allow it to demonstrate its strengths.
The single most important reason for this awareness is that
the Company already possesses a robust business foundation
that is resistant to the turmoil caused by changes in the external environment. This is due only to the networks we have built up with customers ever since the time of the Company’s founding. In order to clearly indicate the importance, significance and functionality
of these networks, the Company refers to them internally using
the term “pipes.” The original meaning of “pipe” is something that connects two separate, independent objects and that enables flows and relationships between them. In the context of the Company’s actual business, the term “pipe” indicates the channel or route by which LP gas, in the Home-Life business, or refined petroleum
products, in the Car-Life Station (CS) business are provided to the end user, either via the retail outlets of the respective business or directly from the Company.
The Company has laid down such invisible “pipes” in the regions, and has taken great care to manage, maintain, improve and expand them. To express this initiative in terms that may be easier to understand, it includes the various measures aimed at optimizing the logistics function and capturing customers. During the course of its development, the Company established a solid position as a “fuel trading company” that supplies petroleum products and LP gas, and, having subsequently moved into the electric power business, has further evolved to become an “energy trading company.” Of course, our entry into the retail electric power business has also doubtless contributed to the expansion of these “pipes.” By selling electric power to existing oil and gas customers, or by creating alliances with partners that have large numbers of customers in the regions to provide a range of services, the Group aims to continue its steady growth.
Aiming for further progress based on the “pipe” business we have built up
  Building a pliant and flexible structure
Enhancing the “connecting function” of pipes to further expand the customer base
 By using “electricity” to connect the customers at the end of the “pipes” we have already built, and by connecting the customers of our “electricity” related partners in other industries to our existing core businesses,
we aim to achieve a chain-like expansion of our customer base.
Customers of our partners in other industries
Range of services related to people’ s daily lives
     LP gas/city gas customers
LP gas
Photovoltaic power generation systems
Fuel cells (ENEFARM)
etc...
  Revised targets
 ¥18.7 billion
 11.3 billion
 40%
        Profit from operating activities
Profit
Dividend payout ratio
Electricity
Electricity
Ability to form connections
Previously announced targets
¥18.5 billion 10.8 billion
+0.2 billion
+0.5 billion 30% +10%
Ability to form connections
          In recognition of strong business performance in fiscal 2017, and as a result of a comprehensive reconsideration of the market environment and the Company’s own situation, we have revised upward the profit targets.
In addition, having taken into account business performance in the medium- to long-term, as well as capital efficiency, we have revised our profit distribution policy (the dividend payout ratio).
CS customers
Electricity
Vehicle sales
ENEX REPORT 2018 16
ENEX REPORT 2018 17
Vehicle inspection
Examination
Rental vehicles
Refueling
Ability to form connections
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information
etc...

Our Vision The value creation pursued by the Itochu Enex Group
  All eyes on the long-term vision
All eyes on the long-term vision
 Becoming an energy trading company that supports local communities by providing a range of services
Creating mechanisms to encourage autonomous growth
For the Group, the nurturing of human resources is one of the most important challenges to achieve the future growth strategy. With the business environment changing drastically, each employee must be aware that they must shoulder the burden of upcoming changes, and take steps to resolve them on their own initiative. It is important that those employees who are closest to our customers in the community keep their senses honed, and adopt an attitude of avidly desiring growth. We are actively working to create such a corporate culture. One such initiative is the ENEX EARLY BIRD working style reform. Having reviewed previous working styles, we have achieved concrete results from moving ahead with initiatives based on the three pillars of reducing working hours, promoting health and enhancing the quality of work performed.
Moreover, in order to promote the overseas businesses that are designated as growth fields, we have begun initiatives in earnest to nurture global human resources who are capable of carrying out management and administration functions overseas. In fiscal 2018 we introduced a new “Overseas Training System” to develop human resources by employing them overseas, bringing them
into contact with local culture, enabling them to learn about local management methods and business customs, and opening the way to future business opportunities. This system will play an important development role in respect to the future of the Company’s overseas strategy, and going forward we plan for it to be maintained over the long term.
In addition, given the birth of new businesses that leverage such technologies as the Internet of Things (IoT), artificial intelligence (AI) and big data, we believe it is important to acquire such management resources from outside the Company in order to strengthen the foundations of the business speedily. We will invest actively in M&A
and alliances, an area that is one of the strengths of the Company, and work to build a business portfolio that takes into account efficiency, profitability and growth potential within the context of the Group’s overall growth strategy.
Building a highly effective governance structure
We believe that shareholders and investors are most interested
in enhancements of corporate value clearly grounded in facts. When I think about the management of this Group, while bearing in mind the need to steer in the direction of sustainability and growth potential, I do all that I can to maintain our status as a company that is recognized by society, that is useful to society and that
can take pride in itself. From that perspective, we will define once again the environmental, social and corporate governance issues of material importance on which the Company should act, and, in responding to these issues, strengthen initiatives aimed at securing the sustainability and growth potential of the business.
If we widen our vision to the outside world and the entire planet, we notice that inequalities are widening in a number of areas, as shown by differences in the living environment, inter-generational disparities, the gap between rich and poor, and regional inequality. We live in an era in which private-sector companies are required to implement initiatives to resolve such social problems, and we recognize that Itochu Enex, whose corporate philosophy is “the best partner for life and society,” is one of the companies that must shoulder such responsibilities. Moreover, based on our
view that management creates value in partnership with investors and shareholders, we will strive to further strengthen corporate governance and to improve the transparency and soundness of management by means of reinforced monitoring functions involving Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members.
The Company is targeting ROE of 9.0% and a dividend payout ratio of 40% for fiscal 2018. Going forward, the entire Group will work to improve management efficiency and raise profitability, in order to realize sustainable growth and increase corporate value. I humbly request your continued warm support and encouragement for the Group going forward.
Corporate Governance 􏰇p. 40 - p. 44
 Next we will discuss our vision for the Group beyond the fiscal 2019, from a long-term perspective.
Over the past half-century, the Company has transformed itself from a fuel trading company to an energy trading company that handles a variety of products. It is now on the verge of casting off the shell of the energy trading company, and evolving further.
The foundation for this evolution will be, as you might expect, the “pipes” we have spent decades nurturing. We will further strengthen the customer relationships that traverse these “pipes,” or lay down new “pipes” to capture new customers. Through such initiatives, we are creating robust relationships with all kinds of customers, and developing businesses and services to resolve problems in local communities and local life. As part of this effort, we are promoting collaboration that transcends divisional frameworks and the fences that divide business by product on a regional basis. The goal that lies at the end of this attempt to overturn the received wisdom of the organization, which has accumulated over half a century, and
to embrace new challenges, is the vision of the Company as “an energy trading company that supports local communities.”
In order to realize this vision of an energy trading company that supports local communities, we believe it is becoming increasingly important to adopt the perspective of the end user. Consumption is rapidly becoming more diverse and deviating from its previous
forms. Abundance and ecological awareness have both become an essential part of modern lifestyles. In this mature economy, consumer interest is shifting from “objects” to “intangible things,” with people increasingly demanding experience value. The advent of the hyper-aging society is creating increased demand for new welfare services. The role of electric vehicles (EV) is becoming more important as energy usage shifts to electricity, and experiments involving new social infrastructure that combines energy and mobility are taking place as a result of the evolution and wider utilization of EVs. Things that are necessary for this new era and things that are accepted by consumers will, without question, catch the eye of the consumer and cannot fail to attract a high degree
of attention. The Itochu Enex Group must capture and hold the gaze of the consumer, shaping valuable products and services,
one by one, as we move into the future. Beginning with end users’ demands, requests and expectations, we will create and provide different kinds of value through our business activities in order to please such end users further. As new end user demands, requests and expectations are generated, we will respond to these in turn
to create new value. By constructing such a value creation cycle, we will realize the role of the best partner for life and society, as “an energy trading company that supports local communities” through close relationships with customers and regions.
Our message to investors
     Proposing services from the perspective of the end user to support local community life
       “Local production for local consumption” services
Services related to building livable cities
Services developed in response to the aging of society
Next-generation mobility services
Promoting stronger corporate governance in pursuit of further increases in corporate value
Representative Director Kenji Okada
      ENEX REPORT 2018
18
ENEX REPORT 2018 19
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

Our Vision The value creation pursued by the Itochu Enex Group
ESG challenges and the Itochu Enex Group
We will address ESG and other various social challenges and further increase the sustainability of business models.
Social challenges to be solved, and the Itochu Enex Group’s mission and future vision to aim for
ESG statement of the Itochu Enex Group
Under the corporate philosophy “The best partner for life and society – with Energy, with the Car, with the Home – ,” the Itochu Enex Group has a mission to stably deliver the bounty of energy to everyone, and it seeks to always offer the value and services that customers truly require.
We will continue to contribute to the development of people’s good lives and a sustainable society through promotion of businesses that fit with the new times, solution of social challenges and our efforts for corporate social responsibility.
Setting “reducing the environmental impact,” “creating diverse values” and “healthy business activities” as three areas to currently focus on, all board members and employees of the Itochu Enex Group will execute their duties consciously so that we will be an energy company that achieves sustainable growth while generating value.
ESG challenges that the Itochu Enex Group focuses on <three priority areas and initiative themes>
    With stable energy supplies as a core, we will meet needs low-carbon, economic efficiency and added value, while contributing to a sustainable, smart-energy society.
     2050 decarbonization, and pursue
Scenario in the Strategic Energy Plan 2050
Take on challenges for energy conversion and
  Mission and business opportunities of the Itochu Enex Group
Stable energy supplies Strengthening supply capacity of renewable energy
Procurement and supply of clean energy
EV-support
Commercializing production of bio jet fuels in 2020
every possible option
2040
Population in Japan Decreased to 95 million
Sales of petrol and diesel vehicles to be banned in UK and France
2030
Coal-fired power stations to be shut down
(By 2013 in France, 2025 in the UK, and 2030 in Canada)
2020
EU will gradually ban palm oil biofuel
2011
Guiding principles on business and human rights
Mission and business opportunities of the Itochu Enex Group
Future retail to boost convenience and satisfaction in daily life
Various services responding to the aging society
Working environment where people can work with pride
  Reducing the environmental impact (With the environment)
 Creating diverse values (With society)
 Healthy business activities (Governance)
  Under the environmental policy, we will work on continuing environmental conservation and improvement activities and contribute to a sustainable society with an aim to help society achieve better coexistence with the global environment.
   We will contribute to developing local communities through providing stable energy supplies and creating diverse values that meet various societal and lifestyle needs.
   In accordance with the Code of Conduct and the Declaration of the Group Code of Conduct, we will proactively disclose information keeping in mind strict compliance, emphasis on shareholder returns and management transparency.
   •Realizing a low-carbon society •Reducing the environmental impact
of our business activities •Striving to conserve energy •Contribution to resource
conservation / recycling-based
society
•Preserving local environments
 •Stable energy supplies
•Response to promote sustainability
of life in local communities (Response to the aging society)
•Advancement of value-added services
•Reforms in ways of working and utilization of diverse human resources
•Social contribution activities in local communities
  •Improving corporate governance •Fulfilling CSR and ensuring
compliance
•Fair and proactive information
disclosure
•Responsible procurement and supply •Upholding industrial safety and
health
     Paris Accord
(Japan’s pledge: A 26% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions compared to FY 2013)
     5th Strategic Energy Plan*
“To achieve energy mix target towards 2030”
Renewable energy 22~24% Nuclear power 22~20%
Fossil fuels 56% Energy efficiency (35% reduction in actual energy efficiency)
* Endorsed by the Cabinet on July 3, 2018 under the Basic Act on Energy Policy.
 The Itochu Enex Group’s stakeholders and contacts
   Process of selecting important challenges and promoting initiatives
Basis for selection of important challenges
 Identifying and understanding challenges
The Group identified social challenges from SDGs, international guidelines, and FTSE indices.
 Standpoint of stakeholders
 Standpoint of
the Itochu Enex Group
 UN Sustainable Development Goals Requirements in international guidelines
Results of objective evaluation by a third- party organization, FTSE
 The Itochu Enex Group’s Corporate philosophy
Code of Conduct: Be Ethical
Declaration of the Group Code of Conduct
Medium-term business plan
“Moving 2018 – Connecting to the future”
 Prioritizing challenges
The Group selected challenges based on their importance to stakeholders and the Itochu Enex Group, and worked on these challenges in order of priority
 Confirming appropriateness of selected challenges
The Group integrated the selected challenges into the Group’s ESG statement and pushed forward with initiatives.
ENEX REPORT 2018
20
ENEX REPORT 2018 21
Challenges and change-related risks concerning energy
Countermeasures for climate change Toward a low-carbon society removing CO2 emissions
Energy shift to electricity (accelerated promotion of EVs, decrease in demand for gasoline)
Utilizing next-generation energy Coexistence of renewable energy and fossil fuels
The Itochu Enex Group will contribute to achieving SDGs
(UN Sustainable Development Goals).
  Challenges and change-related risks of society, life and business
Advancement of the aging population and declining birth rate
Widening disparity between the rich and the poor, generations, and regions Productivity improvement through the use of IT skills Reforms in ways of working
   The environment
Activities to reduce environmental impacts through businesses Environment improvement activities in businesses Environment-themed social contribution activities
Customers
Sales of merchandise and services Provision of information through official website
Safety check operations, customer helpdesk and local community events
Local communities
Social contribution activities Volunteer activities
Dialogue with local residents living around areas of business projects
   Business partners, suppliers
Provision of information through official website Integrated Report ENEX REPORT Corporate Information ENEX OUTLINE Training for subcontractors
Employees
Provision of information through our intranet and in-house booklets
Response to whistleblowing and consulting contact points Communication through various trainings and seminars Conducting an attitude survey for employees
Shareholders, investors
General Meeting of Shareholders, and briefing sessions for announcement of financial results and others Handling interviews on the Company’s circumstances Provision of information through official website Integrated Report ENEX REPORT Disclosure of materials in English
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

                      Strategy
Further growth from developing businesses in response to regional needs
The Energy & Logistics Group: a supportive presence in regional life and industry
 Strategic initiatives aimed at creating value
      ENEARC: strengthening customer-centric regional gas sales
       Integration of six companies in the Kanto, Chubu and Kansai regions on April 1, 2018
ENEARC owns the shares of six Itochu Enex and OSAKA GAS sales companies in the Kanto, Chubu and Kansai regions, and is moving forward with the integration of sales companies by region in order to reinforce the wholesale and retail operations in these areas.
ENEARC Kansai Co., Ltd.
Kansai Area
Itochu Enex Home-Life Kansai Co., Ltd.
Osaka Gas LPG Co., Ltd.
ENEARC Chubu Co., Ltd.
Chubu Area
ITOCHU ENEX HOME-LIFE CHUBU CO., LTD.
Daiya Nensho Co., Ltd.
ENEARC Kanto Co., Ltd.
Kanto Area
ITOCHU ENEX HOME-LIFE KANTO CO., LTD.
Nissho Gas Supply Co., Ltd.
                                                              Answers to all the customer’s oil and gas service needs, in one place
Over more than half a century since it was founded, the Company was organized around oil and gas products respectively, and such matters as business initiatives and personnel assignments were conducted separately and individually by the oil and gas operations. However, what the customers are demanding is an environment in which they can obtain energy more easily, more economically, and in forms that require less effort to use, as well as the convenience of being able to choose freely from a variety of options. Having thought through the issues from a consumer-oriented perspective, the Company launched the Energy & Logistics Group in April 2018 to unify points
of contact with customers in oil and gas sales. Under this new group the Home-
Life Division, which mostly deals with household customers, and the Life & Industrial Energy Division, which consists primarily of Car-Life and industrial customers, will cooperate with each other to promote business, as we unify the points of contact for regional customers.
Creating a variety of new services matched to the area from a resident’s perspective
Going forward, instead of being organized around the products it handles, the businesses, personnel and organization of the Energy
& Logistics Group will be optimized on the basis of geographic area. These will then provide the energy products and diverse services
that are really required from the perspective of the region and local residents, aiming to become the company most supported and chosen by both the region and by customers.
Integrating oil and gas operating companies in the Tohoku area
This consumer-oriented approach to unifying the points of contact with oil and gas customers is spreading out to other companies within the Group. In April 2018, the operations of Itochu Enex Home-Life Tohoku Co., Ltd., which operates an LP gas sales business in the Tohoku area, and Tohoku Tanku Shoukai Co., Ltd., which operates an oil sales business primarily in Aomori Prefecture, were merged. Both companies are working to provide even more attractive energy products to their respective customers, and enhancing their sales competitiveness.
Energy & Logistics Group
Home-Life Division + Life & Industrial Energy Division
Reorganizing the LP gas sales network in cooperation with OSAKA GAS
   Gasoline
Due to stagnant demand, the domestic LP gas industry is struggling with severe business conditions, and raising productivity through expanding the business foundation and strengthening cost competitiveness has become an urgent issue.
In response to this, on October 1, 2017, the Company and OSAKA GAS CO., LTD. established a joint-venture company, in which each company took a 50% stake, named ENEARC Co., Ltd., thus integrating and reinforcing the LP gas wholesale and retail businesses in the Kanto, Chubu and Kansai regions. Reorganization of the business is also being implemented in other regions. As a result of these actions, the Group’s LP gas customer base (including city gas) has grown to around 1.5 million households.
Going forward, we will continue to contribute to society as an LP gas operator that provides stable supply, as well as a strong response in times of emergency, by means of more transparent pricing and an extensive network.
Making ENEARC the most familiar and reliable regional presence
ENEARC will generate synergies by concentrating the management resources of the sales companies in each area, and raise efficiency by reorganizing businesses, resulting in the provision of more competitive and higher quality products and life services. In this way, it aims to become “the most familiar and reliable regional presence for local customers,” and to transform itself into a company that is also active in the housing field.
Reorganization in areas other than Kanto, Chubu and Kansai
Effective October 1, 2017, Nissho Petroleum Gas Corporation, a subsidiary of OSAKA GAS, transferred its entire shareholding in its subsidiary Nissho Propane Sekiyu Co., Ltd. to the Company, and its entire shareholdings in Ehime Nissho Propane Co., Ltd. and Kochi Nissho Propane Corporation to ITOCHU ENEX HOME-LIFE NISHI- NIHON CO., LTD. Also, in the Hokkaido area, the operations of Itochu Enex Home-Life Hokkaido Co., Ltd. and Nissho Propane Sekiyu
were integrated, and the reorganization of the business by region is proceeding steadily.
Customer base after reorganization (LP gas/city gas)
1.5 million households
      City gas
Life services Kerosene
1.08 million households
   LP gas
Everything begins with the customer.
     Overview of ENEARC Co., Ltd.
Integration of the wholesale and retail LP gas operations in the Kanto, Chubu and Kansai areas. The goal is to raise efficiency by sharing strengths and know-how to generate synergies, concentrating management resources, and reorganizing businesses.
Head office Established Capital Representative
Investment ratio
: 2-10-1 Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo
: October 1, 2017
: ¥1.04 billion
: Masaaki Itoyama, Representative Director,
President and Chief Executive Officer
: Osaka Gas 50.0%, Itochu Enex 50.0%
Building an energy bridge to the future.
The name of the company is derived from “energy” and “arc.” The name incorporates our wish to be a bridge to a dynamic future, and to become the most valuable presence in our customer’s lives.
Goal of Energy &
Logistics Group’s Business Development
Optimized for Area A Gas products
Optimized for Area B Gas products
 Oil
Services
Area A consumers
Oil
Services
Area B consumers
     ENEX REPORT 2018 22
ENEX REPORT 2018 23
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

 Strategy Strategic initiatives aimed at creating value
Further growth from developing businesses in response to regional needs
Strategy Strategic initiatives aimed at creating value
Using the wind to drive new growth
Promoting an electric power business that contributes to a low-carbon society
Deploying proven business models globally
Philippines
The Republic of Palau
Indonesia
Capturing the rising demand for energy in Asian regions to drive growth
Using the know-how and business models developed in Japan, and leveraging the overseas network of the Itochu Group, we are actively developing overseas projects. The Asian market, with its remarkable economic growth, is a particular target, and we are actively working to establish businesses while keeping in mind the characteristics of local demand and geopolitical stability.
“Making Asia our backyard”
The Tainai wind power generation plant steadily in its favorable location overlooking the Sea of Japan
The JEN Tainai Wind Farm owned by the Group stretches along the Sea of Japan coastline of Tainai City in Niigata Prefecture for a total length of 8 km, consisting of 10 wind turbines with a generating capacity of 2,000 kW each. In this region, strong winds blow from the west-northwest in the winter, and the average annual wind speed is as high as 6.4 m/s.
Sufficient for
11,000 households
Annual power generated by Tainai Wind Farm
¥8.0
Total investment in improvements over four years
IP&E Palau,Inc.
PT.ITC ENEX INDONESIA
Creasia Energy Holdings, INC.
Sales of industrial gas in Indonesia
PT. ITC ENEX INDONESIA was founded as a joint venture between the Company and ITOCHU INDUSTRIAL GAS CO., LTD., and manufactures and sells industrial gas primarily to Japanese- affiliated companies that have entered the Indonesian market.
Overview of the business in fiscal 2017
By obtaining a sales license for all varieties of industrial gas in November 2017, the conditions for expanding sales improved significantly. The safety and security implied by Japanese quality (safety and storage management etc.) have been well received by both Japanese-affiliated companies and local companies, and it has developed into a business in which we can be highly confident of ongoing growth.
Outlook going forward
From this point on, we will leverage the full advantages of being able to sell all varieties of industrial gas, extend our share of the growing Indonesian industrial gas market, and seek to improve profitability through alliances with local companies.
Palau Project
By acquiring a 25% stake in IP&E Palau, Inc., we have entered the business of petroleum product import and wholesale, as well as direct sales, in the Pacific region.
LP gas sales business in the Philippines
The primary operating entity is Isla Petroleum & Gas Corp. (IP&G), in which an equity stake has been taken by Creasia Energy Holdings, INC., a joint venture between the Company and ITOCHU Corporation, and which is developing an LP gas sales business in the Philippines.
Overview of the business in fiscal 2017
With the intention of conveying the LP gas business know-how we have developed in Japan to IP&G, the company in which we have taken an equity stake along with our local partner, we have worked intensively on matching Japanese and Philippines culture, the industry and the market, and are promoting the sharing of our ideas with local staff.
Outlook going forward
By improving operational efficiency through the introduction of a bar code system for container management, offering consulting functions, proposing high value-added supply equipment, and introducing new gas-driven equipment such as GHP*, which leads to reductions in energy costs, we seek to entrench our position with customers and create demand for LP gas.
*GHP: Gas engine Heat Pump air conditioner system that uses a gas engine to rotate the external compressor, and provides heating and cooling through the action of a heat pump.
Hydroelectric power plant begins major program of improvements in preparation for the next hundred years
In the Myoko mountain range of Niigata Prefecture runs the Yashirogawa river, on which
is located the hydroelectric power facilities owned and operated by the Group’s Joetsu Energy Service (hydroelectric facilities No.1, No.2 and No.3). This plant began operations nearly a century ago, in 1927, and has gradually deteriorated over time. Accordingly, a major program of improvements has been started, and is scheduled to finish in December 2021, with the aim of raising the efficiency of Overview of improvement project
billion
ENEX REPORT 2018 24
ENEX REPORT 2018 25
In addition, as well as achieving a high degree of tracking to cope with changes in direction and
the upward-rising winds characteristic of Japan, lightning countermeasures of the highest level have also been introduced. The wind power generation facilities have continued to operate safely and stably, and produce about 30,000 MWh, roughly enough to supply electric power to the equivalent of around 11,000 households.
Overview of site
the facilities. After operation restarts, the Feed-in Tariff (FIT) Scheme for Renewable Energy will be adopted, and we will work to strengthen our balanced internal power portfolio, which includes our specialty of renewable energy.
Business location
Generating capacity Scheduled completion Electric power sales
Joetsu City, Niigata Prefecture
9 MW
December 2021
FIT adopted for entire output
Business location
Generating capacity
Annual power generated
Tainai City, Niigata Prefecture
10 turbines of 2,000 kW capacity
Around 30,000 MWh
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

 Strategy Strategic initiatives aimed at creating value
Raising productivity, and securing and developing human resources
Promoting ENEX EARLY BIRD working style reforms
Launch of “Overseas Training System” to develop global human resources
Introduction of casual dress day
Leaving behind the suit, and fostering a culture that allows the emergence of more flexible thinking, as well as improving communication.
Enex nursery
Supporting both work and child- rearing by establishing a daycare center facility for employees, facilitating an environment in which they can work without worrying about their child.
Enex café opens
Revitalizing communication by opening a space for relaxation within the office.
Promoting mobile work
An initiative* to promote the sharing of office spaces within the Itochu Group in order to improve productivity.
Support for company sports
Leaving the office at a set time to perform exercise is encouraged, and expenses associated with internal company sports activities are partially subsidized.
Seconded to: South Africa
Seconded to: Singapore
Seconded to: UAE
Seconded to: Philippines
Seconded to: Indonesia
Seconded to: United Kingdom
Seconded to: Thailand
Seconded to: Indonesia
ENEX REPORT 2018 26
ENEX REPORT 2018 27
Certified as one of the “Excellent Enterprise of Health and Productivity Management” and signatory to the Tokyo Work Style Reform Statement
(Certified from 2017 onward)
Certified as a Company Promoting Sports in Tokyo, and as a sports-supporting company
Progress report on working style reforms in FY2017 (compared to FY2016)
80% 5% 15hours 1hour 60% 4%
Percentage of employees taking paid vacation time Average overtime per month Non-smoking ratio (for those not seconded to other companies/non-executives)
*The “Itochu Group Sharing Office” initiative consists of four companies: Itochu Enex, ITOCHU Corporation, Nippon Access, Inc., and FamilyMart UNY Holdings Co., Ltd.
Seconded to: United States
Seconded to: United States
The goals of ENEX EARLY BIRD working style reforms
Developing and fully utilizing human resources, an important intangible asset, is the key to the creation of value demanded by customers and the market. Through the ENEX EARLY BIRD working style reforms that the Group has been implementing since November 1, 2016, we seek to draw out the full capabilities of each employee, and to link this to sustainable medium- to long-term growth.
Overview of the ENEX EARLY BIRD initiative
We have implemented fundamental initiatives around the three pillars of “banning long work hours,” “promoting health,” and “enhancing the quality of work performed.” We are also working to become an even better company, a company where employees find their work rewarding and express pride in their employment in front of their family and society, as well as a company where employees can work with consideration for others.
Measures implemented
(1) Shifting from late-night overtime to morning-based work
(2) Ending meals with customers or colleagues by 10:00 p.m. (3) Setting a target of taking at least 80% of paid vacation time (4) Setting a target of at least 80% of employees with a BMI of
less than 25
(5) Setting a target of at least 80% of employees being
nonsmokers
(6) Improving the quality of communication by two levels
(7) Improving the quality of meetings by two levels
(8) Improving the quality of documents and materials by two levels
Moving head office to Kasumigaseki Building for a next- generation workplace
As part of one of the basic policies stated in the Group medium-
term business plan, “Connecting people and functions of the Group
— Reforming the organizational base,” the head office will be moved
to the Kasumigaseki Building in February 2019.
*Itochu Enex and 10 others, including group companies, are scheduled to move into the Kasumigaseki Building.
Relocation concept and floor plan
Connecting to the future
— Connecting people and functions of the Group for future growth —
Nurturing the skills and temperament that enable the creation, development and expansion of business in overseas markets,
The Group is making efforts to expand overseas, with Asia as the primary market. From April 2018 onward, we began a system whereby mainly younger employees, irrespective of their current area of business, are posted overseas to ITOCHU Corporation group companies or Itochu Enex group companies, to do actual work. As well as acquiring skills in English and local languages, trainees will seek to understand local business customs and culture, and also
to accumulate business know-how, resulting in the nurturing of personnel who are able to respond immediately and flexibly to future developments in the overseas business. In addition, in order to support the acquisition of English by employees, we have implemented a new system to subsidize the expense of learning English. We believe that developing global human resources is one of the key points influencing the Company’s growth potential going forward.
Nurturing the next generation of business leaders
This management training, which aims to cultivate the knowledge and skills for a new generation of leaders, is an initiative to develop personnel who can take a big-picture view of the Group and possess not only curiosity, wide-ranging knowledge, a spirit that embraces challenge, and sensitivity to risk but also the overall ability to put these to good use. Furthermore, we make full use of a graduate school for working professionals to deepen business management expertise through such qualifications as Master of Business Administration or certified public accountant. We support an extensive educational program that allows each individual to engage with their work in a worthwhile way, and to further their career.
Promoting the strengthening of diversity and human resources
What is required as the Company works to create innovation going forward is the richness of the population, consisting of diversity of viewpoint, sensitivity, intellect,
career, values and dynamism.
1. Improvedcommunication
– Making intentional connections between people and organizations –
A layout with routes that allow circuits of the floor, and that permits the mingling of people and information
A layout that allows internal cooperation to take place more widely, more deeply and more quickly
2. Nurturing a sense of unity
– Sharing the same space together, having the same awareness –
A multipurpose space that allows people to gather and transcend group, floor and position inside or outside the company
Integrated reception that conveys a shared sense of the unique aspects of Enex
3. Working style reforms
– Implementing ENEX EARLY BIRD –
Working floors that help you become healthy without you realizing it
A space in which to concentrate and work with high efficiency, facilitating the generation of new concepts and values
To develop, maintain and further grow this abundance, the
Group is working on initiatives to strengthen diversity, which will also help create a healthier and more sustainable organization and corporate culture.
Strengthening initiatives to hire and fully utilize women
Shift to digital also to be promoted in new workplace
Internal extensions that use smart phones (transfer from fixed lines), enhancement of online meeting and seminar functions, and strengthening of information security through digitalization of documents, discontinuing the use of individual cabinets, etc.
Hiring and full utilization of employees of foreign nationality
At Enex Fleet Co., Ltd., six employees of Philippine nationality have been hired and are working in vehicle inspection and maintenance operations in the Car-Life Station (CS) business, following the Technical Intern Training Program supported by the Japan International Training Cooperation Organization (JITCO) as permitted by the Cabinet Office. ITOCHU INDUSTRIAL GAS CO., LTD. has also hired three employees of Indonesian nationality as technical interns, working on the coating operations within the container pressure inspection process at the company’s factory. When hiring foreign employees, we provide detailed support in the form of Japanese language education and extensive training program.
The first cohort of students passing through
the overseas training system that began in April 2018
10employees, 8countries, 2years
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

      Strategy Strategic initiatives aimed at creating value
   Message from CFO
Through effificient fifinancial and capital operations, we are supporting the sustainable growth of the Itochu Enex Group.
Pursue profitability and growth potential and work to optimize assets.
While placing an emphasis on balancing “offense” and “defense,”
to realize sustainable growth and increased corporate value, we
will continue to prioritize the allocation of management resources
to highly profitable businesses such as the electric power field. Furthermore, we will reduce the resources allocated to businesses with low profitability or undue risk, thoroughly implementing so-called “selection and concentration.” As a tool to achieve these goals, we completed the revision of our investment criteria in the previous fiscal year, and while being more aware of the balance between risk and return, we will work to optimize our assets.
We changed the consolidated dividend payout ratio to 40% or more. We will continue stable dividends.
We have striven for the stable and sustainable return of profits to shareholders, but given that we exceeded plans in the final year of the medium-term business plan in fiscal 2017 (net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders of ¥10.8 billion) and given the steady progress in improving the revenue base, based on an overall consideration of medium- to long-term results and capital efficiency, etc., in fiscal 2018 we changed our basic policy relating to profit distribution from the previous “consolidated dividend payout ratio
of 30% or more” to “40% or more.” Going forward, while increasing profitability, we will work to realize continuous growth and respond to the expectations of shareholders.
Going forward, through continuous dialogue, we will work to further improve our IR activities.
The Company’s basic policy for our IR activities is to deepen shareholders’ and investors’ understanding about the Company and work to enhance our corporate value through continuous dialogue with them. Based on this basic policy, in addition to the financial results presentation meetings held twice annually and attended by all directors, as well as the interviews with institutional investors and security company analysts, through two-way dialogue at briefings for individual investors and other initiatives, while deepening their understanding about the Company, we listen earnestly to opinions about the Company’s management system and business strategy, etc. and reflect them in management.
Going forward as well, through a sincere approach with shareholders and investors and continuous dialogue, we will work to further improve our IR activities.
Investment amount and real cash flows from operating activities* (billions of yen)
■Home-Life ■Life & Industrial Energy ■Power & Utility ■Mobility Life ■Other 􏰀Real cash flows from operating activities
6.0 0.4
3.4
7.2
 Investment policy
   Director and Chief Financial Officer, Atsushi Katsu
Record profit for three straight years! The first year of the medium-term business plan got off to a strong start.
Fiscal 2017 was the first year of the medium-term business plan “Moving 2018 Connecting to the future.” The current plan is a two- year plan, and its basic policy is to promote the reform of the revenue base and organizational base to connect to future growth.
Looking back at fiscal 2017, we largely exceeded the goals
set forth in the quantitative plan of “a net profit attributable to
Itochu Enex’s shareholders of ¥10.4 billion” with ¥11.0 billion and succeeded in recording record profit for three straight years. This result also exceeded our target of ¥10.8 billion in the final year of the plan.
However, profit from operating activities fell below fiscal 2016 results at ¥17.2 billion, but this was mainly due to the promotion
of the reform of the revenue base, including the reorganization
and integration of the LP gas business and withdrawing from and disposing of inefficient locations, with levels still exceeding the fiscal 2017 plan. Therefore, we believe the first year of the medium- term business plan got off to a strong start both quantitatively and qualitatively.
By supporting the soundness of the Company from the financial base and boosting profitability, we are working to increase our corporate value.
To continuously implement proactive investment in fields that act
as growth drivers, we will work to maintain a highly sound financial base. In addition to maintaining the same level of net DER of 0.17 times for the past three years, with a current ratio of 121.6% and an equity-to-asset ratio of 30.3%, the Company has a sufficient base to promote proactive investment. Going forward, we will maintain these conditions, and support the soundness of the Company.
Furthermore, we have succeeded in maintaining a level below 80% for the ratio of SG&A expenses to gross trading profit, set as a KPI to secure profits and promote efficient management, continuing to control our business portfolio, shrink inefficient businesses, and review inefficient operations through the promotion of work-style reforms (ENEX EARLY BIRD), as we work to maintain and improve these levels and boost our profitability and efficiency. This will allow us to steadily achieve ROE of 9% or more and represent a financial base and revenue base that can achieve 10% ROE or more.
23.5
25.4
4.6 2.4
6.6
0.7 0.6
7.2
  25.6
4.9 1.9 5.1 2017/3
Annual dividends per share and dividend payout ratio
   Fiscal 2017 review
Trends in major financial indicators
1.8 17.3 8.8
3.9 4.8
2014/3
0.2 0.6
1.1 0.5
22.2
3.2
Current ratio ROE
118.2%
80.8%
29.3%
7.8%
0.26 times
2014/3
Ratio of SG&A expenses to gross trading profit Net DER
Equity-to-asset ratio
105.5%
83.0%
29.6%
5.7%
0.25 times
2015/3
123.1% 123.9% 121.6%
81.8% 79.8% 79.9%
33.1% 31.5% 30.3%
2015/3
*Cash flows from operating activities excluding working capital, etc.
11.7
12.7
   Shareholder return policy
2016/3
2018/3
 58.6%
¥20
46.8% 45.2% 32.4% 31.7%
Commemorative ¥22 dividend ¥4 ¥20
¥16 ¥16
¥32
34.8%
¥40 41.0%
     7.5%
0.17 times 2016/3
10.0%
0.17 times 2017/3
2018/3
Assets by business
■Home-Life
■Life & Industrial Energy ■Power & Utility ■Mobility Life
■Other
Total
Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders
■Home-Life
■Life & Industrial Energy ■Power & Utility ■Mobility Life
■Other
Total
9.8%
0.18 times 2018/3
35.1% 42.7% 30.5%
¥16 ¥16 ¥16
36.3%
¥24
             Changes to the business portfolio
2014/3
Assets by business
■Home-Life
■Life & Industrial Energy ■Power & Utility ■Mobility Life
■Other
Total
Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders
■Home-Life
■Life & Industrial Energy ■Power & Utility ■Mobility Life
■Other
Total
¥66.1 billion ¥146.4 billion ¥80.2 billion ¥63.4 billion ¥26.5 billion ¥382.6 billion
¥4.0 billion ¥5.1 billion ¥2.2 billion ¥0.2 billion
¥(0.5) billion ¥11.0 billion
2008/3 2009/3 2010/3 211/3 2012/3 2013/3 2014/3 2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3
Financial results presentation meeting
Dialogue with shareholders and investors
 Financial strategy and capital policy
   ¥64.3 billion ¥192.7 billion ¥44.8 billion - ¥19.2 billion ¥321.0 billion
¥2.8 billion ¥2.3 billion ¥2.4 billion
- ¥(0.4) billion ¥7.1 billion
  ENEX REPORT 2018 28
ENEX REPORT 2018 29
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

  Segment
The ability to create value
[BEFORE] FY2017
Profit from operating activities / Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex's shareholders
[NEW] FY2017
Profit from operating activities / Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex's shareholders
 [by Division]
Profit from operating activities
Net profit attributable to our shareholders
Before Organization (~2018/3)
[by Division as of 2018/4~]
Profit from operating activities
  Industrial Energy & Logistics Division Profit from operating activities / Profit
1.8 billions of yen / 1.3 billions of yen
Power & Utility Division Profit from operating activities / Profit
4.6 billions of yen / 2.2 billions of yen
Home-Life Division
Profit from operating activities / Profit
3.3 billions of yen / 4.0 billions of yen
Mobility Life Department
Profit from operating activities / Profit 2.0 billions of yen / 0.2 billions of yen
Power & Utility Division Profit from operating activities / Profit
4.6 billions of yen / 2.2 billions of yen
Home-Life Division
Profit from operating activities / Profit
3.3 billions of yen / 4.0 billions of yen
Life & Industrial Energy Division
Profit from operating activities / Profit
7.8 billions of yen / 5.1 billions of yen
                                 Life Energy & Logistics Division Profit from operating activities / Profit
8.0 billions of yen / 4.1 billions of yen
Net profit attributable to our shareholders
New Organization (2018/4~)
        Power & Gas Business Group
Power & Utility Division
 Home-Life Division
    Energy & Logistics Group
Home-Life Division
    Energy Innovation & Logistics Business Group
Industrial Energy & Logistics Division
Life & Industrial Energy Division
 Life Energy & Logistics Division
  Exept for "Adjustment" stated in the Earnings Reports.
ENEX REPORT 2018 30
ENEX REPORT 2018 31
New
Mobility Life Department
Power & Utility Group
Power & Utility Division
Direct of Executive Advisory Officer
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

 Segment The ability to create value
 Business divisions
Home-Life Division
Through delivering LP gas and various smart-energies,
we propose “comfortable,” “affluent” and “secure” lifestyles.
Chief Operating Officer, Energy & Logistics Group and Chief Operating Officer, Home-Life Division
Fiscal 2017 review
Drove the reorganization of the LP gas industry, overseas businesses also grew
In October, we established ENEARC Co., Ltd. through a joint investment with OSAKA GAS CO., LTD. Sales companies in the Itochu Enex Group and the OSAKA GAS Group were placed under the umbrella of the newly established company, and the Itochu Enex Group acquired shares in three Osaka Gas Group sales companies in Hokkaido and two prefectures in Shikoku. As a result, the number of customers under direct LP gas supply contracts increased to approximately 546,000.
Regarding sales of electricity for households, the division promoted the expansion of the customer base by focusing mainly on sales of combined LP gas and electricity supply packages. As a result, as of March 31, 2018, the number of supply contracts increased by around 12,000 for a total of approximately 54,000.
In overseas businesses, the sales network and the customer base are growing strongly in our industrial gas sales business in Indonesia (PT. ITC ENEX INDONESIA) and at our LP gas sales business in the Philippines (Isla Petroleum & Gas Corporation).
Direct LP gas supply
540,000 customers across Japan LP gas, city gas sales
1.50 million customers across Japan
Itochu Enex Home-Life Hokkaido Co., Ltd. Itochu Enex Home-Life Tohoku Co., Ltd. Itochu Enex Home-Life Nishi-Nihon Co., Ltd.
      Profit from operating activities (billions of yen)
3.7
2019/3 plan
Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders (billions of yen)
Kyosuke Wakamatsu
     3.3 2018/3 results
The market environment
4.0
2018/3 results
3.0
2019/3 plan
ENEARC Kanto Co., Ltd. ENEARC Chubu Co., Ltd. ENEARC Kansai Co., Ltd. ECORE Co., Ltd.
       The domestic LP gas market is welcoming a large period of change, with a scramble for clients beyond the boundaries of the gas industry through the full liberalization of retail power and city gas, as well as the reorganization of oil sales companies, etc. However, turning to the overseas market, economic growth in Asian countries is leading LP gas demand to grow year by year, and we expect largely expanded synergies with our existing businesses going forward. In the Home- Life Division, our business must stay one step ahead of the times, as we work to understand the needs of the market and customers and pursue the streamlining and increased efficiency of our operations. We provide added value in our existing strengths and continue to be “Our Customers’ First Choice” both in Japan and overseas.
LP Gas sales (Unit: Thousands of tons) 􏰀Nationwide 􏰀The Itochu Enex Group 18,659
The number of customers under direct LP gas supply contracts following business reorganization with the OSAKA GAS Group
345,000 􏰂 546,000 (up 201,000 year on year) Promoting set sales of “LP gas + electricity” The number of
customers under electricity supply contracts
42,000 􏰂 54,000 (up 12,000 year on year)
Identifying growth strategies in peripheral businesses
􏰀Industrial gas business growth strategy (cooperating with other companies and pursuing M&A)
􏰀Stabilize earnings in the high pressure gas container pressure testing business
􏰀Pursuing innovation in BtoB peripheral businesses
Overseas businesses
􏰀Indonesia (industrial gas sales business): expanding customer base by diversifying sales schemes
􏰀Philippines (LP gas sales business): creating new demand and expanding business by utilizing Japanese knowhow
Topics
  17,333 16,421 16,488 16,405 16,571 994
686 681
15,394 15,504 14,693 14,413
Fiscal 2018 initiatives
Rebuilding the LP gas wholesale and retail sales bases Focusing on “increasing,” “defending,” and “improving” the customer base
􏰀Thorough segment management by organizing and increasing the accuracy
of the customer database
􏰀Implementing effective approaches and promotions for each customer 􏰀Preventing customer loss through retention policies utilizing sales of other
products such as electricity and kerosene as well as peripheral services and
points, etc.
􏰀Strengthening our base and training human resources through the sales
promotion campaign “Iikyan!”
Home-Life Division overview
   633 619
2008/3 2009/3 2010/3 2011/3 2012/3 2013/3 2014/3 2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3
625
619
619
546,354
601
597
 Medium- to long-term ideal profile
Expand our customer base through LP gas +
service
Customers (Unit: customer)
   In the division, the medium-term business plan lists 1) expanding the customer base, 2) optimizing assets, and 3) increasing earning power, and we are working to rebuild the revenue base. We aim to provide an even greater level of benefits to our customer base, which has expanded greatly from the second half of fiscal 2017 (see graph to the right). Furthermore, in this period as well, we are creating a “sense of value” from our products and services through close collaboration with other divisions and have won a “sense of trust” from increased brand recognition. We plan to further expand and improve overseas businesses by combining the knowhow cultivated in Japan with the market and customer needs of each country, and by promoting and providing new fields of business.
308,116
2013
317,365
2014
328,399
2015
343,983
 Around 1.6 times
        ENEX REPORT 2018 32
ENEX REPORT 2018 33
2016 2017
Business domains
Main products and services Main customers
Forms of business
Energy for home and business use, solutions for richer, more comfortable living
LP gas, home smart energy devices, city gas, electricity, industrial gas, solutions for comfortable living 1.50 million households across Japan, corporate users, 2,700 distributors
Retail and wholesale sales
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

 Segment The ability to create value
 Business divisions
Life & Industrial Energy Division
We will help build a better society with diverse forms of energy and services to benefit local people and industry.
Chief Operating Officer, Life & Industrial Energy Division
Fiscal 2017 review
Withdrawing from unprofitable CS and promoting new business
[Life Energy field]
In the CS-related*1 business, we continued to introduce our new POS system at affiliated CS sites and used a shared loyalty points system to exchange customers with companies in other sectors. The number of Car-Life Stations in the Itochu Enex Group as of March 31, 2018 was 1,812, marking a net decrease of 76 stations from the end of the previous fiscal year due to planned withdrawal of unprofitable stations.
In the automobile-related business, ENEXAUTO CO., LTD. started operating the Itsumo Rent-a-Car business under a new brand, Carlife Stadium car rentals in April. We strive to improve the quality of vehicles and sales services for customers to expand the functions of the car rental network, while also working to attract more customers through web-based promotions and customer transfers from other companies.
[Industrial Energy field]
The asphalt sales business was strong, recording a year-on-year increase in sales. In the AdBlue*2 sales business, we are expanding our sales channels such as exports to Singapore and sales for ships.
In the Industrial Energy sales business, in addition to existing products, we are providing new value by proposing new products starting with sales of GTL*3, a diesel replacement fuel made with natural gas as the raw material. In the marine fuel sales business, we deployed our new fuel supply ship at Oita Port in November, giving the business a nationwide fleet of eight supply ships. Furthermore, we began operating a lubricant oil supply ship in Seto Inland Sea.
In addition, we also focus on building the environmental and recycling-related business as a new business base. In the fly ash
Fiscal 2018 initiatives
Affiliated CS chain business (BtoBtoC)
􏰀Optimizing sites and strengthening the sales network
􏰀Diversifying products and services (electricity and automobile-related
business, etc.)
􏰀Clarifying the new CS vision (regionally focused one-stop businesses, etc.)
Life & Industrial Energy Division overview
business*4, which recycles and sells coal ash discharged from the Itochu Enex Group’s thermal power plants, KANOU FA CO., LTD. started full-scale operations in November and has been promoting business expansion. Moreover, the slop and oil recycling business, which recycles and sells waste oil recovered from ships, is building a track record and is promoting expansion of the business.
*1 Car-Life Stations: Car-Life Stations are service stations offering multiple services provided by the Company.
*2 AdBlue is a high-grade urea solution used in SCR systems, which detoxifies nitrogen compounds (NOx) contained in exhaust gases of diesel vehicles.
*3 GTL is the acronym of Gas to Liquid technology, which is used to convert natural gas to gasoline, kerosene, diesel and other fuels. GTL is a method of producing environmentally friendly fuel that contains almost no sulfur or metals, etc.
*4 Fly ash business: The fly ash business recovers and processes fly ash (a type of coal ash discharged from coal-fired thermal power plants). The processed fly ash is then reused as a roadbed material for asphalt road surfacing and other applications.
Asphalt, marine fuel, industrial energy, and terminal, etc. business (BtoB)
􏰀Promoting the environmental recycling business (fly ash, slop and recycled
oil, PCB processing and mediation, etc.))
􏰀Appropriate operations and enhanced capabilities of assets including
terminals and ships
􏰀Responding to changes in the market from factors including IMO
regulations, etc.
Other overall
􏰀Sharing customer bases and promoting regional strategies through organizational integration
􏰀Creating the means of responding to the accelerating shift in society to IT, and streamlining the overall operational flow
      Profit from operating activities (billions of yen)
Toshihisa Fuse
Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders (billions of yen)
7.8
2018/3 results
The market environment
7.8
2019/3 plan
5.1 2018/3 results
5.3
2019/3 plan
Topics
■Results of structural reforms including withdrawing from unprofitable CS
Number of affiliated CS
1,888 􏰂 1,812 (decrease of 76 stations year on year)
■Rebrand from Itsumo Rent-a-Car to Carlife Stadium car rentals
completed
Searching on Carlife Stadium
■Established a manufacturing and sales company for products recycled from coal ash
“KANOU FA CO., LTD.” Joint investment by three companies: NICHIYUU CO., LTD. 31%, Kanokosan Co., Ltd. 20%, Itochu Enex Co., Ltd. 49%.
               The market environment of the division is characterized by a
structural trend of decline in the use of fuel for vehicles at CS (Car-
Life Stations) and petroleum fuels in industry due to factors such as
the declining birth rate and aging population and the more efficient
use of energy. Like demand for petroleum fuels, the number of
service stations across Japan has declined by half from the peak to
around 31,000, and the trend of decline is expected to continue. In
addition, further streamlining and consolidation in the petroleum fuel
industry is expected to accelerate due to the reorganization of major
oil companies. That said, we believe the liberalization of electricity and
gas and environmental regulations such as IMO* will lead to increased
opportunities for new business development utilizing the business
base and customer base we have cultivated thus far.
*New low-carbon regulations for ship fuels (changed from 3.5% to 0.5% sulfuric content for ship fuels) from the International Maritime Organization to take effect in 2020.
Medium- to long-term ideal profile
Supporting community life and the lifestyle base
The division is working to expand services rooted in community life and to develop businesses supporting industry from the base. We
will quickly and appropriately respond to the nature of diversifying products and services and carefully respond to regional needs. Furthermore, while flexibly responding to changes in the industry environment, including the shift to IT, reorganization of major oil companies, and IMO regulations, we aim to create a divisional system that can evolve without fearing change.
Itochu Enex Group’s sales of gasoline and number of service stations
􏰀Group gasoline sales (Unit: thousand KL) 􏰀Group service stations (Unit: station) 􏰀Directly managed CS (internal number) (Unit: station)
 3,832
2,174
335
4,079
2,153
322
3,982
2,144
4,266
2,157
4,317
2,182
307
3,993
2,118
324
3,593
2,039
3,722
1,973
3,587
1,888
3,328
1,812
    298
2009/3 2010/3 2011/3 2012/3 2013/3 2014/3 2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3
295
297
264
208
205
       ENEX REPORT 2018 34
ENEX REPORT 2018 35
Business domains
Main products and services
Main customers
Forms of business Overseas market
Contributing to life and energy in communities from petroleum products through the automotive, electric power, and industrial fields
Gasoline, kerosene, diesel oil, fuel oil, LP gas, electricity, automotive, car rental, living and automotive products and services, AdBlue, asphalt, marine fuel, import/export of petroleum products, terminal tank rental, recycling of fly ash, recovery and recycling of slop
Approx. 1,800 affiliated CS sites, 3,500 corporate business sites, domestic road companies, sea shippers, public agencies
Retail and wholesale sales Guam, Palau
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

Segment The ability to create value
 Business divisions
Power & Utility Division
We operate electric power-related and heat supply businesses that deliver energy efficiency, comfort and economic benefits.
Chief Operating Officer, Power & Utility Group and Chief Operating Officer, Power & Utility Division
Fiscal 2017 review
Implemented collaborations with other industries, launched ESP business*1
[Electric power business]
Electricity sales volume and profits in the electricity sales field increased from the previous fiscal year, led by the Company and Oji- Itochu Enex power retailing Co., Ltd., reflecting growth in electricity sales to business users and households and closer cooperation for capabilities in electricity supply and demand operations, in addition to the diversification strategy of power source supplies, although margins compressed following the steep rise in wholesale power market prices due to a harsh winter and other factors. In this field, ENEX LIFE SERVICE CO., LTD. will lead efforts to form alliances with companies that have strong customer bases in local areas
and companies in other sectors, in order to promote investigations of new value proposals for households and small companies. We launched a collaboration business with electricity in partnership with Bay Communications Inc. and MIYAZAKI CABLE TV NETWORK, which run cable television businesses.
In the power generation field, total power generation increased from the previous fiscal year, due to the start of operations at a new thermal power plant in October 2017, but profit decreased year on year due
to factors including the nonrecurrence of a gain on sales as a result of the sale of wind power generation facilities for the purpose of replacing business assets, which was recognized in the previous year.
[Heat supply business]
Demand for heat varied due to fluctuations in average temperatures during the fiscal year, but overall demand for heat increased year on year due to the impact of GINZA SIX*2, to which supplies started in April. In addition, we established The Reliance Energy Okinawa, Incorporated in December 2017 as a joint venture of The Okinawa Electric Power Company, Incorporated, OSAKA GAS, and Tokyo Toshi Service CO., LTD., one of our group companies, to provide heat supply and other ESP business in the Okinawa area.
*1 Service that owns electric and heat source facilities, etc. and supplies cold and hot air-conditioning water, hot water for hot-water supply, steam and others on behalf of customers in the use of energy.
*2 GINZA SIX is a multipurpose commercial facility located in Ginza district, Chuo-ku, Tokyo. Group company Tokyo Toshi Service CO., LTD. provides district heating services to the facility.
     Profit from operating activities (billions of yen)
Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders (billions of yen)
Masahiko Takasaka
 6.4
2019/3 plan
Office Tower X
Large temperature Cold difference water
Large temperature Hot difference water
Office Tower Y
Office Tower Z
Cold water tank
TR: Air-source turbo cooling machine
HTHP: Air-source heat pump (heat recovery type)
Heat supply center
  4.6 2018/3 results
The market environment
2.2 2018/3 results
Electricity sales
2.8
2019/3 plan
Hall
Cold/hot water tank
Hot water tank
                            Topics
■Retail power sales
2,431GWh 􏰂 2,672GWh (up10% year on year)
■Business alliances
Established The Reliance Energy Okinawa, Incorporated as a joint
venture of Tokyo Toshi Service, The Okinawa Electric Power Company and OSAKA GAS
 Cold/hot water tank
 There is a harsh competitive environment in the electric power retail market due to companies from different industries entering the market, major power companies playing catch up, and continuous changes in the electric power business system. Meanwhile, as demonstrated by the entry into force of the Paris Accord and increasing focus on ESG investment, energy businesses must simultaneously pursue not only economic benefits but also environmental benefits. Japan’s Strategic Energy Plan approved by the cabinet stipulates making renewable energy the main power source by 2030, accounting for 20–24% of total energy production. Against this backdrop, creating a business model that responds to the dynamically changing market environment and diversifying needs of members of local communities is growing even more important.
Medium- to long-term ideal profile
Creating a structure that can respond to more diverse needs, from power generation to sales
The division has conducted business activities aimed at “becoming a one-of-a-kind presence that provides new services through electric power and heat” using the strength of our unified system from power generation through sales. Going forward as well, in the power generation field, we will pursue the balance of environmental benefits and economic benefits by strengthening renewable energy business incorporating financial solutions. Furthermore, in the sales field, together with our regional business partners with strong customer bases, we will provide services rooted in the local community such as new services and integrated energy services combining power and heat incorporating digital technologies and contribute to local development.
􏰀Power producers and suppliers total (Unit: thousand MWh) 􏰀Liberalization Division share
􏰀The Company’s retail power sales (Unit: thousand MWh)
66,720 12.6%
   15,272 14,541 15,353
5.2%
District heat supply business image (Harumi Island district)
Power generation business
2.6% 2.5%
2.8% 3.5%
3.6% 3.5% 4.2%
40,232 28,173 7.6%
19,956 19,425 19,106 22,715
2,672 2,431
DBHP: Air-source turbo cooling machine (heat recovery type)
 231 409
2008/3 2009/3 2010/3 2011/3 2012/3 2013/3 2014/3 2015/3 2016/3 2017/3 2018/3
Supply-demand management
Enex’s balancing group
873
Fiscal 2018 initiatives
Electricity sales business: strengthening regional specialization and sales portfolio improvement
􏰀BtoB: Priority acquisition of small-scale customers considering regional
characteristics and industries, etc.
􏰀BtoBtoC: Aggressively promoting “collaboration businesses with other
industries” considering areas and industries, etc.
􏰀Additional services: Strengthening the development of an additional service
model compatible with electricity
Power & Utility Division overview
From power generation benefits through sale of
 3 80
􏰀Improving our portfolio of power sources aiming for stable power supply and reduced environmental impact
􏰀Promoting investment in renewable energy power generation facilities Fusing the Itochu Enex Group’s operational knowhow in various power
plants with financial solutions, we are strengthening our development of renewable energy power generation
Heat supply business
􏰀Through The Reliance Energy Okinawa, we are strengthening our development of a comprehensive energy services business in the Okinawa area
􏰀Strengthening initiatives in our comprehensive energy services business centered on heat and electricity supply services
and demand supply adjustments in pursuit of energy conservation, comfort, and economic electricity and district heat supply
      Purchase
Itochu Enex Power in-house power
( generation )
Oji Group power plants
   Business domains
 Main products and services
 Main customers
 Forms of business
     (
Purchase from the outside Other companies,
markets )
Sales
Enex
OJEX
Alliance with
a partner in a different industry
 Electricity, steam, heat supply, comprehensive energy services
Corporations, individuals, power companies, office buildings and business complex Vertically integrated model based on power generation, demand supply, and sales
   ENEX REPORT 2018 36
ENEX REPORT 2018 37
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information
Customers
Electric power development

Segment The ability to create value
 Business divisions
Mobility Life Department
Guided by the keywords of the quaternary industrial revolution, the environment, and new technology, we aim to create mobility and life services for a more prosperous local community base.
Chief Operating Officer, Power & Utility Group and Executive Advisory Officer for Mobility Life Department
Masahiko Takasaka
Main Group Companies (as of August 1, 2018)
Home-Life Division
Name
ITOCHU ENEX HOME-LIFE HOKKAIDO CO.,LTD. ITOCHU ENEX HOME-LIFE NISHI-NIHON CO.,LTD. ITOCHU INDUSTRIAL GAS CO.,LTD.
PT. ITC ENEX INDONESIA
Life & Industrial Energy Division
Name
ENEX FLEET CO.,LTD.
ENEX PETROLEUM SALES HIGASHI-NIHON CO.,LTD. KYUSHU ENERGY CO.,LTD.
Power & Utility Division
Name
Tokyo Toshi Service CO.,LTD. Oji-Itochu Enex power retailing Co.,Ltd.
Mobility Life Department
Name
Paid-in Capital (million yen)
43.0 450.0 115.0 676.0
Paid-in Capital (million yen)
100.0 57.0 100.0
Paid-in Capital (million yen)
400.0 100.0
Paid-in Capital (million yen)
Controlling share (%)
100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0
Controlling share (%)
100.0 100.0 75.0
Controlling share (%)
66.6 60.0
Controlling share (%)
    ENEARC Co.,Ltd.
 1,040.0
 50.0
 ITOCHU ENEX HOME-LIFE TOHOKU CO.,LTD.
80.0
100.0
 ECORE CO.,LTD.
480.0
51.0
J-Cylinder Service Co.,Ltd.
10.0
100.0
■Profit from operating activities (billions of yen)
■Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders (billions of yen)
2.0
0.9
2019/3 plan
         KOKURA ENTERPRISE ENERGY CO.,LTD.
 400.0
 100.0
 2018/3 results
0.2
2018/3 results
0.1
2019/3 plan
 *The above results are for the new business structure in fiscal 2018 (car dealer business and biodiesel production business in the US).
Fiscal 2017 review
In the car dealer business, unit sales in the third quarter declined sharply compared to the same period a year earlier due to the impacts of improper conduct in final inspections for vehicles by Nissan Motor Co., Ltd., which came to light in September. However, unit sales in the fourth quarter recovered and exceeded unit sales in the same period a year earlier due to the introduction of new car models. Combined with strong sales in the first half of the fiscal year, total unit sales for the full year exceeded that in the previous year.
Fiscal 2018 initiatives
Automobile-based business
􏰀Sharing Nissan Osaka’s customer base and evaluating new automobile- related businesses (Telematics business, etc.)
Nissan Osaka Sales fiscal 2017 results (consolidated)
ENEXAUTO CO.,LTD.
100.0
100.0
    Total trading transactions
¥105.3 billion
(up ¥4.2 billion year on year)
Vehicle unit sales (year on year)
 ENEX PETROLEUM SALES NISHI-NIHON CO.,LTD.
100.0
100.0
  Profit from operating activities
¥2.1 billion New (down ¥0.3 billion year on year) vehicles
Used vehicles
Social and infrastructure-based business
29,000
(up 2,000 vehicles)
       Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders (included)
¥0.6 billion
(down ¥0.1 billion year on year)
25,000 vehicles (up 1,000 vehicles)
     ENEX Electric Power Co., Ltd.
 100.0
 100.0
 􏰀Carsharing business evaluation
􏰀Evaluating new social and infrastructure businesses aimed at the customer base of Oji-Itochu Enex power retailing Co., Ltd. and ENEX LIFE SERVICE CO., LTD.
􏰀Creating new contents and evaluating businesses that contribute to building regional infrastructure (Agricultural IoT, HEMS, etc.)
Environmentally based business
􏰀US biofuel plant begins full-fledged operations
􏰀Provided raw materials (waste cooking oil) to Euglena bio jet fuel
demonstration plant
ENEX LIFE SERVICE CO., LTD.
100.0
100.0
    Mobility Life Department overview
 Business domains
 Main products and services
 Joint Participation
 Project
   Car dealing, next-generation biofuel, and the creation of new services connecting to the environment, society and lifestyle
Vehicles handled by Nissan Osaka Sales Next-generation biodiesel manufacturing business (US) Euglena domestic bio jet fuel demonstration project
  OSAKA CAR LIFE GROUP CO., LTD.
  310.0
  52.0
      ENEX REPORT 2018
38
ENEX REPORT 2018 39
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

Management
Management supporting value creation
 Continuously evolving corporate governance aiming for sustainable growth and improvement in the corporate value
Two Outside Directors talked together about the operation of corporate governance of the Itochu Enex Group.
to continue.
Saeki: Absolutely. I also appreciate the management of the Board of Directors. You can classify members of the Board of Directors into three groups: Executive Directors, Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members. All the officers speak freely from their respective viewpoints, and there are no problems that could threaten the independence between the business management and the Board of Directors.
Shimbo: Firstly, the Company has a free-spirited, open and transparent corporate culture. In addition, practical and constructive discussions are conducted by the Board of Directors under the outstanding, and fair leadership of its chairperson, President Okada. Also, when I go to the office, I also hold a meeting with the Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Members who are outside officers to exchange honest views and develop a common understanding of the issues. I think we have formed good collaborative relationships.
Strengthening the supervisory function and supporting decision-making for growth
Shimbo: As the scope of operations has expanded over the last five years, management has been steadily steering the Company forward while carrying out thorough discussions and taking sound risks.
Saeki: I believe that the intention behind corporate governance reforms, which have attracted attention in recent years, is for each company to strengthen its “earning power” for shareholders. Since globalization is also intensifying in the energy field, businesses cannot be operated satisfactorily with only a domestically oriented mindset. As a consequence of globalism, there is an increasing level of business execution that involves risk-taking, and executive officers are shouldering heavy responsibilities. For that reason, it is important that as outside officers, we provide appropriate advice and recommendations based on knowledge accumulated outside the Company so that business executors make reasonable and objective decisions.
Shimbo: In that sense, I think the Governance Committee, which was set up as an advisory body for the Board of Directors in 2015, has played prominent roles. One such role is ensuring compliance with the Corporate Governance Code. The current full compliance with the code is exactly a result of exhaustive discussions by the Governance Committee on what is appropriate to the Company and how it should respond. Other than this effort, the committee also discussed various challenges and contributed to evolution
of the Company’s corporate governance through reports to and discussions with the Board of Directors. To further enhance this function, the operating structure was enhanced in June 2018 by increasing the number of members to five, of which four members are independent, outside officers. I believe this will allow the Company’s use of “outside scrutiny” to become better than ever. Saeki: That is quite right. As a member of the Governance Committee, I too will properly fulfill my duties.
Expecting the appointment of female officers and cooperation with executive officers
Shimbo: For the evolution of the Company’s corporate governance, I am hopeful there will be more women appointed as officers, and
I particularly expect the number of female Directors to increase. Since the energy sector was originally a male-centered society,
the Company has not developed such female talent. However, as the Company positions environment and life services as important growth fields, it is essential to incorporate the views, sensibility and values of women into management. If no well-qualified person is found in the Company, the Company also has the option of inviting someone from outside.
Saeki: I am hopeful that the quality of cooperation with outside officers will be enhanced further. Although the number of outside officers has been growing recently, I do not think this trend alone will improve the management. The number of outside officers is
not the most important thing. What matters is to foster a quality cooperative relationship where outside officers represent the interests of shareholders and express their candid opinions on the management, and executive officers lend their ear to those opinions. While the economy is becoming uncertain on a global basis, the market in the Company’s business fields is shrinking with the rapid aging and very low birthrate in Japan. In order for the Company
to take on challenges for growth in this environment, I will strive to achieve fruitful cooperation with executive officers, making use of knowledge cultivated in my career as a bank officer, lawyer and faculty member.
Shimbo: Currently, the Company aggressively implements returns to shareholders, setting the dividend payout ratio at 40%. However, from now on, we will need to steer the management while balancing revenue, investments and dividends under a long-term vision. I expect all employees in the Itochu Enex Group to work on their tasks as a team while growing as “The best partner for life and society” in a sustainable way and increasing the corporate value.
Exclusive discussion between
two Outside Directors
    Outside Director / Independent
Ichiro Saeki
Having unrestricted discussions based on proactive information disclosure
Shimbo: During my term as Outside Director, which is now
into the fourth year, I think the disclosure of management information has been improving steadily. In addition to the explanations we receive at monthly debriefing sessions regarding items to be discussed at the Management Advisory Conference and examination agendas for the Board of Directors, since June 2018, we have been provided with a tablet PC, which allows us
to additionally access the intranet and a website exclusive for company officers via the internet enabling us easy access to various information even from our homes.
Saeki: As you said, I believe the information disclosure is at a satisfactory level. Because the Company is a company with Audit & Supervisory Board, the Board of Directors assumes a heavy burden
Outside Director / Independent
Seiichi Shimbo
and the information that officers are required to be familiar with
is wide-ranging. Nevertheless, in addition to receiving preliminary explanations, we also receive a wealth of materials by email and other means. The Company has been proactively promoting on- site inspections by officers. I, together with Mr. Shimbo, inspected Sendai Power Station last year. This year, we are planning to visit the heat supply plants of Tokyo Toshi Service and a hydroelectric power plant held in Niigata Prefecture. After all, opportunities to look at sites and get employees’ firsthand views are important. There is
a big difference between reading information on documents and directly hearing opinions, and that is why such inspections are so important.
Shimbo: From this year, we have started holding informal meetings with the General Managers of the Corporate Administration Divisions to hear about problems in the Company. Although we have just launched this effort, it is definitely something we would like
      ENEX REPORT 2018 40
ENEX REPORT 2018 41
Improving the quality of cooperation
with executive officers, making use of Mr. Saeki’s experience in business, legal affairs and education
Supporting sound risk taking and connecting the growth strategy to improvement in returns to shareholders
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

Management Management supporting value creation
Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members and Executive Officers
Board of Directors' Members
1 2 3 4 5 6
Directors
1. 2. 3. 4.
7 8 9 10 11 12
Audit & Supervisory Board's Members
5. 6. 7. 8.
                                Representative Director, President and Chief Executive Officer, Itochu Enex Co., Ltd.
Kenji Okada
1974 Joined ITOCHU Corporation
2012 Representative Director, President and
Chief Executive Officer
Number of the Company’s shares owned 95,800 shares
Board of Directors Meeting Attendance: 12 Significant concurrent positions outside the Company: Outside Director, Cosmos Initia Co., Ltd.
Director and Senior Managing Officer
Masahiko Takasaka
Chief Operating Officer, Power & Utility Group, Chief Operating Officer, Power & Utility Division, and Executive Advisory Officer for Mobility Life Department, Itochu Enex Co., Ltd.
1980 Joined ITOCHU Corporation
2018 Director and Senior Managing Officer Number of the Company’s shares owned 11,300 shares
Board of Directors Meeting Attendance: 12 Significant concurrent positions outside the Company: Director, Osaka Car Life Group Co., Ltd.
Director, Nissan Osaka Sales Co., Ltd.
Director and Managing Officer New election
Kyosuke Wakamatsu
Chief Operating Officer for Energy & Logistics Group, Chief Operating Officer for Home-Life Division, Itochu Enex Co., Ltd.
1985 Joined Itochu Enex Co., Ltd.
2018 Director, Itochu Enex Co., Ltd. Number of the Company’s shares owned 14,200 shares
Board of Directors Meeting Attendance: –
11.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Satoshi Nakajima
1987 Joined ITOCHU Corporation
2016 Audit & Supervisory Board Member,
Itochu Enex Co., Ltd.
Number of the Company’s shares owned : – Board of Directors Meeting Attendance: 12 Significant concurrent positions outsaide the Company:Chief Financial Officer for Energy & Chemicals Company, ITOCHU Corporation Audit & Supervisory Board Member, C.I. TAKIRON Corporation.
Director and Executive Officer New election
Tatsuro Utsumi
Chief Compliance Officer, General Manager for Corporate Planning Department, Itochu Enex Co., Ltd.
1987 Joined Itochu Enex Co., Ltd
2018 Director, Itochu Enex Co., Ltd. Number of the Company’s shares owned 13,100 shares
Board of Directors Meeting Attendance: –
12.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Outside Independent
Shozo Tokuda
1981 Joined Asahi & Co.
1985 Registered as Certified Public
Accountant
2017 Audit & Supervisory Board Member,
Itochu Enex Co., Ltd.
Number of the Company’s shares owned : – Board of Directors Meeting Attendance: 7 Significant concurrent positions outsaide
the Company: Audit & Supervisory Board Member (outside), Mitsui Chemicals, Inc.
Director and Executive Officer New election
Atsushi Katsu
Chief Financial Officer, Chief Information Officer, and Chief Operating Officer, Corporate Administration Division
1983 Joined ITOCHU Corporation
2018 Director, Itochu Enex Co., Ltd. Number of the Company’s shares owned - shares
Board of Directors Meeting Attendance: –
Executive Officers
Managing Officer
Keiichi Matsuzuka
Deputy Chief Operating Officer, Power & Utility Group
Executive Officer
Ichiro Sekiguchi
Assistant to Chief Operating Officer, Life & Industrial Energy
Division, Energy & Logistics Group
Executive Officer
Shigeru Kondo
President, and Chief Executive Officer, Itochu Industrial Gas Co., Ltd.
Director
Outside Independent
Seiichi Shimbo
1975 Joined Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
2015 Director, Itochu Enex Co., Ltd. Number of the Company’s shares owned 6,500 shares
Board of Directors Meeting Attendance: 12 Significant concurrent positions outside the Company: Outside Director, Carlit Holdings Co., Ltd.
Director
Outside Independent
Ichiro Saeki
1975 Joined The Nippon Fudosan Bank 1995 Registered with the Daini Tokyo Bar
Association as an attorney-at-law 2004 Established Shi-Go-Roku Law Office
as Representative Attorney
2016 Outside Director, Itochu Enex Co., Ltd. Number of the Company’s shares owned 4,100 shares
Board of Directors Meeting Attendance: 12 Significant concurrent positions outside the Company: Representative Attorney, Shi-Go- Roku Law Office
Professor, Law School, Aoyama Gakuin University
Director
Hisato Okubo
1986 Joined ITOCHU Corporation 2017 Director, Itochu Enex Co., Ltd.
Number of the Company’s shares owned - shares
Board of Directors Meeting Attendance: 8 Significant concurrent positions outside the Company: Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer for Energy Division, ITOCHU Corporation
Director, Sakhalin Oil and Gas Development Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer
Naohiro Matsuzawa
General Manager, Mobility Life Department
Executive Officer
Takeo Fukushima
President, and Chief Executive Officer, Tokyo Toshi Service Co., Ltd.
  Audit & Supervisory Board Members
     9.
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Outside Independent
Yuji Moritsuka
1974 Joined The Nippon Fudosan Bank, Limited
2015 Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member (outside), Itochu Enex Co., Ltd.
Number of the Company’s shares owned 6700
Board of Directors Meeting Attendance: 12 Significant concurrent positions outsaide the Company: Audit & Supeervisory Board Member of OSAKA CAR LIFE GROUP CO., LTD., Nissan Osaka Sales CO., LTD., and ECORE CO.,LTD.
10.
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
New election Outside Toyohiro Sunayama
1983 Joined ITOCHU Corporation
2018 Standing Audit & Supervisory Board
Member, Itochu Enex Co., Ltd. Number of the Company’s shares owned : – Board of Directors Meeting Attendance: – Significant concurrent positions outsaide
the Company: Audit & Supeervisory Board Member of Tokyo Toshi Service CO., LTD., ENEX Electric Power CO., LTD.,
ENEX FLEET CO., LTD.
Executive Officer
Toshiyuki Tsuruoka
Deputy Chief Operating Officer, Life & Industrial Energy Division, Energy & Logistics Group
Executive Officer
Toshihisa Fuse
Chief Operating Officer,
Life & Industrial Energy Division, Energy & Logistics Group
Executive Officer
Tsukasa Motegi
President, and Chief Executive Officer, Enex Fleet Co., Ltd.
      *The Number of the Company’s shares owned is stated, as of the end of March 2018.
*Independent: Director / Audit & Supervisory Board Member registered at the Tokyo Stock Exchange as an independent officer. *This system is stated, as of August 2018.
*Executive Officers are not the members of Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board.
*Board of Directors Meeting Attendance is out of the 12 attendance times as of FY 2017.
(As long as Mr.Okubo and Mr.Tokuda, 8 attendance times as of FY 2017.)
ENEX REPORT 2018 42
ENEX REPORT 2018 43
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

Management Management supporting value creation
Corporate Governance
Basic approach to corporate governance
Based on the Code of Conduct “Be Ethical (Reliability and sincerity, creativity and ingenuity, transparency and integrity)” and Declaration of the Group Code of Conduct, the Company remains committed to thorough compliance as a corporate citizen, focusing on shareholder interests and ensuring management transparency when it engages in business management, emphasizes positive initiatives for information disclosure with a view to securing managerial transparency, and endeavors to make prompt and accurate disclosure.
Response to the Japan’s Corporate Governance Code
The Company agrees with the spirit of “growth-oriented governance” called for in the Tokyo Stock Exchange, Inc.’s Corporate Governance Code and its efforts regarding governance are carried out with the aim of demonstrating sound leadership by senior managers and making transparent and fair decision making. For details on the Company’s response to the Corporate Governance Code, please see the Company’s website (https://www.itcenex.com/english/governance/20180620/180620e.pdf).
Response to the June 2018 revisions to the Corporate Governance Code
We plan to release details on the Company’s response to the June 2018 revisions to the Corporate Governance Code in the revised version of the Company’s Corporate Governance Report to be issued by December 2018.
Corporate governance system
The Company has the Board of Directors and udit & Supervisory Board Members (the Audit & Supervisory Board). The Board of Directors comprises eight members (two of whom are Outside Directors). In accordance with laws and regulations, the Company’s Articles of Incorporation, Rules of the Board of Directors and other
Basic policy for corporate governance
internal rules, the Board of Directors makes decisions on material matters and oversees the Directors’ performance of duties.
Each Director executes his or her duties based on the roles defined by the Board of Directors in accordance with laws and regulations, the Articles of Incorporation and internal rules. To strengthen the Board of Directors’ decision-making and oversight functions and increase the efficiency of business execution, the Company has adopted an executive officer system. As delegated
by the Board of Directors and Representative Directors, Executive Officers execute the duties assigned to them based on decisions made by the Board of Directors. The Audit & Supervisory Board comprises four members (three of whom are Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members), and performs audits to examine the appropriateness of the Directors’ business execution in accordance with the Rules of the Audit & Supervisory Board and Audit Standards for Audits by Audit & Supervisory Board Members.
Corporate governance system summary chart
Company with the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members (the Audit & Supervisory Board)
8 (2)
4 (3)
One year (same for Outside Directors)
Yes
Governance Committee has been established.
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors determines the fundamental management policy of the Company and assumes the role of supervising management. In addition to the exclusive rights defined by laws and regulations, the Board makes decisions on the execution of important business matters based on quantitative and qualitative aspects. On the other hand, in light of the importance of prompt decision-making, the Board also delegates decision making on ordinary business execution to the Directors and Executive Officers wherever possible and supervises the status of their business execution. The Directors, who act as trustees appointed by shareholders to engage in management, have the obligation to exercise the due care of a prudent manager in the performance of duties and to contribute to the sustained growth of the Company and medium- to long-term improvement in corporate value.
Enhancement of the functions of Governance Committee
To strengthen management supervision, the Company established the Governance Committee in 2015 as an advisory body for the Board of Directors and has held meetings about six times per
year since that time. This Committee consists primarily of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members and conducts deliberations ahead of the Board of Directors on material matters on governance such as nominations and remuneration of officers, serving an important role in reporting deliberation results to the Board of Directors. Through such measures, the Company
Corporate governance system
believes that it has secured additional transparency with respect to decision-making on important corporate governance issues.
Changes in management structure of Governance Committee
    Chair
After change (from the 58th ordinary general meeting of shareholders)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members (independent officer)
Internal Directors
Outside Audit &
Supervisory Board
Members
(independent officer) 1
Independent Outside Directors 1
Before change
       Composition
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members (independent officer)
 2 Directors 2
Independent Outside Internal Directors
1 Total 5
Roles of Governance Committee
Internal Directors
2 Total 4
   (1) Verification of policies and proposals for nomination of individual candidates for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
(2) What the remuneration system for officers should be (policy on the determination of remuneration and the appropriateness of remuneration levels, etc.)
(3) Analysis and evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors as a whole
(4) Other important matters regarding governance
 Form of organization design
 Number of Dir ctors (of whom, the number of Outside Directors)
 Number of Audit & Supervisory Board Members (of whom,
the number of Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
 Term of office of Directors
 Adoption of executive officer system
 A voluntary advisory body to the Board of Directors
 Accounting auditor
            Appointment and dismissal
Audits and reporting
Selection and supervision
General meeting of shareholders
Appointment and dismissal
Audits
Reporting
Appointment and dismissal
Accounting Auditor
Accounting audits
    Board of Directors (Directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board (Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
     1. Ensuring shareholders’ rights and equality
2. Appropriate collaboration with non-shareholding stakeholders
3. Appropriate information disclosure and ensuring transparency
4. Duties of the Board of Directors and other bodies
5. Dialogues with shareholders
The Company takes appropriate actions to effectively secure shareholders’ voting rights at general meetings of shareholders and other rights.
In accordance with the Code of Conduct and Declaration of the Group Code of Conduct, the Company works for its stable development over the long term and constantly improves corporate value as a company that is attractive to customers, business partners, employees, national and other public authorities, local communities and all other stakeholders that are positioned as important by the Company.
In addition to proper disclosure in accordance with laws and regulations, the Company proactively undertakes information disclosure as required in the principles of Japan’s Corporate Governance Code from the perspectives of ensuring transparency and fairness of the Company’s decision-making and of achieving effective corporate governance.
The Board of Directors determines the fundamental management policy of the Company and assumes the role
of supervising management. In addition to the exclusive rights defined by laws and regulations, the Board makes decisions on the execution of important business matters based on quantitative and qualitative aspects. On the other hand, in light of the importance of prompt decision-making, the Board also delegates decision making on ordinary business execution to the Directors and Executive Officers wherever possible and supervises the status of their business execution. The Directors, who act as trustees appointed by shareholders to engage in management, bear the duties of loyalty and of due care as prudent managers in their performance of duties, and they contribute to the sustained growth of the Company and medium- to long-term improvement in corporate value.
The Company endeavors to facilitate dialogues with investors, including shareholders, with a view to building excellent relationships in accordance with its IR Basic Policy. The department responsible (Corporate Communications Office) and the officer responsible for IR operations (CFO) facilitate such dialogues as part of IR communications activities. The opinions and requests obtained through IR communications activities are fed back to management as necessary, and the Company endeavors to use this feedback to continually improve the corporate value.
IR Basic Policy https://www.itcenex.com/english/ir/policy/basicpolicy/
Consultation and reporting
 Governance Committee
      CCO*1
President
 Management Advisory Conference
        Reporting
Internal audit
Outside consultant
Consultation
CFO*2
Risk Management Committee Internal Control Committee Disclosure Committee
  CIO*3
   Audit Department
      Business Groups, divisions and group companies
   ENEX REPORT 2018
44
ENEX REPORT 2018 45
*1 CCO: Chief Compliance Officer *2 CFO: Chief Financial Officer *3 CIO: Chief Information Officer
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

Management Management supporting value creation
Corporate Governance
Management Advisory Conference and committees
The Company has established the Management Advisory Conference and several committees with the objective of contributing to decision-making by the President and the Board of Directors relating to the appropriate and flexible execution of operations.
Discussion on material matters concerning the Company’s overall management policy and business administration as an advisory body for the President
Comprehensive deliberations on matters ranging from identification of companywide risks to devising, implementing, evaluating and examining measures to respond to material risks
Deliberations on matters concerning the development and improvement of internal control systems
Deliberations on matters concerning the development, improvement and operation of internal controls in relation to disclosure of corporate information, etc. and financial reporting
Criteria for judgment of outside officers’ independence
In regard to criteria for judging the independence of outside officers, the Company makes a judgment on their independence by confirming whether they fall under items (1) to (5) below and in accordance with the requirements for independence of outside officers prescribed by Tokyo Stock Exchange, Inc. and other financial instrument exchanges in Japan.
(1) Person who is not or has never served in the past ten (10) years as a business executor* (with respect to Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, this includes Directors who do not execute business operations) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries;
(2) Person who is not or has not served in the past three (3) years as an officer or a business executor of the Company’s parent company or a business executor of any of the Company’s fellow subsidiaries under the parent company;
(3) Person who is not or has not been in the past three (3) years either a large shareholder directly or indirectly holding not less than 10% of the Company’s shares or a business executor of such large shareholder;
(4) Person who was not in the latest financial year or had not been in the three (3) financial years preceding the latest financial year either a large business partner whose transaction volume (net sales or purchases) with the Company accounted for more than 2% of the Company’s overall transaction volume in the latest financial year or a business executor of said large business partner; or
(5) Person who has not served in the past three (3) years as a consultant, accounting specialist, legal specialist or tax specialist receiving annual compensation of 10 million yen or more from the Company (if the person receiving such compensation
is a corporate entity, association or other organization, this includes persons who belong to such organization) in addition to Director’s compensation.
* Business executor means executive director, executive officer, other employees, etc.
Parent company
As the parent company, ITOCHU Corporation owns 54.0% of the voting rights of the Company and the Company is a consolidated subsidiary of ITOCHU Corporation. Within the ITOCHU Group, the Company is positioned as a core company with respect to domestic sales and the import/export business of petroleum products in which Japan is a business base. As an important business partner, the Company engages in petroleum products trade and facilitates an exchange of information concerning conditions in domestic
and international markets for crude oil and petroleum products, personnel exchange and other business initiatives relating to electrical power, environmental businesses, overseas projects, etc. The Company recognizes no business constraints being exerted by the parent company and believes that it can make its own management decisions while maintaining its independence and autonomy. In addition, there are concurrent holding of positions by Directors and loaning of employees among the Company, ITOCHU Corporation and their group companies. This does not impede the Company from making independent managerial decisions, and the independence of the Company is secured.
Policy on cross-shareholding
The Company has a policy of holding shares of any customer or business partner solely on the condition that the holding of such shares is deemed to contribute to maintaining medium- and long- term relationships, expanding transactions, acquiring know-how, etc. or otherwise improving the Company’s corporate value. The Company exercises voting rights related to cross-shareholdings appropriately, not based on standard criteria but by closely examining the content of the relevant proposal and determining whether the proposal contributes to the improvement of shareholder value, and from perspectives such as whether the proposal would lead to the realization of medium- to long-term corporate value
in consideration of the management policy, strategy, etc. of the portfolio company.
Changes in measures to strengthen corporate governance
Evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
The Company requested all Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members to submit opinions about the effectiveness of the Board
of Directors as a whole for FY2017 based on each Director’s self- evaluation. After deliberations made by the Governance Committee based on these opinions, the Board of Directors conducted an analysis and evaluation at a meeting.
Additionally, remuneration for Audit & Supervisory Board Members is determined through deliberation of the Audit & Supervisory Board (Members), and there is no payment of bonuses nor stock-based remuneration. Director remuneration for FY2017 was as follows.
Performance-linked stock-based remuneration plan
Based on a resolution of the 57th ordinary general meeting of shareholders held on June 21, 2017, the Company introduced
a new performance-linked stock-based remuneration plan for Directors, excluding Outside Directors and non-executive Directors, to add to basic remuneration and bonuses, for the purpose of raising their awareness of contributing to improving the medium- and long-term business performance and enhancing the corporate value of the Company. The plan is a performance-linked and stock-based remuneration system, under which points are given
to Directors according to certain criteria, including the attainment
of performance targets, and a number of shares of the Company corresponding to the number of points are granted to Directors at the time of their retirement from office, in principle. In introducing the plan, the Company adopted a system for “Stock Distribution Trust for Directors,” whereby a trust created by the Company and funded with its money acquires shares of the Company and provides shares from the trust to the eligible Directors.
Internal controls
To comply with laws and regulations and the Articles of Incorporation, and to execute business properly, the Company has established an internal control system and works to continuously strengthen and improve the system. In April 1, 2015, it revised the “Basic Policy
on Internal Control System,” seeking to improve and strengthen its internal systems for ensuring the appropriateness, etc. of corporate governance, compliance and financial reporting.
The Company’s internal control system: https://www.itcenex.com/english/corporate/governance/control/
Elimination of anti-social forces
The Company steps up groupwide efforts to preclude any relationship with anti-social forces in any way whatsoever. This
policy is explicitly set out in the Declaration of the Group Code of Conduct, and the Company has established a system that allows quick action to respond to an unexpected event by maintaining close collaborative relationships with outside specialized agencies, etc. and by promoting the inclusion of the clause for the elimination of organized crime groups in contracts, etc.
  Management Advisory Conference
Risk Management Committee
Internal Control Committee
Disclosure Committee
 Evaluation method
Self-evaluation was implemented using a questionnaire and interviews that were conducted in the following manner.
Subject of evaluation
Meetings of the Board of Directors held between April 2017 and March 2018 (a total of 12 meetings)
Evaluator
Members of the Board of Directors as of April 2018
Outline of implementation
A questionnaire with questions on the composition of the Board of Directors (four items), the operation of the Board of Directors (nine items), frameworks supporting the Board of Directors, dialogues with shareholders (five items), and frameworks for fulfilling roles and duties (two new items) was carried out and free comments (transparency was ensured by requiring the respondents to indicate their names) were allowed. Based on the aggregate results of the questionnaire, individual interviews with Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members were held.
Evaluation results
Effectiveness of the Board of Directors is generally positive.
Operation in FY2017 was generally appropriate overall, and the evaluation indicated that the Board of Directors as a whole has secured effectiveness. Regarding the operation of the Board of Directors, while presentations from presenters showed improvement over the previous year, there were some indications that deliberations on broad direction, such as corporate strategy, and officer training, etc., were areas that required improvement. The Company will draw on these evaluation results to seek to further improve the oversight and decision-making functions of the Board of Directors.
      2015
2015
2016
2017
2018
Establishment of Governance Committee
Election of one (1) Independent Outside Director
Election of two (2) Independent Outside Directors
Introduction of performance-linked stock-based remuneration plan
Changed structure of Governance Committee to center on outside officers
Policies and procedures on determination of remuneration for Directors
Remuneration for Directors excluding Outside Directors and Non- executive Directors is composed of monthly remuneration, bonuses, and performance-linked stock-based remuneration. Monthly remuneration and bonuses are appropriately determined based on predefined payment standards in consideration of factors such as short-term business performance and contributions to the Company, with foundations in standardized amounts according to each position. Amounts of stock-based remuneration are determined based on net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders (consolidated) for a predefined performance evaluation period. Outside Directors and Non- executive Directors receive payment only of monthly remuneration, and do not receive bonuses nor stock-based remuneration.
   Unit: million yen
   Total remuneration
Total remuneration, etc., by type
272 175 94 3 6 44––1 78 78 – – 6
Number of applicable officers
    ENEX REPORT 2018 46
ENEX REPORT 2018 47
Basic remuneration
Bonus
Stock-based remuneration
 Directors (excluding Outside Directors)
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members (excluding Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member)
 Outside officers
 This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

Management Management supporting value creation
Proper information disclosure
Basic policy for IR activities
Based on the corporate philosophy, the Employee Code of Conduct and the Declaration of the Group Code of Conduct as well as the objectives of the Corporate Governance Code issued by the Tokyo Stock Exchange, the Company has established its IR Basic Policy with the aim of establishing fair and excellent relationships with all stakeholders, ensuring a fair market evaluation and achieving a continuous improvement of the corporate value, while pursuing proactive investor relations activities on the principles of “timeliness,” “fairness,” “accuracy,” “clarity” and “continuity.”
Risk management
Risk Management Committee
The Committee aims to create the best possible systems to achieve business continuity by promptly and correctly dealing with all events and risks that may impede the operation of the Company, so as
not to damage public confidence in, and the corporate value of, the Company. Amid rising threats of various risks, the Risk Management Committee leads efforts to continuously manage and mitigate risks by identifying and analyzing risks that could have a material impact on management, implementing countermeasures, preventing
the occurrence and materialization of risks and promoting risk awareness.
Systems for handling emergency situations
The Company has developed an “emergency contact network”
that allows the Company, when an accident occurs or a risk arises in the Group, to quickly obtain accurate information and respond appropriately and, when an earthquake, typhoon, heavy rain or other natural disaster occurs, to quickly grasp the damage to the Group’s facilities and distributors and secure lifelines. As an integrated contact system that connects group companies, business divisions and the president, routes for reporting “large-scale earthquakes
and natural disasters” and “incidents other than disaster” have been developed and are in operation around the clock, 365 days a year, including non-working hours.
Headquarters for BCP and Disaster Response
The Company has formulated a business continuity plan (BCP), primarily in preparation for major natural disasters. The BCP and Disaster Response Headquarters plays the central role in the plan. Headed by the President and with the Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) serving as Deputy Head, the headquarters comprise the Chief Operating Officers of Corporate Administration Division. In the event of a major disaster, the members gather at the designated location and lead company-wide activities to respond to the situation,
by unifying the chain of command and order and focusing on systematic collaboration. In addition, the Company has established a backup system to transfer the Headquarters’ functions to Kyushu Branch (Fukuoka) and Chushikoku Branch (Hiroshima).
  Response to heavy rain event in Western Japan
Heavy rains that occurred at various locations in Western Japan in July 2018 caused the Group’s business locations, sales partners, and employees in these areas to suffer great damage. The Company enacted BCP immediately after the disaster occurred, beginning confirmation on the safety of employees active in the affected areas, working to determine disaster conditions at each facility and initiate repairs, in addition to providing support to customers in affected areas. Response initiatives included recovery of gas tanks that
had been washed away by overflowing rivers, providing repairs for customers with damaged water heaters, and in areas where the water supply had been cut off, swift deliveries for drinking water were made via the group network. In hopes of a recovery as early as possible, 5.03 million yen in donations were collected across the Group (5 million yen donation to the Japan Platform and 30,000 yen donation to the Japanese Red Cross Society), and donations collected from employees were given to the Japan Platform. Additionally, a portion of directly-managed CSs were provided as temporary storage locations for relief supplies.
    Information disclosure covered by this policy
This policy covers information disclosure and dialogues to be conducted by the following means:
Business reports, financial statements and consolidated financial statements, etc.
Other information disclosure
The Company also takes care to ensure that information not covered by the Timely Disclosure Rules of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
is made available in an appropriate manner to all stakeholders, including general investors.
Information that is voluntarily disclosed
Materials for financial results briefing sessions, fact books, etc.
Shareholder newsletters, integrated reports, annual reports in English, etc.
Method of information disclosure
The Company discloses information covered by the Timely Disclosure Rules, using the Timely Disclosure Network (TDnet) in accordance with the rules, as well as on the Company’s website. The Company also takes care to ensure that information not covered by the rules is made available to general investors and shareholders in an appropriate manner based on the objectives of the rules.
Disclosure Committee
The Company has established Disclosure Committee for the purpose of contributing to appropriate and flexible decision-making by the Board of Directors and Management Advisory Conference, exhaustively and swiftly collecting important company information in the Group, discussing whether to disclose relevant information and the accuracy, clarity, sufficiency, fairness and constructiveness of the content of the information and publishing information subject to disclosure.
Dialogues with shareholders and investors
When disclosing information to, and having dialogues with, shareholders, investors and others, the Company complies with relevant laws, regulations and rules and emphasizes two-way communications through dialogues, making efforts to explain its business status, management policy and other information in a timely, fair, accurate and clear manner and on a continuous basis. Feedback from stakeholders, including requests and opinions, is provided to management.
Handling of insider information
The Company adheres to the fundamental principle of not disclosing information to any third party until disclosure is made to the public, and takes reasonable care in handling information, for instance with two or more persons attending dialogues with investors in individual interviews, etc.
Quiet period
For the purpose of preventing the leakage of information concerning financial results and ensuring fairness in information provision, the Company observes a quiet period of two weeks preceding each quarterly and full year earnings announcement and provides no comment or explanation regarding account settlement or earnings estimates during the quiet period.
Understanding shareholder structure
The Company obtains the information on the shareholder register from the administrator of the register and information concerning beneficial shareholders, etc. from a research company to understand and analyze the shareholder structure. It uses the data for IR and SR activities.
Safe and secure facilities in preparation of disaster risk
By learning lessons from various disasters, the Company is strengthening its facilities to protect safety and security of energy.
◎Disaster response stations to secure energy lifelines in the event of disaster ◎Kizuna Net Centers to enable handle energy distribution in the event of
disaster
◎Bulk fuel systems equipped for disaster response to ensure enough LP gas to maintain a broad range of functions including meal preparations, hot water, and power
◎Fuel stations with disaster-response functions designated by the Japanese government as core filling stations for oil and gas in the event of large-scale disaster
◎Use of heat storage tanks in district heat supply as community tanks in the event of disaster
     Strengthening IT security
The Company sees management of information security as an important business issue.
Basic Policy for Information Management of the Group
Itochu Enex Co., Ltd. and its group companies (hereinafter collectively the “Group”) recognize appropriate management of information as an important business issue, and while protecting information assets from various threats surrounding the Group, efforts are made to maintain and improve the Group’s information management systems via appropriate handling of information assets.
1. Compliance
2. Management systems
3. Awareness and
education
4. Response to accidents
Officers and employees of the Group comply with laws, regulations, and other guidelines, etc., regarding information management.
To realize appropriate management of information required for business activities, the Group defines regulations concerning information management, establishes appropriate information management systems under the Chief Information Officer, and maintains systems to swiftly ascertain information management conditions and implement information security measures.
The Group ensures that all officers and employees are aware of the importance of information security and implements continuous education and training for thorough and appropriate management of information assets.
Should an accident occur regarding information management, the discoverer swiftly reports the fact based on predefined rules, and as required, the Group minimizes damages through enactment of appropriate measures to prevent magnification. Furthermore, through analysis of reasons the accident occurred, the Group establishes appropriate management measures and measures to prevent recurrence.
Please visit https://www.itcenex.com/english/privacy/ for details on policies regarding measures in personal information protection. Revised in January 1, 2016
 IR-related disclosure materials
 IR-related publications
       ENEX REPORT 2018
48
ENEX REPORT 2018 49
Principles in IR activities
Timeliness, Fairness, Accuracy, Clarity, Continuity
     Disclosure in accordance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act
Securities reports, quarterly reports, internal control reports, extraordinary reports, etc.
  Disclosure in accordance with the Companies Act
     Disclosure required by the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Timely disclosure information
Decisions, events and other information required
by the Tokyo Stock Exchange to be disclosed in a timely manner
Disclosure of corporate governance reports and others
   Complying fair disclosure rule
Although the Financial Services Agency’s fair disclosure rule (fair information disclosure by listed companies) came into effect in April 2018, the Company has historically made fair and timely disclosure of various information based on its basic policies for IR activities. Moving forward, the Company will swiftly disclose unannounced material facts, material information, and corporate relationship information defined
in insider trading regulations, the fair disclosure rule, and corporate relationship information regulations should such information be disclosed to transaction partners, etc.
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

 Management Management supporting value creation
CSR and compliance
Basic policy of CSR and compliance
We deploy various business activities, mainly on the energy distribution field.
And, we regard rewarding the expectations of all our stakeholders, which are customer (consumer)/ business partner/supplier/community/ shareholder/investor/employee/environment, as an important management task.
To realize the task, under our corporate philosophy "The best partner for life and society", we are striving to penetrate and develop social responsibility as our whole group, through the understanding and compliance of all employees with regard to our original code of conduct, declaration of the Group Code of Conduct.
Code of Conduct
Be Ethical
(reliability and sincerity, creativity and ingenuity, transparency and integrity)
Together with stakeholders
By strengthening connections with all stakeholders and sincerely lending an ear to their voices, the Group will fulfill its social responsibility.
Education and training in CSR and compliance
With the objective of maintaining and making universally known CSR and compliance systems, the Company holds education and training in CSR and compliance for the
Group officers and employees
on an annual basis. In particular, compliance trainings are held across Japan twice a year, during the first and second halves of the fiscal year.
Training at Enex head office
Education and training activities for CSR and compliance
(1) For the Group employees (collective training, training by organizational level, e-learning training)
(2) For CSR and compliance managers and CSR and compliance personnel
(3) For employees of group companies
Promoting awareness of compliance
To promote awareness of compliance, the Company periodically prepares documents for distribution within the Group and sharing on the internal network with the intent of increasing awareness on compliance.
◎Compliance Handbooks
With the corporate philosophy in its mind, the Company works to ensure thorough recognition and awareness of the Code of Conduct, basic policies on compliance, Declaration of the Group Code of Conduct, and commentary on internal rules, laws, and regulations. In cases where the Group employees are faced with difficult decisions, they can refer to this handbook, seek a solution to the problem, think carefully on compliance, achieve correct understanding, and reflect these in their actions.
◎Compliance program
An easy to understand description on CSR and compliance promotion activities, including objectives, systems, incident and accident response, and whistleblowing and consulting contact points.
◎Compliance case studies
An easy to understand description on examples and response methods for various big and small compliance violations, including improprieties, harassment, labor, claims, legal and regulatory violations, and information leakage.
Itochu Enex Group awareness survey
In the present day, as scandals in areas such as accounting improprieties, embezzlement, harassment, and labor at various companies, organizations, and bodies are on the rise, the Group conducts a compliance awareness survey for officers and employees at group companies with the intent of ascertaining the state of compliance awareness within the Group and preventing
the occurrence of misconducts within the Group. These evaluation results are used to create new initiatives and to improve compliance training.
          Environment
Employees
Customers
Shareholders and investors
Business partners Suppliers
Local communities
        Declaration of the Group Code of Conduct
Relationship with customers
We are committed to maintaining the quality of products handled by the Itochu Enex Group and ensuring their safe and stable supply, while endeavoring to prevent accidents and disasters from occurring. We also strive to create an environment that makes it possible for our customers to make their own rational decisions with respect
to selecting better products and services, and accordingly we do not mislabel products nor do we offer excessively high premiums. Furthermore, we appropriately manage personal information provided to us by our customers, and strive to conduct business for the purpose of providing products and services that will consistently satisfy our customers.
Relationship with business partners
We appropriately manage all forms of business partner information retained by the Company, adequately protect such confidential information, while conducting commercial activities under principles of fair and free competition, and maintaining sound, reasonable and transparent relations with the political world and administrative bodies.
Relationship with suppliers
We afford our suppliers fair treatment and select them on the basis of objective criteria. We strictly observe laws and regulations, and our internal rules regarding business transactions, and never participate in bid-rigging, cartels or any suspicious misconduct that might provide an unfair impression.
Relationship with employees
We consider the health and safety of all employees with whom
we are involved, and duly strive to create a safe and comfortable workplace environment for them. Accordingly, we comply with relevant laws and regulations, prohibit all sorts of harassment including sexual and power harassment. Moreover, we respect human rights of individuals, never discriminate by reason of gender, ethnicity, origin, religion, personal values or otherwise, nor do we infringe on the privacy of individuals. We immediately inform our dedicated consulting staff, and attempt to resolve issues, in the event that a situation should emerge whereby an individual himself or herself, or an officer or an employee commits a violation against the Declaration of the Group Code of Conduct, or otherwise in the event that a situation should arise where there has been an act in violation of relevant laws and regulations, internal rules or other rules that the individual cannot identify.
Relationship with corporate properties
We use corporate assets and properties in an effective and efficient manner, comply with laws and regulations and internal rules, and perform proper and transparent accounting procedures. Moreover, we rigorously manage the Company’s important confidential information in order so that it is not divulged to parties outside the Company.
Relationship with local communities
We help support and develop local communities through extensive communications and revitalization efforts involving such communities. Moreover, we maintain sound and appropriate relations with public servants and administrative bodies and never engage in illegal acts such as those that involve committing bribery or providing business entertainment or gifts.
Environmental activities
We take the global environment into account in the course of performing the Company’s ongoing business activities. We also comply with environment-related laws and ISO standards and have established an internal system of environmental management. In addition, we endeavor to address environmental preservation and actively engage in environment-friendly businesses.
Relationship with shareholders and investors
We strive to improve our corporate performance and stably distribute profits to our shareholders. We clearly communicate with our shareholders and investors by disclosing adequate information in
a timely manner, and endeavor to enhance shareholder returns by conducting active investor and public relations activities.
Moderation in corporate behavior
We observe public rules and internal regulations, and take action within the scope of common sense and social norms. In addition, we never engage in insider trading or act in a manner that would raise such suspicions. We also comply with the Political Funds Control Act and the Public Office Election Act, handle political matters appropriately as a good corporate citizen, and refrain from any and all relationships with antisocial forces in any capacity whatsoever. And, in compliance with the drinking alcohol rules in our company, we take care to drink moderately, always care about health management and carry out operations with good physical condition.
CSR and Compliance systems
The Company has taken steps to improve its compliance system, such as appointing a CCO, establishing a department that oversees matters concerning compliance, developing a CSR and compliance program, appointing a CSR and compliance manager*1 and personnel*2 in each department, providing compliance education and training, writing a compliance manual, clarifying responses to compliance incidents and establishing a whistleblowing system. In addition, each Director, Executive Officer and employee is required to submit an oath of compliance with the Employee Code of Conduct.
Outside consultant
Consultation
Business Groups/Divisions/Group companies and compliance manager
             ENEX REPORT 2018 50
ENEX REPORT 2018 51
*1:
*2:
CSR and compliance manager
CSR and compliance managers of ITOCHU ENEX (hereinafter “Enex”) shall be appointed by the CCO, with one person from each division. Additionally, in principle at group companies, presidents at companies where Enex has an ownership of over 50% shall serve as CSR and compliance managers, also supervising subsidiaries for which said group company has an ownership of over 50%.
CSR and compliance personnel
CSR and compliance personnel shall be appointed by CSR and compliance managers, promoting awareness regarding CSR and compliance, serving as the point of contact when troubles accidents, scandals, or claims occur, and working in environmental preservation and soil contamination prevention.
President
 Management Advisory Conference
 CCO
 Risk Management Committee (Compliance Committee)
 Human Resources & General Affairs Department
  Legal & Credit Control Department
 R&C Promotion Office
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

Management Management supporting value creation
Important challenges of CSR and compliance
Environmental management
In order to realize a low-carbon society and preservation of the local environment, we try to reduce the environmental impact in our own business activities. In the production and the distribution facilities such as petroleum product terminals nationwide, oil and gas reservoirs, gas filling plants, power plants, and other business facilities such as offices, we set annual goals and promoted initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions, energy conservation and resource conservation , we continuously report the achievement level of the target.
Measures for environmental improvement activities in the Itochu Enex Group
As an ISO14001 certified business, the Itochu Enex Group works
to clarify the environmental improvement activities undertaken throughout the Group and formulates an environmental improvement plan. Under three focal areas stipulated in the Environmental
Policy, specific environmental objectives with numerical targets
are established in the Home-Life Division, Life & Industrial Energy Division, Power & Utility Division, and Corporate Administration Divisions, with efforts being made throughout the group toward achievement. These environmental improvement plans are revised annually, and in consideration of societal and lifestyle changes
and business trends in the Group, efforts are made to ensure that activities are rational and effective.
*Environmental improvement plans and performance for FY2017 are provided on page 62.
Ongoing training of Internal Environmental Auditors
Internal audits required to maintain environmental ISO certification are performed by employees who have gained approval as stipulated in our environmental management regulations at the Itochu Enex Group. Also, to continue to maintain the high standards of internal audits, we are working to improve the knowledge and skills of
the people in charge of audits and putting effort into the ongoing training of Internal Environmental Auditors. The number of Internal Environmental Auditors trained within the Group for environmental ISO certification during FY2017 was 34 persons.
Thorough implementation of eco-driving in the supply chain
techniques, and anger management, and they are positively contributing toward CO2 emission reductions throughout the entire supply chain.
*Achievements in CO2 emissions reduction activities in response to the Act on the Rational
Use of Energy during FY2017 are provided on page 63.
Groupwide eco-office activities
In view of the voluntary 1% year-on-year reduction target stipulated by the Act on the Rational Use of Energy, the Itochu Enex Group will work toward the same goal via eco-office activities in FY2018 as well. The state of initiatives at each business location is available in an objective format at all times via the environmental data collection system, which serves to support goal achievement as part of quarterly progress inspections.
Shared across Itochu Enex Group companies
  Our environmental Policy voted by CEO
We’ve established an Environmental Policy that consists of eight themes grouped under three focal areas and functions as guidelines for our activities contributing to the environment and society. Accordingly, we aim to function as an energy company that achieves sustainable growth in harmony with the global environment, to
which end we will facilitate proper understanding of the policy across the entire Itochu Enex Group while forging ahead with policy implementation.
Promoting effective environmental management practices under the environmental ISO
Under the CSR and compliance systems set up by Itochu Enex, we have developed an Environmental Management System
that is fundamentally based around the ISO 14001 international standard for environmental management and have built functional environmental management systems. We engage in business activities that are highly effective with respect to reducing our impact on the environment, which involves proper implementation of the plan-do-check-act (PDCA) cycle in all Itochu Enex Group companies.
Organizational framework for environmental management
In April 2018, we began engaging in activities to improve the environment under an organizational framework for environmental management consisting of 2 business groups, 6 divisions, and 19 Itochu Enex Group companies.
Environmental Policy
Under the Itochu Enex Group’s “the best partner for life and society” Corporate Philosophy, we will provide “energy for all applications, whether as a key component of social infrastructure or as a means of enriching people’s lives,” and will continue engaging in the following activities geared to improving the environment in order to achieve a more harmonious coexistence with the global environment and society.
1. Helping to Realize a Low-Carbon Society
(1) Promoting the advanced use of fossil fuels
(2) Expanding the energy solutions business
(3) Implementing environmental and social contribution activities
2. Reducing the Environmental Impact of Our Business Activities
(1) Routine energy and resource conservation in office work (2) Energy efficiency in facilities use
(3) CO2 reductions at the transportation stage
3. Preserving Local Environments
(1) Compliance with laws and regulations, environmental protocols, and independent standards
General power Motive power
104%
87%
92%
98%
 Item
 FY2017 results (Vs. FY2016 results)
  FY2018 targets
     City gas
LP gas
Kerosene
Residual oil
Gasoline
Diesel 107% Auto gas 116%
 Site fuel
Vehicle fuel Copier paper
Participation in the Ministry of the Environment’s COOL CHOICE
In approval of the COOL CHOICE citizen’s movement led by the Ministry of the Environment, which is a climate change campaign aiming for a low-carbon society,
the Group promotes energy
conservation activities including wearing light clothing in summer, heavy clothing in winter, eco- driving, green purchasing, and turning off unused lighting.
Safety management of industrial waste and preventive measures against soil contamination
The Company has defined group waste management standards and group waste management procedures and ensures thorough compliance with laws and regulations regarding waste. The process involves audits and external ISO evaluations by departments tasked with division oversight, with checks on required documentation and storage locations by processes such as group internal ISO audits. Reasons and countermeasures are sought for points that require improvement with the intent of advance prevention of industrial waste accidents. Additionally, regarding preventive measures against soil contamination, the Group has established soil contamination prevention regulations in response to preventing occurrence
of contamination, etc., as defined by the Soil Contamination Countermeasures Act and Water Pollution Prevention Act.
 98%
95% Vs. FY2017 results
   99%
99%
  (2) Safety enhancements and upgrades
Risk Management Committee
Representative Director Kenji Okada
As a specified shipper under the amended Act on the Rational
Use of Energy, we’re moving forward with efforts to reduce CO2 emissions generated by the shipping of the products we offer. With the cooperation of Isuzu Motors Sales Ltd., and Itochu Corporation, we offer eco-driving courses taught by experts for representatives, dispatchers, and drivers from the companies to which the Group subcontracts shipping. While also
promoting safe driving practices
aimed at zero tolerance toward
accidents during transit, these
courses support thorough eco-
driving efforts by covering such
topics as vehicle idling when
stopping, fuel-saving driving
Thermal power plants with reduced environmental burden
The latest environmentally-conscious exhaust gas processing facilities have been installed at Sendai Power Station Co., Ltd., which began operation in 2017, demonstrating the Group’s efforts toward reducing its environmental burden. The Group employs a system
of control that ensures there are no incidents of exceeding the predetermined exhaust targets, which are stricter than those defined in the Air Pollution Control Act. Concerning wastewater treatment
as well, the Group is reducing its effect on the environment with appropriate management methods, alongside countermeasures against noise pollution and vibrations and ensuring that the spread of particulate matter is minimized by storing coal indoors with direct vent systems. Environmental burden measurements are conducted monthly with results posted on the website.
102% Water 89%
            Internal Audit Team
 Environmental Management Officer
   Environment Administrative Office
   ENEX REPORT 2018
52
ENEX REPORT 2018 53
MobilityLife Department
Energy & Logistics Group
Eco-driving training (Kanto area) held in October 2017
President
Power & U
tility Group
Management Advisory Conference
 CCO
 Environmental Information Coordinating Committee
       Home-Life Division
Planning & Administration Department Administration Department
Security System Department
Itochu Enex Home-Life
Hokkaido Co., Ltd.
Itochu Enex Home-Life Tohoku Co., Ltd. ENEARC Kanto Co.,Ltd.
ENEARC Chubu Co.,Ltd.
ENEARC Kansai Co.,Ltd.
Itochu Enex Home-Life Nishi-Nihon Co., Ltd. Itochu Industrial Gas Co., Ltd.
Planning & Administration Department Supply Department
Oil Products Trading Department Asphalt Department
Marine Fuels Department Hokkaido Branch Tohoku Branch Higashi-Nihon Branch Chubu Branch
Kansai Branch Chushikoku Branch Kyushu Branch
Enex Petroleum Sales Higashi-Nihon Co., Ltd. Enex Petroleum Sales Nishi-Nihon Co., Ltd. Tohoku Tanku Shoukai Co., Ltd.
Kyushu Energy Co., Ltd.
Enex Fleet Co., Ltd.
Enexauto Co., Ltd.
Etajima Oil Terminal Co., Ltd. Kokura Enterprise Energy Co., Ltd.
Planning & Administration Department
Administration Department
Power Project Financial Department
Power & Heat Business Development Department
Power Supply & Management Department Power Sales Department
Enex Electric Power Co., Ltd. Hofu Energy Service Co., Ltd. Joetsu Energy Service Co., Ltd. JEN Tainai Wind Farm Co., Ltd.
Finance & General Accounting Department
Human Resources & General Affairs Department
IT Planning Department
Legal & Credit Control Department R&C Promotion Office
Divisions under the direct control of the President
Corporate Planning Department
Audit Department
Life & Industrial Energy Division
Power & Utility Division
Corporate Administration Division
 (As of August 1, 2018)
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

   Management Management supporting value creation
Important challenges of CSR and compliance
Social contribution activities
Under the corporate philosophy “The best partner for life and society – with Energy, with the Car, with the Home –,” the Itochu Enex Group endeavors to contribute to the realization of affluent local communities and quality life for people living there, as well as to the sustainable development of society by implementing business activities to achieve the creation of diverse values and activities to contribute to society.
Ultimate Frisbee course
Nurturing the next generation
Ultimate Frisbee course
In cooperation with the Japan Flying Disc Association, we invited members of the Japanese national team to hold courses at schools. These activities not only serve to teach rules and techniques, but aids in activating the spirit of self-control and ethics for children. (Held five times during FY2017)
*Ultimate Frisbee is a competitive team sport featuring flying discs.
Dietary and fire education activities
At kindergartens and nursery schools across Japan, we conduct dietary education activities that convey to children gratitude for food and the importance of cooking, alongside fire education activities that convey to children the power of fire and the importance of energy. (Held 11 times during FY2017)
Regional contributions
Recovery support
~ Support for areas affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake ~
Donations collected from employees (27,288,000 yen in total since 2011) have been sent to bodies such as the Iwate no Manabi Kibo Kikin scholarship fund, Miyagi Kodomo Ikuei scholarship fund for child victims of Eastern Japan, and Fukushima Kodomo Kifukin donations to child victims of Eastern Japan, serving useful purposes in recovery support. Additionally, Enexauto Co., Ltd. participated in a maritime forest regeneration project as recovery support for the Great East Japan Earthquake.
~ Support for heavy rain event in Western Japan ~
In 2018, a donation from the Company of 5 million yen was donated to the nonprofit corporation, Japan Platform, 30,000 yen from Itochu Enex Home- Life Nishi-Nihon Co., Ltd. was donated to the Japanese Red Cross Society, and 687,000 yen from employees was donated to Japan Platform. Enex Petroleum Sales Nishi-Nihon Co., Ltd. provided temporary storage locations for relief supplies.
Support for people with disabilities
~ Self-reliance and promoting art ~
Aside from sponsoring the Artbility project which is operated by Tokyo Colony, the social welfare corporation, we issue an original calendar annually featuring artwork registered by Artbility in the calendar’s design and wrapping to support self-reliance of people with disabilities.
~ Sports activities ~We support the activities of the nonprofit Yumeken, an organization that engages in sports, health activities, and interaction with people with disabilities.
Events for children to experience security facilities
Dietary education program to foster strength for living via food
    Basic policies for the Itochu Enex Group’s social contribution activities.
“Enjoy the Power of Words,” an oral recital event that seeks to maintain remembrance of earthquake disasters, was held throughout Japan. Former television announcers Motoyo Yamane and Masako Shindo were the reciters. In the “Power of Voice” lecture series,
we provide support to activities that promote personal growth with voices and words from various genres.
Activities to introduce children to the workings of society
At Enex Family Day, employees are joined by their children for a day on the job to share their work and the company. Activities include business card exchanges with the President. (Held once per year) Group company Itochu Enex Home-Life Hokkaido Co., Ltd. has participated in the Mini-Sapporo event in Hokkaido since 2017, which aims for children to experience a sense of self-fulfillment of being a social participant through workplace experience. Children can experience safety inspections by being a gas mechanic.
Welcoming facility tours
Group member company Enex Electric Power Co., Ltd. welcomes students from local elementary schools for tours as a component of regional contribution activities.
Promoting social welfare
Group member companies Enex Fleet Co., Ltd. and Ecore Co., Ltd. invite local children to sports team matches. Additionally, Nissan Osaka Sales Co., Ltd., which is a participant in Vaccines for the World’s Children, has initiated activities to collect PET bottle caps at all of its business offices and has been successful in providing over 10,000 vaccinations for children.
Employee volunteer activities
To nurture personnel that contribute to and are trusted by society, we have established a system wherein volunteer activity expenses for employees and their families are borne by the Company. Participation by employees in the Walk the World charity event organized by the United Nations World Food Program is encouraged, and contributions are made to school lunch programs in an effort to eliminate global poverty. Activities to contribute to improvement in educational opportunities and lifestyles in impoverished nations are ongoing.
Video introducing the Itochu Enex Group’s social contribution activities
You can watch the movie showing the Company’s social contribution activities by scanning this code with a smartphone.
Word and voice activities
   As “The best partner for life and society” Develop an environment, develop human resources and develop communities
to be passed on to the future
◎Based on the corporate philosophy “The best partner for life and society,” we contribute to the society in business activities and as a good corporate citizen.
◎Under the theme of developing an environment, developing human resources and developing communities to foster the next generation, we carry out activities to pass down a sustainable society to the future.
◎We support social contribution activities conducted by employees as a citizen.
◎We proactively disclose details and results of our social contribution activities and share them with the society.
Cleanup activities
Each company in the Itochu Enex Group, which is rooted in local communities, has joined cleanup activities sponsored by local municipalities and residents’ associations and is working to conserve and beautify the community environment together with community residents.
Cleanup in Sapporo City
Cooperated in a cleanup of the Fisheries Cooperative Association of Fukaura, Aomori
Kita-Kanto Brach cleaned up elementary school roads.
Cleanup of areas around the plants and neighborhoods.
Project to protect Japanese squirrels
     Three themes of social contribution activities
Environmental preservation
    Nurturing the next generation
Contributing to communities
      Environmental preservation
Developing healthy forests
In response to a call of the Tokyo Development Foundation for Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, we have participated, since 2010, in the “Coexistence and Cooperation Forest Development Project”
in which cedar, cypress and broad-leaved trees are planted in the Nariki district, Oume City, Tokyo, which is located in the western area of Tokyo, with the aim of developing a forest where forestry development and biodiversity conservation coexist.
Project to protect Japanese squirrels
The population of Japanese squirrels (Sciurus lis) has decreased
in recent years due to changes in the habitat environment. Due to unceasing roadkill of road-crossing squirrels, we have co-sponsored a project to build a bridge for squirrels and support an activity aiming at coexistence between people and creatures living in the forests and undeveloped woodland (Tokamachi City, Niigata).
Coexistence and Cooperation Forest Development Project (Oume City) Support for the Hokkaido Guide Dog Association
Self-reliance support via using designs by artists with disabilities
Sports support for people with disabilities
Participation in events to aid in resolving world hunger
  Itochu Enex Home-Life Hokkaido Co., Ltd.
 Itochu Enex Home-Life Tohoku Co., Ltd.
 Itochu Industrial Gas Co., Ltd.
 Enex Electric Power Group Hofu Energy Service Co., Ltd.
              ENEX REPORT 2018 54
ENEX REPORT 2018 55
   This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

Management Management supporting value creation
Top priority challenges on CSR and compliance
Protection of human rights
“Be Ethical,” in the Group’s Code of Conduct includes a meaning
of respect for human rights, and reliable and sincere responses to protection of human rights are thoroughly ensured. As a measure to fulfill corporate social responsibilities, we also work to expand job opportunities for people with disabilities.
Toward zero harassment
At Itochu Enex, the following types of harassment are included in the prohibited items of the work regulations in an effort to work toward zero harassment.
(1) Sexual harassment
Having a detrimental influence on other employees, etc., or damaging the working environment through sexual speech and conduct.
(2) Power harassment
Utilizing power such as official authority to continuously infringe upon
a person’s personality and respect in excess of standard operating procedures, worsening the employee’s working environment or causing the person to become anxious about employment security.
(3) Maternity harassment and paternity harassment
Having a detrimental influence on other employees, etc., or damaging the working environment through undue speech and conduct regarding matters such as pregnancy, childbirth, or childcare leave.
(4) Care harassment
Having a detrimental influence on other employees, etc., or damaging the working environment through undue speech and conduct regarding matters such as family care leave.
Additionally, harassment prevention posters are posted across the Group’s business locations, power harassment guidelines are issued and distributed, and we work to include harassment as part of periodic training.
Consumer issues
The Company recognizes communication with customers and safe and stable delivery of energy as significant consumer issues and promotes continuous measures in these areas.
Customer Helpdesk
The Group has a Customer Helpdesk as a point of contact to hear customers’ opinions directly with the aim of strengthening activities to communicate with customers. The Group works to provide products and services that can better meet customers’ needs by using the valuable comments and opinions from customers and to improve the Group’s CSR and compliance initiatives.
Resolving inconveniences in areas lacking service stations
On July 28, 2018, Enex Fleet Co., Ltd. opened the Ota-Godo Parking Area Westbound Store and Eastbound Store in the Ota- Godo Parking Area of the Kita-Kanto Expressway. This area was previously in the top five areas on Japan’s expressway network lacking service stations, and through opening these stores, we will provide strong support for an age of logistics that expands across the nation with a foundation in the Greater Tokyo Metropolitan Area.
Labor practices
Since our founding in 1961, we at Itochu Enex have held the firm conviction that our people represent the Company’s greatest asset. Accordingly, we see securing safety in operations, daily maintenance of health, creating a welcoming workplace, and the creation of a company that values employee input as priority management issues.
Securing labor safety
In accordance with its basic policy of “we cannot conduct business without security – security takes precedence over all business conduct,” the Group not only complies with related laws and regulations but also observes voluntary work standards that it has established, including safety manuals and guidelines, and is actively improving systems for ensuring security and preventing danger.
Employee protection in the event of disaster
Our disaster preparedness efforts involve maintaining and establishing systems that ensure the safety of employees. Our efforts in that regard have included forming autonomous frameworks for disaster prevention at our respective business offices, evacuation training, stockpiling food items, distributing personal emergency supply kits to all employees, and establishing the Itochu Enex Group Emergency Contact Network (safety confirmation system).
Health Support Section
A Health Support Section has been established to aid in
employee health management. Two health nurses support healthy management through implementing health checkups and providing aftercare, providing mental and physical advice, and promotion and education on health issues. All employees also undergo
stress checks with advice provided in the areas of mental health countermeasures, lifestyle-related diseases, and reduction of metabolic syndrome.
Interaction with employees: Sound labor-management relations
To ensure that each employee can work with motivation, improve performance, and achieve his or her mission, the Company has a labor union and holds labor-management council meetings on a regular basis in order to receive frank opinions from employees and reflect in management the issues that they view as important. (The Company’s labor union operates under a union shop system.)
Furthermore, employees also participate in Health Committee meetings held monthly to deliberate on labor safety and sanitation improvements, prevention of health disorders, and promotion of health. Through such measures, the Company is working to create a workplace environment where a diverse field of personnel can leverage their respective strengths.
◎Selected deliberation themes for FY2017
About occupational accident prevention, prevention of various infectious diseases, survey on tobacco use, promotion of fitness club use, etc.
Striking a balance between work and family
The Company has enriched systems to support the coexistence of work with different events and phases in employees’ lives such as childbirth, childcare, and family care obligations.
Leave and support programs for pregnancy, childbirth, and childcare above and beyond legal requirements
10 days
300,000 yen for first child, 500,000 yen for each subsequent child
Until the child reaches the third grade of elementary school
Rules on Childcare Leave clearly stipulate that parents may work staggered working hours when caring for young children.
Opened the “Enex Nursery” corporate nursery facility
A full range of leave programs
Years of service determine the number of days provided.
Promoting advancement of women in the workplace and compliance with Japan’s Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children
The Company has formulated an action plan regarding the promotion of advancement of women in the workplace and works to enable all employees to leverage their abilities by maintaining an employment environment and creating a working environment where women can perform. An action plan as a general business operator pursuant to the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children has also been formulated, and
we have received certification as a Kurumin company that helps employees balance professional and personal obligations.
Reemployment programs in response to employees’ motivation
The Company maintains reemployment programs to enable people with work experience at the Company to continue to leverage their strengths.
Pursuant to the amended Act on Stabilization of Employment of Elderly Persons, this program gives Group employees who reach the mandatory retirement age of 60 the opportunity to continue working until 65.
Employee satisfaction survey
With the objective of implementing improvements and reforms by ascertaining issues involving the entire company and organization, the Company conducted an employee satisfaction survey to collect opinions on employee attitude and satisfaction and the various measures and programs introduced by the Company. The survey results will be incorporated in personnel system improvements,
the Enex Early Bird workstyle reforms, and measures to prevent employees from leaving the Company, ultimately leading to improvements in employee motivation and productivity.
  Special pregnancy leave
 Childbirth lump-sum grant
 Reduced working hours
 Staggered working hours
 Support
for childcare
             Program for returning to work
For selected employees who previously left the Company to accompany family members on job transfers but still want to work, we provide reemployment opportunities that tap into the knowledge and experience gathered during their time with the Company.
       Paid vacation time
20 days for every employee
* Employees can also carry over up to 20 days from the
previous year.
* Employees absent for extended periods due to illness
may use any paid vacation time waived over the past two years.
Senior employment
        Special leave
Job transfer; marriage; death of a relative; maternity; spouse childbirth; natural disaster and other unavoidable reasons; leave for occupational illness or injury; taking a preschool child to the hospital, for a vaccination, or for a health checkup; caring for a family member who requires nursing care; jury duty; pregnancy leave.
  Refreshment leave
   Personnel data
Number of employees (consolidated)
(Men)
Average age (non-consolidated)
(Women) (Men)
Men
Persons taking nursing care leave Persons utilizing staggered working hours Number of new graduates hired
Women
Unit: persons
5,613
(545)
41.0
(38.07) (16.8) FY2017 1 12 16 Joined in April 2018 8
Unit: %
1.16
Unit: persons
 Fiscal year ended March 2016
Fiscal year ended March 2017
Fiscal year ended March 2018
 As of July 1, 2018
   Subsidy program for expense of thorough physical checkup
The Company not only implements periodic health checkups based on Japan’s Industrial Safety and Health Act, but employees aged 40 and above are required to undergo a thorough physical checkup, with the expenses for the procedures borne by the Company.
6,096
(557)
41.1
(39.6)
(17.1) FY2015 2 7 11 Joined in April 2016 9
1.66
5,958
(541)
41.0
(39.1)
(17.3) FY2016 1 10 12 Joined in April 2017 10
1.66
Number of employees by division (non-consolidated)
Power & Utility Division
Mobility Life Department
Divisions under the direct control of the President
Number of employees (non-consolidated, including employees at subsidiaries)
650
642
656
Home-Life Division
144
103 16 17 Generalist 575 (Women) (46) (Men) (6) Management 195
 Life & Industrial Energy Division
299
(Women)
(93)
(101)
(111)
Corporate Administration Division
71
(Men)
(41.7)
(41.1)
(41.08)
Generalist and management (non-consolidated)
Average years of service (non-consolidated)
17.5
16.8
16
(Men)
(529)
(Women)
 (15.3)
(14.3)
(12.8)
 Single-geographic-area job
75
Persons taking childcare leave
(Women)
(69)
Women
9
9
7
(Men)
(194)
Persons utilizing reduced working hours
9
10
11
As of March 31, 2018
Persons taking family care leave
 1
3
2
Men
18
17
16
 FY2017
 Yearly average actual working hours
2016.72 hours
 As of June 2016
As of June 2017
As of June 2018
 Rate of paid vacation taken
80%
ENEX REPORT 2018
56
ENEX REPORT 2018 57
Rate of employment of people with disabilities
(Women)
Number of employee labor union members
Average salary of the employees
Monthly average overtime hours
Ratio of employees leaving for personal reasons
(1)
416
¥9,958,780 15.56 hours 2.74%
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

Management Management supporting value creation
Top priority challenges on CSR and Compliance
Fair business practices
The ITOCHU ENEX Group assures customers and suppliers of its commitment to fair business practices by engaging in commercial activities on the basis of fair and free competition, performing fair purchasing activities, adhering to rules for commercial transactions and never engaging in any bid-rigging, cartels or other unfair practices. The ITOCHU ENEX Group also seeks development together with its customers and suppliers by maintaining and strengthening mutual trust.
The Itochu Enex Group’s policy on procurement and purchasing
Pursuant to the Declaration of the Group Code of Conduct, the ITOCHU ENEX Group implements evaluation and selection of suppliers while establishing continuous partnerships with business partners in an effort to seek mutual benefits through transactions. Additionally, based on the Group’s Environmental Policy, we are promoting procurement activities that are considerate of environment protection via initiatives such as procurement of materials with low environmental burdens. In offices as well, we promote the use of products that take the environment into account under Japan’s Green Purchase Act.
Compliance with the Anti-monopoly Law, Subcontract Act, and related laws and regulations
To realize fair transactions, the ITOCHU ENEX Group has
formulated its own Anti-monopoly Law Manual with the intent of ensuring awareness and compliance with the Anti-monopoly Law, Subcontract Act, and related laws and regulations. This manual describes the objectives of laws such as the Anti-monopoly Law and Subcontract Act, consequences for violations, and specific types of actions that are unacceptable. Details are also provided on specific actions that are unacceptable and require particular care when undertaking operations that are a part of the Group’s corporate activities.
Communication with business partners
To create increasingly better results from partnerships with business partners, the ITOCHU ENEX Group periodically and continuously engages in close communication with them through venues such as
the Enex Meeting, jointly held with business partners, and informal gatherings held in various locations. Additionally, an information magazine is issued for business partners in the Home-Life Division and business related to CS as an activity to promote understanding and sharing of information related to the Group’s business activities. As the Company’s business environment undergoes significant change, dialogue with
  Whistleblowing and consulting contact points
The ITOCHU ENEX Group has established whistleblowing contact point within the Group and outside that an employee can contact promptly when he or she has violated or is likely to violate the Declaration of the Group Code of Conduct or laws, when he or she knows of a violation committed by an officer or another employee and cannot point out the violation to said officer or other employee, or when he or she determines that a violation is likely to occur.
The ITOCHU ENEX Group ensures that all employees understand, through CSR and compliance training that is given repeatedly within the Group, how whistleblowing contact point functions and how whistleblowers are protected, and has developed a system that ensures an appropriate response to whistleblowing while maintaining transparency.
Additionally, the ITOCHU ENEX Group has made available an outside consulting contact point that is available for any employee or
family member associated with the Group. This consulting contact point can also respond to issues concerning harassment, mental health, physical health, and daily living. Responses are provided by specialists such as clinical psychologists, health nurses, and consumer affairs advisors, maintaining a system where issues on mental health care can also be resolved.
Whistleblower protection
The ITOCHU ENEX Group has established clear regulations on responsibilities with respect to concerned parties within the report processing structure including ensuring that the whistleblower does not receive any detrimental treatment, including termination, as a result of whistleblowing, and ensuring confidentiality of matters regarding whistleblowing. The Group operates an effective whistleblowing system as a result.
ENEX REPORT 2018 58
business partners will become increasingly important for the co- creation of various businesses, and the Group will work toward further invigoration by listening to the voices and wishes of our business partners.
e-STYLE for HOME LIFE information magazine for LP gas sales stores
e-STYLE for LIFE ENERGY information magazine
for stores of businesses related to CS
Responsible advertising activities
For all corporate communication, the ITOCHU ENEX Group practices responsible advertising activities pursuant to the corporate philosophy, Code of Conduct, and the Declaration of the Group Code of Conduct. In particular, maximum effort is made in the areas of reliability and sincerity, creativity and ingenuity, transparency and integrity as stated in the Code of Conduct “Be Ethical,” and the Company endeavors to improve understanding and empathy for its corporate activities through frank and clear dialogue in an effort to further raise corporate value.
    Data Section
A decade of financial summary Environment-related data
      ENEX REPORT 2018 59
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

 Data Section
A decade of financial summary
                                 (million yen)
Revenue
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex's shareholders
Total assets
Figures per share
Equity
Major financial indicators (%)
ROA
Japanese GAAP
2009/3
64,578
5,418
247,587
759.66
4.1
Japanese GAAP
2010/3
58,461
4,360
263,096
791.24
2.7
Japanese GAAP
2011/3
55,873
3,883
277,585
805.95
3.6
Japanese GAAP
2012/3
55,631
3,893
305,053
826.68
3.3
Japanese GAAP
2013/3
56,328
5,576
323,747
868.69
4.1
IFRS
2014/3
966,044
57,862
7,124
321,032
833.20
4.3
IFRS
2015/3
936,841
71,184
5,503
329,059
862.30
3.7
IFRS
2016/3
723,645
73,226
7,469
304,053
889.70
4.7
As of August 28, 2018
Stable
J-1
0.736% A+ 1.202% A+
IFRS
2017/3
695,060
74,697
10,405
344,603
960.37
6.0
IFRS
2018/3
744,767
70,931
11,025
382,621
1,028.57
5.3
 Total trading transaction
1,164,708
1,083,760
1,185,731
1,414,161
1,430,745
1,506,606
1,373,393
1,071,629
1,028,939
1,156,344
 Gross profit
74,459
64,557
64,900
64,604
70,054
71,599
85,720
89,562
93,604
88,822
Profit from operating activities
9,881
6,095
9,027
8,973
13,726
11,875
13,100
16,384
19,678
17,153
  Shareholders' equity
98,057
99,011
101,088
102,050
105,970
94,144
97,432
100,526
108,511
116,104
           Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex's shareholders
52.44
37.46
34.12
34.22
49.36
63.05
48.71
66.10
92.09
97.63
 Annual dividends
 16
 16
 20
 16
 16
 20
 22
 24
 32
 40
  ROE
6.4
4.9
4.3
4.2
5.8
7.8
5.7
7.5
10.0
9.8
A dividend payout ratio
 30.5
 42.7
 58.6
 46.8
 32.4
 31.7
 45.2
 36.3
 34.8
 41.0
  (Notes)
1.The figures of revenue are without consumption taxes.
2.The figures of this page are based on IFRS(International Financial Reporting Standards).
3.In accordance with the application of IFRIC 21 from the fiscal year ended March 2015, we have retroactively revised figures for the fiscal year ended
March 2014.
4.The figures of this page round off less than 1 million yen.
Rating *Rating agency: Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. (JCR)
Annual sales volume of major products
   Object
  Rating
  Outlook
  Long-term issuer rating
Commercial paper
Series 13 unsecured bonds (with inter-bond pari passu clause)
Series 14 unsecured bonds (with inter-bond pari passu clause)
A+
¥10 billion
3,722 1,471 3,321
601 1,616
3,587 3,328 1,448 1,590 3,271 3,401
597 619 3,190 4,674
   Object
  Maximum amount
  Rating
     Object
 Issue price
Issue date
Maturity date
Interest rate
Rating
 ENEX REPORT 2018
60
ENEX REPORT 2018 61
¥5 billion
¥10 billion
May 22, 2012 May 22, 2012
May 22, 2019 May 20, 2022
Gasoline (Thousands of kiloliters)
Kerosene (Thousands of kiloliters)
Diesel oil (Thousands of kiloliters)
LP gas (Thousands of tons)
Electricity (GWh)
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
  This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information

 Data Section
Environment-related data
FY2017 environmental improvement plan performance and assessment
PU: Power & Utility Division HL: Home-Life Division
LL: Life Energy & Logistics Division
IL: Industrial Energy & Logistics Division
FY2017 ISO 14001 activities
     Area
Division
PU PU
LL
HL
LL HL
HL
IL IL
PU
CA
CA
LL
IL
HL
Promoting development of renewable energy
Promoting the generation of renewable energy
Growing sales of AdBlue
Growing sales of solar power systems
Sales/promotion of electric vehicles (Leaf) Sales of EcoJozu
Sales of glass top stoves
Promoting initiatives for slop Promoting fly-ash (FA) initiatives
Deployment of community development businesses
Planning and implementation of social- contribution activities
Deliberations are ongoing toward development of biomass power generation, etc.
Measures are underway toward development of other new renewable energy power generation businesses.
Covered sites
2017 2016 2015 2014 2017 2016 2015 2014
Reference: All sites
2017 — 2016 — 2015 —
3
Thousand m KL KL
Thousand Thousand
Unit
  Eco-office activities
Reductions in general power use
Reductions in site fuel use
Reductions in vehicle fuel use
Reductions in copier-paper use
2,120 94 2,860 20,239
Thousand 2,221 kWh
Thousand 106 m3·KL
KL 3,024
Thousand
sheets 20,631
105% 5% over target, 4% higher than FY2016. 113% 13% over target, 3% higher than FY2016. 106% 6% over target, 1% higher than FY2016. 102% 2% over target, 2% higher than FY2016.
7,321 0.2085
6,475 0.1968
6,658
— —
FY targets
Period performance
Rate of progress
A deterioration in wind conditions at Tainai Wind Farm caused power generated by wind power to decrease. However, power generation was at full capacity owing to progress in FIT construction at Joetsu Energy Service, and the overall plan was achieved.
Penetration of SCR vehicle: 60%.
SCR is an acronym, standing for Selective Catalytic Reduction.
•Focused on profits instead of sales volume.
•Focused on electric power sales and capturing new gas
customers.
•The Market sluggish.
January: 197 units; February: 213 units; March: 98 units
•Focused on profits instead of sales volume.
•Focused on electric power sales and capturing new gas
customers.
•Focused on profits instead of sales volume.
•Focused on electric power sales and capturing new gas
customers.
Failed to reach targets despite achievements in collection. Aim to expand volume in FY2018 through synergies from integrating operations in different departments.
Due to transfer of contracts to KANOU FA CO., LTD., a new fly ash company.
Thousand kWh 101 65
104 67 124 90 103 69 2,175 5,313 2,143 7,169 2,202 6,464 2,249 5,682
t-CO2
sheets (A4 equivalent)
m3
t
48,828 11 43,846 10 52,559 18 27,713 25
t 50,795 11 49,334 21 57,748 23
—
—
—
—
7,488
9,312
8,665
7,931
—
—
—
—
1,297
1,166
1,228
1,357
—
—
—
—
1,402
1,469
1,480
1,474
—
—
116
85
—
—
124
88
—
—
122
114
—
—
118
87
1,781
14,300
20,374
29
1,822
15,527
20,455
41
1,701
15,292
21,077
33
1,778
15,501
20,297
35
75,450 MWh
45,029 KL
609 Units
1,400 Units 12,087 Units
14,208 Units
8,390
13,250
80,677 107%
47,317 105%
205 34%
1,200 86% 9,982 83%
9,793 69%
2,160 26%
356 3%
1 83 1 85 4 96 1 81 0 86 0 89 0 86 0 96
63 78 12148 69 88 12448
89 93 106 102
Number of sites covered
   Performance
Unit
Performance
Specified shipper
Specified business operator
6,051 *Intensity not indicated for FY2015 and later due to change in reporting method.
FY
FY
General power
General power
Motive power
Motive power
Power total
Power total
City gas
City gas
LP gas
LP gas
Auto gas
68
69 1,211 1,077 1,142 1,261
23 8 13 8
129 45
121 44 1,229 553 1,305 516 1,216 485 1,288 490
KL 2,306 753 2,365 709 2,120 681
Auto gas
Gas total
Gas total
Kerosene
Kerosene
Residual oil
Residual oil
Fuels total
Fuels total
Gasoline
Gasoline
Diesel
Diesel
Vehicle fuels total
Vehicle fuels total
CO2 total
CO2 total
Copier paper
Copier paper
Water
Water
Industrial wastes
Industrial wastes
Specially managed industrial wastes
            Specially managed industrial wastes
Wastes total
—
—
—
—
48,839
43,857
52,577
27,738
Wastes total
  Thousand kWh —
—
—
3 Thousand m
18,342 208 1,218 18,418 221 1,085 44,430 158 1,142
9 8 7 7
353 279 299
1,392 1,461 1,473 1,467
KL 1,721 1,993
7,104
t-CO2
Thousand Thousand
sheets (A4 equivalent)
m3
 244,144
365,722
215,122
19,769
19,724
45,730
2,074
2,272
7,403
3,058
710,825
25,661
389
3,074
956,000
26,922
108
2,801
954,000
24,085
107
  One employee was seconded to Enecoop to begin strengthening the partnership ahead of expanding electric power transactions. Additionally, to strengthen our foundation in Hokkaido, we made an investment in Todok Denryoku and enhanced cooperation. Not limited to Hokkaido, the Company is seeking municipalities to work with toward expanding business and employment, and we continue to support the expansion of local private companies into the electric power business.
(1) Donated 1,865,000 yen to provide medium- to long-term recovery support for the Great East Japan Earthquake.
(2) Held Ultimate Frisbee courses (five times during the year) for elementary, junior high, and high school students.
(3) Sponsored the Tokyo Colony social welfare corporation and used pictures created by people with disabilities for the corporate calendar.
(4) Held the Seventh Enjoy the Power of Words in Fukuoka and the Eighth in Tokyo with a combined total of 619 participants.
(5) Sponsored the Eighth Yumeken Cup held at the Tokyo Tatsumi International Swimming Center with participation from eight volunteers.
(6) Total of 30 employee family members participated in the Walk the World charity event held by the United Nations World Food Program.
*Conversion values (emissions coefficients for individual power companies in the case of power) for each fiscal year based on the Act on the Rational Use of Energy are used as CO2 conversion factors.
50,806
49,355
57,772
PRTR
t
43
39
43
34
9
9
9
6
PRTR
t
44
56
67
      *Total figures for business sites that collect environmental data, including Group members companies, are presented for reference above.
Reports on compliance with the Act on the Rational Use of Energy (CO2 emissions reductions)
    FY
  Shipments in ton-kilometers (thousand t-km)
2013
773,254
36,173 0.0173
794,162
36,598 0.0170
415,717
21,457 0.0191
542,801
26,949 0.0184
436,155
23,466 0.0200
3,022
2,629
2,704
2,536
2,415
5,802 —
2014
2015
2016
2017
FY
Energy use (KL)
   CO2 emissions (t-CO2)
CO2 emissions (t-CO2)
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
    Intensity
(vs. shipment volume)
Intensity (sales volume)
        Improving energy conservation awareness through eco- driving training for subcontractor trucking companies and group companies
Preventing facility accidents and legal and regulatory violations
Strengthening autonomous safety management systems
Preventing accidents through consistent and advanced security management system based on autonomous safety standards
Held a course for 32 people belonging to 20 companies at the head office on October 24. Began discussions on venue and training content for FY2018 as a specified shipper.
(1) Prepared FY2018 budget based on facility inspection results.
(2) Held CSR safety personnel meeting on Monday, February 26. Held at the Tatsuno Tsurumi
Plant and attended by a total of 13 people from among group companies, area managers,
administrative staff, etc.
(3) Operations associated with change in Kyushu area personnel. (4) Summary: Safety was secured despite organizational changes.
1. Energy conservation proposals (shifting to LED lighting at terminals).
2. Countermeasures against salt damage to facilities (verification on facility maintenance
management and durability).
3. Asphalt terminal repair construction support (construction management and methods). 4. Shared information via monthly environmental and safety bulletins.
5. Collected information and implemented countermeasures on laws related to business.
Emphasizing asset value (efficiency and safety), provided support for repair methods and process adjustments at facilities.
•Autonomous safety audits completed pursuant to laws and regulations and the Enex autonomous safety standards. Conditions in safety management improved at each company compared to FY2016.
•Created 3,500 badges to raise awareness of preventing carbon monoxide poisoning and distributed them to employees at sales companies.
Tokyo Toshi Service’s heat supply business site was evaluated highly as a business site that contributes to global warming countermeasures
◎Certified as an Near-Top-Level Facility under the Tokyo Metropolitan Government’s Cap-and-Trade Program*1
FY2015: Kanda-Surugadai District Heat Supply Center, Hakozaki District Heat Supply Center, Harumi Island District Heat Supply Center FY2017: Fuchu Nikkocho District Heat Supply Center
       ◎Certified as low-carbon*2 district heat supply business under the Tokyo Metropolitan Government’s Cap-and-Trade Program
<Of 33 districts within Tokyo that received certification during FY2018, 11 districts were operated by the Company>
Ginza 2-chome/3-chome, Shinkawa, Kanda-Surugadai, Shibaura 4-chome, Ginza 5-chome/6-chome, Hakozaki, Fuchu Nikkocho, Kyobashi 2-chome, Hachioji Asahicho, Osaki 1-chome, Harumi 1-chome
◎Registered as a business making the CO2CO2 (kotsukotsu) smart declaration (premium course)*3 in Chiba Prefecture 2018: Makuhari New City High-Tech Business District Heat Supply Center
◎Certified as 3-star Tochigi Prefecture Eco-Keeper Operator*4
2017: Make use of unused energy from substation waste heat at the Utsunomiya City Chuo District Heat Supply Center was rated highly
     ENEX REPORT 2018
62
ENEX REPORT 2018 63
Environmental target
Status of progress
 *1 *2 *3 *4
To promote countermeasures against global warming, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government has implemented Cap-and-Trade Program for large-scale business offices that requires a reduction in total greenhouse gas emissions and a transaction program for emissions quota trading.
Low-carbon heat certified under this system is for districts with a COc exhaust coefficient (COv exhaust volume per unit of electric power or heat provision) of 0.058t-CO2/GJ or less, and if customers procure heat in these districts, this is deemed as equivalent to a reduction in CO2.
As a global warming countermeasure, Chiba Prefecture registers business offices actively engaged in global warming countermeasures including energy conservation and introduction of renewable energy as “CO2CO2 smart declaration business offices” and widely introduces these initiatives.
To promote autonomous global warming countermeasures by business offices, Tochigi Prefecture certifies business offices that implement superior measures regarding global warming measures during the course of business activities as “Eco-Keeper Operators.”
    This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy Segment Management Data Section Company Information
Achieving a low-carbon society Reducing environmental impact Preservation of local environments

 Consolidated Financial Statements
1. Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      ASSETS Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents Trade receivables
Other current financial assets Inventories
Trade advances paid Other current assets
Total current assets Non-current assets
Investments accounted for by the equity method
Other investments
Non-current financial assets other than investments
Property, plant and equipment
Investment property Goodwill
Intangible assets Deferred tax assets Other non-current assets
Total non-current assets Total assets
Notes
8 9, 41 10 11
12, 41 10, 41 10, 41
13, 16, 39, 41 14 15 15, 16 17
5
As of March 31, 2017
22,727 94,759 29,709 27,155
1,900
1,877 178,127
11,749 7,461 10,803
87,588
11,986 533 23,638 11,359 1,359 166,476 344,603
(Millions of yen)
As of March 31, 2018
22,573 119,541 38,860 28,380 1,690 1,725 212,769
26,145 3,406 11,400
85,326
10,166 692 20,798 10,502 1,417 169,852 382,621
                Notes
18, 41 19, 41 20
21, 22
18, 41 20 23 17 22
24 24 24 25 24
38
* See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
As of March 31, 2017
9,318 101,902 8,719 5,258 6,460 12,094 143,751
31,702 24,501 9,761 1,961 5,052 398 73,375 217,126
19,878 18,740 73,300  1,655)  1,752)
108,511 18,966 127,477 344,603
(Millions of yen)
As of March 31, 2018
12,432 127,445 8,539 3,650 10,583 12,280 174,929
30,273 23,335 9,820 2,185 4,757 256 70,626 245,555
19,878 18,892 80,352  1,145)  1,873)
116,104 20,962 137,066 382,621
   LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities
Short-term bonds and borrowings Trade payables
Other current financial liabilities Income taxes payable
Advances from customers Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Non-current bonds and borrowings
Other non-current financial liabilities Non-current liabilities for employee benefits Deferred tax liabilities
Provisions
Other non-current liabilities
Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities
Equity
Common stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Other components of equity Treasury stock
            Total shareholders’ equity Non-controlling interests
    Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
      ENEX REPORT 2018 64
- 2 - ENEX REPORT 2018 65
-1-

 2. Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Revenue
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Other income and expense
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Loss from tangible assets, intangible assets and goodwill Other – net
Total other income and expense Profit from operating activities Financial income and costs
Interest income
Dividends received
Interest expense
Other financial income and costs – net
Total financial income and costs
Share of profit of investments accounted for by the equity method Gains on business reorganization and others
Profit before tax Income tax expense
Net profit
Net profit attributable to:
Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders Net profit attributable to non-controlling interests Total
Notes 28
29 30, 31 32
33
12 7
17
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
695,060 (601,456) 93,604
(74,697) (982)
1,753 (73,926) 19,678
89 246
(966) (203) (834) 500
– 19,344
(6,599) 12,745
10,405 2,340 12,745
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018 744,767
(655,945) 88,822
(70,931) (1,544)
806 (71,669)
17,153
92 296
(950) (241) (803) 493
2,326 19,169
(5,945) 13,224
11,025 2,199 13,224
                                     Notes
12
12 25
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2017 March 31, 2018
   Other comprehensive income, net of tax effect Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
FVTOCI financial assets
Remeasurement of net defined benefit liability
78 892 206 105
Other comprehensive income of investments accounted for by the equity method
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Exchange differences on translating foreign operations
Cash flow hedges
Other comprehensive income of investments accounted for by the equity method
Total other comprehensive income, net of tax effect Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to:
Comprehensive income attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests Total
Earnings per share attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders Basic
Diluted
Total trading transactions
0  9)  37)  38)
224  519)
582 505 13,327 13,729
10,866 11,460 2,461 2,269 13,327 13,729
(Yen)
92.09 97.63 – –
(Millions of yen) 1,028,939 1,156,344
111 74
              34 34
         (Note) Total trading transactions are presented in accordance with Japanese accounting practices and represent the total amounts of transactions that Itochu Enex Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries conducted as a party in contracts and for which they acted as an agent. This item is not audited and voluntarily disclosed by Itochu Enex Co., Ltd. for investors’ convenience, and is not required to be disclosed under International Financial Reporting Standards (―IFRSs‖).
* See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
ENEX REPORT 2018 66 - 3 -
-4-
ENEX REPORT 2018 67

 3. Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Equity
Common stock
Balance at the beginning of the year
Balance at the end of the year Capital surplus
Balance at the beginning of the year
Acquisition of subsidiary shares from non-controlling interests and others
Balance at the end of the year Retained earnings
Balance at the beginning of the year
Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders Transfer from other components of equity
Cash dividends paid to Itochu Enex’s shareholders Balance at the end of the year
Other components of equity
Balance at the beginning of the year
Other comprehensive income attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders
Transfer to retained earnings
Balance at the end of the year Treasury stock
Balance at the beginning of the year Purchase and disposal of treasury stock Balance at the end of the year
Total shareholders’ equity Non-controlling interests
Balance at the beginning of the year
Net profit attributable to non-controlling interests
Other comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests
Cash dividends paid to non-controlling interests
Changes due to additional acquisitions and sales of interests in subsidiaries
Balance at the end of the year Total equity
* See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
Notes 24
24
24
26 25
24
38
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
19,878 19,878
18,740 – 18,740
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018
19,878 19,878
18,740 152 18,892
              66,024 10,405
73,300 11,025
 248)  2,881)
 75)  3,898)
  73,300
80,352
 2,364)
 1,655)
  461
435
248  1,655)
75  1,145)
   1,752)  0)  1,752)
 1,752)  121)  1,873)
       108,511
116,104
   16,636 2,340 120
18,966 2,199 69
 345) 215
 615) 343
  18,966 127,477
20,962 137,066
       4. Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before tax
Depreciation and amortization
Loss from tangible assets, intangible assets and goodwill Financial income and costs
Share of profit of investments accounted for by the equity method Gains on business reorganization and others
Increase in trade receivables
Increase in inventories
Increase in trade payables Other – net
Interest and dividends received Interest expense
Income taxes paid
Net cash flows provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of investments accounted for by the equity method Purchase of investments
Proceeds from sales of investments
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired
Sales of subsidiaries, net of cash held by subsidiaries Loss of control of subsidiaries
Payment for loans receivable
Collection of loans receivable
Notes
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018
      26 38
8 8
132  2,881)  345)
 3,898)  615)  121)  0)  5,850)  69)
19,344 10,856 982 834
19,169 10,824 1,544 803
 500) –
 493)  2,326)  25,998)  1,964)
 22,938)  1,337) 21,158  4,629)
26,522 3,461 737
510  927)  5,522)
 873)  7,167)
  Payments for purchase of property, plant and equipment and investment property
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment and investment property
Purchase of intangible assets
Proceeds from sales of intangible assets Increase in deposits paid – net
Other – net
Net cash flows used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from bonds and borrowings
Repayments of bonds and borrowings
Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings
Proceeds from share issuance from non-controlling interests Cash dividends paid to Itochu Enex’s shareholders
Cash dividends paid to non-controlling interests
Purchase of treasury stock
Other – net
Net cash flows used in financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
* See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
 1,622) 169
 11,887) 2,536
35 35 35
 645) 3,001 –
 3,751) –
17,831  2,649)
24,239  5,972)
   30) 1,472
 256) 5,411
 1,661) 1,710
 598)
 8,436) 2,810
 444) 5,675
 9,000) 169
 2,545) 136
 14,712)
 7,000) 237
–  0)  1,195)
 18,458)
    7,500  3,858)  1,743)
–  8,615)
22,573
7,323 76
    1,924 20,824
22,727  85)
 21) 22,727
         ENEX REPORT 2018 68
-5- -6-
ENEX REPORT 2018 69

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
1.
2.
Reporting Entity
Itochu Enex Co., Ltd. (the ―Company‖) is an entity located in Japan. The addresses of the Company’s registered head office and principal offices are available on its website (URL: https://www.itcenex.com/english/). The Company’s consolidated financial statements, the closing date of which is March 31, 2018, comprise the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries (the ―Group‖) and the Group’s equity interests in associates and joint ventures. The Group’s principal activities are sales of petroleum products and liquefied petroleum gas (―LPG‖) and the provision of related services in Japan and overseas as well as supply of electricity and heat in Japan.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
Basis of Consolidated Financial Statements
Compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards (―IFRSs‖)
The Group’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with IFRSs.
These consolidated financial statements were approved at the Board of Directors’ meeting of the Company held on June 20, 2018.
Basis of Measurement
Except for the cases (e.g., financial instruments) stated in Note 3, ―Significant Accounting Policies,‖ the Company’s consolidated financial statements are prepared on a historical cost basis.
Functional Currency and Presentation Currency
The consolidated financial statements of the Group are presented in Japanese yen, which is the Group’s functional currency. All financial information presented in millions of yen has been rounded to the nearest million yen.
Early Adoption of New or Amended IFRSs or Interpretations
In preparing these consolidated financial statements, the Group has early adopted IFRS 9, ―Financial Instruments‖ (issued in November 2009; revised in October 2010, December 2011, and November 2013).
 (5)
IFRSs or Interpretations Issued, But Not Yet Adopted
The following major IFRSs or interpretations that were newly established or amended were issued by the date of approval of the consolidated financial statements. However, these IFRSs or interpretations are not necessarily required to be adopted on or before the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, and the Group has not early adopted them.
The effect of adoption of IFRS 9 is insignificant.
No significant effect of adoption of IFRS 15 on the Company’s consolidated financial statements, excluding presentation of revenue, is expected. Under IFRS 15, whether revenue is presented on a gross basis or a net basis is determined based on whether or not an entity controls the goods or services before the entity transfers those goods or services to a customer. In line with this, an increase is expected in the presentation of revenue in and after the fiscal year ending March 31, 2019. However, the effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements is under consideration and cannot be estimated at this time.
The effect of adoption of IFRS 16 is under consideration and cannot be estimated at this time.
    Standard
IFRS 9 IFRS 15 IFRS 16
Title
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Mandatory adoption (From fiscal years beginning on or after)
January 1, 2018
Fiscal year
in which the Group will adopt standards
Fiscal year ending March 31, 2019
Summary of new or revised standards
Establishment of accounting and disclosure on revenue from contracts with customers
  Financial Instruments
   January 1, 2018
    Fiscal year ending March 31, 2019
  Limited amendments to the classification and measurement method for financial assets, and introduction of the expected credit loss impairment model
     Leases
   January 1, 2019
    Fiscal year ending March 31, 2020
  Principles for recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of lease agreements for the lessee and the lessor of leases
   3.
Significant Accounting Policies
Accounting policies described below are applied to all of the periods presented in the consolidated financial statements, unless otherwise specified.
(1)
Basis of Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include financial statements of the Group companies and equity interests in associates and joint ventures.
A. Subsidiaries
A subsidiary is an entity that is controlled by the Group. The Group controls an investee if the Group has power over the investee, exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee, and the ability to use its power over the investee to affect the amount of the Group’s return. The acquisition date of a subsidiary is the date on which the Group obtained control of the subsidiary, and the subsidiary is included in the consolidation from the date of acquisition until the date on which the Group loses control.
In cases where the accounting policies applied by a subsidiary are different from those applied by the Group, adjustments are made to the subsidiary’s financial statements, if necessary. Comprehensive income for subsidiaries is attributed to owners of the parent and non-controlling interests even if this results in the non- controlling interests having a deficit balance.
Changes in an equity interest in a subsidiary due to acquisition, sale, etc., of interests that do not result in loss of control of the subsidiary by the Group are accounted for as equity transactions.
If the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the Group derecognizes assets and liabilities of the former subsidiary and non-controlling interests in the subsidiary, and remeasures the residual interest retained in the former subsidiary at its fair value as of the date of the loss of control and recognizes any resulting gain or loss in profit or loss.
ENEX REPORT 2018 70
- 8 - ENEX REPORT 2018 71
-7-

 (2)
B.
Associates and Joint Ventures
An associate is an entity of which the Group has significant influence over the financial and operating policy. In determining whether the Group has significant influence, various factors, such as holding of voting rights (the Group is presumed to have significant influence over an investee if the Group owns 20% or more, but 50% or less of the voting rights of the investee directly or indirectly) and existence of virtually exercisable potential voting rights, and proportion of employees seconded from the Group to all the directors of the investee are taken into account comprehensively.
A joint venture is a contractual arrangement whereby two or more parties including the Group have joint control which requires unanimous consent of the parties in making important decisions on business activities. The business of a joint venture is undertaken by an entity independent of its investors and each investor has rights only to the net assets of the arrangement.
Investments in associates and joint ventures are initially recognized at cost and adjusted thereafter for the amount equivalent to the Group’s share of net assets of the investees. Profit or loss and other comprehensive income recorded by the investees after the acquisition are included in the Group’s profit or loss and other comprehensive income using the equity method and they are reflected in the investment value. For goodwill recognized in the acquisition of associates and joint ventures, the balance is included in the carrying amount of the investment. Dividends received from associates and joint ventures are deducted from the investment value.
In cases where the accounting policies of associates and joint ventures are different from the accounting policies adopted by the Group, adjustments are made to the financial statements of associates and joint ventures, if necessary, to ensure use of the Group’s policies.
If the Group loses significant influence over an associate or joint control of a joint venture and ceases to apply the equity method, the Group recognizes a gain or loss from the sale of the equity interest in profit or loss, and remeasures the residual interest at fair value and recognizes the resulting valuation difference in profit or loss for the fiscal year in which the significant influence or the joint control is lost.
Transactions Eliminated in Consolidation
Inter-group company balances of receivables and payables and transactions, and any unrealized gains and losses arising from inter-group company transactions are eliminated in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
For unrealized gains and losses arising from transactions between the Group and associates accounted for by the equity method, the amount equivalent to the Group’s equity interest in such gains and losses is eliminated.
Business Combinations
C.
Business combinations are accounted for by the acquisition method. Identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and any non-controlling interest in the acquiree are measured at fair value (except for assets and liabilities that are required to be measured on a basis other than fair value, which are measured at the value specified in IFRS 3, ―Business Combinations‖) at the time of acquisition. Goodwill is recognized and measured as the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the acquisition-date fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest, and the amount of any non-controlling interest over the net of the acquisition amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assured. However, if the aggregate of fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of acquisition value, the value of pre-existing equity interest after the remeasurement, and the fair value of non-controlling interest in the acquiree, such an excess is immediately recognized in profit as the bargain purchase gain.
If the initial accounting treatment for a business combination has not been completed by the last day of the period in which the business combination occurred, the business combination is accounted for using provisional amounts. Retrospective adjustments to provisional amounts are made during the measurement period, which is within one year from the acquisition date. Acquisition-related costs incurred by the acquirer to achieve the business combination are recognized as expenses.
For a business combination where all parties to the business combination are under control of the Group before and after the business combination (business combination under common control), carrying amounts of assets and liabilities of the acquiree are taken over by the acquirer.
 (3)
Foreign Currency Translation
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate at the date of transaction or its approximate rate. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the rates of exchange prevailing at the fiscal year end. Differences arising from the translation and settlement are recognized in profit or loss. However, exchange differences arising from the translation of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (―FVTOCI‖) and cash flow hedges are recognized in other comprehensive income.
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into Japanese yen at the rates of exchange at the fiscal year end, while income and expenses of foreign operations are translated into Japanese yen at the exchange rate at the date of transaction or its approximate rate. The resulting exchange differences on translating foreign operations are recognized in other comprehensive income. In cases where foreign operations are disposed of, the cumulative amount of translation adjustments related to foreign operations is recognized in profit or loss in the period of disposition.
(4)
Financial Instruments
Financial Assets Other Than Derivatives
A.
(i)
Initial Recognition and Measurement
For financial assets other than derivatives, trade receivables and other receivables are initially recognized on the day on which they arise. All other financial assets are initially recognized on the transaction date on which the Group becomes a party to the contract of the financial instrument.
Financial assets other than derivatives are classified into financial assets measured at amortized cost or financial assets measured at fair value. They are classified into financial assets measured at amortized cost if both of the following conditions are met; otherwise, they are classified into financial assets measured at fair value:
• The purpose of holding these assets is to collect contractual cash flows.
• The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
For financial assets measured at fair value, investments in equity instruments, such as ordinary shares in other entities, except for equity instruments held for the purpose of obtaining gains from short-term sales, are classified as FVTOCI financial assets in principle. Other financial assets measured at fair value are classified as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (―FVTPL financial assets‖), of which the change in fair value after acquisition is recognized in profit or loss, in principle.
Such classifications are made upon initial recognition of each asset and applied consistently without any change.
Financial assets measured at amortized cost and FVTOCI financial assets are initially recognized at fair value (including transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets). FVTPL financial assets are initially recognized at fair value and transaction costs are recognized in profit or loss when they are incurred.
Subsequent Measurement
After initial recognition, financial assets are measured based on the classification as follows:
(ii)
(a) (b)
Financial Assets Measured at Amortized Cost
Financial assets measured at amortized cost are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
Other Financial Assets
Financial assets other than those measured at amortized cost are measured at fair value. Changes in the fair value of financial assets measured at fair value are recognized in profit or loss. However, changes in the fair value of FVTOCI financial assets are recognized in other comprehensive income. Dividends received on the financial assets are recognized in profit or loss for the year.
ENEX REPORT 2018 72 - 9 - - 10 - ENEX REPORT 2018 73

 B.
C.
(iii) Derecognition
Financial assets are derecognized when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when the contractual right to receive cash flows from financial assets are transferred in transactions in which substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the asset are transferred to another entity. When an FVTOCI financial asset is sold, the difference between the latest carrying amount and the consideration received is recognized in other comprehensive income, and the balance of accumulated other comprehensive income that has been recognized due to sales of the financial asset is transferred to retained earnings.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, deposits, and short-term investments that are readily convertible into cash and that are exposed to insignificant risk of change in value and due within three months from the date of acquisition.
Impairment of Financial Assets Measured at Amortized Cost
At the end of each fiscal year, whether there is any indication that financial assets measured at amortized cost are impaired is assessed by individual asset or by unit grouped according to credit risks. Indication that financial assets measured at amortized cost are impaired includes a default or delinquency in interest or principal payments, reduction in the repayment amount and rescheduling of the repayment, significant deterioration in the financial position of the obligor, and bankruptcy of the obligor.
If there is any indication that financial assets measured at amortized cost have been impaired, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the recoverable amount, which is the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at the initial effective interest rate of the asset, is recognized as an impairment loss in profit or loss.
If, in a subsequent period, an event resulting in a decrease in the amount of the impairment loss occurs, the previously recognized impairment losses are reversed up to the carrying amount based on amortized cost.
D.
Financial Liabilities Other Than Derivatives Initial Recognition and Measurement
The Group initially recognizes debt securities issued by the Group on the date of issuance. All other financial liabilities are recognized on the transaction date on which the Group becomes a party to the contract of the financial instrument.
Financial liabilities other than derivatives are classified as financial liabilities measured at amortized cost. Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost are initially measured at fair value with the transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issue of the financial liabilities deducted from the acquisition value.
Subsequent Measurement
After initial recognition, financial liabilities other than derivatives are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Amortization under the effective interest method and gains or losses on derecognition are recognized in profit or loss.
E.
(iii) Derecognition
Financial liabilities are derecognized when the financial liability is extinguished, i.e. when the obligation that was specified in the contract is discharged due to performance of the obligation through repayment or is canceled or lapsed.
Presentation of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
Financial assets and financial liabilities are presented on a net basis in the consolidated statement of financial position when both of the following conditions are met; otherwise, financial assets and financial liabilities are presented on a gross basis:
• The Group has an unconditional and legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts.
• The Group intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
(i)
(ii)
 (5)
(6)
Inventories held for purposes other than trading are measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value, and the costs are determined mainly using the specific identification method or the monthly moving-average method. For inventories with sales contracts, net realizable value is the sale value under the sales contract, less the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. For inventories without sales contracts, net realizable value is the estimated selling price, less the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
Inventories held for trading purposes are measured at fair value, less costs to sell, with changes in the fair value recognized in profit or loss for the period in which the change occurred.
Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment are measured using the cost model and are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. The costs of an item of property, plant and equipment comprise the following amounts, and depreciation begins when the asset is available for use.
• Purchase price
• Any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable
of operating
• Estimated costs of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site on which it is located
• Interest expense required up to the operation on borrowings for acquisition, construction, and manufacturing of property, plant and equipment that meet the criteria for capitalization
If different material components are identifiable in an item of property, plant and equipment, each component is accounted for as a separate item of property, plant and equipment.
Assets are depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives of major assets are as follows:
F.
Derivatives and Hedge Activities
Derivatives, including forward foreign exchange contracts, commodity futures, and interest rate swaps, are utilized to hedge currency risk, commodity price risk, and interest rate risk. These derivatives are recognized as assets or liabilities at fair value on the contract date on which the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions, and also remeasured at the fair value subsequently. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are accounted for as follows depending on the intended use of the derivatives and resulting hedge effectiveness:
• Derivatives that are hedging instruments to changes in fair value of recognized assets or liabilities, or of an unrecognized firm commitment, and are deemed highly effective as a hedge, and for which, at the inception of the hedge, written designation of the hedge relationship and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge are established are designated as fair value hedges. Changes in fair value of such derivatives are recognized in profit or loss, together with changes in the fair value of hedged items.
• Derivatives that are hedging instruments to changes in future cash flows generated in association with the forecasted transactions or recognized assets or liabilities and are deemed highly effective as a hedge and for which, at the inception of the hedge, written designation of the hedge relationship and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge are established are designated as cash flow hedges. Changes in fair value of such derivatives are recognized in other comprehensive income. This accounting treatment is continued until changes in future cash flows generated in association with the unrecognized forecasted transactions or already recognized assets or liabilities that are designated as hedged items are realized. The ineffective portion of the hedge is recognized in profit or loss.
• Changes in fair value of derivatives other than the above are recognized in profit or loss.
In applying the above fair value hedges and cash flow hedges, the Group assesses whether the hedge is
expected to be highly effective at the inception of the hedge and after the application of the hedge.
Hedge accounting is ceased when the hedge is no longer effective, in which case changes in fair value of the derivative are recognized in profit or loss.
Inventories
ENEX REPORT 2018 74 - 11 - - 12 - ENEX REPORT 2018 75

 (8)
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets that are not yet ready to use are not amortized, but they are tested for impairment individually or by cash-generating unit annually or whenever there is any indication of impairment.
Leases
• Buildings and structures:
• Machinery and vehicles:
• Vessels:
2 to 50 years 2 to 22 years 5 to 14 years
The estimated useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed at each fiscal year end, and if there are any changes made to the estimated useful lives and depreciation method, such changes are applied prospectively as changes in accounting estimates.
(7) Goodwill and Intangible Assets A. Goodwill
B.
Goodwill arising from the acquisition of subsidiaries is recognized in assets at the amount of the ―aggregate of fair values of consideration transferred, non-controlling interests, and shareholders’ interests previously held by the acquirer in the acquiree‖ exceeding the ―net amount of identifiable acquired assets and assumed liabilities‖ on the acquisition date. Goodwill is not amortized, but initially recognized at cost in assets, and is tested for impairment each fiscal year. Goodwill is carried at cost, less any accumulated impairment losses in the consolidated statement of financial position.
Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (minimum units or groups of units) that are expected to contribute to obtaining cash flows considering the synergies of the business combination. Cash-generating units to which goodwill was allocated are tested for impairment at the end of each fiscal year, or at any time when there is any indication of impairment.
When a subsidiary is disposed of, the amount of related goodwill is included in profit or loss for the disposal.
Intangible Assets
Intangible assets are measured using the cost model and are stated at cost, less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses. Intangible assets acquired separately are measured at cost at the initial recognition, and the costs of intangible assets acquired through business combinations are recognized at fair value at the date of acquisition. All expenditures on internally generated intangible assets are recognized as an expense in the fiscal year in which they are incurred, except for development expenses that satisfy the capitalization criteria.
The period in which intangible assets, directly or indirectly, contribute to their estimated future cash flows is considered as the useful life. If the useful life of an intangible asset is reasonably projected, the intangible asset is amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life. Intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever there is any indication of impairment. The estimated useful lives and amortization method of intangible assets are reviewed at each fiscal year end, and if there are any changes made to the estimated useful lives and amortization method, such changes are applied prospectively as changes in accounting estimates.
The estimated useful lives of major intangible assets are as follows:
• Relationships with customers:
• Brand and relationships with suppliers:
• Software
5 to 42 years 40 years 5 years
Leases are classified as finance leases whenever substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership are transferred to the Group. Leases other than finance leases are classified as operating leases. Whether the contract is a lease or whether the contract includes a lease is determined in consideration of economic conditions of the transaction regardless of whether the form of the nominal contract is a lease contract.
 (9)
A.
Leases as Lessee
Finance leases are capitalized at the lower of the fair value of the leased property at the inception of the lease or the present value of the total minimum lease payments.
Total lease payments are classified into the principal portion and the interest portion of the lease obligations. The amount of lease payments allocated to the interest portion is calculated by the interest method.
A lease asset is depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset if the lease involves the transfer of ownership or the lessee has a bargain purchase option; otherwise, it is depreciated over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life.
Under operating leases, leased properties are not recognized as assets, and lease payments are recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
Leases as Lessor
Under finance leases, net investment in the lease is recognized as finance receivables. Total lease payments receivable are classified into the principal portion and the interest portion of lease receivables. The amount of lease payments receivable allocated to the interest portion is calculated using the interest method.
Under operating leases, lease payments income is recognized in income on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
Investment Property
B.
Investment property is land and/or buildings, among others, held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation due to an increase in real estate prices or both.
Investment property is measured using the cost model, in the same manner as property, plant and equipment, and is stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
Except for assets that are not subject to depreciation, such as land, investment property is depreciated using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life, which is between 2 and 50 years. The estimated useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed at each fiscal year end, and if there are any changes made to the estimated useful lives and depreciation method, among others, such changes are applied prospectively as changes in accounting estimates.
(10) Impairment of Non-Financial Assets
Each fiscal year, the Group assesses whether there is any indication that a non-financial asset has been impaired. If there is any indication that an asset has been impaired, the asset is tested for impairment. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment at least annually, at the same time each year, regardless of whether there is any indication of impairment. When a cash-generating unit, including goodwill, is tested for impairment, an impairment test is performed first for assets other than goodwill, and then for goodwill after necessary impairment losses are recognized for the assets other than goodwill.
An impairment test is performed by cash-generating unit. If cash flows from an asset are identifiable independently of other assets, the asset is considered its own cash-generating unit. If an asset from which cash flows are not identifiable independently of other assets, a cash-generating unit is the smallest identifiable group of assets that independently generates cash flows.
Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (minimum units or groups of units) that are expected to contribute to obtaining cash flows considering the synergies of the business combination.
An impairment test is performed by estimating the recoverable amount of the asset by cash-generating unit and comparing the estimated recoverable amount with the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit. The recoverable amount is calculated at the higher of the fair value of the cash-generating unit, less costs to sell, or the value in use. If the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit exceeds the recoverable amount, an impairment loss is recognized for the asset and the carrying amount is written down to the recoverable amount. In the assessment of value in use, estimated future cash flows are discounted to the present value using a pre-tax discount rate reflecting the current market valuation on the time value of money, risks inherent in the asset, and other factors. To determine the fair value, less costs to sell, the Group uses an appropriate valuation model
ENEX REPORT 2018 76 - 13 - - 14 - ENEX REPORT 2018 77

 supported by available indicators of fair value.
Recognized impairment losses are allocated so that the carrying amount of each asset in the cash-generating unit is reduced proportionally. Goodwill is first allocated so that the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to the cash- generating unit is reduced and then the carrying amount of each asset other than goodwill in the cash-generating unit is reduced proportionally.
Whether there is any indication that an impairment loss recognized in prior years may have decreased or may no longer exist is assessed. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is estimated. If the recoverable amount exceeds the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit, an impairment loss is reversed up to the lower of the calculated recoverable amount or the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of depreciation) if no impairment loss had been recognized for the asset in prior years. However, an impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not reversed.
Goodwill on the acquisition of investments accounted for by the equity method is included in the part of the carrying amount of the investments with other components, and investments in the companies accounted for by the equity method may be impaired as a single asset.
(11) Non-Current Assets Held for Sale
When the carrying amount of a non-current asset (or disposal group) is expected to be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use, the asset (or disposal group) is classified as an asset held for sale. The criteria to be classified as an asset held for sale are only met if the sale of the asset is highly probable and the asset is available for immediate sale in its present condition. Because the sale of the asset will be completed within one year from the day of classification, the asset is presented in current assets.
Assets held for sale are measured at the lower of carrying amount or fair value, less costs to sell. Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets classified as assets held for sale are not depreciated or amortized.
(12) A.
Employee Benefits
Defined Benefit Retirement Plans
For defined benefit retirement plans, the net amount of the present value of defined benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets is recognized as liabilities or assets. The present value of defined benefit obligations and related service costs are calculated using the projected unit credit method, in principle. The discount rate used to calculate the present value of defined benefit obligations is determined by reference to market yield at the end of the fiscal year on high-rating corporate bonds that are consistent with the estimated periods of the retirement benefit obligations, in principle.
Changes in the present value of defined benefit obligations for employees’ service in prior periods arising due to an amendment to the plan are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which the amendment was made.
The Group recognizes all actuarial gains and losses arising from the Group’s defined benefit retirement plans in other comprehensive income (―defined benefit remeasurement‖) and immediately reclassifies these gains and losses to retained earnings.
Defined Contribution Retirement Plans
Contributions to be made for employees’ service corresponding to each fiscal period are recognized as expenses for the fiscal year.
Multi-Employer Plans
Some subsidiaries have participated in multi-employer plans. Multi-employer plans are classified into defined benefit retirement plans and defined contribution retirement plans in accordance with terms of each plan and the accounting treatment for each plan type is applied. However, for multi-employer plans classified as defined benefit retirement plans, when information sufficient to account for the plans as defined benefit retirement plans is not available, the accounting treatment for defined contribution retirement plans is applied to them.
B. C.
 D. Short-Term Employee Benefits
The undiscounted amount of short-term employee benefits expected to be paid in exchange for the service rendered by employees during the fiscal period is recognized in profit or loss. For bonuses, the estimated amount of payments is recognized as a liability when the Group has legal or constructive obligations to make such payments and reliable estimates of the obligations can be made.
(13) Provisions
A provision is recognized when there is a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, when it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will result from the settlement of the obligation, and when a reliable estimate of the obligation can be made. The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation (future cash flows), taking into account risks and uncertainty related to the obligation at the end of the fiscal year. When the time value of money for the provisions is material, the amount of the provisions is measured at the present value calculated by discounting estimated future cash flows at a pre-tax discount rate, reflecting risks inherent in the liabilities. Unwinding of the discount reflecting the passage of time is recognized as a financial cost.
Major provisions are provisions for asset retirement obligations, which are recognized and measured by estimating asset retirement obligations individually and specifically taking into account the status of each property based on expected usable years, etc., determined in light of past records of restoration and useful lives of inside fixtures in offices and other places, in preparation for obligations for restoration of rental offices, buildings and stores and removal of harmful materials related to non-current assets. An outflow of economic benefits in the future is expected to be principally in a period after one year from the end of each fiscal year.
(14) A.
B.
(15) A.
B.
Equity
Common Stock and Capital Surplus
Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded in equity and capital surplus. Transaction costs directly attributable to the issuance are deducted from capital surplus.
Treasury Stock
When treasury stock is acquired, the treasury stock is recognized at cost and presented separately as an item in equity. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition are deducted from equity.
When treasury stock is sold, consideration received is recognized as an increase in equity.
Revenue
Sale of Goods
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognized when the significant risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the goods have been transferred to a customer, the Group retains neither continuing managerial involvement to the degree usually associated with ownership nor effective control over the goods sold, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the Group, and the costs and revenue that occurred in respect of the transaction can be measured reliably. Specifically, the Group recognizes revenue on the date when the goods are shipped or delivered to the customer or when the customer performs an inspection of the delivered goods, depending on the timing when ownership and risks to be borne are transferred from the Group to the customer.
Rendering of Services
Services provided by the Group are principally requested repairs that occur in association with sales of products, etc., and contracted maintenance services that are completed in the short term. For these transactions, revenue is recognized at the time of completion of the performance of obligation by persons providing these services or when the customer accepts the completion of services rendered.
ENEX REPORT 2018 78 - 15 - - 16 - ENEX REPORT 2018 79

 C. Gross Presentation and Net Presentation of Revenue
For a transaction in which the Group has functions to increase the added value of goods or services themselves and to provide them as a party to the transaction and bears significant risks associated with the transaction, revenue is presented on a gross basis. On the other hand, revenue for the following transactions is presented at a net amount calculated by deducting the cost from the total amount of transactions with the customer.
• Transactions in which the Group, as an agent, makes arrangements for other third parties to sell goods or provide services
• Transactions in which the Group is involved as a party to the transaction but neither has functions to increase the added value of goods or services nor bears significant risks associated with the transaction
(16) Government Grants
Proceeds from government grants are recognized at fair value when there is reasonable assurance that the conditions attached to them will be complied with, and that the grant will be received. Grants for expenses incurred are recorded as revenue in the fiscal year in which the expenses are incurred. For grants for acquisition of assets, the amount is deducted from the cost of the assets.
(17) FinancialIncomeandCosts
Financial income consists of interest income, dividends received, gains on changes in fair value and sale of FVTPL financial assets, and gains on changes in fair value of derivatives. Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method when it arises. Dividends received are recognized when the Group’s right to receive the payment is established.
Financial costs consist of interest expense, losses on changes in fair value and sale of FVTPL financial assets, impairment losses of financial assets measured at cost other than trade receivables, and losses on changes in fair value of derivatives. Interest expense is recognized using the effective interest method when incurred.
(18) IncomeTaxes
Income taxes, which comprise current taxes and deferred taxes, are recognized in profit or loss, except for taxes arising from items that are recorded directly in equity or accumulated other comprehensive income and taxes arising from the initial recognition of business combinations.
Current taxes are measured at the amount that is expected to be paid to, or refunded from, the taxation authorities. In calculating the amount of taxes, the Group applies tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the fiscal year in countries where the Group operates business activities and has taxable profit or tax loss.
Deferred taxes are calculated based on the temporary differences between the tax basis of an asset or liability and its carrying amount at the fiscal year end. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences, carryforward of unused tax credits, and unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which they can be utilized. Deferred tax liabilities are, in principle, recognized for taxable temporary differences.
The deferred tax assets or liabilities are not recognized for the following temporary differences:
• Temporary differences from the initial recognition of goodwill
• Temporary differences from the initial recognition of assets and liabilities arising from transactions (excluding business combination transactions) that affect neither accounting profit nor taxable profit
Deferred tax liabilities for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates, and joint ventures are not recognized if the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets for deductible temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries and associates are recognized only to the extent it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which temporary differences can be used.
 4.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period in which the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on a tax rate (and tax laws) that has been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the fiscal year.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the taxes are levied by the same taxation authority on the same taxable entity.
(19) Earnings per Share
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing profit or loss attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period.
Use of Estimates and Judgments
In the preparation of the consolidated financial statements, management uses estimates and judgments. Estimates and judgments made by the management have an impact on the amounts of assets and liabilities as of the reporting date and disclosure of contingent liabilities, and the amounts reported as revenue and expenses.
Major items in which the carrying amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses are affected by judgments made in application of the accounting policies are as follows.
• Indication of impairment for property, plant and equipment, goodwill, intangible assets, etc. (refer to Note 3, ―Significant Accounting Policies (10) Impairment of Non-Financial Assets‖)
• Recognition and presentation of revenue (refer to Note 3, ―Significant Accounting Policies (15) Revenue‖)
Assumptions used in accounting estimates may differ from actual figures because these assumptions are set based on past experience and appropriately collected, available information. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed by management on an ongoing basis. Effects of these reviews of estimates and assumptions are recognized in the period in which the estimates and assumptions are reviewed and subsequent periods.
Information on uncertainty of assumptions and estimates that have a risk of resulting in significant adjustments in the next fiscal year is as follows.
• Impairment of Non-Financial Assets
Impairment tests of non-financial assets are performed based on many assumptions and estimates, such as assumptions for measurement of fair value, less costs to sell, in the calculation of the recoverable amount or estimated future cash flows of cash-generating units as bases for calculation of value in use and discount rate. There is a risk that changes in uncertain future economic conditions may result in significant adjustments to the amount of impairment losses.
The content and amount related to impairment of non-financial assets are discussed in Note 31, ―Impairment Loss‖.
• Estimates of Income Taxes
In calculation of income taxes, estimates and judgments are required for various factors, including interpretation of tax regulations and history of past tax examinations. Therefore, the carrying amount of income taxes may differ from the actual amount of tax payment.
Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be used. As the timing when taxable profit is earned and the amount thereof may be affected by changes in uncertain future economic conditions, there is a risk that the amount recognized in subsequent fiscal years may change significantly if the actual timing and amounts differ from the estimates.
The content and amount related to income taxes are discussed in Note 17, ―Deferred Taxes and Income Taxes‖.
• Measurement of Defined Benefit Obligations in Defined Benefit Retirement Plans
Defined benefit obligations are computed based on actuarial calculations, and assumptions used in those actuarial calculations include estimates of discount rates, employee turnover, mortality rates, salary increase rates, etc. These assumptions are determined with all available information, such as market trends of interest rate fluctuations judged
ENEX REPORT 2018 80 - 17 - - 18 - ENEX REPORT 2018 81

 5.
(1)
Segment Information
Outline of Reportable Segments
The reportable segments of the Group are components of the Group for which separate financial information is available. These segments are periodically evaluated by the Board of Directors in deciding how to allocate management resources and in assessing performance.
The Group is organized into four divisions (reportable segments). Each division plans strategies for each category of target customers and markets and develops business activities. The Group has four reportable segments that correspond to the divisions, namely the ―Home-Life Division,‖ ―Power & Utility Division,‖ ―Life Energy & Logistics Division,‖ and ―Industrial Energy & Logistics Division.‖
The Home-Life Division is engaged in the sale of LPG, town gas (Nakatsu City, Oita Prefecture), high-pressure gas, electricity, kerosene, equipment (kitchen equipment, air conditioning, other household equipment, etc.), smart energy equipment (solar power generation systems and ENEFARM residential fuel cells), and ENE-POWABO L residential lithium-ion electricity storage systems, remodeling, and a gas container pressure resistance inspection business.
The Power & Utility Division is engaged in the sale of electricity (coal-fired thermal power, natural gas thermal power, wind, hydropower, and photovoltaic power) and steam, the supply of district heating services, comprehensive energy services, electricity/heat supply services, and electricity supply/demand management services.
The Life Energy & Logistics Division is engaged in the sale of gasoline, kerosene, diesel oil, fuel oil, liquefied natural gas (―LNG‖), coal, high-grade urea solution (AdBlue), automotive lubricants, automobiles and automobile products, motor-vehicle inspections, auto maintenance, the supply of rental cars, and the development and promotion of overseas businesses.
The Industrial Energy & Logistics Division is engaged in the sale of industrial energy and materials (gasoline, kerosene, diesel oil, and fuel oil), asphalt, marine fuel, and lubricating oil; the import/export and domestic supply/demand adjustment trading of petroleum products; provisions of logistics functions, such as storage facilities for petroleum; and the sale of recycled oil.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the Car-Life Division and the sale of industrial fuels and materials and other operations in the Energy Innovation Division were integrated to form the Life Energy & Logistics Division, while the Energy Innovation Division was reorganized into the Industrial Energy & Logistics Division. As a result, effective from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the Company reclassified its reportable segments.
Due to the change in segments, segment information for the previous fiscal year has been adjusted based on the new segment classifications used for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
comprehensively. These assumptions may be affected by economic conditions and revisions of laws and regulations, and there is a risk that such effects may cause significant changes in the measurement of defined benefit obligations in subsequent fiscal years.
Details on measurement of defined benefit obligations in defined benefit retirement plans and the amounts are discussed in Note 23, ―Employee Benefits‖.
• Measurement of Provisions
The Group records asset retirement obligations as a provision in the consolidated statement of financial position. The amount recorded is the present value calculated by discounting the best estimate of expenditures required to settle the obligations, which takes into account risks and uncertainty as of the end of the fiscal year, at a pre-tax discount rate, reflecting risks inherent in the liabilities.
Although the amount of expenditures required to settle the obligations is calculated comprehensively taking into account future possible outcomes, this amount may be affected by unpredictable events or changes in situation. If the actual amount of payment differs from the estimate, or if there is any significant change in the discount rate for discounting the estimated expenditure due to changes in economic conditions and other factors, the amount recognized in subsequent fiscal years may be affected significantly.
The amount of recognized asset retirement obligations is discussed in Note 22, ―Provisions‖.
 (2)
Information on Reportable Segments
The accounting method for the reportable segments is generally the same as the method described in Note 3, ―Significant Accounting Policies‖.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
Home-Life Utility Logistics
(Millions of yen)
Consoli- Total Adjustment dated
Revenue
Revenue from external customers Intersegmentrevenue
Totalrevenue Grossprofit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Loss from tangible assets, intangible assets and goodwill
Otherprofit
Profit from operating activities
Financial income and costs
Share of profit of investments accounted for by the equity method
Profit before tax
Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders
Other items
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment loss
Total assets
Investments accounted for by the equity method Capital expenditures
Total trading transactions
86,484 62,827 344 715 86,828 63,542 27,446 9,259
(23,385) 526
244 4,831 67
441 5,339 2,823
(3,475) (40)
65,033 7,682 3,683
90,768
479,568 1,768 481,336 52,785
695,060 – 3,318 (3,318) 698,378 (3,318)
Reportable segments
Power & Life Energy
&
Industrial Energy& Logistics
66,181 491 66,672 4,114
 695,060 – 695,060 93,604 – 93,604
   (3,424) (253)
(74,804) 107 (74,697) (981) (1) (982)
1,745 8 1,753 5,766 2,327 19,564 114 19,678
(506) – (746) (88) (834)
(46,213)
(1,238)
1,058 431 12
(1,782) (16)
 6,640 (307)
0 6,333 3,407
(3,264) –
70,700 3,530 2,990
65,654
16 43
500 – 500
  5,276 2,571
(3,207) (952)
149,422 387 1,787 725,481
2,370 1,649
(610) –
29,429 150 540 147,036
19,318 10,450
(10,556) (992)
314,584 11,749 9,000 1,028,939
26 19,344 (45) 10,405
(300) (10,856) – (992)
30,019 344,603 – 11,749 1,058 10,058 – 1,028,939
      (Note) Intersegment transactions have been decided by reference to the market price.
The adjustment of negative ¥45 million to net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders represents corporate profit not allocated to reportable segments.
The adjustment of ¥30,019 million to total assets represents corporate assets not allocated to reportable segments.
Total trading transactions are unaudited items voluntarily disclosed by the Company and represent the amount of sales in accordance with Japanese accounting practices.
ENEX REPORT 2018 82 - 19 - - 20 - ENEX REPORT 2018 83

 6.
7.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
There were no significant business combinations during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
There were no significant business combinations during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
Loss of Control of Subsidiaries
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
There was no significant loss of control during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
(Reorganization and Integration of the Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) Wholesale and Retail Business)
On October 1, 2017, the Company and OSAKA GAS established a joint-venture company with each company owning a 50% stake. The joint venture was formed through respective exchanges of shares whereby the former OSAKA GAS subsidiary NISSHO PETROLEUM GAS CORPORATION (―Nissho LP‖), which was designated as the wholly owning parent company for the share exchanges, exchanged its shares for the shares of each of the three former subsidiaries of the Company – ITOCHU ENEX HOME-LIFE KANTO CO., LTD. (―HOME-LIFE KANTO‖), ITOCHU ENEX HOME-LIFE CHUBU CO., LTD. (―HOME-LIFE CHUBU‖) and ITOCHU ENEX HOME-LIFE KANSAI CO., LTD. (―HOME-LIFE KANSAI‖), and one former subsidiary of OSAKA GAS – Osaka Gas LPG Co., Ltd., which were designated as the wholly owned subsidiary companies for the share exchanges. The merged company, Nissho LP, was renamed ―ENEARC‖ on the same day.
In addition, as part of the reorganization and integration, effective the same day, the Company acquired all Nissho LP-owned shares in Nissho Propane Sekiyu Co., Ltd., Ehime Nissho Propane Co., Ltd., and Kochi Nissho Propane Corporation, making them subsidiaries of the Company.
The Company has determined that ENEARC meets the conditions for a joint venture. As such, the company is treated as an equity-method affiliate for accounting purposes.
As a result of the share exchange used to establish ENEARC, the Company has lost management control of HOME- LIFE KANTO, HOME-LIFE CHUBU and HOME-LIFE KANSAI. This has resulted in a gain of ¥2,326 million (including a gain of ¥1,163 million from a fair value remeasurement of the Company’s remaining stakes in the three companies as of the date management control was lost), which has been recognized as ―gains on business reorganization and others.‖
(3)
(4)
(5)
Products and Services Information
This information is omitted because the classification of products and services is the same as the classification of reportable segments.
Geographic Information
This information is omitted because revenue from external customers in Japan accounts for a large percentage of the revenue recorded in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018.
Major Customers Information
This information is omitted because there is no major external customer from which revenue accounts for 10% or more of the revenue recorded in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018.
Business Combinations
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 Home-Life
Reportable segments
Power & Life Energy & Industrial
(Millions of yen)
Consoli- Total Adjustment dated
744,767 – 9,959 (9,959) 754,726 (9,959)
Utility Logistics Energy& Logistics
 Revenue
Revenue from external customers Intersegmentrevenue
Totalrevenue Grossprofit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Loss from tangible assets, intangible assets and goodwill
Other profit (loss)
Profit from operating activities
Financial income and costs
Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for by the equity method
Gains on business reorganization and others Profit before tax
Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders
Other items
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment loss
Total assets
Investments accounted for by the equity method Capital expenditures
Total trading transactions
93,592
336 5,899
93,928 80,440 24,458 8,891
488,399 88,235 3,252 472 491,651 88,707 51,916 3,557
(43,808) (1,850) (71,360) (680) 79 (964)
583 18 1,221 8,011 1,804 17,719
(518) (25) (693)
74,541
744,767 – 744,767 88,822 – 88,822
   (21,374) (75)
269 3,278 166
540
2,326 6,310
3,958
(3,246) (132)
66,089 17,699 4,182 104,941
(4,328) (288)
351 4,626
(316) (180)
– 4,130
2,210
92 41
–– 7,585 1,820
4,070 1,253
493
2,326 19,845
11,491
429 (580)
(415) (566) (110)
–
– (676)
(466)
(509)
(574) 26,585 – 694 –
(70,931) (1,544)
806 17,153
(803)
493
2,326 19,169
11,025
(10,824) (1,429)
382,621 26,145 14,432
1,156,344
      (3,468)
(13) (710) –
80,189 165,406 44,352 7,936 351 159 6,014 2,290 1,252
78,560 799,001 173,842
(3,006) (595) (10,315) (855)
 356,036 26,145 13,738
1,156,344
  (Note) Intersegment transactions have been decided by reference to the market price.
The adjustment of negative ¥466 million to net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders represents corporate profit not allocated to reportable segments.
The adjustment of ¥26,585 million to total assets represents corporate assets not allocated to reportable segments.
Total trading transactions are unaudited items voluntarily disclosed by the Company and represent the amount of sales in accordance with Japanese accounting practices.
ENEX REPORT 2018 84
-21- -22-
ENEX REPORT 2018 85

 Other income and expenses associated with the business reorganization and integration are shown below.
The components of non-current financial assets other than investments are shown below: As of March 31, 2017
Non-current financial assets other than investments Non-current loans receivable
Non-current lease receivables
Guarantee deposits
        Classification
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Share of loss of investments accounted for by the equity method Gains on business reorganization and others
Income tax expense
Total
Cash and Cash Equivalents
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
(302)
(848) 2,326 (75) 1,101
425 2,545 6,342 Other 1,984
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018
345 2,471 6,913 2,216
(545) 11,400
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018 28,305
75 28,380
  Allowance for credit losses
Total
11. Inventories
The components of inventories are shown below:
(493) 10,803
          8. 9.
Cash and cash equivalents as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 were composed of cash and deposits.
   Trade Receivables
The components of trade receivables are shown below:
Trade receivables
Trade receivables
Trade notes receivable Allowance for credit losses
Total
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018
113,043 7,022
(524) 119,541
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018
1,108 14,531 1,570 20,000 1,651 38,860
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018
289 3,117 3,406
Merchandise and finished goods Raw materials
As of March 31, 2017 27,078 77 Total 27,155
                     10.
As of March 31, 2017
89,929 5,312
(482) 94,759
As of March 31, 2017
1,283 14,903 80 13,000 Other 443
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the amount of inventories expensed as cost of sales was ¥638,227 million, compared with ¥580,591 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the amount of inventories written down to net realizable value was ¥11 million, compared with ¥22 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017. These amounts written down are included in cost of sales in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
The carrying amount of inventories recorded at fair value, less cost to sell, on a recurring basis as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 was ¥1,955 million and ¥2,344 million, respectively. The fair value is measured based on the amount obtained from a pricing service agency that was principally evaluated by the market approach and classified as Level 2.
Securities and Other Financial Assets
The components of other current financial assets are shown below:
      Other current financial assets Short-term loans receivable Other accounts receivable Derivative assets
Investments Accounted for by the Equity Method
In the Group, all investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for by the equity method. There is no investment in associates and joint ventures for which stock quotations have been published.
Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures
Total carrying amounts of investments in associates and joint ventures in the consolidated statement of financial
Deposits paid
12.
(1)
position as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 are shown below:
Associates 8,518
   Total
The components of other investments are shown below:
29,709
As of March 31, 2017
269 7,192 7,461
As of March 31, 2017
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018 8,072 18,073 26,145
               Joint ventures
3,231 Total 11,749
      Other investments
FVTPL financial assets FVTOCI financial assets
Total
         ENEX REPORT 2018 86 - 23 - - 24 - ENEX REPORT 2018 87

 (2)
Breakdown of Comprehensive Income from Associates and Joint Ventures
For investments in associates and joint ventures, the amounts of corresponding share of comprehensive income
recorded in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 are shown below: A. Profit or Loss
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018 350
143 493
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018 (61)
      Associates 542 Joint ventures (42)
Total 500 B. Other Comprehensive Income
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
Associates 146
                  Joint ventures
C. Total Comprehensive Income
78 (467) 224 (528)
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended Fiscal year ended
   Total
      March 31, 2017 Associates 688
March 31, 2018 289
(324) (35)
Percentage of equity held
(%)
Percentage of equity held
(%)
      Joint ventures
36 724
Location Minato-ku, Tokyo
Location
Minato-ku, Tokyo Minato-ku, Tokyo
      (3)
Total
Major Associates and Joint Ventures
Details of major associates and joint ventures are as follows:
As of March 31, 2017
    Name
Associate JAPAN GAS ENERGY CORPORATION
Major business Sale of LPG products
Major business
Sale of LPG products Sale of LPG products
     As of March 31, 2018
20.0
              20.0
  50.0
 Associate Joint venture
Name
JAPAN GAS ENERGY CORPORATION ENEARC Co., Ltd.
      (4)
Summarized Financial Information of Major Associates and Joint Ventures
Summarized financial information of major associates and joint ventures accounted for by the equity method is shown below.
In summarized financial information on the statement of income and the statement of comprehensive income of ENEARC Co., Ltd. for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, amounts arising during the period since the said company became a joint venture due to the reorganization and integration of the liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) wholesale and retail business (from October 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018) are presented. For details on the
 reorganization and integration of the liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) wholesale and retail business, please refer to Note 7, ―Loss of Control of Subsidiaries‖.
JAPAN GAS ENERGY CORPORATION
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018 37,955 3,942 27,179
124 14,594
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018 157,400
1,774 (13)
1,761 51
   As of March 31, 2017 38,857 4,166 29,814 122 Equity 13,087
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
Revenue 123,465
   Current assets Non-current assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
                        Net profit (loss)
Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income Dividends received by the Group
ENEARC Co., Ltd.
1,146 166 1,312 –
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018
                Current assets     15,324 Non-current assets     24,365 Current liabilities     16,010 Non-current liabilities     6,597 Equity     17,082
Cash and cash equivalents included in the above current assets are ¥3,951 million. Financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables, and provisions) included in current liabilities are ¥6,750 million, and financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables, and provisions) included in non-current liabilities are ¥4,662 million.
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018 Revenue     32,693
Depreciation and amortization     (1,295) Financial income     8 Financial costs     (15) Income tax expense     1 Net profit (loss)     1,217 Other comprehensive income     (22) Comprehensive income     1,195 Dividends received by the Group     –
     ENEX REPORT 2018 88 - 25 - - 26 - ENEX REPORT 2018 89

 (5)
Reconciliation Between Carrying Amounts and Summarized Financial Information of Major Associates and Joint Ventures
13. Property, Plant and Equipment
Changes in acquisition cost, accumulated depreciation, and accumulated impairment loss of property, plant and equipment are shown below:
JAPAN GAS ENERGY CORPORATION
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018 14,594 2,919
– 2,919
      Net assets
The Group’s share of net assets
Goodwill and consolidation adjustments
Carrying amounts of the Group’s equity interest in JAPAN GAS ENERGY CORPORATION
ENEARC Co., Ltd.
Net assets
The Group’s share of net assets
Goodwill and consolidation adjustments
Carrying amounts of the Group’s equity interest in ENEARC Co., Ltd.
As of March 31, 2017 13,087 2,617 –
2,617
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018
17,082 8,541 2,220
10,761
[Acquisition Cost]
As of April 1, 2016
Acquisition
Machinery,
equipment Vessels and vehicles
18,788 39,309
38 891 1,292 –
Construction in progress
1,251
(Millions of yen) Total
138,895 11,102
(849) –
(11,471) 3,109 140,786 10,864
 Buildings and Land structures
Other
10,882 1,219
       67,330 1,335
       Reclassification 284 736 1,667 –
7,662 410 (3,946)
Acquisition through business combinations
Disposal
Other
As of March 31, 2017
Acquisition
Reclassification
– – – – (1,394) (2,263) (7,299) –
––
    (9) 1,390 17,707 40,063 – 1,408 22 1,771
(513) 693 12,691 1,227 317 23
(3,886)
1,044 11,416
Other
(5,987)
(2) (592)
4,373
6,775 (6,525)
1,627 – 64,617 1,335 1,311 143 3,844 415 488 –
(3,548) (3,535)
8 26 1,608 –
(156) 79 3,037
          Acquisitionthrough 1,889 558
business combinations
Decrease due to disposal and change in the scope of consolidation
As of April 1, 2016 (183) Depreciation –
(9,284) –
(54)
(358) 4,290
Construction in progress
– – – – – – – – – –
–
– –
(20,307)
2,328 136,552
(Millions of yen) Total
(50,584) (8,424) (585)
856 7,477
(1,938) (53,198) (8,648) (996)
129 12,534
(1,047) (51,226)
Other
As of March 31, 2018
 16,078 40,291 62,584 [Accumulated Depreciation and Accumulated Impairment Loss]
1,893
Vessels
(373) (122)
  Land
Buildings and structures
(13,731) (1,825) (404)
766 1,422
(908) (14,680) (1,777) (529)
129 2,173
(401) (15,085)
Machinery,
equipment and vehicles
(30,310) (4,942) (96)
90 5,547
(822) (30,533) (5,067) (143)
– 8,075
(424) (28,092)
  Impairmentloss Reclassification Disposal
Other
As of March 31, Depreciation Impairmentloss Reclassification
(66) –
58 0
(191) –
(52) –
104
(1,535) – (19)
 2017
– 450
(208) (7,299) (1,652) – (272)
– – –
–
–
(3) (650)
(495) (152)
 Decrease due to disposal and change in the scope of consolidation
– 2,182
(219) (7,260)
Other – As of March 31, 2018 (139)
  ENEX REPORT 2018 90 - 27 - - 28 - ENEX REPORT 2018 91

 [Carrying Amount]
As of March 31, 2017 As of March 31, 2018
Land
17,516 15,939
Buildings and structures
25,383 25,206
Machinery,
equipment and vehicles
34,084 34,492
Vessels
840 1,243
Construction Other in progress
5,392 4,373 4,156 4,290
(Millions of yen) Total
87,588 85,326
    Carrying amounts of finance lease assets (net of accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss)
included in property, plant and equipment are shown below:
(Millions of yen) Total
10,398 10,026
            As of March 31, 2017 As of March 31, 2018
Buildings and structures
7,216 6,737
Machinery,
equipment and Vessels
vehicles
1,879 100 1,740 86
Other
1,203 1,463
            The depreciation expense of property, plant and equipment is included in cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
Expenditures related to property, plant and equipment under construction are presented as construction in progress in the above table.
The balance of property, plant and equipment includes property, plant and equipment of which disposal through transfer, sale, etc. is restricted in association with bank loans of ¥12,809 million and ¥12,535 million as of March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.
There were no borrowing costs capitalized in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018.
For the commitments for acquisition of property, plant and equipment, please refer to Note 39, ―Commitments‖.
14. Investment Property
Changes in acquisition cost, accumulated depreciation, and accumulated impairment loss of investment property are shown below:
[Acquisition Cost]
Balance at the beginning of the year Acquisition
Expenditure after acquisition Reclassification
Decrease due to disposal and change in the scope of consolidation Other
Balance at the end of the year
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2017 March 31, 2018 27,414 25,569 135 40 142 351 94 156
(2,390) (4,268) 174 158 25,569 22,006
                [Accumulated Depreciation and Accumulated Impairment Loss]
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018 (13,583)
(245) (397) (129)
2,514 –
(11,840)
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
   Balance at the beginning of the year (14,152) Depreciation (323) Impairment loss (346) Reclassification (766) Decrease due to disposal and change in the scope of consolidation 2,170 Other (166) Balance at the end of the year (13,583)
         The rental income from investment property for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 was ¥3,473 million and ¥3,061 million, respectively, which was included in revenue in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. The direct operating expenses incurred incidental to rental income were ¥1,521 million and ¥1,460 million, respectively, which were included in cost of sales in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
[Carrying Amount and Fair Value]
Carrying amount As of March 31, 2017 11,986 As of March 31, 2018 10,166
(Millions of yen) Fair value
11,730 10,129
            The Group has rental facilities for selling petroleum products, such as gas stations, and rental storage facilities for petroleum products throughout Japan.
Fair value of the above investment property is classified into Level 3. The fair value is calculated based on the amount measured using the sales comparison method and the discounted cash flow method, taking into account the market conditions adjustment, area-specific value, and other factors computed by the Group.
ENEX REPORT 2018 92
-29- -30-
ENEX REPORT 2018 93

 15. Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Changes in acquisition cost, accumulated amortization, and accumulated impairment loss of goodwill and intangible assets are shown below:
included in intangible assets are shown below:
As of March 31, 2017 As of March 31, 2018
(Millions of yen) Software
2 2
    [Acquisition Cost]
As of April 1, 2016 Acquisition
Acquisition through business combinations
Disposal
Goodwill
749 –
Relationships with customers
14,014 510
Brand and relationships with suppliers
11,069 –
Other
3,977 1,245
(Millions of yen) Total
29,809 1,755
The amortization expense of intangible assets is included in cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
Of the above intangible assets, significant assets are relationships with customers recognized in the business combination with TOKYO TOSHI SERVICE COMPANY (as of March 31, 2017: ¥3,343 million, and March 31, 2018: ¥3,222 million) and brand and relationships with suppliers recognized in the business combination with Osaka Car Life Group Co., Ltd. (as of March 31, 2017: ¥10,284 million, and March 31, 2018: ¥10,008 million). The remaining amortization periods of these intangible assets as of March 31, 2017 and 2018, are 22 to 37 years and 21 to 36 years, respectively, for relationships with customers, and 37 years and 36 years, respectively, for brand and relationships with suppliers.
There were no intangible assets pledged as collateral as of March 31, 2017 and 2018.
Impairment Test for Goodwill
In performing an impairment test for goodwill, the Group allocates goodwill to the petroleum product sales business and the LP gas sales business and calculates the recoverable amount of the petroleum product sales business and the LP gas sales business, which are cash-generating units, based on value in use.
The Group calculates value in use by discounting estimated future cash flows based on the latest business plan approved by the Board of Directors to the present value.
The Group uses a pre-tax discount rate reflecting the current market valuation of the time value of money, risks inherent in the asset, and other factors as the discount rate (as of March 31, 2017: 4.0%, and March 31, 2018: 3.6%).
The Group considers that significant impairment is unlikely to arise in the cash-generating unit even if the discount rate used in the above impairment test changes within a reasonably predicable range.
16. Leases
(1) Lessee
                      Other –
– – –
156 156
(187) (2,023) 313 12,814 1,568
–
– 11,069 –
–
–
– 11,069
Brand and relationships with suppliers
(508) (277)
– – –
(785) (276)
–
(1,786) 227 3,819 869
12
(620)
(42) 4,038
Other
(2,481) (501) (6)
1,764 (95) (1,319) (586) (3)
(3,996) 540 28,264 2,437
471
(4,682)
(14) 26,476
(Millions of yen) Total
(4,892) (2,109) (6)
3,035 (121) (4,093) (1,930) (3)
      As of March 31, 2017 562
      Acquisition –
Acquisition through business combinations
Decrease due to disposal and change in the scope of consolidation
Other
As of March 31, 2018
171 288
– (4,062)
(41) 69 692 10,677
             [Accumulated Amortization and Accumulated Impairment Loss]
      Goodwill
As of April 1, 2016 (161) Amortization – Impairment loss – Disposal 132 Other – As of March 31, 2017 (29) Amortization – Impairment loss
Relationships with customers
(1,742) (1,331)
– 1,139
(26) (1,960) (1,068)
A.
Finance Leases
The total future minimum lease payments under finance leases and the present value thereof as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 are shown below:
(Millions of yen)
Present value of
total future minimum lease payments
                           – –
Total future minimum lease payments
Asof Asof Asof Asof
    Decrease due to disposal and change in the scope of consolidation
Other
As of March 31, 2018
[Carrying Amount]
As of March 31, 2017 As of March 31, 2018
– 448
29 4 – 12 45
March 31, 2017 2,020
4,949
4,993 11,962 (1,266)
10,696
March 31, 2018 1,887
5,332
4,503 11,722 (1,157)
10,565
March 31, 2017 1,829
4,348
4,519 10,696
March 31, 2018 1,706
4,760
4,099 10,565
           – (2,576)
Goodwill Relationships with customers
533 10,854 692 8,101
– (1,061)
547 (1,349)
995
(4,986)
(Millions of yen) Total
24,171 21,490
Not later than 1 year
Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years
Later than 5 years Total
Less: Accrued financial costs
Present value of total future minimum lease payments
                      Brand and relationships with suppliers
10,284 10,008
Other
2,500 2,689
The total of future minimum sublease payments expected to be received under noncancelable subleases as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥452 million and ¥676 million, respectively.
Lease agreements do not have any contingent rent payable, renewal or purchase options, escalation clauses,
                        Carrying amounts of finance lease assets (net of accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment loss)
ENEX REPORT 2018 94 - 31 - - 32 - ENEX REPORT 2018 95

 B.
and restrictions imposed by the lease agreements (such as those concerning dividends, additional debt, and further leasing).
Operating Leases
The total future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 are shown below:
      Not later than 1 year
Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years Later than 5 years
Total
As of March 31, 2017
1,989 2,212 1,436 5,637
(Millions of yen) As of
March 31, 2018 1,807
3,720 1,874 7,401
      As of March 31, 2017 and 2018, lease payments recognized as expenses under cancelable or noncancelable operating leases were ¥13,237 million and ¥12,453 million, respectively.
Lease agreements do not have any contingent rent payable, renewal or purchase options, escalation clauses, and restrictions imposed by the lease agreements (such as those concerning dividends, additional debt, and further leasing).
(2) Lessor Finance Leases
The total future minimum lease payments receivable under finance leases and the present value thereof as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 are shown below:
(Millions of yen) Present value of
   Total future minimum lease payments
Asof Asof Asof Asof
total future minimum lease payments
         Not later than 1 year
Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years
Later than 5 years Total
Less: Unearned financial income
Present value of total future minimum lease payments receivable
March 31, 2017 362
1,240
1,319 2,921
(21) 2,900
March 31, 2018 486
1,368
1,139 2,993
(49) 2,944
March 31, 2017 355
1,226
1,319 2,900
March 31, 2018 472
1,333
1,139 2,944
                 17. Deferred Taxes and Income Taxes
(1) Deferred Taxes
The details of changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities are shown below:
      As of April 1, 2016
  Amount recognized in profit or loss
  Amount recognized in other comprehensive income
     Other (Note)
   As of March 31, 2017
 Deferred tax assets:
Non-current assets 8,829 Securities 135 Post-employment benefits 3,189 Tax loss carryforwards 138 Other 5,107
(909) – 37 (33) (77) (106)
149 –
(Millions of yen)
– 7,920 – 139 – 3,006 – 287 – 5,439
416 (84)
Total deferred tax assets     17,398   (384) (223)     – 16,791
       Deferred tax liabilities: Non-current assets Other
(7,207) (672)
533 – 59 –
(48) (6,722) (58) (671)
 Total deferred tax liabilities     (7,879)   592 –     (106)
(7,393)
      (Note) The ―Other‖ column represents the amount of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities recognized due to acquisition of subsidiaries through business combinations and other amounts.
      As of March 31, 2017
  Amount recognized in profit or loss
  Amount recognized in other comprehensive income
     Other (Note)
   As of March 31, 2018
 Deferred tax assets:
Non-current assets 7,920 (168) Securities 139 291 Post-employment benefits 3,006 (137) Tax loss carryforwards 287 (8) Other 5,439 (811)
– 329 (390) – (55) 217 –– (30) 98 (475) 644
–– –– ––
(Millions of yen)
8,081 40 3,031 279 4,696 16,127
(7,059) (751) (7,810)
      Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Non-current assets
Other
Total deferred tax liabilities
16,791 (833)
(6,722) (337) (671) (80) (7,393) (417)
                  (Note) The ―Other‖ column represents the amount of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities recognized due to acquisition of subsidiaries through business combinations and other amounts.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position are shown below:
   As of March 31, 2017 Deferred tax assets 11,359 Deferred tax liabilities 1,961
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018 10,502 2,185
      In recognizing deferred tax assets, the Group assesses recoverability, taking into account expected future taxable profits and tax planning. As a result of the assessment of recoverability, deferred tax assets have not been recognized for some deductible temporary differences and unused tax loss carryforwards.
ENEX REPORT 2018 96 - 33 - - 34 - ENEX REPORT 2018 97

 Deductible temporary differences for which no deferred tax asset is recognized and unused tax loss carryforwards are shown below:
      Deductible temporary differences Unused tax loss carryforwards
Total
As of March 31, 2017 2,388 1,094 3,482
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018 2,216 2,499 4,715
      The amounts of unused tax loss carryforwards for which deferred tax assets are not recognized by expiration are shown below:
      First year Second year Third year Fourth year
Fifth year or later
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2017 As of March 31, 2018
– –
– –
– –
0 49 1,094 2,450 1,094 2,499
   Total
   (2)
Income Tax Expense
Current tax expense and the components of deferred tax expense are shown below:
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2017 March 31, 2018 (6,601) (5,080)
2 (865)
2 (865) (6,599) (5,945)
      Current tax expense Deferred tax expense
Recognition and reversal of temporary differences Total deferred tax expense
Income tax expense
        The Company is subject principally to corporate income taxes, inhabitant taxes, and business taxes. The effective statutory tax rates based on these taxes were 30.9% for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, and 30.9% for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. However, foreign subsidiaries are subject to income taxes and other taxes in their respective locations.
The reconciliation between the effective statutory tax rate and the effective tax rate for income tax expenses recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income is shown below:
      Effective statutory tax rate
Effect of expenses not deductible permanently
Other
Effective income tax rate after application of tax-effect accounting
Fiscal year ended Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 March 31, 2018
30.9% 30.9% 1.4 1.3 1.8 (1.2)
34.1 31.0
          18. Bonds and Borrowings
The components of bonds and borrowings are shown below:
     As of March 31, 2017
   As of March 31, 2018
  Average interest rate
(%)
(Note 1)
     Repayment date
 Short-term borrowings
Current portion of non-current borrowings
Non-current borrowings (excluding current portion)
Bonds payable (excluding current portion) (Note 2)
1,667 7,651
16,741
14,961
10,317 2,115
15,302
14,971
42,705 12,432 30,273 42,705
(Millions of yen)
–
–
March 2020– October 2037
(Note 2) ––
0.179 1.187
1.513
(Note 2)
        Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Total     41,020 9,318 31,702 41,020
   Total
(Notes) 1. The average interest rate is based on each agreed-upon
interest rate or weighted-average interest rate for the closing balance.
   2. Summary of issuing conditions of bonds is shown below:
    Entity
ITOCHU Enex Co., Ltd.
ITOCHU Enex Co., Ltd.
Total
19. Trade Payables
As of March 31, 2017
As of March 31, 2018
4,996
9,975 14,971
Interest rate (%)
0.736
1.202 –
(Millions of yen) Maturity date
May 22, 2019
May 20, 2022 –
Bond
Series 13 Unsecured Bonds
Series 14 Unsecured Bonds
Date of issue
May 22, 2012
May 22, 2012 –
4,992
9,969 14,961
Collateral
Unsecured
Unsecured –
            –
    The components of trade payables are shown below:
Trade payables Notes payable Other payables
Total
20. Other Financial Liabilities
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018 120,531 113 6,801 127,445
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018 1,706 2,178 2,371 1,447 837 8,539
   As of March 31, 2017 96,655 66 5,181 101,902
As of March 31, 2017 1,829 4,140 2,669 81 Other – Total 8,719
         The components of other current financial liabilities are shown below:
      Lease obligations
Other payables (Non-operating) Deposits received
Derivative liabilities
      ENEX REPORT 2018 98 - 35 - - 36 - ENEX REPORT 2018 99

 The components of other non-current financial liabilities are shown below:
As of March 31, 2017
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018 8,859 13,805 671 23,335
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018 7,378
42 3,000 1,860 12,280
(Millions of yen) Total
5,457 157
(353) 63
      Long-term lease obligations Guarantee deposits received Derivative liabilities
Total
8,867 14,858 776 24,501
As of March 31, 2017 7,827 37 2,343 Other 1,887
      21. Other Current Liabilities
The components of other current liabilities are shown below:
      Short-term obligations on employee benefits Current provisions (Note)
Accrued expenses
   Total
(Note) For details of current provisions, please refer to Note 22, ―Provisions‖.
22. Provisions
The components of changes in provisions are shown below:
Provision for asset retirement obligations
12,094
       Other
    As of April 1, 2016 5,452
Increase during the year 151
Amount used during the year (utilization) (348)
Increase due to passage of time 63
Other (235) –
5
6 (5) –
    (235) As of March 31, 2017     5,083   6 5,089 Increase during the year     212   2 214
  Amount used during the year (utilization) Increase due to passage of time
Other
(298) 95
(6) (304) – 95 42 (295)
(337)
As of March 31, 2018     4,755   44
4,799
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018
42 4,757 4,799
     The components of provisions by current and non-current classification are shown below:
As of March 31, 2017 Current liabilities (Note) 37 Non-current liabilities 5,052 Total 5,089
(Note) Provisions classified into current liabilities are included in other current liabilities.
            Provision for asset retirement obligations mostly relates to restoration obligations for rental offices, buildings, and stores and removal of harmful materials related to non-current assets. An outflow of economic benefits in the future is expected principally in a period after one year from the end of each fiscal year, but the timing may be affected by a future business plan and other factors.
 23. Employee Benefits
(1)
Post-Employment Benefits
Outline of Post-Employment Benefit Plans Adopted
The Company and some subsidiaries have defined benefit retirement plans, lump-sum retirement benefits, and defined contribution retirement pension plans, which cover almost all of their employees. The amount of pension benefits provided under defined benefit retirement plans is set based on service years of eligible employees. Extra retirement payments may be made upon an employee’s normal retirement or termination before the prescribed retirement date.
Under defined contribution retirement plans, the responsibility of the Company and some subsidiaries is limited to making contributions at the amount specified in the rules on retirement allowance that has been established for each company.
Nissan Osaka Sales Co., Ltd., a subsidiary, has participated in ―Zenkoku Nissan Jidosha Hambai Kigyo Pension Fund,‖ which is a multi-employer plan. This plan differs from a single employer plan in the following respects:
- Assets contributed by the employer to the multi-employer plan may be used for benefits to employees of the other member employers. The amount of contributions is calculated by multiplying standard pay of plan members by a fixed rate.
- If some employers suspend contributions, other member employers may be required to make additional contributions for unfunded liabilities.
- If the multi-employer plan is wound up or a member employer withdraws from the multi-employer plan, the member employer may be required to make contributions for unfunded liabilities as special contributions in winding up or withdrawal contributions.
Defined Benefit Retirement Plans
Changes in present value of defined benefit obligations are shown below:
A.
B.
      Balance at the beginning of the year Service cost
Interest expense
Remeasurement
Changes in demographic assumptions
Changes in financial assumptions
Benefits paid
Effect of business combinations and disposals Balance at the end of the year
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2017 March 31, 2018 18,381 17,738 819 895 74 94
104 172 (257) 39 (1,383) (1,340)
– 118 17,738 17,716
         (Note) Service cost is recognized in profit or loss (cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses). Interests on net amount of present value of defined benefit obligations and fair value of plan assets are recognized in profit or loss (interest income or interest expense).
Changes in fair value of plan assets are shown below:
Balance at the beginning of the year Interest income
Remeasurement
Return on plan assets Contributions by the employer Benefits paid
Balance at the end of the year
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2017 March 31, 2018 8,254 8,220 34 48
165 870 (151) 111
(82) (340) 8,220 8,909
               ENEX REPORT 2018 100 - 37 - - 38 - ENEX REPORT 2018 101

 The Company and certain subsidiaries will make contributions of ¥258 million in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2019.
The effect of change in the asset ceiling is shown below:
Balance at the beginning of the year
Change in the effect of limiting a net defined benefit asset to the asset ceiling
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018
– (493) (493)
(Millions of yen) Total
27 3,083 4,003 161 180 766 8,220
(Millions of yen) Total
0 3,353 4,450 324 782 8,909
      – – –
As of March 31, 2017
Level 2
(No active market)
27 – – 3,083 – 4,003 – 161 – 180 – 766
27 8,193
As of March 31, 2018
Level 2
(No active market)
0 – – 3,353 – 4,450 – 324 – 782 0 8,909
      Balance at the end of the year
The composition of the Group’s plan assets by asset category as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 is shown below:
        Level 1 (Active market)
    Cash and cash equivalents Stock trusts
Bond trusts
General accounts Separate accounts
Other
Total
Cash and cash equivalents Stock trusts
Bond trusts
General accounts
Other
Total
Level 1 (Active market)
                         In managing plan assets, the Group aims to secure return on assets necessary to ensure payment of future pension benefits in the long term only with acceptable risks. To this end, the Group formulates the optimal portfolio in consideration of past performance in addition to projection of return on assets subject to investment, and manages investment performance based on this portfolio.
For assets classified into Level 1 (there is an active market), fair value is estimated based on quoted prices in active markets. For assets classified into Level 2 (there is no active market), which mainly consist of investment trusts in domestic and foreign stocks and bonds, fair value is estimated using valuations provided by the plan trustee. Additionally, as part of plan assets, there are general accounts that are composed of stocks and bonds with quoted market prices in active markets. Other includes funds of hedge funds and real estate investment trusts.
Information on maturity analysis of defined benefit obligations is as follows:
Defined benefit obligations are calculated by discounting the amount of benefits that are deemed to have been incurred to date, over the remaining service period up to the time of payment. Because the timing of payment affects the amounts of defined benefit obligations and service cost, International Accounting Standard 19, ―Employee Benefits‖ requires an entity to disclose information on the timing of incurrence of benefits. The
Group believes that disclosure of weighted duration of defined benefit obligations that represents the average period taking into account benefit amount, timing, and discount is useful information to meet this requirement. The Company’s weighted duration of defined benefit obligations was 13 years in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, and 13 years in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
 The assumption of defined benefit obligations is shown below:
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
0.5 – 0.6%
   Discount rate 0.5 – 0.7%
   (2)
24.
(1)
Total employee benefits expense included in cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 was ¥47,150 million and ¥45,442 million, respectively.
Common Stock, Capital Surplus, and Retained Earnings
Common Stock
The number of shares authorized, the number of shares issued, and the number of shares of treasury stock of the Company are as follows.
All the shares issued by the Company are non-par value ordinary shares. All shares issued are fully paid.
C. D.
In the assumption of actuarial calculation described above, the calculation for defined benefit retirement plans is susceptible to the effects of the assumption of discount rate. If the discount rate had changed by 0.25% as of March 31, 2018, the effect on defined benefit obligations would be ¥387 million, which was calculated supposing that only the discount rate changes without any change in actuarial assumptions other than the discount rate.
Since this calculation is an estimation based on the assumptions, the actual calculation may be affected by changes in other variables.
Defined Contribution Plans
Expenses related to contributions required for defined contribution pension plans were ¥776 million and ¥686 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.
Extra Retirement Payments
The Company made extra retirement payments of ¥512 million and ¥305 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.
Employee Benefits Expense
      Number of shares authorized Number of shares issued
Balance at the beginning of the year Increase (decrease) during the year Balance at the end of the year
Number of shares of treasury stock Balance at the beginning of the year Increase (decrease) during the year Balance at the end of the year
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
387,250,000
116,881,106 – 116,881,106
3,891,809 565 3,892,374
(Shares) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018 387,250,000
116,881,106 – 116,881,106
3,892,374 109,761 4,002,135
         (Note) The balance of the number of shares of treasury stock at the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 includes 109,300 shares of the Company owned by the stock distribution trust for directors.
ENEX REPORT 2018 102 - 39 - - 40 - ENEX REPORT 2018 103

 (2)
Capital Surplus and Retained Earnings
The Companies Act of Japan provides that upon payment of dividends of surplus, an amount equal to 10% of the reserves, which decrease due to the dividends paid, must be appropriated as capital reserve (in case of dividends of capital surplus) or as retained earnings reserve (in case of dividends of retained earnings) until the total aggregate amount of capital reserve and retained earnings reserve equals 25% of the common stock.
The Companies Act imposes a certain restriction on the amount available for distribution in association with dividends of surplus or acquisition of treasury stock. The amount available for distribution is determined based on retained earnings, among others, in the Company’s separate financial statements calculated in accordance with Japanese Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (―GAAP‖). The Company’s amount available for distribution was ¥62,505 million as of March 31, 2018 (however, this amount available for distribution may change due to subsequent acquisition of treasury stock and other factors).
Under the Companies Act, in addition to year-end dividends, dividends of surplus can be paid at any time during the fiscal year by resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders. The Companies Act provides that companies meeting certain requirements (setup of a board of corporate auditors and appointment of an accounting auditor in addition to the board of directors, and the term of office for directors limited to one year) may determine dividends of surplus (excluding dividends in kind) by resolution of the board of directors if the articles of incorporation specify so. The Companies Act also provides that companies with a board of directors may pay dividends of surplus (only cash dividends) by resolution of the board of directors only once during a business year, if the articles of incorporation specify so.
Moreover, companies are allowed to dispose of treasury stock by resolution of the board of directors, or acquire treasury stock if the articles of incorporation specify so. However, acquisition of treasury stock is limited to the extent the above amount is available for distribution.
 25.
(1)
Other Components of Equity and Other Comprehensive Income
Other Components of Equity
Changes in each item of other components of equity are shown below:
   Classification
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2017 March 31, 2018
(898) (487) 78 883 333 110 (487) 506
– – 85 35
(85) (35) – –
219 236 17 (205)
236 31
(1,685) (1,404) 281 (278) (1,404) (1,682)
(2,364) (1,655) 461 435 248 75
(1,655) (1,145)
   FVTOCI financial assets
Balance at the beginning of the year Increase (decrease) during the year Reclassification to retained earnings Balance at the end of the year
Remeasurement of net defined benefit Balance at the beginning of the year Increase (decrease) during the year Reclassification to retained earnings Balance at the end of the year
liability
          Exchange differences on translating foreign operations Balance at the beginning of the year
Increase (decrease) during the year
Balance at the end of the year
Cash flow hedges
Balance at the beginning of the year Increase (decrease) during the year Balance at the end of the year
Other components of equity
Balance at the beginning of the year Increase (decrease) during the year Reclassification to retained earnings Balance at the end of the year
               ENEX REPORT 2018 104 - 41 - - 42 - ENEX REPORT 2018 105

 (2)
Other Comprehensive Income
The details of each item of other comprehensive income and their related tax effects (including non-controlling interests) are shown below:
   Classification
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
Tax effects
(33) (33)
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
 Before tax effects
111 111
Net of tax effects
78 78
206 206
Before tax effects
March 31, 2018 Tax effects
Net of tax effects
892 892
105 105
(38) (38)
(22) 96 74
(630) 102 (528) 505
 FVTOCI financial assets
Amount arising during the year Increase (decrease) during the year
Remeasurement of net defined benefit liability Amount arising during the year
Increase (decrease) during the year
Exchange differences on translating foreign operations
Amount arising during the year
Increase (decrease) during the year Cash flow hedges
Amount arising during the year Reclassification adjustments to profit Increase (decrease) during the year
Other comprehensive income of investments accounted for by the equity method
Amount arising during the year Reclassification adjustments to profit Increase (decrease) during the year
Total other comprehensive income
26. Dividends
312 (106) 312 (106)
(37) – (37) –
16 (5) 139 (39) 155 (44)
222 – 2 – 224 –
765 (183)
1,282 (390) 1,282 (390)
160 (55) 160 (55)
  (37) (38) (37) (38)
– –
8 (38) (30)
– – –
(475)
 11 100 111
222 2 224 582
(30) 134 104
(630) 102 (528) 980
   The Company pays an interim dividend and year-end dividend annually, with the former determined by the Board of Directors and the latter by the General Meeting of Shareholders.
Dividends paid for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 are shown below: For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
(1) Dividends Paid
Resolution
Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 22, 2016
Board of Directors’ meeting held on October 31, 2016
Class of shares
Ordinary shares
Ordinary shares
Total dividends (Millions of yen)
1,356 1,525
Dividends per share (Yen)
12 13.5
Record date
March 31, 2016 September 30, 2016
Effective date
June 23, 2016 December 5, 2016
                     (2) Dividends whose record date is in the current fiscal year, but whose effective date falls in the next fiscal year
   Resolution
Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 21, 2017
Class of shares
Ordinary shares
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Dividends per share (Yen)
18.5 16
Record date March 31, 2017
Total dividends (Millions of yen)
2,090
Total dividends (Millions of yen)
2,090 1,808
Dividends per share (Yen)
18.5
      For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (1) Dividends Paid
Effective date June 22, 2017
Effective date
June 22, 2017 December 4, 2017
     Resolution
Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 21, 2017
Board of Directors’ meeting held on October 31, 2017
Class of shares
Ordinary shares
Ordinary shares
Record date
March 31, 2017 September 30, 2017
               (2) Dividends whose record date is in the current fiscal year, but whose effective date falls in the next fiscal year
   Resolution
Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 20, 2018
Class of shares
Ordinary shares
Total dividends (Millions of yen)
2,712
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Dividends per share (Yen)
24
Record date March 31, 2018
Effective date June 21, 2018
      27.
(1)
Financial Instruments
(2)
(3)
Capital Management
The Group conducts capital management to continue sustainable growth and maximize corporate value.
To achieve sustainable growth, the Group recognizes that it is essential to secure sufficient financing capacity to make agile investment in businesses when an opportunity for such investments for business growth (such as acquisition of external resources) arises in the future. Therefore, the Group aims to ensure financial health and flexibility for future investment in businesses and maintain the capital structure with balanced return and investment.
There is no significant capital restriction that applies to the Company (excluding general provisions of the Companies Act and other laws and regulations).
Financial Risk Management Policy
In the course of management activities, the Group is exposed to financial risks (such as credit risks, liquidity risks, currency risks, interest rate risks, and market price risks) and performs risk management in accordance with certain policies to avoid or reduce these risks.
In accordance with the Group’s policy, its fund management is limited to short-term deposits, etc., and the Group depends on bank loans, among others, for raising funds. The Group utilizes derivatives for the purpose of hedging risks of changes in market conditions, and interest rate and exchange fluctuations, but does not enter into such transactions for speculative purposes.
Credit Risk Management
The Group grants credit to many customers in various trading transactions and bears credit risks.
ENEX REPORT 2018 106 - 43 - - 44 - ENEX REPORT 2018 107

 In line with the rules on credit management, the Group manages due dates and balances of trade receivables and loans by business partner, and pursues early identification or reduction of uncollectible receivables due to deteriorated financial conditions. The Group is not overly exposed to credit risks by concentration on a specific counterparty.
In utilizing derivatives, since the Group has transactions only with exchange members or banks with good credit standing, the Group believes there to be few credit risks.
When collateral held and other credit enhancements are not taken into account, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risks is the carrying amount after impairment of financial assets presented in the consolidated financial statements.
The analysis of the age of financial assets that are past due, but not impaired as of March 31, 2017 and 2018, is as follows. These amounts include amounts considered recoverable by credit insurance and collateral provided.
            As of March 31, 2017 Trade receivables Non-current receivables
Total
As of March 31, 2018 Trade receivables
Non-current receivables Total
Within 30 days More than 30 days, within 60 days
91 – – – 91 –
76 – – – 76 –
More than 60 days, within 90 days
– – –
– – –
More than 90 days
2 – 2
1 – 1
(Millions of yen) Total
93 – 93
77 – 77
                        The Group reviews collectibility of trade receivables depending on the credit conditions of customers and recognizes allowance for credit losses. Changes in the allowance for credit losses for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 are shown below:
      Balance at the beginning of the year Increase during the year
Decrease during the year (Utilization) Decrease during the year (Reversal) Other increase (decrease)
Balance at the end of the year
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2017 March 31, 2018 946 975 471 273
(83) (16) (276) (317)
(83) 154 975 1,069
         (4)
In the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018, the balance of trade receivables, etc., individually determined to be impaired, in light of the customer’s financial conditions, delay state of payments, and other factors, was ¥928 million and ¥1,167 million, respectively, and allowance for credit losses provided against these receivables was ¥662 million and ¥639 million, respectively.
Liquidity Risk Management
The Group manages liquidity risks by formulating a funding plan based on the annual business plan, and by conducting periodic assessment and collection of information on situations of liquidity in hand and interest-bearing debts and timely monitoring of cash flows. Through these means, the Group strives to ensure agility in financing to respond to changes in the financial situation and reduce funding costs while diversifying funding sources and financing methods.
 A.
Non-Derivative Financial Liabilities
Carrying amounts of non-derivative financial liabilities by maturity are shown below:
As of March 31, 2017
Carrying amount
Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years
–
– –
10,068
5,000 15,068
Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years
–
– –
8,985
15,000 23,985
Later than 5 years
776 – – 776
671 – – 671
(Millions of yen)
            Trade payables
Short-term bonds and borrowings
Short-term borrowings
Current portion of non-current borrowings
Non-current bonds and borrowings
Non-current borrowings
Bonds payable Total
101,902
1,667 7,651
16,741
14,961 142,922
Contractual cash flows
101,902
1,667 7,651
16,884
15,000 143,104
Contractual cash flows
127,445
10,317 2,115
15,433
15,000 170,310
Not later than 1 year
101,902
1,667 7,651
–
– 111,220
Not later than 1 year
127,445
10,317 2,115
–
– 139,877
Later than 5 years
–
– –
6,816
10,000 16,816
(Millions of yen)
            As of March 31, 2018
Carrying amount
Later than 5 years
–
– –
6,448
– 6,448
(Millions of yen) Total
776 25 56 857
671
127 1,320 2,118
            Trade payables
Short-term bonds and borrowings
Short-term borrowings
Current portion of non-current borrowings
Non-current bonds and borrowings
Non-current borrowings
Bonds payable Total
127,445
10,317 2,115
15,302
14,971 170,150
            B.
Derivative Financial Liabilities
The results of liquidity analysis of derivatives are shown below:
     Not later than 1 year
Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years
– – – –
– – – –
     As of March 31, 2017 Interest rate derivatives Currency derivatives Commodity derivatives
– 25 56 Total 81
          As of March 31, 2018
Interest rate derivatives – Currency derivatives 127 Commodity derivatives 1,320
Total 1,447
          ENEX REPORT 2018 108 - 45 - - 46 - ENEX REPORT 2018 109

 (5)
Market Risk Management
The Group is exposed to market risks arising from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, interest rates, commodity markets, and equity prices. As per its policy, the Group minimizes risks arising from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, interest rates, and other factors by building a management structure through establishment of balance limits, using various derivatives and others.
For execution and management of derivative transactions, in accordance with the internal rules that provide transaction authority, limit amounts, etc., departments engaged in such transactions rigorously manage and report on the transactions conducted according to their authority. In addition, a system of effective internal checking has been developed by setting up a transaction control department.
Market risks that the Group assumes are shown below:
Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis
The table below shows the effect on the Group’s profit before tax of gains or losses arising from instruments affected by interest rate fluctuations, if the interest rate increases 1% in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018. This analysis is calculated by multiplying the net balance of floating-rate financial instruments held by the Group as of March 31, 2017 and 2018, by 1% with no future changes in the balances, effects of foreign exchange fluctuations, effect of diversified timing of rollover, and repricing of variable-rate borrowings taken into account. The analysis assumes that all other variables remain constant.
In calculation of sensitivity, interest-bearing debts with a variable interest condition, interest-bearing debts that have a fixed interest condition but actually have a variable interest condition through interest rate swaps, and cash and cash equivalents are deemed as instruments affected by interest rate fluctuations.
   • • • •
A.
Currency risks
Interest rate risks
Commodity price risks
Price risks of equity instruments
Currency Risk Management
Because the Group is engaged in import and export transactions, which are exposed to exchange fluctuation risks for transactions denominated in foreign currencies, the Group strives to reduce such exchange fluctuation risks through hedging transactions utilizing derivatives, including forward foreign exchange contracts.
The Group’s exposure to currency risks (net amount) as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 is shown below:
As of March 31, 2017 As of March 31, 2018
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
Profit before tax (14)
Commodity Price Risk Management
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018 (90)
      Short-term foreign exchange balance
(Millions of yen) [Thousands of U.S. dollars]
8 (89) [75] [(840)]
The Group principally deals with petroleum products and is exposed to commodity price risks arising from fluctuations in crude oil prices, quoted prices of petroleum products, and other prices. The Group strives to reduce commodity price risks using derivatives (such as commodity futures contracts and commodity swaps) as hedging instruments to commodity price risks caused by price fluctuation.
Commodity Price Sensitivity Analysis
The table below shows the Group’s sensitivity analysis to fluctuations of quoted prices of crude oil and petroleum products.
The sensitivity analysis presents the effects on profit before tax in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income of a 1% increase in crude oil prices. This analysis assumes that other variable factors remain constant.
C.
         (Notes) 1. The foreign exchange balance is the amount in foreign currencies for which exchange fluctuation risks are not hedged with forward foreign exchange contracts, etc., in terms of receivables and payables in foreign currencies in import and export transactions and firm commitments in foreign currencies. The foreign exchange balance that is due for settlement within one year is classified as short-term foreign exchange balance, while the foreign exchange balance that is due for settlement due after one year is classified as long-term foreign exchange balance, if any.
2. Positive figures represent a receivable position, while negative figures (figures in parentheses), if any, represent a payable position.
Foreign Currency Sensitivity Analysis
Foreign currency sensitivity analysis shows the effect on profit before tax in the Group’s consolidated statement of comprehensive income of 1% appreciation of the Japanese yen to the Company’s short-term and long-term foreign exchange balances as of the end of each fiscal year. However, this analysis assumes that other variable factors (such as balances and interest rates) remain constant.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
81
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018
      Profit before tax
Management of Price Risks of Equity Instruments
87
   D.
The Group holds shares of third parties with which the Group has business relationships for the purpose of smoothly implementing its business strategy, and is exposed to risks of fluctuations in prices of equity instruments. The Group periodically assesses current market prices and financial conditions of issuers and continuously reviews its holding.
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018
The Group has no equity instruments held for short-term trading purposes and does not actively trade these investments.
Sensitivity Analysis of Equity Instruments to Price Risks
The Group’s sensitivity analysis of risks of fluctuations in prices of equity instruments is as follows. This sensitivity shows the effects on other comprehensive income (before tax effects) of a 10% decrease in prices of listed stocks as of the end of each fiscal year. The sensitivity assumes that other variable factors remain constant.
   Profit before tax U.S. dollar
Interest Rate Risk Management
0
1
   B.
The Group is exposed to interest rate fluctuation risks in raising and managing funds accompanying investment activities and operating transactions. In addition, fixed-rate debt obligations are exposed to risks of fluctuations in fair value due to fluctuations in interest rates. The Group works to quantify interest rate risks to appropriately control volatility in profit or loss due to interest rate fluctuations. Specifically, the Group strives to reduce interest rate risks by conducting hedging transactions through interest rate swaps.
Other comprehensive income
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
(661)
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018 (255)
         ENEX REPORT 2018 110 - 47 - - 48 - ENEX REPORT 2018 111

 (6) A.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments Method of Fair Value Measurement
Fair values of major financial assets and financial liabilities are determined as follows. In measurement of fair value of financial instruments, market prices are used when available. For financial instruments of which market prices are unavailable, the fair value is measured by discounting future cash flows or by other appropriate valuation methods.
Cash and cash equivalents
The fair value approximates the carrying amount because the remaining period to maturity is short.
Trade receivables, trade payables, and other current financial assets (deposits paid) The fair value approximates the carrying amount because it is settled in a short time.
Other current financial assets (securities) and other investments
The fair value of marketable securities is based on quoted prices on the stock exchange. The fair value of non-marketable securities is principally measured by the net asset approach, whereby the fair value is calculated by referring to the fair values of assets and liabilities held by the investee company.
Non-current financial assets other than investments (non-current loans receivable) and other current financial assets (current portion of non-current loans receivable)
The fair value of non-current loans receivable is measured by discounting future cash flows using interest rates offered for loans or credit with the same remaining maturities and the same terms to borrowers or customers with similar credit ratings.
Other current financial assets (derivatives), other current financial liabilities (derivatives), and other non-current financial liabilities (derivatives)
The fair value of a derivative is measured based on the market price, the price presented by counterparty financial institutions, etc.
Bonds and borrowings
Except for cases where the carrying amount is virtually equal to the fair value, fair value of bonds and borrowings is measured by discounting future cash flows using interest rates offered for borrowings with the same remaining maturities and terms.
        B.
Financial Instruments Measured at Amortized Cost
Fair values of financial instruments measured at amortized cost are shown below:
As of March 31, 2017
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018
            Financial assets measured at amortized cost:
Non-current financial assets other than investments (non-current loans receivable) and other current financial assets (current portion of non-current loans receivable)
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost: Bonds and borrowings
Carrying amount 501
41,020
Fair value 509
42,240
Carrying amount 408
42,705
Fair value 413
43,733
           C. Hierarchy of Fair Value Measurement Recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
IFRS 7, ―Financial Instruments: Disclosure‖, requires an entity to classify fair value measurements using the fair value hierarchy reflecting significance of inputs used for measurement of fair value.
 The following shows levels in the fair value hierarchy:
Level 1— Level 2—
Level 3—
Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
Inputs other than quoted market prices that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly
Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability
The level in the fair value hierarchy used for fair value measurement is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
Transfers between levels in the fair value hierarchy are recognized on the date on which an event or change in the situation resulting in the transfers arises.
Financial assets and financial liabilities recognized at fair value in the consolidated statement of financial position that are classified into levels in the fair value hierarchy are shown below:
  As of March 31, 2017
(Millions of yen) Total
– –
269 269 586 7,192
– 80 855 7,541
– 81
– 776 – 857
(Millions of yen) Total
– –
289 289 563 3,117
– 1,570 852 4,976
– 1,447
– 671 – 2,118
    Level 1 Level 2
– –
– – 6,606 –
Derivatives not designated as hedges
Total 6,622 64
Level 3
     Assets:
Other current financial assets (securities)
FVTPL financial assets Other investments
FVTPL financial assets
FVTOCI financial assets
Other current financial assets (derivatives)
16 64
          Liabilities:
Other current financial liabilities (derivatives)
Derivatives not designated as hedges
Other non-current financial liabilities (derivatives)
Derivatives designated as hedges Total
Assets:
Other current financial assets (securities)
FVTPL financial assets Other investments
FVTPL financial assets
FVTOCI financial assets
Other current financial assets (derivatives)
Derivatives not designated as hedges Total
Liabilities:
Other current financial liabilities (derivatives)
Derivatives not designated as hedges
Other non-current financial liabilities (derivatives)
Derivatives designated as hedges Total
56 25
– 776 56 801
            As of March 31, 2018
    Level 1 Level 2
– –
– – 2,554 –
27 1,543 2,581 1,543
203 1,244
– 671 203 1,915
Level 3
                         ENEX REPORT 2018 112 - 49 - - 50 - ENEX REPORT 2018 113

 There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018.
The components of changes in financial instruments classified into Level 3 of fair value hierarchy are shown below:
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
FVTPL
–
Other comprehensive income
Purchase – Sale – Redemption/other 269 Balance at the end of the year     269
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
         Balance at the beginning of the year Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized)
March 31, 2018 FVTOCI FVTPL FVTOCI
1,068 269 586
7 – 13 21 271 – (14) – – (496) (251) (36) 586 289 563
     –
        Gains or losses recognized in other comprehensive income in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income are presented as ―FVTOCI financial assets‖. There were no gains or losses recognized in profit.
For financial instruments classified into Level 3, no significant increase or decrease in the fair value is expected if one or more of the unobservable inputs are changed to reasonably possible alternative assumptions.
(7) FVTOCI Financial Assets
The Group classifies all equity instruments other than those accounted for by the equity method as FVTOCI financial instruments. These equity instruments are held for the purpose of maintaining and strengthening business relationships with investees.
A. Fair Value of FVTOCI Financial Instruments
The fair values of major FVTOCI financial instruments are shown below:
As of March 31, 2017
SINANEN HOLDINGS CO., LTD.
MAEDA ROAD CONSTRUCTION Co., Ltd. JX Holdings, Inc.
KOHNAN SHOJI CO., LTD.
HACHI-BAN CO., LTD.
As of March 31, 2018
MAEDA ROAD CONSTRUCTION Co., Ltd. JXTG Holdings, Inc.
KOHNAN SHOJI CO., LTD.
Tonami Holdings Co., Ltd.
HACHI-BAN CO., LTD.
Stock
Stock
Amount
Amount
(Millions of yen)
4,440 1,176 424 171 126
(Millions of yen)
1,286 500 206 156 126
             B.
Derecognition of FVTOCI Financial Assets
Some FVTOCI financial assets were sold or disposed of due to review of business relationships with investees, etc. FVTOCI financial assets derecognized due to sale or disposal during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 are shown below:
  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
Fair value at date of sale Accumulated gains (losses) 464 (306)
(Millions of yen)
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
Fair value at date of sale Accumulated gains (losses) 5,418 (160)
            C.
Dividends Received
Accumulated gains or losses (net of taxes) in other comprehensive income that were transferred to retained earnings as a result of the above are negative ¥333 million and negative ¥110 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.
   Investments derecognized during the year Investments held at the end of the year
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2017 March 31, 2018 12 211 234 85 246 296
         (8)
Total
Derivatives and Hedges Cash flow hedges
 A cash flow hedge is a hedge of the exposure to variability in future cash flows arising in association with the forecasted transactions or already recognized assets or liabilities. Changes in fair value of derivatives designated as a cash flow hedge are recognized in other comprehensive income. This accounting treatment continues until changes in future cash flows arising in association with the unrecognized forecasted transactions or already recognized assets or liabilities that are designated as a hedged item are recognized in gains or losses. The ineffective portion of the hedge is recognized in profit or loss.
In accordance with its policy, the Group has a floating rate position for long-term funds raised to satisfy fund management. These floating rate positions are hedged as the Group enters into interest rate swaps to hedge the risks of fluctuations in cash flows arising from future changes in interest rates. The interest rate swaps are designated as cash flow hedges.
In applying hedge accounting, as a general rule, the Group tries to match notional amounts, periods (maturities) and fundamental figures of interest rates of hedging instruments and hedged items to maintain the effectiveness of hedging relationships over the hedge period. Hedge effectiveness also continues to be assessed after the application of hedge accounting. If an ineffective portion arises, the Group analyzes the cause for the ineffective portion. In the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018, the amounts included in profit or loss in association with the ineffective portion of hedging and the portion excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness were not significant.
As of March 31, 2018, the notional amount balance for interest rate swaps as hedging instruments was ¥9,735 million, and the period when the cash flows are expected to occur and when they are expected to affect profit or loss is 14 years. The average of interest rates hedged with the interest rate swaps is 1.8%.
ENEX REPORT 2018 114 - 51 - - 52 - ENEX REPORT 2018 115

 As of March 31, 2017 and 2018, effects of hedging instruments designated as hedges on the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:
As of March 31, 2017
(Millions of yen)
Change in fair value used as the basis for recognition of the ineffective portion
–
(Millions of yen)
Change in fair value used as the basis for recognition of the ineffective portion
–
(Millions of yen) Balance recorded as other components of equity
     Notional amount
Carrying amount
Line item in the consolidated statement of financial position
776 Other non-current financial liabilities
  Derivative assets
Derivative liabilities
     Cash flow hedges Interest rate risks
Interest rate swaps
Cash flow hedges Interest rate risks
Interest rate swaps
10,600 –
            As of March 31, 2018
   Notional amount
Carrying amount
Line item in the consolidated statement of financial position
671 Other non-current financial liabilities
  Derivative assets
Derivative liabilities
          9,735 –
     As of March 31, 2017 and 2018, effects of hedged items designated as hedges on the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:
  As of March 31, 2017
  Change in fair value used as the basis for recognition of the ineffective portion
   Cash flow hedges Interest rate risks
Borrowing at a floating rate
Cash flow hedges Interest rate risks
Borrowing at a floating rate
(155)
As of March 31, 2018
(559)
          Change in fair value used as the basis for recognition of the ineffective portion
(Millions of yen) Balance recorded as other components of equity
      – (483)
   (9)
Offsetting of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
Some financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is presented in the consolidated statement of financial position since the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
For financial assets and financial liabilities recognized for the same counterparties, the components of amounts offset and not offset in the consolidated statement of financial position by type of financial instruments as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 are shown below:
 As of March 31, 2017
Financial assets: Trade receivables Total
Financial liabilities: Trade payables
Total
As of March 31, 2018
Financial assets: Trade receivables Total
Financial liabilities: Trade payables
Total
28. Revenue
Total amount of financial assets
3,284 3,284
Total amount of financial liabilities
4,555 4,555
Total amount of financial assets
8,521 8,521
Total amount of financial liabilities
6,933 6,933
Total amount of financial liabilities offset
1,578 1,578
Total amount of financial assets offset
1,578 1,578
Total amount of financial liabilities offset
2,143 2,143
Total amount of financial assets offset
2,143 2,143
Amount of financial assets that do not meet requirements for offsetting
Amount of collateral received
(Millions of yen) Net amount
514 514
(Millions of yen) Net amount
1,785 1,785
(Millions of yen) Net amount
3,449 3,449
(Millions of yen) Net amount
1,861 1,861
  Net amount of financial assets presented in the consolidated statement of financial position
          1,706 1,706
2,977 2,977
6,378 6,378
4,790 4,790
1,192 – 1,192 –
      Net amount of financial liabilities presented in the consolidated statement of financial position
Amount of financial liabilities that do not meet requirements for offsetting
Amount of collateral provided
          1,192 – 1,192 –
      Net amount of financial assets presented in the consolidated statement of financial position
Amount of financial assets that do not meet requirements for offsetting
Amount of collateral received
          2,929 – 2,929 –
      Net amount of financial liabilities presented in the consolidated statement of financial position
Amount of financial liabilities that do not meet requirements for offsetting
Amount of collateral provided
          2,929 – 2,929 –
    The components of revenue are shown below:
Revenue from sales of merchandise Other
Total
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
659,599 35,461 695,060
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018 710,734
34,033 744,767
            ENEX REPORT 2018 116 - 53 - - 54 - ENEX REPORT 2018 117

 29. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
The components of selling, general and administrative expenses are shown below:
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
Personnel expense 39,356 Rent expense 10,416 Depreciation and amortization 5,594 Commission fee 6,860 Traveling expense 1,389 Taxes and dues 1,702 Other 9,380
Total 74,697
Profit or Loss from Tangible Assets, Intangible Assets, and Goodwill
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018 36,766
9,546 5,492 6,861 1,459 1,577 9,230
70,931
         30.
The components of profit or loss from tangible assets, intangible assets, and goodwill are shown below:
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018 985
(374)
(718) (1,429) (8) (1,544)
   Gain on sales Loss on sales Loss on disposal Impairment loss Other
Total
(Note) For impairment loss of non-current assets, please refer to Note 31, ―Impairment Loss‖.
31. Impairment Loss
The components of impairment loss are as follows.
1,175 (621) (544) (992)
– (982)
      Impairment loss was recognized in loss from tangible assets, intangible assets, and goodwill in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
      Property, plant and equipment Buildings and structures Machinery, equipment and vehicles Land
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2017 March 31, 2018
404 529 96 143 66 52 19 272
2 –
4 3 346 397 55 33 992 1,429
Other Intangible assets
Software
Other Investment property Other
   Total
   Items of the Group’s property, plant and equipment are grouped in the smallest unit for which independent cash flows can be identified.
In the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018, there was no individually significant impairment loss.
Major impairment losses in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 are on property, plant and equipment
 belonging to the Life Energy & Logistics Division. These impairment losses were incurred due to reduction of the carrying amount of the assets to the recoverable amount, as a result of decreased profitability caused by changes in the business environment and other factors.
The recoverable amount of these assets was measured based on fair value less costs of disposal.
32. Other Profit or Loss
The components of other – net of other income and expenses are shown below:
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2017 March 31, 2018 165 194 78 367 1,081 – 411 269
      Commission fee
Compensation income for expropriation
Sale of shares
Compensation income received
Other 754
1,176 2,006
(31) (1,169) (1,200)
806
   Total income Foreign exchange losses (Note)
2,489 (31) (705) (736)
1,753
   Other (Note)
Total expenses Total
         Gain or loss on valuation of foreign currency derivatives is included in foreign exchange losses. In addition to the above, in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018, net gain or loss on valuation of commodity-related derivatives was recognized at ¥36 million and ¥246 million, respectively, in revenue and cost of sales.
33. Financial Income and Costs
The components of financial income and financial costs are shown below:
      Interest income
Financial assets measured at amortized cost Other
Subtotal
Subtotal
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2017 March 31, 2018
88 82 1 10 89 92
246 296 246 296
(917) (863) (49) (87) (966) (950)
(203) (241) (203) (241) (834) (803)
      Dividends received FVTOCI financial assets
   Interest expense
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost Other
Subtotal
Subtotal Total
         Other financial income (costs) FVTPL financial assets
         ENEX REPORT 2018 118 - 55 - - 56 - ENEX REPORT 2018 119

 34. Earnings per Share
Basic earnings per share for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018 were calculated as follows:
      Net profit attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders
(Millions of yen)
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
10,405 112,989 92.09
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
11,025 112,921 97.63
   Weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding
(Thousands of shares)
Basic earnings per share attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders (Yen)
      (Note) Diluted earnings per share attributable to Itochu Enex’s shareholders are not presented because there were no potentially dilutive shares.
35. Cash Flow Information
Supplementary information about cash flows is shown below. (1) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities are shown below: As of March 31, 2018
(Millions of yen)
10,696 776 (1,574) –
– –
(420) –
–     – – (105) – –
1,863 – 10,565 671
     Short-term borrowings
   Non-current borrowings (Note)
    Bonds payable (Note)
  Lease obligations (Note)
  Liabilities held to hedge non- current borrowings
   Balance as of April 1, 2017
Cash flows from financing activities
Change occurring due to acquisition of control of subsidiaries
Change occurring due to loss of control of subsidiaries
Foreign exchange translation differences Change in fair value
Interest expense
Increase in new contracts
Balance as of March 31, 2018
1,667 24,392 14,961 7,323 (7,041) –
1,360 164 –
– (110) –
(33) – – – – – – 12 10 – – –
10,317 17,417 14,971
                                                    (Note) The amounts include current portion of non-current borrowings, current portion of bonds payable, and current portion of lease liabilities.
(2)
Acquisition of subsidiaries
The major components of assets and liabilities related to companies that newly became subsidiaries at the time of acquisition of control and reconciliation between consideration paid and net payment from the acquisition are shown below:
      Components of assets at time of acquisition of control Current assets
Non-current assets
Components of liabilities at time of acquisition of control Current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2017 March 31, 2018
766 2,808 171 4,587
(99) (3,082) (444) (937)
          Consideration paid
Cash and cash equivalents included in assets at time of acquisition of control
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
(705) 60
(645)
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018 (4,396)
645 (3,751)
         (3)
Net payment from acquisition of subsidiaries
Sales of subsidiaries
The major components of assets and liabilities related to companies that ceased to be subsidiaries following the sale of shares at the time of loss of control and reconciliation between consideration received and net proceeds from the sales are shown below:
   Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018
– –
– –
   Components of assets at time of loss of control
Current assets 40 Non-current assets 2,029
Components of liabilities at time of loss of control
Current liabilities – Non-current liabilities (421)
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
Consideration received 3,001 Cash and cash equivalents included in assets at time of loss of control – Net proceeds from sales of subsidiaries 3,001
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018
–
– –
                  (4)
Loss of control of subsidiaries
The major components of assets and liabilities related to companies that ceased to be subsidiaries following the share exchange at the time of loss of control and cash and cash equivalents in the assets at the time of loss of control are shown below:
      Components of assets at time of loss of control Current assets
Non-current assets
Components of liabilities at time of loss of control Current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Cash and cash equivalents included in assets at time of loss of control
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
– –
– –
–
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018
5,105 11,721
(8,134) (1,195)
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018 (598)
            ENEX REPORT 2018 120 - 57 - - 58 - ENEX REPORT 2018 121

 36. Non-Cash Transactions
Significant Non-Cash Transactions
The amount of assets acquired under finance leases is ¥1,897 million and ¥2,415 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.
38. Parent, Subsidiaries, and Associates
The Company’s parent is ITOCHU Corporation, which is located in Japan.
The status of major subsidiaries as of March 31, 2018 is shown below:
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, there were no individual subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests.
   37.
(1)
Related Parties
Compensation for Key Management Personnel
Compensation for key management personnel of the Group is shown below:
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
Company name
Home-Life Division
ECORE CO., LTD.
ITOCHU ENEX HOME-LIFE NISHI-NIHON CO., LTD. Nissho Propane Sekiyu Co., Ltd.
Itochu Industrial Gas Co., Ltd.
ITOCHU ENEX HOME-LIFE TOHOKU CO., LTD.
Power & Utility Division
Oji-Itochu Enex power retailing Co., Ltd. TOKYO TOSHI SERVICE COMPANY Enex Electric Power Co., Ltd.
ENEX LIFE SERVICE CO., LTD.
Life Energy & Logistics Division ENEX FLEET CO., LTD.
KOKURA ENTERPRISE ENERGY CO., LTD.
Osaka Car Life Group Co., Ltd.
KYUSHU ENERGY CO., LTD.
ENEX PETROLEUM SALES HIGASHI-NIHON CO., LTD.
39 other companies
39. Commitments
Location
Hakata-ku, Fukuoka City, Fukuoka Naka-ku, Hiroshima City, Hiroshima Chuo-ku, Sapporo City, Hokkaido Minato-ku, Tokyo
Miyagino-ku, Sendai City, Miyagi
Minato-ku, Tokyo Chuo-ku, Tokyo Minato-ku, Tokyo Minato-ku, Tokyo
Yodogawa-ku, Osaka City, Osaka
Kokurakita-ku, Kitakyushu City, Fukuoka
Nishi-ku, Osaka City, Osaka Oita City, Oita
Minato-ku, Tokyo
Percentage of voting rights owned (%)
51.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0
60.0
66.6 100.0 100.0
100.0
100.0
52.0
75.0 100.0 –
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018 12,766 12,766
                     Short-term compensation 363 Total 363
(Millions of yen) Fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018 354
354
                  (2)
Transactions with the Parent, Associates, and Other Companies Owned by the Parent
   Transactions with the parent, associates, and other companies owned by the parent and the balance of receivables from and payables to them are shown below:
      For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
(Millions of yen) Unsettled balance
264 – – – 2,237
13,000
(Millions of yen) Unsettled balance
– 20,000
          Category
Parent
Associate
Subsidiary of parent
Name
ITOCHU Corporation
JAPAN GAS ENERGY CORPORATION ITOCHU Treasury Corporation
Relationship with related party
Sales of petroleum products Sale of land
(Gain on sales of land) Cash transactions Purchases of LPG products
Cash transactions
Relationship with related party
Investments in investment limited partnerships
Cash transactions
Transaction amount
2,435 728 560 4,000 15,206
13,000
Transaction amount
5,216 7,000
                                  For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
Contractual commitments for acquisition of property, plant and equipment are shown below: As of March 31, 2017
          Category
Associate
Subsidiary of parent
Name
N-REIF1 Investment Limited Partnership
ITOCHU Treasury Corporation
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment Total
Contingent Liabilities
11,344 11,344
       40.
        There is no balance of collateral and guarantee transactions, and no allowance for credit losses was recognized for the receivables from associates and other companies owned by the parent.
The Group provides various forms of guarantees for general business partners. When a guaranteed entity defaults, payment obligations are assumed by the Group. The Group’s total amount and actual amount of guarantees provided for general business partners as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 are as follows:
The total amount of guarantees is the total amount of maximum payment limits under guarantee contracts with guaranteed entities and the maximum amount at which payment obligations may arise to the Group. The actual amount of guarantees is based on the total amount of debts recognized by guaranteed entities within the maximum payment limits, and is the amount that is deemed as the amount of actual risks taken after deduction of re-guarantees given by a third party to the Group, etc.
ENEX REPORT 2018 122 - 59 - - 60 - ENEX REPORT 2018 123

       Guarantees on distributors’ payment of gas oil delivery tax Total amount of guarantees
Actual amount of guarantees
Guarantees for other transactions (Note) Total amount of guarantees
Actual amount of guarantees
Total
Total amount of guarantees Actual amount of guarantees
As of March 31, 2017
7 1
1,147 871
1,154 872
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018
– –
184 135
184 135
      (Note) Guarantees for other transactions include guarantees on operating transactions and guarantees on the balance of leasing agreements.
For guarantees provided by the Group for general business partners, those with the longest guarantee period will expire on March 31, 2025.
Currently there is no litigation, arbitration, or other legal proceedings that may have a significant impact on the Group’s financial position or operating results. However, the Group gives no guarantee that there is no possibility that such significant lawsuits or other legal proceedings may be filed with regard to the Group’s operating activities in Japan and overseas in the future that may have a negative impact on the Group’s financial position and operating results.
41. Collateral
The components of assets pledged as collateral and their corresponding debts are shown below:
      Assets pledged as collateral
Trade receivables
Investments accounted for by the equity method Other investments
Non-current financial assets other than investments Property, plant and equipment
Total
Corresponding debts
Short-term bonds and borrowings Trade payables
Non-current bonds and borrowings
Total
As of March 31, 2017
80 – 13 1,206 12,809 14,108
868
228 9,645 10,741
(Millions of yen) As of March 31, 2018
95 2,312 16 1,469 12,535 16,427
967
257 8,852 10,076
            In addition to the above, other investments pledged as substitute for brokerage margin payments for commodity futures transactions as of March 31, 2017 and 2018 were ¥1,589 million and ¥1,772 million, respectively.
42. Events after the Reporting Period
No items to report.
 ENEX REPORT 2018 124 - 61 - ENEX REPORT 2018 125

 Company Information
Stock information
Shares and shareholders
Authorized shares・・・・・・・・・・・・・・387,250,000 Number of shares issued and outstanding・・・116,881,106 Number of shareholders・・・・・・・・・・・・・・ 8,061
Corporate overview Company name
Organization Chart
Number of shares per trading unit・・・・・・・・・・・
Principal Shareholders Name
ITOCHU Corporation
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account)
Enex Fund
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account 9)
JXTG Holdings, Inc.
Nippon Life Insurance Co.
GOVERNMENT OF NORWAY
Itochu Enex Employee Stock Ownership Plan
MAEDA ROAD CONSTRUCTION Co., Ltd * Excluding treasury stock (3,893 thousand shares)
Shareholding ratio by owners
Financial instruments broker 0.7%
Foreign 11.3%
Banking 15.9%
100
Basis dates
For regular general meeting of shareholders: March 31 of each year For year-end dividends: March 31 of each year
For interim dividends: September 30 of each year
List of shareholders managed by:
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Ltd., Stock Transfer Agency Business Planning Dept.
individual
15.7% 80%
Itochu Enex April 1, 2017
TOPIX
April 1, 2018
ENEX REPORT 2018 126
ENEX REPORT 2018 127
Other domestic 56.4%
220% 220% 180% 160% 140% 120% 100%
60%
April 1, 2014
General meeting of shareholders
Regular general meeting of shareholders Held annually in June
Head office address
Established Paid-in capital Main sites
Subsidiaries
Affiliates
(equity method applied)
Number
of employees
Stock exchange listing
Main financial institutions
2-10-1, Toranomon, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8430, Japan
*Planned to move to the following (February 2019~) 3-2-5, Kasumigaseki, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
January 28, 1961 19,877.67 million yen
Kita-Nihon, Higashi-Nihon, Chubu, Kansai, Chushikoku, Kyushu
(Other sales facilities are located across Japan.)
53 21
656 (non-consolidated basis, including 205 at subsidiaries)
5,613 (consolidated basis)
Tokyo (first section; stock name: ENEX); securities code: 8133
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Ltd.; Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp.; Resona Bank, Ltd.; Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
Shares (thousand)
60,978 4,504 4,174 3,025 2,207 2,010 1,542 1,411 1,239
957
Share price trend
Stake (%)
53.97 3.99 3.69 2.68 1.95 1.78 1.36 1.25 1.10 0.85
General Meetings of Shareholders
Board of Directors
President
Audit & Supervisory Board
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
CFO CCO C I O
Selected as a constituent of the FY2018 JPX-Nikkei Mid and Small Cap Index.
■・Detailed company information is released on our website. URL: https://www.itcenex.com/english
■・Company CM is also published on the website. URL: https://www.itcenex.com/corporate/commercial/
This report uses environmentally friendly vegetable oil ink.
Also, it is created by E3PA's gold plus standards that is gentle to the global environment. (E3PA: Environmental Protection Printing Promotion Council http://www.e3pa.com)
This printed material selects a universal design font that allows for more appropriate information to be conveyed to more people. It is excellent in visibility and readability with characters that have plenty of space, and it has a simple shape that prevents misreading and has readability and high designability. By repeating the verification under difficult conditions, it is designed to be easily recognized by a wide range of age without being influenced by vision and environment.
April 1, 2015
April 1, 2016
As of March 31, 2018
As of March 31, 2018
As of April 1, 2018
Security System Department
Planning & Administration Department
Administration Department
Hokkaido Branch
Tohoku Branch
Higashi-Nihon Branch
Chubu Branch
Kansai Branch
Chushikoku Branch
Kyushu Branch
Asphalt Department
Marine Fuels Department
International Supply & Logistics Department
Supply Department
Planning & Administration Department
Administration Department
MobilityLife Department
Power & Heat Buisiness Development Department
Power Sales Department
Power & Supply Management Department
Power Project Financial Department
Planning & Administration Department
Administration Department
Finance & General Accounting Department
Human Resources & General Affairs Department
IT Planning Department
Legal & Credit Control Department
Corporate Planning Department
Audit Department
This is , ENEX Our Vision Strategy
Segment
Management Data Section Company Information
Home-Life Division Life & Industrial Energy Division Energy & Logistics Group
Power & Utility Division Corporate Administration Division Power & Utility Group

 https://www.itcenex.com/english/ Published in September 2018
