Sustainability Activities Undertaken by the Sumitomo Rubber Group   Environmental: Our Environmental Initiatives
Green
Green initiative
Management Approach
Forests absorb CO2, which contributes to global warming, and are an important component of the social infrastructure that preserves biodiversity. Based on the concept that preserving this infrastruc- ture is one of our corporate social responsibilities, we promote “Green (Green initiative)” through ongoing tree planting activities in and around our operation bases within Japan and overseas.
In fiscal 2009, we began tree-planting activities at our facilities in Japan and overseas. As of the end of 2020, we had planted a cumulative total of 1,760,000 trees. We will continue to plant trees while participating in forest maintenance.Progress in Greening Initiatives (Cumulative Number of Trees Planted)
(thousand of trees)
2,000
1,600
1,200
800
400
0
Overseas branches
Mangroves (Green Project)
Other tree-planting activities in Japan Acorn Project in Japan
               2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 (FY) Note: In addition to the above, 98,000 seedlings have been provided (2013-2020)
      Forestation Activities to Help Curb Global Warming
Connecting with Local Communities via Forestation Activities
 Collaborative Activities with Local Residents in “Sumitomo Rubber GENKI Forest”
The objectives of forestation activities include the prevention of global warming by absorption of CO2, landslide prevention, and biodiversity preservation. We also consider communicating with local communities through satoyama (working forests that are maintained and managed by humans) conservation activities, another important objective.
Initiatives to Preserve Biodiversity
The Group is involved in conservation activities in relation to endan- gered, near threatened, and rare species (five species of animal and 16 species of plant) at all eight of its sites in Japan, consisting of six factories, the Head Office and the Tire Proving Ground.
In terms of contributing to the immediate neighborhood, activities include transplanting “Fujibakama” (Eupatorium japonicum) cultivat- ed in the grounds of our factory to river beds, as well as providing this plant to neighboring cities. We also provide kindergarten chil- dren with the opportunity to observe Sasakia charonda, which is designated as a national butterfly. In 2020, this butterfly successfully emerged on the premises of the Okayama Tire Proving Ground. Also in 2020, we began working on the preservation of Lilium japonicum.
On the premises of the Okayama Tire Proving Ground, a Sasakia charonda (Nymphalidae family) butterfly, which is designated by Okayama Prefecture as a species requiring partic- ular interest, emerges successfully for the first time
To align our forestation activities with the circumstances unique to each local community, we promote activities in which employ- ees, former employees,
families, friends, local
residents and regional
organizations partici-
pate. In 2020, we pro-
vided a total of 5,031
seedlings to green ini-
tiative organizations and
the people of neighbor-
ing communities.
In September 2013, the Sumitomo Rubber Group launched the Team ENASAVE Future Project in cooperation with the National Federation of UNESCO Associations in Japan (NFUAJ). This project aims to ensure that Japan’s beautiful cultural and natural heritages are passed down to future generations for the next 100 years. As part of this project, we engage in environmental protection activities in tandem with people from communities across the nation.
Having started with one location in 2013, we have expanded the number of locations where these annual activities are held from eight in 2014 to 10 in 2019. The locations are scattered throughout Japan and take place with the help of employees, their families, and local associations as well as volunteers from the public. In 2020, however, our activities were canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Topics
  A Shirakawa Factory employee giving a seedling to a community resident Protecting Culture and Nature—Team ENASAVE Future Project
 “Sumitomo Rubber GENKI Forest,” a Green Initiative in Japan
In addition to the grounds of our facilities, we engage in forestation activities in the surrounding area and at the 11 locations (23 ha) in Japan designated as “Sumitomo Rubber GENKI Forest.”
When planting trees, one has to be aware of the negative effect non-native species can have on local ecosystem. As such, we plant only seedlings grown from acorn seeds that employees and their fami- lies gather in the target area. Our continued efforts are aimed at increas- ing the amount of greenery around us while protecting biodiversity.
Although our activities in fiscal 2020 were somewhat restricted due to the need to prevent the risk of COVID-19 infection, 938 trees were planted in “Sumitomo Rubber GENKI Forest” in said fiscal year.
Maintenance work after tree planting is also important for forestation. Accordingly, we constantly carry out such tasks as cutting back weeds, removing vines, removing unnecessary trees, pruning and thinning.
Volunteers who worked to maintain “GENKI Forest” in the Kanemidake mountain near the Miyazaki Factory
Greening Initiatives Overseas
We are promoting greening initiatives at overseas factories and sales companies. In fiscal 2020, due to the need to prevent COVID- 19 infection, these Group entities faced restrictions on their activi- ties as did our Japanese bases. However, a total of 902 trees have been planted and 2,105 seedlings provided.
In addition, 15,000 trees were planted in Indonesia through the “Team ENASAVE Green Project,” wherein mangrove seedlings are planted using some of the proceeds from sales of the fuel-efficient “ENASAVE” tire series. Furthermore, 2,400 trees were planted through the “1 Pair for 1 Love activities,” in which some of the pro- ceeds from the sales of rubber gloves are allocated to the DUNLOP Home Products Forest on the island of Borneo, Malaysia, in order to protect the orangutan, an endangered species.
DUNLOP Home Products Forest
Echinops setifer (Asteraceae family), an endangered spe- cies designated by Miyazaki Prefecture cultivated on the premises of the Miyazaki Factory
Chionographis japonica Lefua echigonia (Cobitidae
   (Melanthiaceae family) cul- tivated on the premises of the Nagoya Factory is a rare species
family), a class I endangered species designated by Hyogo Prefecture, lives on the premises of the Ichijima Factory
  Participating in a biodiversity symposium—helping rediscover
the natural beauty of the Rokko mountain range environment
Celebrating the 80th anniversary of the commencement of its construction, in 2021 Kobe Municipal Arboretum hosted a symposium in tandem with Kobe City, with the aim of com- municating the natural beauty of the environment of Mount Rokko. The symposium was held from January 29 to March 31, 2021, and due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it was made accessible to the public only via the internet.
Having participated in the event in the category of biodiversity-related presentations focused on Mount Rokko, we exhibited materials showcasing green initiatives undertaken by the Sumitomo Rubber Group. This event provided us with a good opportunity to let a broad range of the general public know about our locally-rooted green initiatives that exemplify the variety of activities that can contribute to a sustainable society, energize neighboring commu- nities, and protect the global environment.
  47 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 48