Next
Next-generation product development
Management Approach
Underpinning the activities of the Sumitomo Rubber Group is the ques- tion “How can tires contribute to the global environment?” To this end, the Group is developing environmentally friendly products with a focus on three areas—fuel efficiency, raw materials and resource saving.
While the environment surrounding the automobile industry faces drastic changes, the Group is pushing forward with the development of environmentally friendly products based on its “ENASAVE technol- ogy,” which delivers “even higher environmental performance.”Environmentally Friendly Product Development Themes
Fossil resource-free materials
Making
Reduce (weight-savings and wear resistance)
Raw materials
Fuel efficiency
Fuel efficiency (lower rolling resistance)
Using
Safety and comfort (grip, braking and quietness)
   Resource saving
Disposing
Recycle & reuse (ease of retreading)
How Can Tires Contribute to the Global Environment?
      Pursuing “Safety and Comfort,” “Economy” and “Quality”
Based on the SMART TYRE CONCEPT, our Performance Sustaining Technology has been incorporated into the “VEURO VE304” premium comfort tire. This concept also led to the release of the flagship “ENASAVE NEXT III” fuel-efficient tire. The release of these tires helped us step up our sales expansion efforts.
Both of these tires also incorporate a hydrogenated polymer that helps prevent a decline in wet grip performance while con- tributing to superior wear resistance.
The release of the “VEURO VE304” was achieved via the establishment of a technology that makes it possible to incor- porate this polymer into products designed for large volume sales. We therefore consider the “VEURO VE304” a testament to our remarkable technological advancements.
The “ENASAVE NEXT III,” on the other hand, incorporates
One of our proprietary technologies, SENSING CORE is used for detecting tire pressure, tire load, and road conditions via the use of sensors installed in tires. While this technology helps drivers assess tire conditions on a real-time basis, it can also be used to improve vehicle control and other aspects of automo- bile operations.
Value Offered
cellulose nanofiber, thereby achieving driving comfort and steer- ing stability. This product is the first in the world to incorporate cellulose nanofiber, a biomass material boasting environmental friendliness. From the viewpoint of sustainability, we believe that our success in utilizing biomass as a tire material is a matter of great significance.
We have received robust customer reviews for these products.
In addition, the “VEURO VE304” was named a Grand Prix winner under the DAILY AUTOMOTIVE NEWS Car Parts Awards 2020 program, while the “ENASAVE NEXT III” was chosen to receive multiple awards under the Eco-Pro Award program, the Super Parts Manufacturer Award program, and the Energy Conservation Grand Prize program. As such, our products are similarly lauded by external organizations.
This technology is distinctively unique as it allows the tire itself to serve as a sensor and thereby eliminates the need for the additional installation of other sensing devices as well as eliminating a great deal of maintenance.
As a testament to our SENSING CORE-based offerings, this tire pressure sensing technology has been installed in a cumu- lative total of 40 million vehicles, garnering a solid reputation.
Recently, we advanced SENSING CORE by establishing a technology for detecting the extent of tire abrasion. In addition to existing technologies for detecting tire pressure, tire load and road conditions, we will leverage this new technology for detecting tire abrasion, with the aim of making further contribu- tion to CASE, MaaS and other technological trends supporting the future advancement of a mobility society.
Developing Environmentally Friendly ProductsSMART TYRE CONCEPT
Reflecting the ongoing advance of the Mobility as a Service (MaaS) industrial trend, tire manufacturers are confronting changes in tire performance requirements as the shift from car ownership to car sharing and pooling progresses. In response, Sumitomo Rubber
Industries is striving to advance its SMART TYRE CONCEPT, which guides its efforts to create tires with ever better safety performance and environmental friendliness, as well as to develop peripheral services with an eye to meeting the needs of future generations.
ENASAVE technology
      SMART TYRE CONCEPT
       Safety technology
Airless Tires SENSING CORE Performance Sustaining Technology Active Tread Noiseless
Core technologies
Tyre Lifetime Simulation ADVANCED 4D NANO DESIGN Tyre Leap AI Analysis
Fuel efficiency LCA Durability Lightweight RecyclingEnvironmental preservation
M Reduce CO2 emissions by improving driving and route selection methods, etc.
Business streamlining
M Reduce downtime
M Improve the efficiency of
vehicle operations and repair, etc.
Cost reductions
M Reduce tire and maintenance expenses
M Accurately assess the optimal timing of maintenance, etc.
Safe and secure vehicle operations
M Detection and prevention of vehicle failures
M Improve maintenance efficiency, etc.
Conventional tire sales
and maintenance
(Launched the verification of tire pressure management services)
Start from Japan Expand the scope of customers and services
STEP 1
Tire pressure management
Develop proposal-based services that take advan- tage of even more accu- rate tire-related data via
abrasion man
STEP
agement
2
Tire pressure and
abrasion management
Collaboration with external partners
Deliver value that tran- scends the scope of tire
manufacturing
STEP 3 Total solutions
For example, the detec- tion of road conditions / vehicle control
Collaboration with automakers and other
external companies employing SENSING CORE
      Tire Road
  Pressure
Conditions
    Wheel Tire Load Wear
  -2020 2021 2023 2025-
          Tire development = Manufacturing tangible goods
Solution services = Otherwise supporting safe & comfortable driving
Tire Road
Incorporating a
hydrogenated polymer
M Prevent a decline in wet grip performance over time
M Boast superior wear resistance
The first in the world to incorporate cellulose nanofiber (“ENASAVE NEXT III”)
M Simultaneously realize driving comfort and steering stability
       SENSING CORE
  Pressure
Conditions
    Wheel Tire Load Wear
   53 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 54