Sustainability Activities Undertaken by the Sumitomo Rubber Group   Social: Our Social Initiatives
Kindness
Kindness to employees Management Approach
Employees achieve satisfaction by working for the Sumitomo Rubber Group, which grows as a result of its employees’ success. To con- tinue building such a sound relationship, we believe that we have a responsibility to provide all employees with a fair and equal chance to grow through a range of benefit packages and training programs.
With the President himself leading the way, the Company is working on Work Style Reform and on activities to maintain or improve the health of employees, which it is putting into practice as a strategic priority.Sumitomo Rubber Group’s Basic Hiring Policy
 A diverse employment environment and human resource development
   A workplace environment conducive to job satisfaction
Fair evaluation and equal benefits
Health & Productivity
Management Declaration
In order to pursue greater happiness for all of the employees—the bedrock of our growing business—as well as their families, Sumitomo Rubber Industries and our Health Insurance Association are working together to raise awareness of one’s per- sonal responsibility to maintain one’s own health while at the same time promoting disease prevention and healthier living.
  May 2021, we brought the expanded facilities on line.
In Japan, we have maintained a policy of encouraging remote working, keeping it up even after the lifting of a state of emergency declaration and thereby curbing the number of employees at work
Initiatives to Prevent the Spread of COVID-19
 Two of our factories were chosen by prefectural governments under their programs and named, respectively, as an employee-friendly workplace and an excellent organization in terms of helping employ- ees achieve an optimal work-life balance.
Promoting Diversity
Promoting Work Style Reform and Diversity
We communicate our approach to promoting work style reform and diversity to people within and outside the Group via messages from top management. As part of our pursuit of diversity & inclusion, we will strive to foster a corporate culture in which diverse individuals are empowered to work energetically in an atmosphere of mutual respect. Through digital transformation, we also help employees discover the spare time they need to take on tasks aimed at delivering higher added value. With these two key initiatives, we will pursue happiness for all Group employees while improving our corporate value.
Also, since 2019 we made helping raise employee awareness of unconscious bias, which could constitute a barrier against diversity & inclusion, a priority. In line with this, in 2020 we held mandatory corporate ethics lectures for all managers that encouraged them to reflect on their own unconscious biases, join grade-specific dis- cussion sessions to share their takeaways with peers, and acquire deeper insights into this subject. Furthermore, we have distributed a transcript of a dialogue between President Yamamoto and a lectur- er specializing in unconscious bias. By letting employees know that the man at the top is also committed to addressing his own biases, we have drawn their attention to the importance of this issue.
In addition, we have been holding grade-specific seminars on this subject and, for 2021, we will continuously strive to help all employ- ees, regardless of their ranks, properly understand the matter.
Respecting Diversity
In order to promote Work Style Reform and diversity, in February 2019, we launched a new project within the Human Resources & General Affairs Department and Human Resources Development Department. By nurturing a corporate culture in which people from diverse backgrounds can thrive, we will generate innovations that save time through advances in operational efficiency, linking this to the satisfaction of all employees and enhanced corporate value.
For example, we eased dress restrictions in offices as part of our ongoing initiatives since 2019 to create a workplace culture that encourages free expression and independent thinking as well as the individuality of employees. We also incorporated a location-free workplace platform to vitalize employee communication.
In the course of promoting more active roles for women, the Company has set a target of raising the ratio of women in management posi- tions to 7% by the end of 2025, redefining its conventional diversity target in 2021. In order to achieve the goal of respecting diversity, we are moving forward with efforts to expand the work-life balance sys- tems so that employees who have experienced various life events can play active roles and to raise the percentage of people who take paid leave to promote reforms for a well-balanced work style.
The number of users of the “daycare support system” under which a daycare subsidy is granted to employees who leave a child under two years of age at a daycare facility, has been increasing since its introduction in 2015 as a measure to support an earlier return to work from maternity leave and/or childcare leave. The sys- tem is contributing to female employees’ career development.
Usage of the “temporary leave to accompany spouse overseas sys- tem,” whereby employees can take temporary leave to accompany their spouses when they are relocated overseas, is also progressing, and we are seeing a rising number of registrations in our “JOB Return System,” which applies in cases where marriage or a change in the spouse’s work location makes the resignation of an employee unavoidable.
For fiscal 2021, our plans call for establishing a working group that takes a cross-departmental approach to determining how to promote women’s career success and incorporating the insights the group offers to improve various human resource management measures. Miyazaki Factory
Shirakawa Factory
Hinata no Kiwami employee-friendly workplace certification granted by Miyazaki Prefecture
Fukushima Work-Life Balance Grand Award granted by Fukushima Prefecture
  In the wake of the COVID-19 outbreak, which impacted regions around the world, we put the utmost priority on ensuring the safety of Group employees and their families. In addition to ensuring this priority, we focused on maintaining operations and, to this end, took every possible measure to minimize the pandemic’s effect on our operating results.
In February 2020, we established a risk control headquarters and promoted the above endeavors while facilitating information sharing on a global basis.
In the course of our business operations, we have not only striv- en to ensure employee safety but also done our utmost to secure customer safety. Along with promoting remote working, we have thus shifted to online and other alternative sales activities to prevent COVID-19 infection. Also, in April 2020 we donated 97,500 pairs of nitrile rubber gloves, one of our products, to the Japanese gov- ernment to support healthcare institutions. Moreover, in July 2020, in response to a government request we have decided to raise our annual production capacity for nitrile rubber gloves to 2 million pairs and, to this end, expanded our facilities at the Malaysia Factory. In
We launched our risk control headquarters, which is spear- heading discussion on our response to the pandemic while gathering information on a global basis. From mid-February onward, we cancelled various events set to be held thereafter.
We began recommending employees at domestic business sites to work at home to mitigate the risk of COVID-19 infec- tion. For those working at overseas business sites, we issued similar recommendations in response to requests from local governments.
Due to the enforcement of a state of emergency declaration in Japan, as general rule, all domestic employees were asked to work at home. We also donated nitrile rubber gloves to the Japanese government to support healthcare institutions. As part of health-oriented management, we launched web-based healthcare sessions in which industrial physicians, health nurs- es and counselors could engage with employees.
Even after the lifting of a state of emergency declaration, we kept our focus on ensuring employee health and maintaining an employee-friendly working environment and, to this end continued to encourage remote working to curb the number of employees commuting to our offices. We have similarly encouraged those operating in overseas business sites to work at home in a manner consistent with region-specific conditions.
in our offices. Through these and other measures, we are continu- ously implementing countermeasures against COVID-19 infection in light of country-specific circumstances.
Currently, our mode of operations is changing significantly in step with the aforementioned shift to remote working. Leveraging this shift as an opportunity, we will verify the effectiveness of remote working as part of our pursuit of optimal work styles that enable us to improve productivity in a way that ensures employee health and is employee friendly.
In line with the “Health & Productivity Management Declaration” established in February 2018, the Company has worked in coop- eration with the Health Insurance Association to promote health and productivity management measures that are centered on the Health Management Office but that include the participation of all employees. As a result of establishing Health Management Regulations codifying the rules for various health checks and levels of risk and its efforts to steadily cycle through the PDCA system, in March 2020 for the first time the Company was one of 40 com- panies selected for inclusion in the “2020 Health & Productivity Stock Selection” organized by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry in conjunction with the Tokyo Stock Exchange, which rec- ognizes companies that take a strategic management approach to the health management of their employees. In 2021 the Company has also been certified under the “2021 Certified Health and Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program— White 500” for the fifth consecutive year.
* We were certified as one of the 40 companies in the “2020 Health & Productivity Stock Selection Program,” in which companies that make
Strengthening the Organizational Framework
At the end of 2019, we conducted a Group-wide organizational framework survey by submitting questionnaires to every Group employee. Based on survey results, in 2020 we conducted activ- ities to enhance our organizational framework. Specifically, we implemented the following four policies: “An environment that encourages employees to take on challenges,” “An open-minded workplace without boundaries between departments or ranks,” “An environment that empowers everyone to exercise leadership,” and “Highly productive operations connected to Companywide strate- gies.” While confirming the outcomes of these activities via simple questionnaires on a quarterly basis, we are continuously engaged in efforts to achieve organizational transformation.
Human Resources Development
In order for the Company to become a truly global player, the human resources who support this effort must also be able to act as truly global players. To this end, human resource development initiatives being undertaken since 2020 to strengthen employee leadership include executive coaching programs for the President and other members of top management and 360-degree feedback sessions for those in managerial or higher positions. Furthermore, to support those who spearhead transformation, we have launched boost programs that take a cross-hierarchy approach and encom- pass a range of employees from managers to frontline workers, with the aim of establishing a unified understanding of how to pro- cess tasks and other operational issues.
In addition to promoting reductions in the amount of after-hours work performed by employees and greater use of paid leave, we are moving forward with the introduction of diverse workstyles that take into consideration childcare and nursing care in order to add variety to work and support efforts to balance work and family.
The result of these and other efforts has been that 100% of female employees who have given birth have taken childcare leave. In addition, 14 male employees took childcare leave in 2020, an increase of five people year on year.
In fiscal 2009 we became the first company in the tire indus- try to be certified for the “Kurumin” mark based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children and have since continued to support childcare. In 2019, the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare awarded the Company “L-boshi (second level)” certification, which is given only to busi- nesses that have superior arrangements for encouraging the active participation of women. Moreover, we were granted “L-boshi” (third level) certification in November 2020. We have also expanded support for nursing care through efforts ranging from launching an external nursing care consultation desk to periodically hosting nurs- ing care seminars addressing a variety of timely topics.February 2020March 2020April 2020May 2020strategic efforts to consider spective are jointly selected and announced (in princi- ple, one company is select- ed from each industry) by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
employee management from a managerial per-
  55 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 56