Sustainability Activities Undertaken by the Sumitomo Rubber Group    Social: Our Social Initiatives
Integrity
Integrity for stakeholders Management Approach
Aware of the social responsibilities incumbent on the Sumitomo Rubber Group, we always work to assess what is expected of us and reflect such expectations in our business activities. To this end, regular communication with our stakeholders is indispensable. As we globalize our business, we welcome a diverse range of new stakeholders around the world. We strive to demonstrate integrity in all our business activities so that we can earn the trust of all our stakeholders.Sumitomo Rubber Group Stakeholders
Customers
Local community Sumitomo Rubber Group
Business partners
Shareholders and investors
Employees
    Supply Chain Management
The Group has established its own “Sustainable Natural Rubber Policy” with the aim of making natural rubber a sustainable resource for the future that it announced in November 2018. In line with this policy, we are committed to promoting more proactive, collaborative efforts that involve both supply chains and various other stakeholders, with the objective of achieving a society in which natural rubber is a sustainable resource.
Aiming to ensure the sustainable procurement of high-quality natural rubber, we established SUMITOMO RUBBER SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. in Singapore, which boasts the world’s largest market for natural rubber, and initiated its operations in April 2020. Today, busi- nesses engaged in the procurement of natural rubber are increas- ingly being called upon to give due consideration to human rights and environmental concerns. In response to this call, Sumitomo Rubber Industries is also serving as a proactive participant in GPSNR,* an international platform founded in October 2018.
* Global Platform for Sustainable Natural Rubber consisting mainly of tire makers, natural rubber suppliers, automakers and NGOs.
Engaging in CSR Procurement along with Suppliers
In light of the growing importance of CSR procurement, every three years we distribute CSR questionnaires that target suppliers and an ever expanding range of business partners.
In addition, we hold lectures for employees that focus on ESG issues and United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), with the aim of helping raise employee awareness regarding com- pliance, human rights, labor, environmental and other issues.
Ensuring Thorough Compliance
We drive home to our employees the importance of avoiding all wrongful conduct through our “Corporate Code of Conduct,” which includes rules that prohibit them from engaging in monopolistic prac- tices; unfair competition or business dealings; or bribery. Employees are also required to sever any relations with anti-social forces.
Going forward, we will continue efforts aimed at improving com- pliance awareness on a Group-wide basis.
Promoting Dialogue with Stakeholders
Communication with Shareholders and Investors
The Company discloses various types of data, including business performance records, in the Investor Relations section of our corpo- rate website and holds briefings for analysts and institutional inves- tors at such times as the disclosure of earnings reports, as part of our communications (IR activities) with shareholders and investors.
The Company engages in constant communication (shareholder relations (SR) activities) with institutional investors for deeper mutual understanding and trust. In 2020, we held a total of nine SR ses- sions, a number of which were held remotely. Through such direct dialogue, the Company aims to enhance its corporate value by
providing information and participating in an exchange of opinions with a broader scope.
The Company will continue making full use of input from our shareholders and investors in enhancing its management and cor- porate value.
Sound Labor-Management Relations
The Company and the Sumitomo Rubber Labor Union (which had 5,532 general members as of December 31, 2020, exclud- ing officers or managers) maintain good relations based on the sharing of information by management and an approach of prior consultation. We believe that the growth of the Company and the pursuit of employee happiness are objectives shared by labor and management, and we have a history of productive discussions at the various labor-management committees. For example, we engage in activities in which labor and management are united in the pursuit of their objectives, such as when we organized a Labor-Management Wages Study Group comprising personnel from the union leadership and the Company’s Human Resources Department, with the aim of reviewing the human resources system and working conditions and have maintained it ever since.
In fiscal 2020, this study group was responsible for such initia- tives as the upward revision of the overtime premium rate applied to those who work during consecutive holidays that have otherwise been designated as non-business days for the general workforce in addition to the relaxation of conditions regarding applications for a paid-leave rights preservation system designed to support employ- ee livelihood.
In May 2020, we signed a Positive Impact Finance Loan Agreement with Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited, becoming the first busi- ness in the rubber product industry to be entitled to financing of this kind. This is testament to the solid reputation we have earned regarding our efforts to contribute to the realization of SDGs.
The Positive Impact Finance scheme involves the comprehensive analysis and assessment of environmental, social, and economic impacts, both positive and negative, attributable to business activ- ities undertaken by applicants. Loans are thus furnished to provide ongoing assistance, without specifying usage of funds, to those whose activities are positively evaluated.
With the signing of this agreement as a springboard, the Sumitomo Rubber Group will place even stronger emphasis on efforts aimed at contributing to SDGs in line with its ongoing policy of achieving medium- to long-term improvement in corporate value.
Contributing to Regional Communities
In 2020, the latest rounds of the Dunlop Monozukuri Class and the Dunlop Environmental Class were held in Hyogo Prefecture. We have regularly held both events since launching the former in 2009 in conjunction with the centennial of the Company’s founding, and the latter in the subsequent year. Acting in collaboration with an NPO, we are thus offering programs designed to help children experience the fun of manufacturing and familiarize them with envi- ronmental problems.
Striving to fulfill our corporate social responsibilities, we will contribute to the communities in which we operate as well as society as a whole. In these
ways, we create new value
 Promoting Initiatives That Comply with the “Sustainable Natural Rubber Policy”
 In fiscal 2021, we will continue our efforts to promote workstyle reforms, and move ahead with various activ- ities, with labor and man- agement continuing to work in cooperation with each other.
A central labor-management meeting held in December 2020
that fosters the sustainable development of society, thereby becoming a compa- ny deserving the solid trust of community members and worthy of their support.
  Sustainable Natural Rubber Policy
2018 November
  Building Relationships with Customers
With the aim of raising driver awareness regarding the need of periodic tire checkups, for 13 years since 2018 we have sponsored DUNLOP Nationwide Tire Safety Inspections. The latest round of this campaign was conducted in October 2020 at the Company’s directly managed stores (Tire Select and Tire Land stores) in regions across Japan.
As a result, one out of every four vehicles that had undergone inspections was found to have issues attributable to insufficient tire maintenance, such as shallower tire grooves, a typical cause of slip- ping on a wet road. These inspections are thus helping to prevent accidents induced by bad
tires. As we strive to meet customer expectations, we will continue to call public attention to the importance of tire inspections, thereby contributing to the creation of a safer mobility society.
Children attending a Dunlop Environmental ClassPromoting Social Contribution Activities: CSR Fund
In fiscal 2009, the Company established the “Sumitomo Rubber Industries CSR Fund” to provide financial support for various activ- ities aimed at solving global environmental and social problems, activities primarily being carried out by NPOs in regions where we have bases. This is supported by a matching gift program in which we appeal for donations from among likeminded employees and donate an amount equivalent to that collected.
In fiscal 2020, the Fund donated a total of ¥13.14 million to 54 organizations consisting of 18 environmental advocates, three disaster aid groups, and 33 community builders. Recently, the number of employees coming forth to support this initiative has been increasing as their social contribution awareness grows stron- ger. Reflecting this, this Fund achieved record highs for the third consecutive year since 2018 in terms of the number of recipients and total donation amount.
In fiscal 2021, a total of ¥14.10 million will be donated to 57 organizations. Establishing a Natural Rubber Procurement Subsidiary in Singapore 57 Integrated Report 2021
Integrated Report 2021 58