EBARA Group Integrated Report
2021
             
     The EBARA Way
Since the EBARA Group’s founding, we have continually provided value to society through our business in addition to fulfilling our social responsibilities.
In conjunction with the 100th anniversary of the Company’s founding in 2012, we reflected on the type of company we are and want to be and reorganized those fundamental values and ethics into the EBARA Group Business Ethics Framework, to support our ethical operation over the next 100 years. As part of this undertaking, we redefined the Group’s Founding Spirit, cor- porate philosophy, and CSR Policy as the “EBARA Way,” the transcendental value shared across the EBARA Group. The pursuit of the EBARA Way serves as the catalyst for increasing the value of the entire EBARA Group.
Moving forward, the EBARA Group will honor our Founding Spirit of “Netsu to Makoto” (Passion and Dedication), a philosophy of engaging with work and people with passion and dedication that inspires us to contribute to society in the areas of water, air, and the environment. Guided by this spirit and our CSR Policy, we maintain high ethical standards throughout our business activities and foster relationships of trust with our stakeholders.
EBARA Group Business Ethics Framework
Elements of the “EBARA Way”:
Founding Spirit of Passion and Dedication
Both employees and the Company shall strive for growth with passion and dedication to bring forth originality and ingenuity, rather than simply fulfilling the task at hand. When working with passion and dedication, there is nothing that cannot be communicated to others.
Corporate Philosophy
We contribute to society through high-quality technologies and services relating to water, air, and the environment.
CSR Policy
We seek to foster trust with our valued stakeholders by conducting our business with a strong sense of ethics.
The EBARA Way
Founding Spirit (Passion and Dedication)
Corporate Philosophy
CSR Policy
Management Policy Company Regulations Code of Conduct
         CONTENTS
1 The EBARA Way
Introduction
3 EBARA Group’s Founding Spirit and Purpose in Society
5 The History of the EBARA Group 7 Value Creation Story
9 Social Value Created by EBARA
EBARA Group’s Corporate Value Creation
11 Message from the President
15 Medium- to Long-Term Strategies
Long-Term Vision—E-Vision 2030
Five Material Issues (EBARA’s Materiality) for E-Vision 2030 and Key Measures and KPIs for E-Plan 2022
Medium-Term Management Plan— E-Plan 2022
Climate Change Response Measures
Business Strategies
25 Three Businesses Supporting Social and Industrial Infrastructure
27 Fluid Machinery & Systems Business 31 Environmental Plants Business
34 Precision Machinery Business
37 New Businesses
Resource Strategies
39 Financial Strategies as Explained by the Finance Executive
41 Human Resource Strategy
45 R&D and Intellectual Property Strategy 47 Digital Transformation Strategy
   1
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

     Key Points of this Report
The EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 explains the EBARA Group’s value creation story in an easy-to-understand manner, and conveys how we will continue creating value for society through specific initiatives within our Long-Term Vision: E-Vision 2030 and Medium-Term Management Plan: E-Plan 2022, announced in February 2020.
In this year’s report, we are focusing on the EBARA Group’s purpose in society, as demonstrated by its resilience during the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as our approach to resolving the five material issues (EBARA’s materiality) listed in E-Vision 2030 and the corresponding KPIs and targets for each department.
Editorial Policy
The EBARA Group has issued this integrated report to provide stakeholders with financial and non-financial information about its medium-to-long-term value creation activities. This report was created with reference to the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC)’s International Integrated Reporting Framework; the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI); the Guidance for Integrated Corporate Disclosure and Company-Investor Dialogues for Collaborative Value Creation: ESG Integration, Non-Financial Information Disclosure, and Intangible Assets into Investment (Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation); and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. A table detailing the referenced GRI Standards is available on the Company’s corporate website.
Company References
“EBARA” and “the Company” refer to EBARA CORPORATION while “the EBARA Group,” “the Group,” or “we” refer to EBARA CORPORATION and its domestic and overseas subsidiaries and affiliates.
Target Readers
All stakeholders of the EBARA Group
Reporting Period
The fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 (January 1, 2020, to December 31, 2020) (Notice will be provided when the period differs from the above.)
Scope of Reporting
EBARA CORPORATION and the 96 subsidiaries (of which 96 are consolidated) and four affiliates that collectively comprise the EBARA Group (as of December 31, 2020).
Notice will be provided when the scope of data collection differs from the above.
Japanese Publication Date
July 28, 2021
 Information Regarding the Group
WEB Corporate Website https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/
  Financial Information
Non-Financial Information
 BOOKLET PDF
Integrated Report 2021
Compiles noteworthy information
WEB
Investor Relations
https://www.ebara.co.jp/ en/ir/index.php
PDF
Annual Securities Report
   WEB
Sustainability
https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/ sustainability/index.html
PDF
Corporate Governance Report
    To contact EBARA CORPORATION, please use the following contact form. https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/contact/index.html
    Refined ESG-Focused Management
49 Environmental Initiatives
51 Social Initiatives
53 Three-way Discussion with
the Chairman of the Board of Directors
57 Composition of the Board of Directors 59 Board of Directors
61 Brief Personal Histories of Directors 63 Corporate Governance
71 Risk Management 73 Compliance
75 Executive Officers
Corporate Data
77 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
79 11-Year Financial Summary
81 Analysis of Business Results, Financial Position, and Cash Flows
83 Consolidated Financial Statements 87 EBARA Group’s Global Network
89 Corporate Profile / Stock Information
Cautionary Statement with Regard to Forward-Looking Statements
Certain of the statements made in this integrated report are forward-looking statements, which involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking state- ments, which are valid only as of the date thereof. EBARA undertakes no obligation to republish revised forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
   EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 2

 INTRODUCTION
EBARA Group’s Founding Spirit and Purpose in Society
Our mission is to contribute to society by providing products and services that support society, industry, and daily life.
Our mission begins with the spirit of “Netsu to Makoto”
(Passion and Dedication).
EBARA Corporation was founded in 1912 by Issey Hatakeyama with the aim of spreading the use of the Inokuty-type volute pump. Applying the world-renowned volute pump research of Dr. Ariya Inokuty, EBARA sought to contribute to the modernization of Japan by producing the first domestically manufactured waterworks pumps, installing water infrastructure to prepare for natural disasters, and developing the first water purifiers for waterworks manufactured in Japan. Driven by the spirit of “Netsu to Makoto” (Passion and Dedication) to support the modernization of Japan and solve the problems facing society, EBARA has determined its mission is to contribute to society by providing products and services that support society, industry, and our daily lives. Inspired by “Netsu to Makoto,” our employees seek to continuously cultivate our technological capabilities and reliability, which are the sources of our growth.
3 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

    Issey Hatakeyama EBARA Founder
Founding Spirit of “Netsu to Makoto”
(Passion and Dedication)
It was not long after the founding of EBARA that the Company com- pleted a pump of record size, a painstaking task that took place in a small factory with no crane facilities in the Nippori area of Tokyo. Founder of EBARA, Issey Hatakeyama, acted in accordance with his philosophy of approaching daily tasks with passion, dedication, integrity, and ingenuity in order to spur personal and corporate growth, and encouraged employees to adopt the same approach. The founding spirit of “Netsu to Makoto,” or Passion and Dedication, has continued to drive EBARA in our efforts to hone our technologi- cal prowess and achieve greater levels of reliability. EBARA’s growth into a global industrial machinery manufacturer with three core busi- nesses—the Fluid Machinery & Systems Business, Environmental Plants Business, and Precision Machinery Business—is a result of the ongoing commitment to this spirit.
Founding Spirit and Strengths Underpinning Competitiveness
Dedication
Three Core Businesses
Four Areas of Operation
   Founding Spirit Passion and
    Environmental Plants Business
Fluid Machinery &
Systems Business
Pumps Business Compressors and Turbines Business Chillers Business
Precision Machinery Business
  Water
We support water infrastructure worldwide by providing a vast lineup of products, such as water supply pumps for buildings and condominiums, pumping stations that prevent flooding, and pumps for desalination plants.
Environment
We promote efficient resource use and stable energy supply by providing pumps and compressors for energy-related facilities and constructing and maintaining municipal solid waste treatment facilities and biomass power generation plants.
In addition, we supply energy-efficient and resource-conserving products in all businesses.
  Air
We provide dry vacuum pumps that create clean vacuums, gas abatement systems for treating hazardous gases as well as greenhouse gases (GHG), chillers used for air conditioning, and tunnel ventilation fans to the global market.
Digital Technologies
Aiming to contribute to the realization of
a supersmart society in which all things are interconnected, we support the develop- ment of cutting-edge technologies by supplying vacuum pumps and various types of semiconductor manufacturing equipment, including chemical mechanical polishing (CMP) systems, that capitalize on the technologies we have fostered in the areas of water, air, and the environment.
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 4
l
a
c
i
g
o
C
a
p
l
a
b
o
i
l
i
n
t
i
e
h
s
c
e
T
y
t
i
l
i
b
R
e
l
i
a

INTRODUCTION
The History of the EBARA Group
History of Growing While Addressing
the Social Issues of Every Era with
Technologies and Reliability
Over the years, the EBARA Group has continued to grow by responding to the needs of society through businesses supporting social and industrial infrastructure. Behind this growth has been the constant enhancement of the Group’s technologies and reliability through the exercise of its Founding Spirit of “Netsu to Makoto.” By applying, evolving, and combining the core technologies that originate from the Inokuty-type volute pump, we have developed products and services that meet the needs of every era. Going forward, we will pursue future growth by further honing our technological prowess to deliver new products and solutions.
1912 1920 1930 1940 1950 1960 1970
Note :The above graph indicates changes in net sales.
As FY2017 was an irregular nine-month accounting period due to the change in settlement date, figures for this period have been restated to encompass the period from January to December 2017.
  Changes in Business and Business Structure
1912 Founded as Inokuty Type Machinery Office
 Pumps
  Fans
1921
Started fan production
1930 Completed first domestically produced turbo chiller
1938 Completed first large-scale compressor
1931 Completed first domestically produced rapid filter for waterworks
1958 Began promoting sales of standard pumps
1963 Received first order for absorption chiller
1968
Began a technical alliance for compressors with Elliott Company of the United States
1961 Delivered first stoker-type refuse incinerator
 Chillers
  Compressors and turbines
 Water treatment plants
   Salt production plants
Stoker-type refuse incinerators
Chemical processing plants
 1912–
Development of the EBARA
Group’s Foundations
EBARA was founded by Issey Hatakeyama with the goal of supplying products based on Dr. Ariya Inokuty’s world-renowned volute pump research. In the years that followed, EBARA continued to contribute to the mod- ernization of Japan by producing the first domestically manufactured waterworks pumps, installing water infrastructure to prepare for natural disasters, develop- ing the first water purifiers for waterworks manufactured in Japan, and undertaking other initiatives ahead of
its time.
1945–
EBARA Technologies Responding to
Social Demand
EBARA contributed to the stabilization of the lives of people in Japan after World War II by mass producing pumps for increasing food production and for farm- land reclamation. In addition, we delivered the first domestically manufactured feed water pump for supercritical pressure power plants to help address power shortages. At the same time, the Group began exporting plant equipment and establishing overseas bases to lay the groundwork for its overseas expansion.
 EBARA’s History
  Pressing Social Issues
Modernization of Japan
• Installation of water infrastructure
• Lack of arable land
• Reconstruction after the Great Kanto Earthquake • Widespread industrialization
Post-World War II Reconstruction and
Japanese Postwar Economic Miracle
• Lack of food and other basic necessities for people of Japan
• Power shortages
• Advancement of heavy and chemical industries
• Increased construction of plants overseas
5 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
       
   1980 1990
Precision Machinery Business Environmental Plants Business
Fluid Machinery & Systems Business
2000 2010 2020
1990 Delivered first plating system
 Plating systems CMP systems
    Gas abatement systems Dry vacuum pumps
1992 Delivered first CMP system 1987 Commenced sales of gas abatement systems
   1986 Delivered first roots-type dry vacuum pump 1982 Began to sell cryogenic pumps developed and produced in-house
       Fluidized bed incinerators
1977
2000 Elliott Company becomes a wholly owned subsidiary
2010
Ebara Engineering Service Co., Ltd. (currently Swing Corporation), a joint venture water business company established by three companies, becomes an affiliate
Delivered first fluidized bed incinerator for city refuse
 1980–
EBARA Technologies Permeating Society
It was during this time that the Group succeeded in developing and realizing practical application of
a gasification and ash melting furnace for use as
a next-generation waste treatment facility capable of completely decomposing dioxins and recycling residue. In addition, technologies accumulated thus far were applied to the development of dry vacuum pumps, resulting in the start of the Precision Machinery Business.
2000–
Frameworks for Future Growth
Energy-efficient, high-efficiency pumps and chillers were developed to help reduce environmental impacts while pump technologies were created for urban rainwater drainage systems. The Group also developed sophisticated, ultra-precise, high productivity CMP and plating systems.
2010–
Centennial Anniversary and Pursuit of
Future Growth
The Group began investing in its global competitive- ness, following its success in improving its financial base through the selection and concentration of busi- nesses. These investments include strengthening corporate governance, implementing new human resource systems, bolstering our overseas service and support (S&S) bases, introducing automated assembly lines powered by Internet of Things (IoT) and artificial intelligence (AI) technologies, and other environmental, social, and governance (ESG) management initiatives.
 Development of the Information Society
• Ozone depletion, desertification, and advancement of climate change
• Lack of waste disposal sites
• Need to realize recycling-oriented society
• Growth of semiconductor market and increased
semiconductor demand
Search for Path to Sustainability
• Increased concern for environmental issues and acceleration of global warming countermeasures • Rising demand for energy-saving and highly effi-
cient technologies
• Extreme rain resulting from urban heat island
phenomenon
• Development of information and communication
technologies (ICT) and accelerated advancement of semiconductor technologies
Toward a More Diverse and
Inclusive Society
• Digitization driven by proliferation of the IoT and AI • Social pressure for work style reform
•Increasing expectation for companies to contribute
to realizing a sustainable society due to rising inter- est in climate change and ESG issues and the adoption of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
•Raising awareness of climate change measures and ESG issues
• Growing demand for social and economic change during and after the COVID-19 pandemic
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 6
   
INTRODUCTION
Value Creation Story
“Technology. Passion. Support Our
Globe.”—A Mission to Be Fulfilled
Based on the “EBARA Way”
Guided by the core of the “EBARA Way” and the Founding Spirit of “Netsu to Makoto” (Passion and Dedication), the EBARA Group has continued to contribute to the resolution of social issues with the strengths of its technological capabilities and reliability throughout its 109-year history. We will further build on these strengths while advancing business activities based on our desired vision for EBARA. This is the approach we will take in supporting the globe into the future and ensuring that EBARA can continue to grow over the next century.
EBARA’s Vision
“Technology. Passion. Support Our Globe.”
     5 Material Issues (Materiality)
1. Contribute to the creation of a sustainable society
2. Elevate standards of living and support abundant lifestyles for all
3. Conduct comprehensive environmental management
4. Promote working environments that encourage challenge
5. Enhance corporate governance
 Management Strategies
Long-term vision, medium-term management plan
Driving Force behind the Group’s Creation of Value
Passion and Dedication
Increase Corporate Value
Sustainable growth Sustainable contributions to society
  Increase Social and Environmental Value
Increase Economic Value
  Business Activities
Business Process Capitals
 Outputs
Outcomes
Realize abundant lifestyles for
Support a sustainable society
all
   Corporate Governance
Support industry
  Products
 Services
      7 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
a
c
i
g
o
l
o
l
C
a
p
n
a
h
b
i
c
l
i
t
e
i
e
T
s
y
t
i
l
i
b
R
e
l
i
a
Outcomes leading to increased corporate value
Medium- to long-term strategies for realizing vision

            Key Points of the EBARA Group’s Value Creation Story
Medium- to Long-Term Strategies for Realizing Vision
Looking ahead to the next 100 years of human society and the changing global environment, lifestyles are expected to undergo profound transformations. Factors driving this trans- formation will include more severe weather abnormalities and natural disasters stemming from global warming; depletion of food, water, and other resources; and the evolution of the information society. Given this operating environment outlook, our long-term vision, E-Vision 2030, was created based on the belief that meeting this moment in an effective way requires a clear vision for the future with straightforward poli- cies and strategies for realizing that vision. Based on the
slogan “Technology. Passion. Support Our Globe,” E-Vision 2030 is oriented around augmenting and leveraging the EBARA Group’s strengths to address five issues determined to be material to our business.
Meanwhile, E-Plan 2022 is a medium-term management plan formulated through the identification of issues remaining from the previous medium-term management plan in addition to backcasting from E-Vision 2030. We aim to generate a cycle of improvement in social, environmental, and economic value and ultimately achieve greater corporate value through the implementation of the basic policies laid out in this plan.
 Driving Force behind the Group’s Creation of Value
   “Netsu to Makoto”
“Netsu to Makoto” (Passion and Dedication) was the motto of EBARA founder Issey Hatakeyama, who was constantly advo- cating these principles to employees. This spirit lives on in the EBARA Group of today, forming the foundation for attitudes toward the work ethic and behavior of our people. When we go about our work with passion, exercise originality and ingenuity, and maintain a dedication to completing the tasks at hand, our technological capabilities and reliability grow stronger.
     Technological Capabilities
For more than a century since its founding, the EBARA Group has continued to provide the products and services desired by customers and society, accumulating the technologies necessary to offer support across the entirety of our product life cycles. Currently, our technological capabilities lie in our diverse accruement of core product technologies from our five main business segments.
We aim to make our fluid technologies, numerical analysis techniques, materials, analysis, and other foundational technolo- gies the very best in the world. By incorporating advanced techniques and methodologies based on these technologies, we will work to further enhance the core technologies that go into our products while developing the technologies for the future.
     Reliability
The passion and dedication all employees exercise in their work and the tenacity they exhibit in the face of adversity have won EBARA a strong reputation for reliability among its customers. We continue to build upon this reputation of being
a reliable and steadfast partner by remaining true to our spirit of passion and dedication and by proactively solving issues customers may be facing. Strengthening our trust-based relationships with customers and other stakeholders will unlock new possibilities for EBARA.
    EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 8

 INTRODUCTION
Social Value Created by EBARA
EBARA products are used under a variety of circumstances, supporting social infrastructure around the world and contributing to safe, secure, and fulfilling lifestyles.
9
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
1 Water Supply Units
Water
Wide-ranging support for society and infrastructure ensuring stable water supplies and prevent-
ing water damage
Supplying water for every- day use to buildings and condominiums
Water supply units are a crucial element of the facilities of buildings, condominiums, factories, and other structures for realizing a stable supply of water for everyday use.
2 Agricultural Pumps
Watering crops in fields
Agricultural pumps reliably supply water for agri- cultural purposes as an important component of irrigation equipment. These pumps are also used to drain water to prevent damage from flooding due to heavy rains.
3 Water Drainage Pumps
Protecting against typhoons and concentrat- ed heavy rains
Water drainage pumps are used to protect resi- dential areas, agricultural land, and other areas against flood damage from heavy rains by redirect- ing rainwater into rivers with less risk of flooding or the ocean.
4 Seawater Circulation Pumps Efficiently transporting
seawater
Crop Fields
2 Agricultural Pumps
Buildings and Condominiums 1 Water Supply Units
Equipped with thermosetting resins, EBARA’s seawater circulation pumps boast superior anti-erosive properties, enabling them to be used with fluids that would even erode stainless steel articles, such as acid and seawater. They are thus ideal for circulating seawater inside of aquarium tanks. Our seawater circulation pumps can also be used for transporting and circulating hot spring water and chemicals.
5 Fans
Ventilating tunnels
EBARA fans are delivered for installation in tunnel ventilation equipment. By achieving highly precise ventilation control, these fans help appropriately maintain the air environments of tunnels while secur- ing evacuation routes in the event of a tunnel fire.
Sports Arenas 6 Chillers
Tunnels
5 Fans
Air
Creation of Comfortable Environments while combating climate change
6 Chillers
Maintaining comfortable temperatures in buildings, large-scale commercial facilities, and factories
Our chillers supply cold water for use in the air-conditioning equipment of large-scale commer- cial facilities and factories to be utilized for cooling or heating entire structures. Other benefits of our chillers include reduced costs through optimization of cooling and heating equipment as well as lower energy consumption and CO2 emissions.
Aquariums
4 Seawater Circulation
Pumps
Pumping Stations
3 Water Drainage
Pumps
7 Gas Abatement Systems Detoxifying hazardous
gases
Gas abatement systems prevent pollution by detoxifying the hazardous gases used in semicon- ductor manufacturing and other processes.

 LNG Terminals
10 Cryogenic Pumps
Environment
Contributions to a sustainable society by promoting effective energy and resource usage
Oil Refineries and Petrochemical Plants 9 Compressors
8 Boiler Feed Pumps
Offering “behind-the- scenes” support for power generation
Thermal power plants generate electricity through generators directly attached to turbines, which are rotated using high-pressure steam. Boiler feed pumps supply high-temperature water to boilers to create this high-pressure steam.
Biomass Power Generation Plants
12 Biomass Power Generation Plants
Digital
Technologies
Support for the evolution of lifestyles with cutting-edge technologies
9 Compressors
Playing a central role in power plants and
oil refineries worldwide
Compressors play a central role in oil refineries and petrochemical plants by compressing the gases produced from crude oil and natural gas.
10 Cryogenic Pumps
Safely transporting LNG
Cryogenic pumps are used to transport and store LNG at temperatures of –162°C and thus require superior technologies and impeccable safety.
11 Waste Treatment Plants Supporting safe and
reliable plant operation
We provide one-stop service for waste treatment plants ranging from engineering to construction, operation, management, and maintenance to sup- port reliable operation. We also contribute to the local production and consumption of energy by returning the power generated through waste incineration to the surrounding communities.
12 Biomass Power Generation Plants Generating power using
woody biomass fuel
We offer construction, operation, and manage- ment services for biomass power generation plants that leverage the characteristics of internally circulating fluidized-bed boilers designed to use woody biomass as fuel and capable of achieving reliable combustion of a diverse range of fuel sources. Through these services, we are contribut- ing to the popularization of renewable energy and the prevention of climate change.
13 Dry Vacuum Pumps
Realizing the optimal clean environments nec- essary for semiconductor production
Dry vacuum pumps are used to create the vacuums needed in the semiconductor production process.
Thermal Power Plants
8 Boiler Feed Pumps
Solar Cell and LED Factories
7 Gas Abatement Systems
13 Dry Vacuum Pumps
Semiconductor Factories
7 Gas Abatement Systems
13 Dry Vacuum Pumps 14 CMP Systems
Waste Treatment Plants
11 Waste Treatment Plants
14 CMP Systems
Supporting semiconductor production with nano-level precision polishing technologies
CMP systems polish the surface of semiconductor wafers with nano-level precision using polishing solutions.
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 10

 EBARA GROUP’S CORPORATE VALUE CREATION Message from the President
We want to be a sustainable company that can continue contributing to the well-being of society for the benefit of all.
Masao Asami
Director, President and Representative Executive Officer
On behalf of the EBARA Group, I would like to extend our sincere condolences to anyone who has suffered or lost loved ones due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Although there is still no end in sight for the pandemic, we pray for the speedy recovery of all those who have contracted the virus and those who have been placed in difficult situa- tions. I would also like to express our appreciation for the essential workers who, all around the world, are perform- ing tasks truly indispensable to our daily lives.
EBARA’s Position on the Impact of COVID-19
The EBARA Group is proud to provide essential social infrastructure around the world to support industry and everyday lifestyles. Even under the circumstances of the COVID-19 pandemic, we are placing the safety of our employees and other stakeholders first. In order to fulfill our social responsibility and continue our business, their safety will always be our first priority.
When we announced E-Vision 2030, our long-term vision, and E-Plan 2022, our medium-term management plan, in February 2020, the EBARA Group had yet to experience the impacts of COVID-19. When the Japanese government issued a state of emergency declaration in April, we prioritized the safety of our Group employees by
implementing remote work whenever possible. At the same time, we ensured smooth business continuity by securing the necessary personnel for production sites as well as for onsite installation and maintenance.
The COVID-19 pandemic reaffirmed my belief that the EBARA Group serves essential businesses that represent deeply rooted market demand as elements of social and industrial infrastructure, and as such, the Group’s busi- ness foundation is solid even under unstable conditions.
The demand for standard pumps has long been linked to gross domestic product (GDP), and thus was affected by the economic shutdown during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. In contrast, the Precision Machinery Business experienced increased orders due to rising demand for semiconductors caused by the expansion of remote work and stay-at-home lifestyles. The Custom Pumps Business and the Compressors and Turbines Business, which have been focusing on improving profitability through cost reduction and selective order acceptance, achieved signif- icant progress and were able to limit the decline in operat- ing income. As a result of these efforts, in November 2020, we announced a new operating income forecast of ¥32 billion for our third quarter financial results, which exceeded our initial forecast.
   11
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 12

EBARA GROUP’S CORPORATE VALUE CREATION
Message from the President
Consolidated Financial Results for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020
Forecast of Consolidated Financial Results for the Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2021 (announced May 14, 2021)
Billions of yen
  2020/12 Results
 2021/12 Plan
 Change
  IFRS
  IFRS
  Orders
511.2 663.0 +151.7
 Revenue
  522.4 574.0 +51.5
 Operating profit
37.5 45.5 +7.9
 Operating profit ratio
  7.2% 7.9% +0.7 pts
 Profit attributable to owners of parent
24.2 29.5 +5.2
    2019/12 Results
 2020/12 Results
 Change
  JGAAP
  JGAAP
      Orders
552.2 511.9
522.4 523.7
35.2 37.8
6.8% 7.2%
23.3 24.4
Billions of yen
-40.3
+1.3
+2.5
+0.4 pts
+1.1
  Net sales
  Operating income
  Operating income to sales ratio
  Net income attributable to owners of parent
  E-Plan 2022 Medium-term Management Plan Evaluation of Progress in the First Year
However, we expect increased revenue and operating profit based on the fact that overall economic activity is on a recovery trend, and that demand for semiconductors is strong. We will fur- ther focus on service and support (S&S) to raise sales, and expect a record high operating profit of 45.5 billion yen.
Transition to IFRS and Impact on E-Plan 2022 Numerical Targets
The EBARA Group has decided to adopt the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for its consolidated finan- cial statements and related materials from the fiscal year end- ing December 31, 2021, in place of Japanese GAAP (JGAAP), in order to improve the international comparability of its finan- cial information and to unify accounting standards with those of overseas subsidiaries. For details on the main impacts of the IFRS transition, please refer to the “Impact of Transition to IFRS on E-Plan 2022 Numerical Targets” table below.
   In the first year of E-Plan 2022 we faced unanticipated cir- cumstances with the COVID-19 pandemic leading to negative growth in economies worldwide. However, we believe that we achieved good results due to the measures for growth we implemented in our businesses in line with E-Plan 2022. In particular, return on invested capital (ROIC), the most import- ant key performance indicator (KPI), was 6.6%, and the oper- ating income to sales ratio was 7.2%, exceeding both the initial plan and the previous fiscal year’s results. Additionally, as a result of improving our financial soundness as part of our response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we finished the year with a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.26, relative to the E-Plan 2022 target of 0.3–0.5 (JGAAP).
The earnings forecast for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 is still difficult to predict since the future remains uncertain.
 Impact of Transition to IFRS on E-Plan 2022 Numerical Targets
       2022/12 Targets
2020/12 Results
2021/12 Plan
   Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
    Return on Invested Capital (ROIC)
• Increase in liabilities and decrease in equity (Mainly accounting for lease liabilities)
6.4%
      Operating Profit Ratio
    Target Achievement Indicators
    Return on Equity (ROE)
     • Increase in liabilities and decrease in equity (Mainly accounting for lease liabilities)
    0.34 times
  Debt-to-Equity Ratio
    Operating Profit Ratio by Business
8.0% or more 8.5% or more
11.0% or more 0.3–0.5 times
7.0% or more 6.5% or more 8.0% or more 5.0% or more 9.5% or more 13.0% or more
7.6% or more 8.5% or more
11.2% or more 0.4–0.6 times
7.0% or more 6.5% or more 8.0% or more 5.0% or more 9.5% or more 13.0% or more
•
•
•
No change
Decrease in equity (Mainly accounting for employee benefits)
No change
7.5% 7.2% 7.9%
8.6% — —
6.3% 6.7%
5.4% 7.0%
8.2% 6.8%
5.4% 5.9%
10.2% 9.6%
8.3% 9.7%
 Fluid Machinery & Systems Business
 Pumps Business
 Compressors and Turbines Business
 Chillers Business
 Environmental Plants Business
 Precision Machinery Business
                     13 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
Key Impacts
    JGAAP
IFRS
IFRS
IFRS
      
We are on track to achieve our 2022 target of a 7.6% ROIC, the most important KPI of E-Plan 2022. We aim to reach this tar- get by building up operating profit and optimizing invested capital.
The 2022 operating profit ratio target for the Compressors and Turbines Business is 8.0%. The key to achieving this fig- ure is S&S, which has been greatly affected by movement restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic. By working hard to expand S&S, we will improve our operating profit ratio. The Precision Machinery Business has also set a high target of an operating profit ratio of 13.0% or more. We aim to achieve this with the operation of the V7 Building, an auto- mated plant completed in December 2019, for the production of dry vacuum pumps (one of our core products). Efforts are under way to bring the facility into full operation, thereby improving production efficiency and the ratio of components manufactured in-house. In addition, we expect the semicon- ductor market to continue to expand, and we believe that these factors will enable us to achieve our targets.
Changing for EBARA’s Future Implementing Advanced ESG Management
Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, I have repeatedly voiced to the entire EBARA Group the importance of main- taining our business. Our Group’s business upholds society by supporting our diverse stakeholders, including employees and their families, customers and suppliers. I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all our employees who have done their utmost to ensure business continuity in their respective jobs and roles. I believe that by shifting to innova- tive new frameworks that incorporate the resilient approaches and methods of remote work that we have learned from han- dling the COVID-19 pandemic, we are transforming ourselves to be even stronger in a post-pandemic society.
Improving employee engagement is essential to implement- ing refined ESG-focused management strategies, as set forth in E-Vision 2030. Even before I became president, EBARA was sometimes compared to a frog in a pot of boiling water: unaware of the growing need for change. Because EBARA has survived 100 years, there remains a tendency not to seek major change. Since I became president, I’ve been striving to overhaul this aspect of our corporate culture.
We at EBARA pride ourselves on taking responsibility and staying the course, steadfastly providing support until the problem is solved. In diligently dealing with the issues before us, we must be careful not to lose sight of our sense of ambi- tion—if we devote our efforts only to doing the same old things in the same old ways, there can be no future. In order to keep our ambitious people motivated, we need managers that possess leadership qualities like curiosity, insight, bold- ness, and the ability to influence people. Management and
execution skills alone are insufficient. To continue EBARA’s evolution, it will be essential to appoint managers who are skilled in making sense of broader context; reviewing the past to understand the present and looking toward the future to define the meaning of where we stand and where we are going.
I am the first president to be appointed by the Nomination Committee after EBARA adopted the structure of a Company with Three Committees in 2015. Since I took office, we have expanded succession reviews from just the company presi- dents and division executives to include department manag- ers, and added section managers as well in 2020. For the nearly 400 section manager positions, we have required department managers to describe the reasons for each appointment and evaluate section managers based on their leadership qualities, which I have reviewed. I found that many department managers were selecting section managers from the perspective of maintaining and protecting their sections and departments based on the individual’s knowledge, expe- rience, and management and execution abilities. I gave feed- back to the department managers twice to ensure that we’re selecting people with leadership qualities. To further increase employee engagement, we will continue raising awareness through the next succession review.
Contributing to Society
to Become an Excellent Global Company
Under our long-term vision, E-Vision 2030, we have adopted the slogan “Technology. Passion. Support Our Globe.” We have declared that over the next ten years, we aim to further our contributions toward the SDGs and improve ESG-focused management to contribute to the creation of a sustainable society, while simultaneously increasing the social/environ- mental and economic value we generate. We believe this will bring greater corporate value and recognition as an excellent global company.
Moving forward, we will continue to use our fundamental founding spirit of “Netsu to Makoto” (Passion and Dedication) and the technologies we’ve created to solve global social issues in order to realize a sustainable society and develop dynamic and abundant lifestyles. We will consistently do work that contributes to society so that society will recognize our businesses as valuable and enriching, enabling us to continue into the future. That’s the kind of company we want to be.
Masao Asami Director, President and Representative Executive Officer
     EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 14

EBARA GROUP’S CORPORATE VALUE CREATION Medium- to Long-Term Strategies
Long-Term Vision—E-Vision 2030
The EBARA Group has formulated a 10-year long-term vision and the path towards that goal, E-Vision 2030, as its value creation story. Under the slogan of “Technology. Passion. Support Our Globe,” we aim to become an excellent global company. Through our business, we will contribute to the SDGs, other social issues, and the creation of a sustainable society while simultaneously increasing the social, environmental, and economic value we generate. We believe this will earn us greater corporate value and recognition as an excellent global company.
Five Material Issues (Materiality) and Realization Process
 E-Vision 2030 sets out five material issues (EBARA’s materiali- ty) for the Group to address by 2030. The first material issue aims to contribute to society and people’s lives through our products and services. The second aims to do so through by providing our products and services to the industrial world. The third is to minimize the environmental impact of our busi- ness activities and supply chain. The fourth is to pursue job satisfaction and ease of work in order to promote employee
Five Material Issues (Materiality)
success. The fifth is to thoroughly implement offensive and defensive corporate governance for sustainable management and growth.
For each material issue, we established concrete mea- sures, clarifying the relevant social and environmental issues and outcomes. For every issue, we organized the approaches to be taken by each division, setting separate divisional KPIs and targets. For details, please refer to pages 17-18.

We will utilize our technologies to passionately support the cre- ation of a sustainable, environ- mentally friendly world with ample food and water, and safe and reliable social infrastructure.

We will utilize our technolo- gies to passionately support economic development that enables the world to end pov- erty and realize ever-evolving and abundant lifestyles.

We will promote the reduction of CO2 emissions from our business operations and maximize our use of renew- able energy to move toward a carbon-neutral world.

We will promote a Group culture of competition and challenge, and provide diverse employees with meaningful work and comfortable working environments.

We will lay out a vision for and pursue growth through offensive and defensive governance that supports high-level management capabilities.

Basic Policies and Four Management Strategies of E-Vision 2030
The basic policy of E-Vision 2030 is to address the five material issues (EBARA’s materiality) by embracing a global market- oriented perspective and maximizing corporate value through the optimization of our business portfolio. Based on this policy, we have put forth four management strategies to guide us in responding to the material issues. We have broken down these poli- cies and strategies in our medium-term management plan, E-Plan 2022, and are continuously taking action to ensure that we achieve our goals.
Basic Policies and Four Management Strategies of E-Vision 2030
 Basic Policy
Maximize corporate value through the optimization of the business portfolio
•Recognize issues based on realistic future forecasts • Integrate a global market-in approachNew / Existing Business Strategies
New Business: Contribute to solving material issues by starting up new types of business Existing Businesses: Enhance S&S and execute aggressive business segment-specific strategies
Regional Strategies
Global Market: Actively develop business in areas where problems associated with economic development are arising (i.e., increasing energy consumption, population growth, environmental issues, etc.)
Japanese Market: In the midst of a maturing market, expand S&S services and implement creative, flexible business reforms untethered to conventional manufacturing
Resource Strategies
Achieve optimal resource allocation through focus on the following three strategies:
• Financial / Investment Strategy • Manufacturing / Technology / Information Strategy • Human Resource Strategy
ESG Strategies
Further refine ESG-focused management to facilitate the creation of a sustainable society
E: Take aim at environmental issues S: Foster bonds with society G: Enhance corporate governanceVision and Targets for 2030
We have set targets for generating social, environmental, economic, and corporate value as part of our vision for 2030. By addressing the five material issues through our business, implementing our strategies, and achieving our desired outcomes, we will simultaneously improve our social, environmental, and economic value and enhance our corporate value in line with our vision for the future.
Vision for 2030
Enhance EBARA’s corporate value through the improvement of social, environmental, and economic value
    Now
Future EBARA
   Social / Environmental Value
Social / Environmental Value
Solve social issues through our business
• Reduce GHG emissions to approximately 100 million tons of CO2
• Deliver water to 600 million people
• Contribute to development of ICAC5:
Challenge 14Å
Economic Value
Sustainable Groupwide growth and efficient management
• ROIC of 10.0% or more
• Roughly ¥1 trillion in sales
Indicator of Corporate Value
¥1 trillion in market capitalization
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 16
Economic Value
Four Management Strategies
EBARA GROUP’S CORPORATE VALUE CREATION
Medium- to Long-Term Strategies
Five Material Issues (EBARA’s Materiality) for E-Vision 2030 and Key Measures and KPIs for E-Plan 2022
In order to resolve the five material issues (EBARA’s materiality) set forth in E-Vision 2030, our long-term vision, we have estab- lished concrete measures, clarified our desired outcomes, organized the actions to be taken by each division, and set divisional KPIs and targets in E-Plan 2022, our mid-term management plan. We will continuously monitor the KPIs and implement the PDCA cycle to achieve our targets and realize our desired outcomes. Please refer to each business and strategy page for the progress of each KPI and target.

We will utilize our technologies to passionately support the creation of a sustainable, environmentally friendly world with ample food and water, and safe and reliable social infrastructure.

Economic and social development will accelerate in line with population growth, espe- cially in developing countries, which will increase CO2 emissions and environmental impact at the global level and exacerbate climate change.

We will utilize our technologies to passionately support economic development that enables the world to end poverty and realize ever-evolving and abundant lifestyles.

In a world where highly advanced technology is assured, continuous technological evolution is required in the industrial sector (realization of Society 5.0).

We will promote the reduction of CO2 emissions from our business operations and maximize our use of renewable energy to move toward a carbon-neutral world.

We will promote a Group culture of competition and challenge, and provide diverse employees with meaningful work and comfortable working environments.

To continue enhancing social and environmental value through our global business, it is essential that our diverse workforce is able to maximize and enhance their capabilities.

We will lay out a vision for and pursue growth through offensive and defensive governance that supports high-level management capabilities.

EBARA GROUP’S CORPORATE VALUE CREATION
Medium- to Long-Term Strategies
Medium-Term Management Plan—E-Plan 2022
E-Plan 2022 is a three-year medium-term management plan covering the period from 2020 to 2022. This plan comprises man- agement policies and strategies for those three years formulated based on backcasting from what we want to achieve in the next decade, as indicated by E-Vision 2030, and by reflecting on the previous medium-term management plan to identify issues that still need to be resolved.
The period of E-Plan 2022 has been positioned as a period in which we will “reconstruct the foundations of growth” to achieve our vision for 2030. In the three-year period of the plan, which represents the start of our journey toward long-term growth, we are tasked with identifying and cultivating the seeds of growth that will satisfy contemporary needs and securing the funds needed for this process. We will also need to improve our speed in operational execution and management decisions by taking measures to strengthen the foundations for global operations while conducting business operations in line with the ideals of stakeholder capitalism.
Four basic policies (indicated in the table below) have been established to guide us in accomplishing these tasks.
Basic Policies of E-Plan 2022
1
Strive for growth
2
Improve profitability of existing businesses
3
Refine management and business infrastructure
4
Enhance ESG-focused managementCreate and cultivate new businesses and expand existing businesses further into the global market
Transform business structures to strengthen revenue base and increase S&S sales in all businesses
Introduce an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system and institute drastic global process reforms to form the foundations for proactively implementing digital transformation to facilitate swifter management and further emphasize ROIC management and long-term growth
Combat climate change (environmental); utilize human resources, foster bonds with society, and respect human rights (social); and evolve corporate governance and risk management practices (governance)E-Plan 2022 Management Strategies
We have set management strategies based on the following five perspectives and the basic policies of E-Plan 2022. Each business will formulate and enact plans aimed at
accomplishing these targets. We have divided our existing businesses into two categories—growth businesses and prof- itability improvement businesses—based on our business portfolio and set strategies for each.Business Strategies1. New Businesses
• Identifying needs and discovering and nurturing opportunities
• Flexible use of external partnerships, invest- ments, and acquisitions, etc.2. Existing Businesses
• Strengthen Groupwide S&S operations
• Execute aggressive busi- ness segment-specific strategies
• Strengthen development capabilities to create competitive advantage
• Expand global procure- ment system3. Regional Strategies
• Global market
• Domestic market
Target Business Portfolio
High
Medium
Low
􏰀􏰀 Pumps Business
􏰀􏰀 Compressors and Turbines
Business 􏰀􏰀 Chillers
Business
􏰀􏰀 Environmental
Plants
Business 􏰀􏰀 Precision
Machinery Business
   Upgrade Management and Business Infrastructure
4. Strengthening of Capitals (Resources)
• Strengthen ROIC management and port- folio management
• Implement strategies for manufacturing, technology, and information
• Implement strategies for human resources
Evolution of ESG Management
5. Refinement of ESG- Focused Management • Initiatives for environmental issues
• Connection with society • Corporate governanceProgress in First Year of E-Plan 2022
Medium High Profitability
 We made steady progress as a result of implementing measures in line with E-Plan 2022 in each business, despite the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on business performance in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020.2019/12 (JGAAP)2020/12 (IFRS)2021/12 Plan (IFRS)2022/12 Target (IFRS)Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)Return on invested capital (ROIC)
Operating profit ratio
Target Achievement Indicators
ROE
Debt-to-equity ratio
6.5%
6.8%
8.3%
6.4% 7.5%
7.2% 7.9%
8.6% —
7.6% or more
8.5% or more
11.2% or more
  0.29 times
0.34 times —
0.4–0.6 times
 19 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
Growth
Progress and Achievements for Each Basic Policy and Future Initiatives Basic Policy 1 Strive for growth
• Marketing and new business development promotion divisions • Further exploration of new businesses and promotion of established commercialization in four fields
• Began considering commercialization in four fields
Growth Businesses—Progress in the Precision Machinery Business
The semiconductor market is brisk, and we are proceeding with capital investments and developing bases to meet the growing demand. We will continue to implement the current measures and aim to achieve the operating profit ratio target of E-Plan 2022.
 Main Progress and Achievements
  Main Future Initiatives
 Development and creation of new businesses
      Further expansion of existing business into the global market
    • Standard Pumps Business: Opening new bases and strengthening existing bases
• Precision Machinery Business: Started strengthening sales in China
  • Standard Pumps Business: Accelerate measures that were delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, such as base expansion
• Precision Machinery Business: Complete construction of an overhaul center in China
  Issues
  Past measures
  Future initiatives
   Market Expansion Market Share Expansion
  • Construction of an automated dry vacuum pump plant
• Established operating site in China
  • Full-scale operation of automated dry vacuum pump plant
• Line expansion of Kumamoto CMP plant
• Strengthen sales force in the Chinese market
   Cutting-Edge Technology
 • Development and sales of exhaust systems for EUV lithography equipment
• Development of competitive products
 • Expansion of sales of exhaust systems for EUV lithography equipment
• Development of competitive products (continuous)
• Construction of new buildings for equipment systems
 Strengthening of S&S
   • Construction of dry vacuum pump overhaul centers (China, Germany)
   • Full-scale operation of dry vacu- um pump overhaul centers (China, Germany)
• Development of human resourc- es at overseas bases
   Profit Ratio Improvement
  • Progress on production innovation • Construction of an automated
dry vacuum pump plant
  • Progress on production innova- tion (continuous)
• Reduction of costs by increasing the ratio of in-house production at the automated dry vacuum pump plant
  Precision Machinery Business Operating Profit Ratio
(%)
15
10
5
0
E-Plan 2022 Target: 13.0% or higher
    Basic Policy 2
Improve Profitability of Existing Businesses
8.1
8.3
2020/12 (IFRS)
9.7
2021/12 Plan (IFRS)
  2019/12 (JGAAP)
 Main Progress and Achievements
  Main Future Initiatives
 Transform business structures to strengthen revenue base
    • Custom Pumps Business: Improved productivity
• Compressors and Turbines Business: Improved product profitability • Promote production efficiency through automated design and other
IoT applications
 • Custom Pumps Business: Accelerate the shift from export to region- al production for regional consumption
• Compressors and Turbines Business: Implement additional mea- sures to improve product profitability
  Growth in S&S sales in all businesses
    • Standard Pumps Business: Established a new department specifi- cally for on-call support
• Custom Pumps Business: Reassigned technical staff from products to S&S to strengthen after-sales service capabilities, in addition to promoting business reforms through digital transformation
• Precision Machinery Business: Established an internal organization dedicated to S&S
  • Accelerate the establishment of S&S collaboration with the Custom Pumps Business and the Compressors and Turbines Business, which was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
   EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 20

EBARA GROUP’S CORPORATE VALUE CREATION
Medium- to Long-Term Strategies
Profitability Improvement Businesses—Continued Improvement in the Profitability of the Custom Pumps Business
In the Custom Pumps Business, which is a profitability improvement business as laid out in E-Plan 2022, we have implemented such measures as confirming business progress through regular meetings, changing the business manager, and the selective acceptance of orders. The effects of these measures are steadily beginning to show in the figures, but there is still room for improvement and we will continue to improve profitability.
 Issues
  Past measures
  Future initiatives
   Improvement of Product Profit Margins
  • Selective acceptance of orders for export projects (by industry and product)
  • Continued selective acceptance of orders
• Thorough project management starting at time of order accep- tance (reduction of loss cost)
   Optimization of Production Systems
 • Shift from export to regional pro- duction for regional consumption (China, Vietnam)
• Innovation of production process from automated quotations to manufacturing through digital transformation
• Streamlining the production sys- tem by reassigning personnel
 • Strengthen business in China • Improve quality of locally
manufactured products
 Strengthening of S&S
   • Collaboration between S&S and Compressors and Turbines Business
   • Reassign personnel to strengthen overseas S&S
• Collaboration between S&S and Compressors and Turbines Business (continuous)
  Operating Profit Ratio of the Pumps Business
(%) 10
8 6
6.3
4 2 0
 E-Plan 2022 Target: 6.5% or higher
       Development of Products for New Markets
Basic Policy 3
• Began development
• Market introduction
2019/12 (JGAAP)
5.4
2020/12 (IFRS)
7.0
2021/12 Plan (IFRS)
 Basic Policy 4
Enhance ESG-Focused Management
Refine Management and Business Infrastructure
 Main Progress and Achievements
  Main Future Initiatives
 Facilitate swifter management
    • Launched project implementing Groupywide enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, with monthly progress managed by a steer- ing committee
• Preparing for global standardization of business processes
 • Begin pilot testing
• Development of business standardization concept templates • Complete ERP implementation by 2024
  Further emphasize ROIC management
    • Set ROIC targets and KPIs for each business and manage monthly progress
• Added business-specific ROIC to evaluation index for executive officers • Conducted ROIC training for managers
  • Link business-specific ROIC targets and KPIs to Management by Objectives (MBOs) for all employees
    Main Progress and Achievements
  Main Future Initiatives
 Initiatives to respond to ever-changing environmental issues
    • Development and sale of products that reduce environmental impact (such as energy-saving, high-efficiency types)
• Promotion of chemical recycling technology
• Development of new products and technologies to meet the growing global demand for clean energy
• Promote development for practical use of chemical recycling
  Foster bonds with society
    • Provision of environmental education about waste-to-energy genera- tion to elementary school students through the Environmental Plants Business
• Took action to increase engagement, including conducting a global engagement survey of all employees
 • Expansion of environmental education and further increase of community-based environmental awareness activities
• Implement action plans to further increase engagement
  Strengthen corporate governance
    • Monitoring important matters of E-Plan 2022
• Sale of all cross-shareholdings (listed shares)
• Increased the number of female Directors by one
• Establishment of Sustainability Committee to achieve E-Vision 2030
  • Accelerate information infrastructure reform, the key to new work styles (such as remote work), and further strengthen information security maintenance
 21 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

Climate Change Response Measures
  Endorsement of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and Our Corresponding Efforts
The global environment is the foundation for humankind, all living creatures, and every ecosystem on this earth. The activities of corporations such as ours could not continue without a sound global environment.
Recognizing the grave challenge the world faces in climate change, the EBARA Group added its signature in endorse- ment of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) in 2019. In accordance with the TCFD framework, we conducted scenario analyses of the impacts on business in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. Focusing on factors related to climate change, we conducted multiple scenarios, including the 2-degree Celsius scenario. The details are available on our corporate website.
REFERENCE Information Disclosure Based on TCFD Recommendations https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/sustainability/think/information/tcfd.html
When we announced our endorsement of the TCFD, we were simultaneously deliberating the EBARA Group’s long-term vision for the next decade. In February 2020, E-Vision 2030 was unveiled. It is based on extensive scenario analysis that compre- hensively focuses on the factors impacting our business activities. E-Vision 2030 upholds response to climate change as a priority issue. Setting forth our strategy and performance targets, it declares specific initiatives. We will work to strengthen
Climate Change Governance
The Sustainability Committee, which is chaired by the President and Representative Executive Officer, is responsible for promoting awareness among all members of management of the fact that responding to climate change is a material issue defined by E-Vision 2030 and therefore an important task for management. This committee also formulates activity policies and action plans and manages their progress. The Company adopts a framework in which climate change response measures are first discussed by the Sustainability Committee and then reviewed by the Board of Directors.
In addition, our Risk Management Panel is responsible for short- to medium-term risk response. The Management Planning Committee, which manages the progress of action plans on challenges confronting corporate management, monitors various aspects of climate change, including finan- cial implications and issues related to ESG.
The Environmental Control Committee, which is chaired by the executive officer responsible for risk management,
infrastructure to adapt to the intensification of disasters brought about by climate change. We will also work to reduce green- house gases. In the course of deliberations in line with the TCFD Recommendations, we analyzed the impacts on our business, using multiple scenarios that included the 2-degree Celsius scenario, with a focus on climate change factors. The results of these analyses were examined and discussed at a meeting of the Sustainability Committee in December 2020 and subsequently reported to the Board of Directors.
In October 2020, the Japanese government declared its target of becoming carbon neutral by 2050 and, in April 2021, it announced that Japan would aim for a 46% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions from 2013 levels by 2030. Based on the accelerating adoption of decarbonization policies in countries where the EBARA Group does business (including Europe, the United States, and China), we will continue to conduct climate-change scenario analyses and examine finan- cial implications. In addition, we will enhance the resilience of our business strategies through dialogue with stakeholders.
promotes ongoing improvements to climate change response and other environmental management activities on
a Groupwide and global basis.
        Review
Report
Board of Directors
 President and Representative Executive Officer (Chair)
Management Meeting
Sustainability
Committee
• Medium- to long-term perspective
• Identifies sustainability challenges (including climate change) and establishes policies for response
• Confirmation and review of progress on KPIs for ESG
Risk Management Panel
• Responds to short- to medium-term risks (including environmental risks)
   Management Planning Committee
• Manages progress of action plans for corporate management challenges
(including climate change)
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 22

EBARA GROUP’S CORPORATE VALUE CREATION
Medium- to Long-Term Strategies
Strategy: Identification and Evaluation of Climate Change-Related Risks and Opportunities
We identified and evaluated climate-related risks and oppor- tunities that are likely to affect the EBARA Group’s businesses by 2022, the target year of E-Plan 2022, and by 2030, the target year of E-Vision 2030. Based on the classification of risks and opportunities specified by the TCFD, we believe
New and rising carbon costs
Higher electricity prices due to climate change
Higher raw material prices due to climate change
Changes in customer preferences
Divestment from businesses with high GHG*1 emissions
Shift toward distributed energy production
Popularization of electric vehicles (EVs)
Increased need for disaster preparedness items
Decreased waste-to-energy needs
Development of CCUS*2 technologies
Development of energy conservation technologies
Development of next-generation refrigerant technologies
Development of automation using IoT and M2M*3 technologies
Damage to production equipment and halts to plant operations due to flood damage
Increase in efficiency of manufacturing processes
that, to some extent, the matters in the table below will impact the EBARA Group’s businesses.
We plan to conduct further analysis of long-term risks and opportunities beyond 2030.
     Classifications
Climate change-related issues
Risks
Opportunities
     Transition risks
Physical risks (acute)
Policies/regulations
 Markets
 Technologies
   Opportunities
Resource efficiency
    






(Damage to EBARA)











(Damage to customers)

               *1. GHG: Greenhouse gas
*2. CCUS: Carbon dioxide Capture, Utilization and Storage. Carbon dioxide Capture and Utilization (CCU) is a technology that converts captured CO2 into new products and energy. Carbon
dioxide Capture and Storage (CCS) is a technology that captures CO2 generated by factories and power stations before its release into the atmosphere, then transports it to geological strata
suitable for underground storage, where it is preserved in a stable condition for long periods of time.
*3. M2M: Machine to machine. The ability of machines to autonomously perform advanced control and operations by exchanging information with each other via a communication network.
Strategy: Scenario Analysis
The TCFD recommends that organizations develop scenarios for limiting global warming to 2 degrees Celsius. According to this recommendation, we deliberated on multiple scenarios, including limiting warming to 2 degrees Celsius, in regard to the climate-related risks and opportunities we identified and evaluated. We utilized the World Energy Outlook 2019 by
International Energy Agency (IEA) and resources released by the Japanese government. The details are available on our corporate website.
REFERENCE Scenario Analysis https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/sustainability/think/information/tcfd.html#sus2e
      2-degree Celsius scenario
 4-degree Celsius scenario
  Intermediate scenario
 Common to all scenarios
  In response to the strengthening of environmental regulations, progress in CO2-reduction technologies, and growing environmental awareness among consumers, we expect that sales will increase for energy-saving products and for products that help curb GHG emissions. On the other hand, there will also be factors that adversely affect our business performance, such as a decline in sales at some of our major clients and increases in raw material costs.
We assumed a worldview that is an extension of 2020. Under the 4-degree Celsius scenario, we believe that any additional impact on sales and expenses (leading to increase or decrease) would be low.
A 2-degree Celsius scenario in which technological innovation stagnates was assumed as the intermediate scenario. We assumed a scenario in which policies and regulations are strengthened in a similar way to the 2-degree scenario and customer preferences become more environment oriented, but technological innovation stagnates and the market launch of products and services that satisfy consumers’ needs does not progress. Under these circumstances, the EBARA Group will create energy-saving products and products that help curb GHG emissions, and we believe that sales of such products will increase.
We assume some risks and opportunities will be common to all scenarios. Physical risks such as torrential rains and flooding caused by climate change would manifest in all scenarios and the costs of repairs may place added burden on our businesses. On the other hand, damage from floods and the like suffered by our customers may create demand for maintenance by the EBARA Group, which we believe may lead to an increase in sales.
    23 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

Strategy: Impact of Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities on Financial Planning
Based on the results of the four climate change scenario analyses conducted in 2020, we do not expect significant negative impact on our overall financial position under any of
the scenarios through 2030. The details of our analyses of the financial impact of climate change through 2030 are as follows.
  Scenario
Impact on businesses by 2030
   2-degree Celsius scenario
  Intermediate scenario (2-degree Celsius scenario with stagnation of techno- logical innovation)
 4-degree Celsius scenario
  Common to all scenarios
  In response to the strengthening of environmental regulations, progress in CO2-reduction technologies, growing environmental awareness among consumers, and widespread adoption of electric vehicles, sales will increase in energy-saving products and products that contribute to curbing CO2 emissions such as pumps, refrigerators, compressors & turbines, and semicon- ductor manufacturing equipment; and chemical recycling-related products. On the other hand, business performance will decline due to increases in manufacturing costs caused by rises in costs for the main raw materials of our products and a decline in sales at some of our major customers due to the divestment of businesses that have high GHG emissions.
Policies and regulations will be strengthened as in the 2-degree Celsius scenario and customer preferences will become more environment-oriented, but technological innovation will stagnate and products and services that satisfy consumers’ needs will not progress to market launch.
On the other hand, we will create energy-saving products and products that help curb GHG emissions, and sales of such products will increase.
This world is an extension of 2020, with little impact on increases or decreases in sales and expenses brought about by the 4-degree Celsius scenario.
Manifestation of physical risks (e.g., torrential rain, typhoons, high tides, flooding, and drought) will be common to all scenarios.
While disaster-related repair expenses will be incurred, this will also generate customer demand for maintenance and disaster response at public facilities, which will lead to increased sales.
Strategy: Strategy Based on Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities
As a result of analysis of these climate-change scenarios as of strategy by 2030. Looking ahead, we incorporated these 2020, we will focus on the following matters for our business strategies into our management plan, E-Plan 2022.
Anticipating the strengthening of climate-related regulations, increases in raw material prices due to the strengthening of climate-related regulations, and the divestment of businesses that are large GHG emitters, it will be necessary to consider the formulation of strategies for new businesses, such as CCUS, hydrogen and ammonia-fueled power generation technologies, and hydrogen production and storage technologies.
In response to an increase in customers’ environment-oriented preferences, it will be necessary to respond to advanced recycling needs, such as for the chemical recycling of waste plastics.
Promote the development of products that contribute to energy-saving needs throughout product life cycles, to auto- mation needs that leverage IoT and M2M technologies as highly efficient production systems, and to the shift from gasoline-fueled vehicles to electric vehicles.
As customers are expected to demand a shift toward carbon-free supply chains, it will be necessary to consider cutting CO2 emissions generated by manufacturing processes.
       Businesses
Strategies until 2030
    Fluid Machinery & Systems Business
  Environmental Plants Business
  Precision Machinery Business
  EBARA Group’s general production activities
  Risk Management
In the development of E-Vision 2030 and E-Plan 2022, we used scenario planning to analyze social trends and changes to the market environment over the medium to long term. We identified fluctuation risk as a long-term trend, short-term volatility risk, and risks in the corresponding markets for each of EBARA’s individual businesses. The identified risks and opportunities are managed under the corporate governance framework.
Metrics and Targets
In E-Plan 2022, we developed action plans for financial and non-financial corporate management challenges, which set metrics and targets to manage the progress of these action plans. The non-financial action plan sets metrics and targets for risks and opportunities regarding the environment
Based on the results of regular risk assessments conducted by our risk management division, we have also identified significant risks that we are likely to face in the short to medium term. In these risk assessments, the probable risks are sorted out with leaders of the most relevant businesses and divisions surveyed and interviewed on the risks. Based on the outcomes, the risk response frameworks are re-assessed and reflected in opera- tions, with the supervising divisions made clear.
(including climate change), society, and corporate gover- nance. The Sustainability Committee and Management Planning Committee monitor the progress of these plans.
    EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 24

BUSINESS STRATEGIES
Three Businesses Supporting Social and Industrial Infrastructure
      25 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
 Consolidated Net Sales
¥523.7 billion
Consolidated Operating Income
¥37.8 billion Fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 (JGAAP)
  Net Sales Ratio by Industry
Other
Electric power
Semi- conductor
Public infrastructure
* Mostly downstream businesses
Net Sales Ratio by Region
Building equipment
Oil and gas*
    Japan
China Overseas Asia
S&S Sales Ratio
Product
S&S
(excluding China)
Middle East
Other Europe
North America
 Fluid Machinery & Systems Business P.27–30
Pumps Business
Offers large-scale, high-pressure custom pumps for use in sewage facilities, rainwater drainage systems, petrochemical plants, and other facilities as well as standard pumps for use in high-rise build- ings, condominiums, industrial facilities, and others
Compressors and Turbines Business
Provides compressors and turbines for oil refineries and petro- chemical plants
Chillers Business
Handles chillers, cooling towers, and related systems for use in the air-conditioning equipment of buildings and large-scale commercial facilities
Other Businesses
Provides fans for use in applications such as tunnel ventilation as well as electricity, telecommunications, and energy control equipment
Environmental Plants Business P.31-33
Uses EBARA’s incinerator and gasification plant technologies to perform processes encompassing the design, construction, oper- ation, and maintenance of municipal solid waste incineration plants and other waste treatment facilities
Precision Machinery Business P.34-36
Net Sales
Components
CMP Systems
Others
Provides products that contribute to the manufacturing processes of semiconductors, flat panel displays, and other devices indispensable to a super-smart society including the dry vacuum pumps that create the required vacuum environments and the CMP systems that can polish semiconductor wafers with nano-level precision
¥60.5 billion ¥74.2 billion ¥6.2 billion
    
Net Sales Ratio
Net Sales Ratio by Industry
Net Sales Ratio by Region
S&S Sales Ratio
  ¥169.8 billion
Electric power
Public infra- structure
Oil and gas*
Other
Building equipmen
* Mostly downstream businesses
 Japan
t
Overseas
 Product
S&S
 ¥94.1 billion
Other Oil and gas*
* Mostly downstream businesses
 Japan
 Overseas
 Product
S&S
 ¥35.8 billion
Other
Electric
power Building
equipment
 Overseas
 Japan
 Product
S&S
Net Sales Ratio
Net Sales Ratio by Industry
Net Sales Ratio by Region
S&S Sales Ratio
 ¥13.7 billion
 ¥67.5 billion
Other
  Public infrastructure
Overseas
 Japan
 Product
S&S (O&M*)
* Operation & Maintenance
Net Sales Ratio
Net Sales Ratio by Industry
Net Sales Ratio by Region
S&S Sales Ratio
 ¥141.1 billion
Other
  Semiconductor
 Japan
Overseas
 Product
S&S
       EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 26

BUSINESS STRATEGIES
Fluid Machinery & Systems Business
We aim to further improve profitability and cultivate new fields and new markets.
Nobuharu Noji
Executive Officer
President, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company
Key Points behind Our Financial Performance in the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020
Sales in the Standard Pumps Business decreased due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Sales and profit increased in the Custom Pumps Business due to strong domestic public-sector projects.
Sales in the Compressors and Turbines Business declined due to lower crude oil prices and the COVID-19 pandemic. Profit in the Chillers Business increased due to improved profitability in domestic cooling towers and cost reductions.
      In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, although sales in the Chinese market and domestic public-sector projects were strong, sales in other markets and regions were down from the previous fiscal year due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Operating profit increased from the previous fiscal year due to improved profitability in the Custom Pumps Business and Compressors and Turbines Business.
As for the progress of our medium-term management plan, E-Plan 2022, we opened the Knock Down Center in Vietnam and are working to strengthen our global production system and supply chain. We also opened a base in Mexico to expand our coverage, and acquired Vansan,* a leading pump manufac- turer in Turkey. Our diverse efforts to strengthen our overseas business included the sales launch of solar pumps in Brazil.
Going forward, we will accelerate our global market strate- gy in the Standard Pumps Business by establishing sales bases and launching products that meet regional needs. In the Custom Pumps Business, we will implement business reforms through digital transformation to improve profitability, reassign personnel and enhance after-sales services to strengthen overseas S&S, and accelerate collaboration with the Compressors and Turbines Business. We will continue to create high value-added products to cultivate new fields and markets, such as the hydrogen market.
* Refers to the three companies collectively known as Vansan (Çiğli Su Teknolojileri A.Ş. and its subsidiaries Vansan Makina Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş. and Vansan Makina Montaj ve Pazarlama A.Ş)
 SWOT Analysis of Fluid Machinery & Systems (FMS) Business
 • Fluid, numerical analysis, material, analytical, and other fundamen- tal technologies cultivated over the years (entire FMS Business)
• Capability for developing highly efficient, high-quality, and highly reliable products (entire FMS Business)
• Diverse, global employee base and network (entire FMS Business)
• Presence in Asia (entire FMS Business)
Strengths S
• Lacking presence in Europe and the United States (pumps, chillers) • Insufficient lineup of products matched to overseas
specifications (pumps)
• Dependence on highly volatile markets (compressors and turbines)
W Weaknesses
T
• Intensification of price competition stemming from domestic market contraction (pumps, chillers)
• Increased competition due to maturity of technologies and improvement of technological capabilities of emerging manufacturers (entire FMS Business)
Threats
 O
• Increases in infrastructure investment in conjunction with rising water demand attributable to population growth and urbanization in emerging countries (pumps)
• New opportunities arising from industrial structure changes occurring in conjunction with progress in 5G, IoT, and other technologies (pumps, chillers)
• Growing demand for EBARA products in tandem with growth in demand for LNG, hydrogen, and other forms of clean energy (pumps, compressors and turbines)
Opportunities
27 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

                     E-Vision 2030 and E-Plan 2022 Business Strategies
Business Vision (E-Vision 2030)
Become a top-class industrial machinery manu- facturer that continues to advance into new fields supported by the fundamental technological prowess forged over years of operation
E-Plan 2022 Business Strategies
• Establish business structure that ensures reliable profits
• Improve presence in overseas markets
• Create products matched to customer needs in unexplored
and other markets
E-Plan 2022 Targets / Progress in 2020
(Billions of yen) Numerical Targets 25.0
(%) 10.0
8.0
6.0
4.0
2.0
0
    Operating Profit Ratio:
E-Plan 2022 Target: 7.0% or more
  20.0
   7.0% 15.0 or more
(IFRS) 10.0
    Operating profit (left scale)/ Operating profit ratio
(right scale)
Fluid Machinery & Systems Business
5.0
0
 Pumps Compressors and Turbines Chillers
2019/12 Results (JGAAP)
2020/12 Results (IFRS)
2021/12 Plan (IFRS)
       Numerical Targets (Operating profit ratio) (IFRS)
2020/12 Results (IFRS)
2020/12 Achievements
Future Initiatives
       5.4%
Standard Pumps
• Domestic: Strengthened S&S structure
• Overseas: Expanded sales bases, strengthened SCM*1
• Strengthened marketing and development functions to cultivate new
markets with high profit margins
  Custom Pumps
• Undertook selective order acceptance for export projects and reassignment of personnel from products to S&S
• Strengthened marketing and development functions to cultivate new markets with high profit margins
     8.2%
• Undertook selective order acceptance for products, procurement cost reduction (LCC*2 utilization), lead time shortening through automated design
   Pumps Business 6.5% or more
Compressors and Turbines Business 8.0% or more
Chillers
Business 5.4% 5.0% or more
*1. SCM: Supply chain management *2. LCC: Low cost country
• Domestic: Transferred production of chillers to China, strengthened S&S structure
• Strengthened marketing and development functions to cultivate new markets with high profit margins
• Domestic: Expand scale of S&S sales, expand new products and sales
• Overseas: Accelerate expansion of bases and launch new products
that meet regional needs
• Market and develop products at the top of their niche
• Accelerate business reforms through digital transformation
• Expand S&S sales through collaboration with Compressors and Turbines
Business and by strengthening service systems at overseas bases
• Develop prototype pumps for the hydrogen market
• Review business scope by clarifying target markets
• Complete profitable cryogenic pump and expander test stand
• Domestic: Expand S&S with refrigerant retrofit technology
• China: Introduce new chiller products and expand sales of cooling
towers for industrial use
• Market and develop products at the top of their niche
        E-Plan 2022 Progress and KPIs
  The Fluid Machinery & Systems Business has wide-ranging opportunities to contribute to a sustainable society. We have set KPIs for many approaches, including providing a stable water supply to diverse regions as well as contributing to energy-saving products and technologies that reduce environmental impact. The following are some of our business-segment specific KPIs.
       Related Materiality
Measures and KPIs
2022/12 Targets
2020/12 Results
2020/12 Achievements
Future Initiatives
          Stable water supply to diverse regions
 Expansion of solar pump sales Achieve a unit sales Began sales (Standard Pumps) volume target of 100%
Contribution to technologies that reduce environmental impact
Began sales in Brazil
Developing a compact prototype of a liquid hydrogen pump for hydrogen power generation facilities
Started technological development of high-speed, compact, and high- efficiency steam turbine series
Expand sales, mainly in Brazil and developing countries
Manufacture and testing of small prototypes
Commercialization and market launch
Expand sales of new refrigerant turbo chillers and products using retrofit technology, and further enhance product lineup
  1
Development and market launch of products for liquid hydrogen plants (Custom Pumps)
Achieve 100% commercialization
Completed planning and design
Started study
 Making products more energy efficient
 Complete development and commer- cialization of new steam turbine series (Compressors and Turbines Business)
Achieve 100% commercialization
 Environmental load management
      Reduction of GHG emissions through sales of low-GWP* products (Chillers)
Reduce annual GHG emissions by the equivalent of 33,000 tons of carbon dioxide
Reduced annual GHG emissions by the equivalent of 20,600 tons of carbon dioxide
Expansion of new refrigerant turbo chiller series
Development and market launch of refrigerant retrofit technology
       * GWP: Global warming potential
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 28

BUSINESS STRATEGIES
Fluid Machinery & Systems Business
Topic 1   Standard Pumps Business: Strengthening Global Production, Sales, and Service Systems
In the Standard Pumps Business, EBARA BOMBAS AMÉRICA DO SUL LTDA. (hereinafter “EBAS”), an overseas Group company, com- menced sales of solar pumps in January 2020 to help achieve the goal of “Delivering Water to 600 million People Worldwide (approx. 7% of the world’s population)” as stated in E-Vision 2030, our long- term vision. There are still rural areas in Brazil where electricity is not available, so this product is designed to help fulfill basic living needs, such as access to drinking water. Solar pumps, which generate elec- tricity converted from sunlight through solar panels, are available for centrifugal pumps and swimming pool pumps, in addition to the 220V deep well pumps that EBAS has been producing since its establish- ment. In the future, we will launch 380V-equivalent product capable of powering pumps with greater power consumption. We will take advantage of EBAS’s extensive sales and service network to sell our products, both within Brazil and in other countries where there is a high level of interest in our products, and strengthen sales expansion.
As part of the global market strategies laid out in E-Plan 2022, we are aiming to expand our sales in regions and countries where we expect growth due to factors such as population and economy growth, as well as increasing industrial development. In May 2020, we established Ebara Pumps Mexico, S.A. de C.V. in Mexico to assemble, sell, and provide service and support for pumps. We will contribute to the development of the local economy in Mexico and
elsewhere by actively investing our management resources, bolster- ing our products and services, and recruiting and cultivating human resources. In Vietnam, the Knock Down Center for standard pump assembly began operation in December 2020. The facility stocks a certain level of standard pump parts produced at the EBARA Group’s Italy plant, and assembles them into products for shipment. Previously, each EBARA Group company in Southeast Asia managed their own inventories. By establishing the Knock Down Center, we will be able to better optimize product inventory and efficiently supply products to the Southeast Asian market according to demand, there- by shortening delivery times and reducing inventory. In addition, the acquisition of Vansan, a leading pump manufacturer in Turkey, will strengthen our access to the European, Central Asian, Middle Eastern, and African markets. We aim to increase our presence in the deep well motor pump market as well as strengthen our supply chain and enhance our product competitiveness by leveraging our techno- logical capabilities in the global market.
In the future, we will accelerate the establishment of sales bases and the market launch of products meeting regional needs. We will further strengthen our global production system and supply chain, including within Japan, to improve our presence in overseas markets and further expand our Standard Pumps Business.
Vietnam Knock Down Center
          Vansan
   29 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
Solar pumps and real-world site

Topic 2   Custom Pumps Business: Liquid Hydrogen Pump Development
In the Custom Pumps Business, we are working on developing
a liquid hydrogen pump for hydrogen power generation facilities in order to break into the hydrogen market. This project began in 2019 and is subsidized by the New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization (NEDO). We plan to conduct liquid hydrogen tests on a small prototype in 2022 in collaboration with the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA).
Hydrogen is a clean energy source that emits no air pollutants or greenhouse gases, and can be produced from a variety of primary energy sources in a variety of ways. It can be transported and stored as a gas, liquid, or solid (absorbed in alloys), and it is expected to serve a central role in the future of secondary energy due to its high energy efficiency and potential for use during times of emergency. For Japan to become a “hydrogen society” that utilizes hydrogen in daily life and industrial activities, demand for hydrogen needs to increase
through the expansion of stationary fuel cell use, development of the fuel cell vehicle market, and the introduction of full-scale hydrogen power generation. Building a hydrogen supply chain to meet this demand will be also be a requirement.
NEDO’s Development of Technologies for Realizing a Hydrogen Society project aims to develop an energy system that combines hydrogen production, transportation, storage, and utilization technol- ogies with electricity derived from renewable energy sources.
We will continue ongoing development within the Custom Pumps Business. Our future development plans include commercial demon- strations scheduled for 2025, hydrogen power generation and the commercialization of the international hydrogen supply chain scheduled for 2030.*
* According to the Strategic Road Map for Hydrogen and Fuel Cells published by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) in March 2019.
                 Topic 3   Chillers Business: Retrofit Technology to Reduce Environmental Impact
In recent years, there has been a demand for refrigeration equipment that uses refrigerants with low global warming potential (GWP) to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. EBARA REFRIGERATION EQUIPMENT & SYSTEMS Co., LTD. (ERS) has developed and launched a new type of turbo chiller (RTBA*) that uses a new refriger- ant with low GWP that also boasts improved qualities when compared to conventional refrigerants. These include non-flammability, low toxicity, and high stability. Recognized for its excellent performance and undeniable track record, this chiller received a special jury award in the 21st Ozone Protection and Global Warming Prevention Awards, and has been used in commercial and accommodation facilities, chemical plants, and various other facilities since its launch. The adoption of the new type of turbo chillers will lead to an effective reduction in environmental impact. However, turbo chillers have a very long product lifespan, so it may be 10 or 20 years before they can be replaced with the new turbo chillers. To address this issue, we have
developed retrofit technology that enables the use of new refrigerants in existing turbo chillers that currently use conventional refrigerants. By utilizing this technology developed by ERS, specific parts of chillers can be replaced during regular scheduled maintenance to enable the use of low-GWP refrigerants. This technology helps customers take advantage of eco-friendly products that help combat global warming without substantial upfront investment. We are currently working to broaden the range of applications for our new turbo chillers and expand the lineup of existing products that can be updated with retrofit technology.
We will continue to develop our technology and expand sales of our new refrigerant turbo chillers for widespread use, both to meet the needs of our customers and to make a significant contribution to curbing global warming.
* RTBA is the ERS model number.
 Model RTBA turbo chiller
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 30

BUSINESS STRATEGIES Environmental Plants Business
As a resource circulation solutions provider, we will work toward decarbonization and the realization of
a sustainable society.
Atsuo Ohi
Executive Officer
President, Environmental Engineering Company
Key Points behind Our Financial Performance in the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020
Sales and profit decreased in EPC as construction was in between projects
Sales and profit increased in plant O&M due to the expansion of business scope and cost reductions
    Under E-Vision 2030, the Environmental Plants Business aims to grow into a resource circulation solutions provider that pro- vides a wide range of services to contribute to the building of sustainable local communities. We will develop business cen- tered on the EPC* and O&M of waste treatment plants that primarily serve local governments.
2020 was an unprecedented year with the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic, but the waste treatment facilities we handle are necessary for maintaining standards of living. We accomplished our work with a focus on stably processing local waste and protecting the safe and secure lives of local residents.
Global awareness of environmental issues, such as green- house gas emissions that cause climate change and ocean pollution caused by waste plastic, has never been higher.
SWOT Analysis of Environmental Plants Business
Major countries, including Japan, have committed to carbon neutrality and are moving to decarbonize operations, and the environment surrounding corporations is undergoing major changes.
We are actively incorporating rapidly developing digital transformation technologies, such as AI-equipped cranes, to further improve the stability and energy efficiency of our waste treatment facilities and to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. In addition, we will further strengthen the practical application of waste plastic chemical recycling, and work toward decarbon- ization and the realization of a sustainable society.
* EPC: Engineering, Procurement, and Construction
  • Integrated system for providing services ranging from engineering and construction to operation and maintenance
• Track record of constructing more than 400 plants worldwide utilizing a wide range of incinerator technologies
• O&M expertise founded on industry-leading operation contracting track record
• Cutting-edge plant operation initiatives employing AI and ICT
• Gasification technologies related to chemical recycling
S
Strengths
• Dependence on public infrastructure industry in Japan • Geographic overconcentration of customers
• Labor-intensive facility operation businesses
W
Weaknesses
T
• Consolidation of plants in response to domestic population decline
• Workforce contraction
• Intensification of cost competition
Threats
 Opportunities
• Reconstruction and upgrade demand stemming from aging of waste treatment plants
• Increased outsourcing of plant operation to the private sector
• Increased demand for renewable energy
• Growing need for waste plastic processing
O
31 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

                              E-Vision 2030 and E-Plan 2022 Business Strategies
Business Vision (E-Vision 2030)
Expand business to become a resource circulation solutions provider with operations centered on waste treatment plant construction and operation that provides integrated EPC services primarily to local governments
E-Plan 2022 Business Strategies
• Reinforce core operations
• Develop new businesses
• Step up waste treatment equipment liquidation and sales
activities in China and promote offshore trading
• Improve non-price evaluation of design, build, and operate
(DBO) projects
E-Plan 2022 Targets / Progress in 2020
Numerical Targets
Operating Profit Ratio:
9.5% or more (IFRS)
Operating profit (left scale) Operating profit ratio (right scale)
(Billions of yen) 8.0
6.0
4.0
2.0
E-Plan 2022 Target: 9.5% or more
(%) 12
9
6
3
               00
 2019/12 Results (JGAAP)
2020/12 Results (IFRS)
2021/12 Plan (IFRS)
   Numerical Targets (Operating profit ratio) (IFRS)
  2020/12 Results (IFRS)
  2020/12 Achievements
  Future Initiatives
   9.5% or more
10.2%
• Received contracts for DBO projects for municipal governments as well as EPC projects for the private sector as a result of customer- oriented proposals
• Received contracts for facility life-extension projects for municipal governments due to our highly-evaluated, long-term track record in maintenance, management, and operation
• Increased the number of facilities equipped with AI cranes and the number of facilities eligible for remote monitoring support by imple- menting digital transformation
• Signed a process license agreement for chemical recycling*
• Improve profitability of receiving new EPC/DBO projects by improving non-price related elements of proposals
• Continue efforts to incorporate peripheral operations of the compre- hensive, long-term service projects and propose lifespan extensions
• Further R&D towards reduction of O&M costs by making full use of digital transformation technologies and improvement of plant performance
• Implement demonstration tests for implementing chemical recycling in society
   * In September 2020, Ebara Environmental Plant Co., Ltd., JGC CORPORATION, and Ube Industries, Ltd. signed a license agreement for the Ebara Ube Process (EUP) pressurized two-stage gasification process.
E-Plan 2022 Progress and KPIs
We are working to provide high-quality services by implementing digital transformation at facilities with operational support. In addition to utilizing our incinerator operation know-how, we are also working on the further improvement of power generation efficiency and reduction of carbon dioxide emissions with the help of digital transformation technologies. We have set KPIs for each of our initiatives, some of which are introduced below.
         Related Materiality
Measures and KPIs
2022/12 Targets
2020/12 Results
2020/12 Achievements
Future Initiatives
        Environmental load management
 Generation of renewable energy from waste
130,000 MWh
140,163 MWh
14
Installation target 33% achieved
Exceeded volume target for contracted power as a result of positive municipal responses to our initiatives to generate power locally for local consumption
Conducted proposal-based sales activities that take into account the individual circumstances of customers to ensure the stable operation of municipal solid waste treatment facilities, an essential part of the social infrastructure
Introduced AI cranes to municipal facilities for their labor-saving and stable incinerator functions
Conduct proposal activities to sign long- term contracts for the generation of renewable energy from waste
Focus on facility design as well as local power production for local consumption to make our facilities into symbols of a recycling-oriented society
Implement crane upgrades and widespread adoption of AI cranes based on the needs of the domestic public and private sectors
Commence basic trials and activities to acquire contracts with potential users to build demonstration units
 Stable operation of social infrastructure
 Long-term compre- 1 hensive contracts for
DBO projects (cumulative total)
Crane upgrades and AI crane installation
19
Achieve 100% installation target
  Contribution to technologies that reduce environmental impact
 Practical application of Internally circulating fluidized-bed gasifica- tion system (ICFG)*
Construction of demonstration units Achieve an order target of 100%
Began basic trials
Established ICFG test facilities to extract products from waste plastics and obtain various data
 * ICFG is a system to recover high-calorific fuel gas, consisting mainly of hydrocarbons, from low-grade materials like biomass. The product gas can be used as an alternative energy to fossil fuels, thus reducing new fossil fuel usage. ICFG is a chemical recycling technology that can be integrated into existing industrial processes with massive energy consumption to realize innova- tive systems that utilize biomass and waste energy as alternative fuel for manufacturing industries. ICFG is a registered trademark in Japan of Ebara Environmental Plant Co., Ltd.
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 32

BUSINESS STRATEGIES
Environmental Plants Business
Topic 1   Implementing Chemical Recycling
In September 2020, Ebara Environmental Plant Co., Ltd. and Ube Industries, Ltd. signed a license agreement to provide the Ebara Ube Process (EUP)* pressurized two-stage gasification process technolo- gy to JGC Corporation. EUP is a waste plastic chemical recycling technology developed with the aim of realizing advanced recycling of waste plastics amid the accelerating global movement toward the realization of decarbonization.
The chemical recycling of waste plastic contributes to the improve- ment of the waste plastic recycling rate and the significant reduction of carbon dioxide emissions. The method consists of decomposing various kinds of plastics and impurities, which is one of the difficulties of plastic recycling, into various chemicals such as ammonia, metha- nol, and olefins, which can then be reused as raw materials for plastics, rubber, and synthetic fibers.
Jointly developed by Ebara Environmental Plant, Co. Ltd. and Ube Industries, Ltd., EUP is a technology that produces a synthesis gas of carbon monoxide and hydrogen by thermally decomposing waste plastic. This technology was put to practical use in early 2000, and ammonia has been continuously produced at the Showa Denko K.K. Kawasaki Plant since 2003. Today, about 60,000 tons of waste plas- tic is processed annually with EUP to produce ammonia using the hydrogen obtained from the process.
Through this license agreement, we will promote the use of EUP as a plastic waste gasification chemical recycling system, and will actively work to further the decarbonization of society in Japan and overseas.
* EUP is a registered trademark in Japan of Ube Industries, Ltd.
Topic 2   Received the Prize of Director General of Small and Medium Enterprise Agency at the 2020 Energy Conservation Awards
Chubu Recycle Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Ebara Environmental Plant Co., Ltd., won the Prize of Director General of Small and Medium Enterprise Agency (hereinafter, the Prize) in the Energy Conservation Best Practices at workplaces of the 2020 Energy Conservation Awards (hereinafter, the Awards) sponsored by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI).
The Awards were established by the Energy Conservation Center, Japan to honor the products and business models of companies that excel in energy conservation. The information dissemination and public relations activities of this awards program contributes to the building of an energy-saving society by raising awareness about energy-saving and rel- evant products throughout Japan.
The Prize was awarded to Chubu Recycle for its continuous efforts in energy conservation activities under the theme of “promoting ener- gy conservation by raising awareness,” and for its achievements as an “excellent” rated business (S Class*1) for five consecutive years.
Since its establishment in 1999, Chubu Recycle has been engaged in the resource recycling business, also known as “urban mining.*2” Under its corporate philosophy of “Zero Emissions Factory,” incinera- tor ash generated from waste incineration plants is melted and
recycled into construction materi- als and valuable metals.
In the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2020, we achieved
a 9.8% reduction in energy con-
sumption per unit of production
and a 1,619-ton reduction in car-
bon dioxide emissions compared
to the fiscal year ended March 31,
2017. Enterprise Agency)
The Environmental Engineering
Company will continue to contribute to the building of a sustainable society through recycling-oriented business, continuous energy- saving activities, and environmental load reduction activities.
*1. All businesses that submit periodic reports under the Energy Conservation Law are clas- sified into four classes (S, A, B, and C), and the S class is recognized as an “excellent” business on the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry’s (METI) website.
*2. Because incinerated ash contains useful metals such as gold and zinc, it is referred to as an “urban mine,” a source of usable metals from the city.
 Topic 3   Received Order for Incinerator for Municipal Solid Waste Treatment Facility in China
Ebara Qingdao Co., Ltd. (hereinafter “Ebara Qingdao”), a subsidiary of Ebara Environmental Plant Co., Ltd., has received an order for an incinerator for a municipal solid waste treatment facility for Beijing, the capital of the People’s Republic of China. With this contract, the total number of contracts received by Ebara Qingdao throughout Asia, including in China, has reached a cumulative total of 49, with a cumu- lative processing capacity of 48,007 tons/day.
Ebara Qingdao is a manufacturing base for waste incinerators and waste heat boilers for municipal solid waste treatment facilities for the Japanese market, and also operates a business (EP + SV*1) in China that designs, manufactures, installs, and provides guidance on the commissioning of waste incinerators and other major equipment.
The contract we received this time is for the third phase of the waste-to-energy generation plant in Shunyi District, Beijing. Ebara Qingdao will supply the High Pressure Combustion Control (HPCC)*2 stoker-type incineration system (processing capacity 800 tons x 1 fur- nace = 800 tons/day) to be used for the waste incinerator and pro- vide safe, reliable waste treatment. In addition, the heat generated from waste incineration will be recovered by a steam boiler and used for power generation, thus reducing the need for electricity generated
from fossil fuels and reducing carbon dioxide emissions.
Based on more
than 60 years of
experience and tech-
nological capabilities
in the solid waste
treatment business
in Japan, the
Environmental
Engineering Company
is aiming to expand its business to become a resource circulation solutions provider. In China and other neighboring countries, we will also contribute through Ebara Qingdao to global decarbonization by providing designs and products tailored to each region based on our experience and technological capabilities.
*1. EP + SV: Engineering Procurement + Supervisor
*2. HPCC, or High Pressure Combustion Control, is a registered trademark in Japan of Ebara
Environmental Plant Co., Ltd.
Chubu Recycle staff with the Energy Conservation Award (Prize of Director General of Small and Medium
 33 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
Rendering of the completed third phase waste-to-energy generation plant in Shunyi District, Beijing

BUSINESS STRATEGIES
Precision Machinery Business
We will strengthen our ability to provide solutions and develop products with reduced environmental impact.
Tetsuji Togawa
Executive Officer
President, Precision Machinery Company
Key Points behind Our Financial Performance in the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020
Sales in chemical mechanical polishing (CMP) systems increased due to growing demand Sales in S&S parts and overhaul increased
Operating profit increased in line with increased sales
Fixed costs related to the automated dry vacuum pump plant increased
      In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, capital investment and demand for semiconductors remained strong, reflecting the spread of ICAC5* as well as the widespread adoption of remote work and stay-at-home lifestyles, resulting in increased sales and profit compared to the previous fiscal year.
In the Precision Machinery Company, in line with the growth strategy set forth in E-Plan 2022, we strengthened our ability to provide solutions by developing an exhaust system for EUV lithography equipment and conducting joint development with international research organizations. To promote global business development, we strengthened systems to increase our market share in China and opened a dry vacuum pump over- haul center in Germany. In addition to implementing measures to increase efficiency, we began operation of an automated dry vacuum pump plant on our Fujisawa District premises.
SWOT Analysis of Precision Machinery Business
During the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, to meet growing demand, we will expand the CMP production lines at the Kumamoto District plant, complete construction and start operation of a dry vacuum pump overhaul center in China, and begin construction of a new equipment development building to further strengthen our ability to provide solutions. In addition, we are promoting development aimed at energy and resource conservation in our products from a sustainabili- ty perspective, and are striving to help reduce the environ- mental impact of our customers’ business activities.
We will contribute to the realization of a more enriched world by cultivating partnerships with our customers and providing solutions based on our unique technology.
* ICAC5 stands for IoT, cloud, artificial intelligence (AI), self-driving cars, and 5G.
  • Rotating machinery, fluid equipment, machine control systems, gas decomposition and abatement, and energy conservation technologies
• Sophisticated technological capabilities and manufacturing technologies that contribute to resource conservation
• Bases positioned near customers worldwide
• Flexible, high-quality customer support capabilities
• Long-term employee retention contributing to technology
accumulation and transfer
• Diverse base of technically skilled employees around the world
• Robust supply chain
Strengths S
• Lack of optimization of production systems (i.e., fully automated plants, etc.)
• Faltering share expansion in growth-promising Chinese market • Slow launches to new business initiatives
W Weaknesses
T
• Fluctuations in semiconductor demand and inconsistent pace of semiconductor capital investment following slowed pace of semiconductor complexity increases
• Diminishment of market share due to supply chain issues and other factors leading to insufficient production capacity
• Impacts of trade dispute between the United States and China
Threats
 Opportunities
• Spread of IoT, AI, and automated driving technologies
• Diversification of work styles through teleworking and other
methods utilizing cloud and communications technologies
• Growth in semiconductor demand in conjunction with the
technological development of a super-smart society
• Aggressive semiconductor investment in China
• Consistent capital investment demand in Taiwan, South Korea,
O
and Japan
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 34

                                          BUSINESS STRATEGIES
Precision Machinery Business
E-Vision 2030 and E-Plan 2022 Business Strategies
Business Vision (E-Vision 2030)
Contribute to the development of society through partnerships and distinctive technologies centered on the semiconductor field while helping create a more enriched world through endeavors in new fields
E-Plan 2022 Business Strategies
• Transition from a supplier of standalone equipment to a solutions provider
• Create new businesses with new technologies at their core
• Pursue highly efficient management and develop operations
on a global scale
E-Plan 2022 Targets / Progress in 2020
• Conducted joint development with international research organizations 13.0% or more 8.3% • Opened dry vacuum pump overhaul centers in Germany and China
• Began operation of the automated dry vacuum pump plant
E-Plan 2022 Progress and KPIs
(Billions of yen) (%) 20.0 20
E-Plan 2022 Target: 13.0% or more
15.0 15
10.0 10
5.0 5
00
   Numerical Targets
Operating Profit Ratio:
13.0% or more (IFRS)
Operating profit (left scale) Operating profit ratio (right scale)
2019/12 Results (JGAAP)
2020/12 Results (IFRS)
2021/12 Plan (IFRS)
                Numerical Targets (Operating profit ratio) (IFRS)
  2020/12 Results (IFRS)
  2020/12 Achievements
  Future Initiatives
  • Strengthen production systems to meet growing demand and further enhance our ability to provide solutions
     We are further improving energy conservation and weight reduction in our products, and are promoting joint development with partners whose products and services support the realization of next-generation semiconductors. We will realize E-Vision 2030 by reducing GHG emissions through our products and ensuring stable operations for our customers through the expansion of S&S. We have set more than ten categories of KPIs and are monitoring the progress of all of our initiatives.
       Related Materiality
Measures and KPIs
2022/12 Targets
2020/12 Results
2020/12 Achievements
Future Initiatives
           Environmental load management
 Reduction of GHG emissions through 1 gas abatement systems
Achieve 100%
Achieve 12% reduction
40% Contribute to the reduction of GHG emissions by detoxifying the gases gen-
erated in the semiconductor manufac- turing process
13% Reduce the weight of target products to decrease raw materials and energy used in
distribution; reduced weight also makes products easier for customers to use
Develop and expand sales of products that are more beneficial to customers
Continue to develop models that take into account weight reduction as well as changing market trends
Further increase the number of models developed
Continue development
 Product weight reduction
Weight reduction of target products (Per unit compared to 2019)
  2
Development of manufacturing equipment to meet the evolutionary roadmap for semiconductors
 Development of new models arising from priority projects
Development of elemental technologies for the next generation of target products
Achieve 100%
Achieve 100%
88% Completed roughly the number of models targeted for completion by the
end of FY2020
97% Development progressing roughly on schedule
   35
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

Topic 1   Completed Construction of Dry Vacuum Pump Overhaul Centers in Germany and China
Demand for semiconductors is growing with the worldwide adoption of remote work and the acceleration of digital transformation. As our customers in the semiconductor industry continue to increase factory operations, demand for S&S of semiconductor manufacturing equip- ment and component equipment to support production is increasing. In particular, dry vacuum pumps require periodic overhauls to maxi- mize performance and prevent breakdowns. For this reason, it is important to enhance customer-oriented field support, strengthen the S&S system in Japan and overseas, and cultivate human resources.
In April 2021, overseas Group company EBARA Precision Machinery Europe GmbH (headquartered in Germany; hereinafter referred to as EPME) completed construction of its second dry vacu- um pump overhaul center in Weixdorf, Dresden, where EPME is located, complementing the 10 similar facilities already in operation
EBARA Precision Machinery Europe overhaul center
Topic 2 New Dry Vacuum Pump Automated Plant at Fujisawa District Premises
around the world. As Dresden is a high-tech city known as “Silicon Saxony,” the EPME’s new overhaul center will enable us to meet the demands of the European market more quickly, serving an important role for EBARA’s Precision Machinery Business.
In addition, in order to quickly meet demand for semiconductors in the Chinese market, we completed construction of the third dry vacu- um pump overhaul center in China in July 2021 at HEFEI EBARA PRECISION MACHINERY (headquartered in China), an overseas Group company.
With the establishment of the new overhaul centers, we will contribute to the advancement of semiconductor products that will support a smart society, one of the goals set forth in E-Vision 2030, through S&S of manufacturing equipment and devices.
  HEFEI EBARA PRECISION MACHINERY overhaul center
 In the new world of ICAC5, demand for semiconductors is expected to keep growing, and we will need to respond with strong capital investment in the semiconductor industry as a whole. Therefore, in order to strengthen our production system for dry vacuum pumps and CMP systems, for which we have a large share of the global mar- ket, we are automating and expanding production lines at our plants in Kanagawa and Kumamoto Prefecture.
A new automated dry vacuum pump V7 plant was constructed in December 2019 on the Fujisawa District premises in Kanagawa Prefecture. Full-scale operation is scheduled to begin in August 2021. The automated V7 plant replaces production work that used to be done manually with IoT technology to manage production and opera- tion status in real time. This enables efficient processing, assembly, and distribution processes in accordance with demand fluctuations, tripling production capacity.
With the establishment of this new automated plant, we will be able to produce products that meet our customers’ needs in a timely manner even as demand continues to grow. After the new plant begins operation, we will continue to utilize the latest automation and other technologies to further improve productivity.
We are aiming to increase the number of CMP system production lines in the existing plant at the Kumamoto District location, from the current two lines to three lines halfway through 2021. This will increase production capacity to 1.5 times the current level. We are also planning to increase the number of personnel in accordance with this facility expansion.
We are enhancing our dry vacuum pump and CMP system production facilities, and by improving production efficiency, we will be able to supply products that meet the needs of our customers in a timely manner.
 Fujisawa District V7 plant
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 36

  BUSINESS STRATEGIES New Businesses
The EBARA Group aims to develop and create new businesses by recognizing issues based on realistic future forecasts and integrating a global market-in approach while contributing to solving material issues by leveraging its unique strengths. Here, we will present some of our new businesses already under way.
 Furthering Decarbonization Collaboration with Spiber
          In January 2020, the EBARA Group invested 1.0 billion yen in Spiber Inc. (hereinafter “Spiber”). Spiber is developing and manufacturing Brewed Protein materials that are expected to become sustainable next-generation key materials and do not depend on petroleum or other finite resources as their main raw material. Since the initial investment, we have conducted joint research with Spiber to improve the heating and cooling processes in the manu- facturing (cultivation) process.
We delivered industrial process pumps (Model GSO* pumps), one of our core global products, to the Brewed Protein mass production plant that opened in Thailand in March 2021. The Model GSO pumps are used mainly for industrial processes in the Chinese and Southeast Asian markets. The pumps, which are one of our core global
Spiber Thailand
products boasting high efficiency, comply with the interna- tional standards ISO2858 and ISO5199 required in chemi- cal and general industries. In addition to the Model GSO pumps, we also delivered pumps for cooling water, fire extinguishing, and water supply.
We will be dispatching mechanical engineers to Spiber to explore a wide range of manufacturing process efficien- cies that integrate biology with mechanical engineering. Specifically, we will deepen our understanding of cutting- edge fermentation processes, develop new added func- tions and equipment, and proceed with development aimed at scaling up manufacturing. We will further our col- laboration with Spiber with the goal of realizing a society that can break free from its dependence on fossil fuels.
* Model GSO is an EBARA model number.
 Our Inland Recirculating Aquaculture System (RAS) Testing Site is Now in Operation
  37
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
A tank of tiger puffer fish at the inland recirculating aquaculture experimental farm
EBARA entered into a capital and business alliance in 2019 with Regional Fish Institute, Ltd. (hereinafter “Regional Fish”), a food-tech start-up established as the core propo- nent of the efforts of Kyoto University and Kindai University, among others. In October 2020, we constructed and began operation of an inland recirculating aquaculture experimental farm in collaboration with Regional Fish, where we are conducting growth tests of tiger puffer fish by combining Regional Fish’s breeding technology with EBARA’s fluid and heat control technologies, as well as other technologies that we have fostered since our founding. We are striving for the swift implementation of a labor- saving inland recirculating aquaculture system that reduces
pump power costs and more precisely controls required water volume as well as purification functions.
Along with technological development, we aim to raise the value of farmed fish by taking a market-oriented per- spective and conducting activities such as utilizing outside companies’ networks of top chefs in Japan and abroad to work towards visualization of taste, adaptation to cuisine, and creation of processed foods.
We aim to industrialize the next generation of inland recirculating aquaculture, which will be less burdensome on the environment and provide a safe, secure, stable sup- ply of products in both quality and quantity. We also aim to enable visualization of taste and production of seafood products in line with consumer preferences.

           Borderless Business Creation in Southeast Asia and Cultivation of Intrapreneurs
 In July 2020, we invested 500 million yen in the “Real Tech Fund Investment Partnership Global I” established by Real Tech Holdings Co., Ltd. (hereinafter “Real Tech Holdings”), a fund that invests in and fosters real tech startups in Southeast Asia.
“Real tech” refers to R&D-based innovative technologies that contribute to solving deep-rooted, global issues such as climate change, energy issues, and food problems. Although
Southeast Asia is in the midst of remarkable economic development, there are still many inherent issues that need to be addressed, and we will work together with local startups and university research institutions to create new businesses that solve these issues. We have also dispatched personnel to Real Tech Holdings with the aim of fostering intrapreneurs within EBARA, exploring new opportunities, and jointly developing business creation and evolution.
The thing that surprised me the most about Real Tech Holdings was each member’s passion. We all have a venture-first attitude. Everyone remains highly focused on how to quickly implement technology in society and how to collaborate with the people who can support that technology. It was clear to me that these people all share the top priority of changing the world through technology. This opportunity to work alongside entrepreneurs my same age and to be directly involved with cutting-edge technology in Southeast Asia is invaluable to me.
  Message from an employee dispatched to Real Tech Holdings
Sho Kosaka
EBARA CORPORATION Marketing Division
New Business Architecture Department, Marine Solution Section
  New Business Idea Competition “E-Start 2020”
 The Marketing Division’s New Business Architecture Department carried out “E-Start 2020,” an internal competi- tion to produce new business ideas. We also needed to cre- ate an internal culture that would go beyond the collection of ideas to ensure the ideas get considered and nurtured.
We set up a special website for the event and announced it on the Company intranet. President Asami himself sent out a video with the message, “Nurturing plans that embody the founding spirit of ‘Netsu to Makoto’ (Passion and Dedication).” This was followed by a video thread of supportive messages from all of the Executive
Officers. As a result of the increased internal communica- tion, we were able to receive 120 new business idea sub- missions. Despite a short employee voting period of just two days, 884 votes were cast, and we succeeded in cre- ating an atmosphere that supports new business develop- ment throughout the Company.
Two external judges participated in the final judging panel, which was held online. Nine proposals in fields such as medicine, space, environment, and energy were dis- cussed, and the five winning proposals have now advanced to the phase of preparation for commercialization.
    The winning team and President Asami (center)
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 38

  RESOURCE STRATEGIES
Financial Strategies as Explained by the Finance Executive
We aim for sustainable growth and the long-term enhancement of corporate value through appropriate capital allocation.
    Shugo Hosoda
Executive Officer
Division Executive, Finance & Accounting Division
Role as Finance Executive
In March 2021, I was appointed Executive of the Finance & Accounting Division, but I was originally an engineer. When I joined EBARA, I was in charge of new process development at the Environmental Plants Business. Later, when I worked in the Corporate Strategy Planning Division at the Head Office, I was involved in the transition to the Company with Three Committees structure, our current corporate governance system. For the last five years, I have led global operations at Elliott Company in the United States. The Finance & Accounting Division has many specialists who are deeply knowledgeable in their respective fields, but I myself have come from a compara- tively diverse background. Utilizing this expertise, I would like to contribute to the Company from a more multifaceted perspective.
Investment in Growth
As part of our financial strategy to achieve sustainable growth, we plan to undertake capital investment of ¥100 billion and R&D investment of ¥40 billion during the three years of our medium-term management plan, E-Plan 2022. In 2020, the first year of the plan, we invested in growth based on this strategy in both existing and new businesses. As we aim to achieve our 10-year vision as laid out in E-Vision 2030, we
E-Plan 2022 Financial Policy*
have been steadily planting seeds for the creation of new businesses, and we believe that we are making solid progress.
First, let’s look at existing businesses. To handle the grow- ing demand for semiconductors, the Precision Machinery Business is making progress in establishing a system for the full-scale operation of the automated plant for dry vacuum pumps. In the field of liquefied natural gas (LNG), where demand for clean energy is expected to increase, we are actively investing in growth areas, including the construction of a new test stand for cryogenic pumps in the United States. In addition, the acquisition of Turkish pump manufacturer Vansan was finally completed in April 2021, and investments for growth that will strengthen and expand existing businesses are steadily under way.
To develop our new businesses, we are working enthusiasti- cally with specialized organizations on several projects, includ- ing the development of new generation biomaterials through investment in Spiber, and inland recirculating aquaculture through a capital and business alliance with Regional Fish.
In addition to these growth investments, we are also continuing to make digital transformation investments, such as business process innovation using digital technology and companywide implementation of enterprise resource planning (ERP).
We will continue to upgrade our investment management and evaluation processes so that we can boldly break into promising new fields without missing opportunities, while ensuring adequate risk assessment.
Capital Structure
We have set a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.4 to 0.6 times (IFRS basis) as the indicator of capital structure for this medium-term plan period. This indicator is based on the existing business structure, scale, and risks, and takes the required level of financial soundness into consideration. This is one of the cornerstones of our capital policy for this medium-term management plan.
        E-Plan 2022 Target
2020/12 Results
2021/12 Plan
     Growth investments
Capital investment ¥100 billion (cumulative total for 3 years)
R&D investment ¥40 billion (cumulative total for 3 years)
Proactive M&A stance
Consolidated dividend payout ratio: 35% or more
Flexible share buyback stance
Debt-to-equity ratio 0.4.–0.6 times
¥32.2 billion
¥12.5 billion
—
35.4%
—
0.34 times
¥26.0 billion
¥14.0 billion
¥11.3 billion (Vansan acquisition)
—
¥20.0 billion
—
    Shareholder returns
   Capital structure
  * Based on IFRS
39 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

  To sustainably generate returns in excess of the cost of capital from a medium- to long-term perspective, we believe it is important not only to strengthen investments for growth, but also to improve capital efficiency through management of our business portfolio and appropriate control of invested capital.
Capital Efficiency Improvement
We have established working capital and other management indicators to better understand the status of capital in each business, and we are working toward improvement in capital efficiency to maximize return on invested capital. In addition, we have been continuously working to reduce assets outside of our main businesses. Although we used to hold more than ¥10 billion in cross-shareholdings, we completed the sale of all cross-shareholdings at the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020.
We also decided to repurchase and cancel up to ¥20 billion (or 5.2 million shares) in treasury shares in May 2021 to fur- ther optimize shareholders’ equity.
Changes in Cross-Shareholdings (as of the end of each fiscal year)
(Billions of yen) (Issues)
15.0 30 12.5 25 10.0 20
7.5 15 5.0 10
Enhancement of Shareholder Returns
The shareholder return policy laid out in E-Plan 2022 calls for a consolidated dividend payout ratio of at least 35.0%, while maintaining a flexible policy on share buybacks.
In line with our medium-term management plan, we have raised the annual dividend per share for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 from the initial forecast of 60 yen to 90 yen, resulting in an increase of 30 yen compared to the previ- ous fiscal year. For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, the initial annual dividend forecast is 100 yen per share. Together with the aforementioned share repurchase and can- cellation, we will enhance shareholder returns in accordance with our medium-term capital policy.
Changes in Annual Dividends per Share
(Yen) (%) 120 60
100 50 80 40 60 30 40 20 20 10
00 2017/3 2017/12 2018/12 2019/12 2020/12 2021/12
Annual dividends per share (left scale) Consolidated dividend payout ratio (right scale)
Repurchase of Shares
Upper limit: Total repurchase price of ¥20 billion or of 5.2 million shares
Repurchase period: May 17, 2021 to December 23, 2021
on-hand, and the structure of long-term interest-bearing debt. We have also shifted to IFRS starting in the fiscal year end-
ing December 31, 2021 in response to the global standard- ization of information disclosure. We made this decision based on the fact that nearly half of the Company’s share- holders are international investors, and that our overseas sales ratio is over 50%. We will continue to strive for proactive and appropriate information disclosure to further enhance communication with our shareholders and investors.
                            2.5
5
 00 2016/3 2017/3 2017/12 2018/12 2019/12 2020/12
Book value on balance sheet (left scale) Number of listed issues held (right scale) Number of issues contributed to retirement benefit trust (right scale)
Enhancement of Information Disclosure
Enhanced information disclosure helps shareholders and investors to correctly understand risk factors when making investment decisions. We see this as an important factor that can reduce the cost of capital for companies. Although the outlook is still unclear due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we are making every effort to meet the needs of our shareholders and investors by disclosing more detailed financial informa- tion, such as the predicted impact on the performance of each business, the status of efforts to supplement liquidity
   EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 40

                     RESOURCE STRATEGIES
Human Resource Strategy
 We will proactively evaluate the challenges our employees face both within the Group and globally, and aim to be a company where employees feel fulfilled and comfortable in their work.
 Shu Nagata
Executive Officer
Division Executive, Corporate Strategic Planning and Human Resource Division
Human Resource Vision (E-Vision 2030)
Promoting work environments that encourage challenge is one of the material issues in our long-term vision, E-Vision 2030, which illustrates our 10-year vision for the Group and the path to achieve it. In order to develop our business on
a global scale and continue to grow as a company, we need to further strengthen our human resource management global- ly across the Group. To establish a foundation for this growth, the “One EBARA HR” project is being implemented Groupwide.
The COVID-19 pandemic has transformed the way people work around the world. While looking ahead to a changed post-pandemic society, we will promote a corporate culture of competition and challenge. We will proactively evaluate the challenges our employees face both within the Group and globally, and aim to be a company where employees feel ful- filled and comfortable in their work.
REFERENCE Personnel Affairs and Human Resource Development Policy https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/sustainability/social/information/talent-management.html
  Create a corporate culture of competition and challenge by providing safe and stimulating working environments where diverse employees can engage in meaningful work and utilize their full potential.
E-Plan 2022 Progress and KPIs
Global expansion of 100% 10% the role grading system
Global expansion of 50% 0% the performance evaluation system
Global expansion of
the succession program system 100% 1%
Reduction of total recordable
incident rate (TRIR) 2023:
(by 2023) 0.80 3.13
Global
Consolidated, in Japan
Although there was a slight delay from the ini- tial plan, we made progress in explaining and preparing for the introduction of each system and program in Group companies, and com- pleted implementation of the role grading sys- tem at Group companies in Italy and Vietnam
Occupational safety consultants conducted risk surveys, safety culture diagnoses, and occupational accident analyses at each business site
In 2021, 12 Group companies are in the process of introducing the system, aiming for a 50% adoption rate in role grading and succession systems; the goal is to implement the systems in the remaining 50% in 2022 to reach 100%
Implement measures to foster a culture of safety, including a follow-up system to prevent recurrence of industrial accidents, risk management, and human resource development for work safety leadership
Plan, implement, and expand a telework system that increases productivity; promote health and stress management; and encourage the use of paid leave
Conduct training for young female employees to improve their skills at an early stage and increase the number of female candidates for key positions
Secure a diverse workforce by hiring by job category and creating an environment where people can utilize their majors and take on their preferred challenges
Each department will formulate an action plan based on survey results and work toward improvement
Provide both face-to-face and online hybrid training opportunities
Implement Groupwide early selection and training of talent globally, and undertake systematic personnel measures for 2030
         Related Materiality
Measures and KPIs
2022/12 Targets
2020/12 Results
Scope
2020/12 Achievements
Future Initiatives
         Establishing a foundation to achieve sustainable global growth
          Transform into a Group with a corporate culture of competition and challenge
  4
Reduce total average work hours
Promote diversity by increasing the percentage of female candidates for key positions*
Promote diversity by increasing
the percentage of female new hires
Promote diversity by increasing the percentage of non-Japanese new hires
Improve global engagement survey score
Continue investing in human resource development (training costs per person)
Increase the ratio of local employees in global key positions at overseas operating sites
(by 2030)
1,920 1,977 hours hours
6.8% 6.5%
30% 21.2% 25% 12.2%
83 78
¥29,897 ¥23,639
2030: 20% 50%
Increased from 2019 due to factors such as reduced use of paid leave as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic
Career introduction by senior employees, dispatch to external training programs, and roundtable discussions held for employees on childcare leave
Steadily increased the number of female and non-Japanese new hires through various recruitment methods such as alumni and referral systems
Efforts were made to improve communication, including increasing the frequency of messages from management; a number of items improved over time due to COVID-19 measures
To prevent the spread of COVID-19, scheduled in-person training sessions were postponed and most training sessions were moved online
Explained KPIs to the human resource departments of overseas Group companies at global HR meetings
   EBARA CORPORATION
Global
EBARA CORPORATION
Global
              * Key position: employee positions equivalent to managers
41 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

 Human Capital Strategies and Measures
Strengthen Groupwide Human Resource Management
To realize our international business development goals in E-Vision 2030, we believe that we must accelerate the local- ization of the human resources that hold global key positions in the Group’s business. In order to continuously nurture human resources capable of succeeding in these positions, we must promptly select and train excellent human resources throughout the Group.
To achieve these objectives, we have been working on the One EBARA HR project since the fiscal year ended December
Efforts to Change Corporate Culture
In order to realize a corporate culture of competition and chal- lenge, we reformed our personnel system, first with key posi- tions in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, and then with unionized positions in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. Organizations were expanded and flattened, and a shift was made from the previous seniority-based system to
a role grading system.
In the past, the earliest an employee in a unionized position
could be promoted to a key position was after their
Initiatives for Human Resource Development
In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, some training sessions were postponed and most were held online in order to prevent the spread of COVID-19. Online training has the advantage of being location-independent, and we will continue to use a combination of face-to-face and online training.
For the first time, in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, research project training will be conducted in collabora- tion with the Graduate School of Project Design, with the aim
31, 2019 to strengthen human resource management across the entire Group. The project sets a timeline for the implemen- tation of nine HR measures to be completed by the next mid- term management plan at all Group companies. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the introduction of the role grading system was completed at two Group companies (Ebara Pumps Europe in Italy and Ebara Vietnam Pump Company in Vietnam).
One EBARA is a great HR strategy because it makes us feel like we are one united company, as the name suggests. I’m a big supporter. I have had the opportunity to work for the EBARA Group as an export area man- ager in Italy and as a branch manager in Russia and the United Kingdom. I was able to use this time to develop my skills as a manager and under- stand cultural differences. I also learned that having people working in dif- ferent parts of the world really benefits the Company.
I believe that there are many people who have expertise in various aspects of the business at EBARA. I believe that the EBARA Group will be able to become a strong global player if we give those people the opportu- nity to enhance their vision and mindset.
mid-thirties. However, under the new system, key positions have been created for employees in their twenties. We are selecting employees for promotion earlier based on merit and we have eliminated the seniority system.
We will continue to foster a corporate culture of competition and challenge by providing comfortable, motivating environ- ments where diverse employees, regardless of gender, nationality, or age can conduct meaningful work globally.
of cultivating human resources for the future of EBARA who are capable of discovering new business opportunities that support society, industry, and everyday life. From the per- spective of fostering a corporate culture of competition, challenge, and diversity, the participants were selected through an open recruitment process. In the future, the participants will work on conceptualizing new businesses to solve social issues.
 Message from
an Employee in
a Global Key Position
Matteo Zenari
Product Management & Communication General Manager Ebara Pumps Europe
 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 42

RESOURCE STRATEGIES
Human Resource Strategy
Conducting Global Engagement Surveys
We have been conducting global engagement surveys of all domestic and overseas EBARA Group employees since 2019 to ascertain what employees think about the companies and their work. Each department takes the survey results and cre- ates and implements an action plan to improve engagement throughout the Group. As a result of these efforts, the number of positive survey responses from employees increased in 2020. In particular, due to enhanced communication and messaging from the management team, numbers improved in the comprehensive indicator categories of “sustainable engagement” and “management team.” In addition, our prompt and appropriate COVID-19 preventive measures
Initiatives to Improve Job Satisfaction and Comfort
The EBARA Group aims to be a corporation in which diverse employees around the world feel fulfilled and comfortable in their work. The COVID-19 pandemic has led to widespread adoption of telecommuting and decreased opportunities for face-to-face communication. As work styles change drastically, the Group is examining new ways of working within a post-pandemic society.
To realize job satisfaction, we will implement the role grading and succession management systems globally, to promote human resource development and ensure that the right people have the right jobs.
resulted in an increase in positive responses in the “safety” category.
Selected 2020 Survey Results
Sustainable engagement*
Management team
Safety
78% (+3 points)
64% (+5 points)
79% (+4 points)
 Category
  Percentage of positive responses (overall EBARA Group)
     * Refers to a high sense of belonging to an organization, which is maintained by a productive work environment, physical and mental health, etc.
Parentheses indicate comparison to 2019 figures.
To realize comfortable working environments, we are imple- menting concrete measures to create a flexible and comfort- able work environment not restricted by location or time, including expanding telecommuting systems, setting up satel- lite offices, and promoting web conferencing.
We will continue to enhance employee engagement by realizing both job satisfaction and comfortable working envi- ronments, and accelerate the transformation to the globally integrated HR system, One EBARA HR.
   Development and Expansion of Initiatives
Pursuing job satisfaction
Toward a role- and merit-based system that eliminates seniority Implemented the new personnel system for all employees in Japan starting in 2018 (completed)
New Challenges
Pursuing comfortable working environments
Flexible work environments, unconstrained by location or time, implemented swiftly in 2020 due to COVID-19
  Global implementation of role grading and succession systems to further develop human resources and the right people for the right jobs
Promotion of telecommuting system, satellite offices, and web conferencing
   Form the foundation of a corporate culture of competition and challenge
Accelerate the transformation to One EBARA HR, a globally integrated HR system that enhances employee engagement
    Distribution of Tablets to Employees at Manufacturing Sites
To improve the motivation and engagement of manufacturing site employees, and to close the information infrastructure gap in the workplace, we provided a tablet device to each person. Previously, a single computer was shared amongst each group of manufacturing site employees. Onsite commu- nications were mainly done on paper, which made for an inef- ficient work environment. Tablets enable employees to have timely access to information on the Company intranet,
43 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
e-learning courses, expanded telecommuting options, and electronic manuals. This shift will both improve employee IT literacy and increase productivity, as well as facilitate the switch to paperless documents and promote human resource development. We will continue to formulate and implement measures that will help everyone move forward together, regardless of their workplace.

Diversity Promotion
The EBARA Group’s long-term vision as laid out in E-Vision 2030 is to create comfortable and stimulating working envi- ronments where diverse employees can engage in meaningful work to their full potential. To realize this vision, we are imple- menting initiatives in three areas: awareness and culture reform; system and environmental improvement; and work reform, operations analysis, and visualization.
Awareness and culture reform
Work Style Reform
Support for Non-Japanese Employees
One of the issues we faced was establishing a support system to help retain excellent non-Japanese talent who contribute to our global competitiveness. To ensure that non-Japanese employees in Japan and overseas can work safely and securely even during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, we are taking measures to prevent COVID-19 and providing useful information to ensure smooth operations. In addition, we hold periodic interviews to solve problems with communication or internal networks. During the first two years of a non-Japanese employee’s tenure at EBARA in Japan, we also provide periodic interviews in their native language to bet- ter understand and assist with the settling-in process, challenges they’re facing, and their growth. These interviews are conducted by specialists (outsource basis) with the requisite language skills.
  • Raising awareness of people in key positions
• Holding roundtable dis-
cussions on work styles
• Improving workplace cul- ture to reduce long hours
   • Reforming office work to improve productivity
     • Employee career devel- opment and skill acquisition
• Create an envi- ronment that allows people to choose flexi- ble work styles
System and environmental improvement
Advancement for Women
Work reform, operations analysis, and visualization
 We aim to be a company where women can evolve and exer- cise their full ability through their work.
Aiming to resolve the current issues of the percentage of women in key positions and the small number of female can- didates for key positions, we have set a goal of increasing the percentage of women in key positions to 7% or more by April 2023, and 8% or more by April 2025.
As part of our efforts to realize these goals, we will actively provide educational opportunities to foster career advance- ment, including options for employees to participate in exter- nal training programs.
We also held a roundtable discussion for employees on childcare leave in 2020, as there are many women who are concerned about their career path relative to marriage, child- birth, and other major life events. We will provide information about continuing careers, balancing work with raising chil- dren, and other possible opportunities.
Ratio of Women in Key Positions
(EBARA CORPORATION, full-time employees)
 1st, 2nd years
• Native language interviews
(resolve day-to-day problems, requests to the Company)
 Join the Company
• Start working in April or October • Japanese language education
(acquire Japanese language skills necessary for work)
 Unofficial offer
• Japanese language education
(preparation for life in Japan)
Hiring by Job Category
Until 2020, new graduates were assigned to positions based on aptitude after joining the Company, but for 2022, we have changed the system to allow new graduates to choose a path (both job category and product sector) when they apply. By choosing their own jobs, they can choose to utilize what they learned as a student or choose a job that provides new chal- lenges, making it easier for them to realize their desired careers.
Start of the Alumni System
We have started building a network of former employees, known as Ebalumni (Ebara-Alumni), with the aim of expanding personal connections and visualizing the talent of people who have left EBARA.
In general, alumni systems expand the range of human resources that an organization can access. By connecting people when they are recruited to the time they leave, we hope to attract diverse human resources, promote collabora- tion, and facilitate open innovation to achieve sustainable growth in the global market.
(%) 8
6 4 2 0
5.4
5.8
2022 target: 6.8%
6.8 6.5
2019 2020
Recruitment and Training of Non-Japanese Employees in Japan
 Succeed
• Career development • Follow-up
      2017 2018
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 44

  RESOURCE STRATEGIES
 Hiroshi Sobukawa
Executive Officer
Responsible for Technologies, R&D & Intellectual Property Division Executive, Advanced Technology Division, Precision Machinery Company
R&D and Intellectual Property Vision (E-Vision 2030)
In the decade since the closure of EBARA Research Co., Ltd. in 2009, we have been strengthening our R&D activities and intellectual property based on a unique approach guided by BRDIP,*1 which promotes coordination among businesses, research and development, and intellectual property, and ABA,*2 which encourages collaboration among academia, businesses, and associations. In 2020, the first year of E-Vision 2030 and E-Plan 2022, we strengthened ties between BRDIP and ABA, formulated long-term strategic operation plans for the next decade, and implemented initiatives to create new businesses. By further evolving and developing these initiatives, we will continue to contribute to the resolution of social and environmental issues through our business.
*1. BRDIP: An original EBARA Group acronym created from “businesses,” “R&D,” and “intellectual property”
*2. ABA: An original EBARA Group acronym created from “academia,” “businesses,” and “associations”
REFERENCE Technologies https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/technology/technology-top.html
  We will further evolve and expand long-term strategic activities and contribute to solving social and environmental issues through our business.
E-Plan 2022 Progress and KPIs
1 Formulation of a research roadmap (RM) in key technology areas and implementation of medium- to long-term research themes
E-Plan 2022 target progress: 100%
Secure 100% of key products
E-Plan 2022 tar- get progress: 58%
Achieved target for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020
Formed RMs and action plans (APs) in the areas of fluids, materials, machine elements/vibration/acoustics, micro- interfaces, and numerical analysis
Target products selected and IP strate- gies formulated; also started expanding strategic activities with business divisions
Revise RMs and initiate measures in line with APs, as well as formulate RMs/APs for electrical, control, and thermal sectors
Promote R&D of MI, xR (virtual and augmented reality technologies), and energy-related technologies, and conduct research activities and plan research themes that broaden the scope
of research
Work to improve competitive advantage of our key products by reviewing targets based on annual results
         Related Materiality
Measures and KPIs
2022/12 Targets
2020/12 Results
2020/12 Achievements
Future Initiatives
         Strengthening development capabilities
 in line with RMs
Conduct patent application and rights acquisition activities based on market and technology trends for every product
Intellectual Property Initiatives
 Pursue new needs and research opportunities
        Propose and implement research themes that lead to new technologies and new businesses
Ongoing proposals of themes for new business fields
Planned research themes in new fields and started new technology projects
Strengthened research activities, con- ducted research on materials informatics (MI) and energy-related technologies, and supported the launch of new research themes and new technology projects in new fields
    2
   • To enhance the competitive advantage of our key products, we are conducting patent application and rights acquisition activities based on the market and technological trends of each product.
• We are formulating contract policies for each type of contract and disseminating them internally, and also promoting the establishment and application of contract models that adhere to the policies.
• We are investigating other companies’ patent strategies, technology trends, and trademark activities, and are providing information and proposals that contribute to management decisions, business decisions, and investor relations.
• We have registered our intellectual property in the Chizaizukan intellectual property database to generate demand for our intellectual property and to co-create new value with external companies. We will continue collaborating with external parties through our technology and intellectual property to create solutions that contribute to society.
REFERENCE Chizaizukan https://chizaizukan.com/
45 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
One example from the Chizaizukan
Technology for fixing metal particles to synthetic fibers serves as a catalyst for improving chemical manufacturing efficiency
                                                                                                                      R&D and Intellectual Property Strategy
  We will contribute to the resolution of social and environmental issues through our business by evolving and expanding our long-term initiatives.

  R&D Initiatives That Lead to Increased Corporate Value
The corporate R&D division stays informed of the latest technologies and contributes to the introduction of technologies that meet the needs of the business divisions.
Development of Technology to Diagnose Abnormalities in Rotating Machinery
  Takahito Kagoshima
EBARA CORPORATION Marketing Division
Illustration of transfer learning
Utilizing xR Technology
Kazuya Hirata
EBARA CORPORATION Technologies, R&D Division xR Application Development Section
In the operation of rotating machinery like pumps, scheduled, periodic inspection and maintenance is conducted to avoid performance degradation and losses due to sudden abnormalities or stoppages.
In recent years, various companies and research institutes have been developing condition-based maintenance technologies using AI and IoT. However, the mainstream approach of most of these tech- nologies is to generate a so-called “rough diagnosis,” in which the presence or absence of an abnormal- ity is determined based on data obtained during normal operation. To get a “precision diagnosis” that identifies the cause of the abnormality, it is essential to have a detailed understanding of the structure and other aspects of the rotating machinery in question. To add to this, abnormalities occur infrequently in rotating machinery, making it difficult to collect a large amount of error data.
We are conducting R&D with the aim of realizing precision diagnosis technology by utilizing data science. We are developing a new learning method model (transfer learning) that enables diagnosis of abnormalities with a smaller amount of error data, and working on the construction of a system for actively and efficiently collecting necessary data in an experimental environment. We have also created physical models based on the structure and characteristics of rotating machinery, and combined them with simulation technology to
study the mechanisms of abnormalities.
By developing technology to diagnose abnormalities in rotat-
ing machinery and providing condition-based maintenance ser- vices, we will build and strengthen new customer contact points through data, and this technology will also enable us to identify and provide solutions for potential unseen issues.
 Without transfer learning
With transfer learning
    Learning data
(Large volume)
Machine learning
(Long time)
Learned model
Learned models from other fields
Learning data
(Small volume)
Transfer learning
(Short time)
Learned model
 We are promoting the use of xR (extended reality) technologies such as VR (virtual reality) and AR (augmented reality) to improve our internal operations and product value. We are considering ways to utilize xR technology in various situations, such as during training when under- standing the structure or disassembly of a product is difficult with two-dimensional drawings, as well as offering remote support or instruc- tions. We are currently trialing this technology in the Precision Machinery Business and in the infrastructure systems division of the Fluid Machinery & Systems Business. We will continue to promote the use of xR technology in various fields, such as safety education and practical hazard experience applications, to improve operations, increase efficien- cy, and strengthen the competitiveness of the Group.
xR technology in use
  xR Technology in Business Divisions and Employee Message
 Seiji Miura
EBARA CORPORATION Precision Machinery Company
Equipment Division, Service & Support Department, Training Section and xR Application Development Section
Previously, customers would come to Japan to train on chemical mechanical polishing (CMP) equip- ment, but that was not possible in 2020 due to travel restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, so we switched to online training using videos and e-learning. However, we could not conduct training using actual onsite equipment, so our customers asked us to conduct online training that would be close to real, in-person practical training. To tackle this challenge, we are developing a training program that incorporates VR and AR. Ideally, customers around the world should be able to receive training regardless of language or time differences, so we are also using this program to cultivate local trainers for overseas Group bases.
This new training program is expected to improve work efficiency, shorten the time required to acquire skills, and reduce costs. It has been well-received in the internal evaluation stage, but there are still some issues that need to be resolved, so we plan to release it in 2021. In the future, while giving due consider- ation to safety, we will create programs as part of a new type of training that can be easily utilized by the next generation.
External Collaboration for Human Resource Development
We hold EOI* symposiums and invite experts in academic fields related to our business projects to help further our understanding of the latest technologies and develop human resources, as well as to promote the use of such advancements through external collaboration. * EOI (Ebara Open Innovation): An original open innovation framework that fosters young researchers at outside research institutions by conducting joint research to resolve advanced technological issues
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 46

                      Hiroyuki Kowase
Executive Officer
Division Executive, Information & Communication System Division
The EBARA Group is making extensive use of digital transfor- mation (DX) in order to develop as a global company. Digital transformation is driving corporate culture reform, improving business efficiency, and reshaping structures and business models. We have received a DX Certification from the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI), and are proceeding with the standardization of our information infrastructure and core systems. The EBARA standard template for our core systems has been completed, and the system is being rolled out both within EBARA Corporation and at Group companies.
In response to the drastically changing business environ- ment, our management, business, and IT departments will work in unison to implement ongoing corporate innovation through digital transformation.
Digital Transformation Initiatives
The EBARA Group will achieve the transformation from international management to integrated global management.
Integrated Global Management
Digital Transformation Vision (E-Vision 2030)
Transform products, services, and business models and strengthen S&S by driving digital transformation.
   Visualization of global management information
 Centralized management information and increased transparency
  Implement the PDCA cycle at the global management level
Easy Groupwide KPI comparison
   Standardization of global Group operations
Flexible, versatile, and scalable information systems
  Rapid adoption of best practice Groupwide
Fast response to rapid changes in business and M&A
    Utilize the right people in the right place
Easy migration to shared service centers and BPO
Easily implement external best practice
Significant cost reduction in development and operation of new structures
 E-Plan 2022 Progress and KPIs
         Related Materiality
Measures and KPIs
2022/12 Target
2020/12 Results
2020/12 Achievements
Future Initiatives
          1
2
4
Global deployment of systems centered on ERP
(by 2024)
Integration of global IT infrastructure
Expansion of centralized global systems
Increase of internal IT tools
Determine optimal pilot facilities and deploy systems
in advance
100%
100%
100%
Implemented accord- ing to plan
16%
54%
37%
Although the pilot company was changed due to COVID-19, measures were taken to ensure the overall plan would not be affected
Defined integration policy, established global centralized model, then implement- ed at overseas companies
Started with usage trials and gradually expanded to overseas affiliates
Increased the number of internal IT tools in operation such as robots
(exceeded 2020 plan)
Expand pilot facilities, complete full imple- mentation in FY2024
Implement EBARA Group infrastructure integration, including security and other important measures, at more than 50 bases by the end of FY2021
Plans under way to roll out to 41 overseas Group companies by the end of FY2021, with continued expansion thereafter
Continue to revise workflows and optimize operations through automation
Realization of integrated global management
       47 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
 Resource Strategy
Digital Transformation Strategy
Digital transformation driving corporate innovation.

 Utilizing Digital Transformation in Business
Shortening Design Lead Time and Improving Design Quality through Automation
 The delivery times that customers require are getting shorter. In the Compressors and Turbines Business, where each order is custom designed and manufactured to the customer’s specifications, the value of a product is decided by the speed and quality of the design phase. Automated design is an ini- tiative to resolve the conflict between short design lead time and high design quality.
In conventional design work, the standard method is to reuse relevant parts of similar previously designed products and modify them for the new specifications. However, this method requires the designer to sift through a huge amount of past designs and decide which components to reuse based on their individual expertise, so design quality is inconsistent. This inconsistency leads to delivery delays and unnecessary costs.
With that in mind, we endeavored to develop an optimal design system that would produce the same results as an expert, regardless of individual proficiency.
In the automated design method, the designer inputs basic design specifications using a program that makes calculations based on the customer’s requirements and applicable tech- nologies. Based on the input data, modeling, drawings, and BOM*1 are generated automatically by utilizing the functions of the mechanical and 3D-CAD system.
The basic design program instantly performs technical cal- culations based on the customer’s requirements, such as per- formance and rotor stability calculations, as well as selecting the optimal impeller. This system delivers the final product in the form of basic design specifications, and can also auto- matically generate proposal reports to send to customers.
The 3D-CAD system is a high-end system that supports the parametric design of mechanical systems. In recent years, 3D-CAD systems have become more sophisticated, and can automatically create high-quality 3D modeling data and
drawings. The input data used for the 3D-CAD system is the basic design specification data generated by our basic design program. We have also started developing xR*2 technology using the 3D modeling data obtained from this system. Recently, we have been receiving increased customer requests for 3D modeling data, and we believe that 3D modeling data will be even more important going forward.
The BOM creation system automatically creates BOM data using the same basic design specifications input as the 3D-CAD system.
All technical information (including project design, develop- ment design, production preparation, production technology, production, procurement, logistics, sales, and maintenance data) collected throughout the product lifecycle is managed by the Product Lifecycle Management (PLM)*3 system and aggregated in an engineering chain. This information is the foundation for our product development capabilities and our business competitiveness.
*1. BOM: Bill of Materials, a list of components, basic information, and hierarchical structure required to manufacture a product.
*2. xR: Extended Reality, a generic term for technology that integrates a virtual world with the real world.
*3. PLM: Product Lifecycle Management, a system that aims to improve efficiency and over- all optimization by monitoring the entire lifecycle of a product, from the planning stage to disposal and recycling.
Centrifugal compressor (left) and steam turbine (right) made with the automated design system
The automated design system has successfully reduced the design lead time by 80% compared to ten years ago, and design quality has dramatically improved.
We developed the automated design system entirely in-house, and didn’t use any external resources. We did this so that every member involved would get the same understanding of design work throughout the system development process, since explicit knowledge would be replacing tacit knowledge. I felt that the members gained a deeper understanding of each other, and that we have produced great results as a team.
    Message from a Lead Developer of
the Automated Design System
Masahiro Kashiwai Elliott Ebara Turbomachinery Corporation
Project & Engineering Division
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 48

  Toru Nakayama
Executive Officer
Division Executive, Legal, Internal Control, Risk Management and General Affairs Division
Chairman, Environmental Control Committee
One of the five material issues laid out for the EBARA Group to address in E-Vision 2030, our long-term vision, is conduct- ing comprehensive environmental management, and CO2 reduction is a key factor in our management strategy.
As part of these efforts, we have established the EBARA Group 2030 Environmental Targets. We have established environmental performance targets for CO2, water, and resource recycling. We are also in the process of obtaining ISO 14001 certification for all of our domestic and overseas manufacturing and maintenance bases.
Results of 2020 Environmental Targets
The EBARA Group has been working to achieve the 2020 Environmental Targets over the ten-year period from 2010 to 2020. The 2020 Environmental Targets have 15 goals in three directions: environmental conservation activities in our daily business, contribution to environmental conservation in
The movement towards decarbonization is accelerating, such as with the Japanese government’s announcement of its 46% CO2 emissions reduction goal. In order to achieve busi- ness growth and contribute to decarbonization, the Group will make widespread efforts to shift to low-carbon electricity pro- curement, upgrade facilities with high energy consumption, and introduce more renewable energy sources, especially solar power. Through these efforts, we are steadily working to decouple the scale of business activities from CO2 emissions, aiming to reach our environmental targets.
In addition, E-Vision 2030 sets the goal of reducing CO2 emissions generated from the use of our products by approxi- mately 100 million tons in real terms. We will achieve this goal by developing more energy-efficient products and expanding sales of products that reduce greenhouse gases in semicon- ductor manufacturing, such as gas abatement systems, in addition to other measures. These measures will enable us to contribute to decarbonization through our business.
REFERENCE EBARA Group Environmental Policy https://ebara.co.jp/en/sustainability/environment/information/environmental-policy.html
REFERENCE Environmental Management https://ebara.co.jp/en/sustainability/environment/information/
environmental-management.html
business activities, and efforts for environmental manage- ment. We will continue these efforts in the future as the cornerstone for comprehensive environmental management as stated in our long-term vision, E-Vision 2030.
     49 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
     REFINED ESG-FOCUSED MANAGEMENT—ENVIRONMENT Environmental Initiatives
We are aiming to achieve the 2030 Environmental Targets to realize business growth and contribute
to decarbonization.
        
Summary of 2020 Environmental Target Performance
 Main Targets
 Result
 Main Initiatives
 1. Environmental conservation activities in our daily business
    1 Adherence to voluntary standards
2 Waste recycling rate of 95% or more
p Compliance with water quality standards such as more stringent prefectural standards p Comprehensive understanding of waste risks, thorough waste separation and collection
    3 Continuous reduction of CO2 emissions g
Despite efforts to upgrade facilities and reduce CO2 emissions from purchased electricity, CO2 emissions in 2020 increased from the previous year due to increased business activities; however, CO2 emissions per unit of sale improved
  4 Water usage reduction of 30% from FY2000 level
5 VOC emissions reduction of 30% from FY2000 level
p Preventive measures for water leakage, reuse of raw water in pure water production
p Adoption of low-VOC paints, change from solvent cleaning to steam cleaning, and adoption of powder coating
Conduct environmental audits (environmental risk assessment, compliance with laws and regulations, etc.) for all internal construction projects
    6 Identification and minimization of environmental risks p
2. Contribution to environmental conservation in business activities
    7 Improvement of products’ environmental performance p
8 Management of chemical substances in products p
9 Environmentally conscious procurement p
10 Provision of products designed for use in the global p
warming prevention field
3. Efforts for environmental management
11 Continuous improvement of the environmental p management system
12 Management of environmental risks through auditing p
13 Contribution to biodiversity p
14 Enhancement of environmental information disclosure p
15 Social contribution activities p
Provision of products and services that contribute to product energy conservation and solutions to social issues
Establishment of a method to manage material composition of procurement goods
Management in the Precision Machinery Business compliant with chemSHERPA (scheme for communicating information on chemical substances in products)
Designation and application of the Green Procurement Guidelines
Development of pumps for seawater desalination and high-efficiency chillers Expansion of biomass utilization operations
Unified certification for EBARA CORPORATION in 2017 Standardized quality management system, formats, etc.
Conducted corporate environmental audits for domestic Group companies and on-site audits for overseas Group companies
Conduct Companywide general environmental education and awareness-raising for all employees, and support the creation of headwater forests
Disclosure of environmental information on products through the Ebara Engineering Review, etc. Dissemination of EBARA’s experience and technology through international technical courses
                     REFERENCE Detailed information is available on the EBARA website’s Environmental Targets page. https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/sustainability/environment/information/environmental-goals.html
2030 Environmental Targets
One of the five material issues laid out in E-Vision 2030 is conducting comprehensive environmental management. We will strive to minimize the environmental impact of our
2030 Performance Targets and Future Initiatives
3. Continuously lower water consumption rate
4. Maintain a waste recycling rate of 95% or more
business activities and reduce CO2 emissions, including using as much renewable energy as possible, in order to achieve carbon neutrality.
  2030 Performance Targets
  Future Initiatives
   1. Reduce CO2, Scope 1 & 2 emissions by 26% from FY2018 levels
 • Timely upgrades of facilities with high energy consumption, such as industrial furnaces and transforming equipment
• Pursue electrification and low-carbon procurement of electricity
• Installation of solar power generation equipment
• Utilization of carbon pricing
 2. Reduce CO2 emissions generated from the use of EBARA products by approximately 100 million tons (target based on expected sales in FY2030)
   • Further improvement of energy conservation in products
• Implementation of biomass-related power generation, improvement of power
generation technology
• Expansion in sales of gas abatement systems for semiconductor processing
  • Implementation of measures for industrial water recycling and against water leakage
• Improvement of the recycling rate by thoroughly separating waste and revising waste processing contractors
    Comprehensive Environmental Management at Overseas Group Companies
One part of comprehensive environmental management as laid out in E-Vision 2030 is obtaining ISO 14001 certification for over- seas Group companies. As of January 2021, the number of Group companies that have obtained ISO 14001 certifications is eight*1 in Japan and 17 overseas. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, Shanghai Ebara Precision Machinery and Ebara Engineering Singapore*2 obtained ISO 14001 certifications. We plan to complete ISO 14001 certification for all Group companies with manufacturing and maintenance plants by 2024.
environmental management system of each Group company, we will improve CO2 emissions and other aspects of our envi- ronmental performance, and ensure compliance with environ- mental laws and regulations.
*1. EBARA CORPORATION obtained unified certification for all plants in 2017.
*2. Ebara Engineering Singapore is the first EBARA Group company to obtain integrated ISO
9001, ISO 14001, and ISO 45001 certifications.
By implementing the PDCA cycle based on the
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 50

  REFINED ESG-FOCUSED MANAGEMENT—SOCIAL Social Initiatives
The EBARA Group will strength- en its ties with society through the co-creation of value with its stakeholders.
Targets of E-Vision 2030 and Strategies of E-Plan 2022
Targets of E-Vision 2030
Address E-Vision 2030 Material Issues: 1. Contribute to the creation of a sustainable society, 2. Elevate standards of living and support abundant lifestyles for all, and 4. Promote working environments that encourage challenge
Strategies of E-Plan 2022
Strengthening of Social Ties in Pursuit of Ongoing Business Growth
The EBARA Group CSR Policy defines our commitment to foster trust with our valued stakeholders by conducting our business with a strong sense of ethics. This policy delineates a dedication to creating and delivering social value by creating value with stakeholders for society, industry, and everyday life and supplying safe, reliable products and services through our business activities. We also recognize the importance of contributions to community development, respect for human rights, and other ties with society in our business activities.
REFERENCE Stakeholder Engagement Overview https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/sustainability/think/information/stakeholders.html
Collaborative Value Creation Partnerships with Suppliers
      Procurement Policy
The EBARA Group’s Procurement Policy encourages partner- ships with suppliers of products, materials, and services to pursue the mutual improvement of value through the creation of high-value products and services. In addition, we request that suppliers understand and adhere to the CSR Procurement Guidelines.
REFERENCE Procurement Policy & CSR Procurement Guidelines https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/sustainability/social/information/supply-chain.html
Major Measures under E-Plan 2022
We will promote inter-business synergies through collabora- tion with the S&S divisions of multiple businesses as well as procurement divisions. Thus far, we have implemented vari- ous measures to this end, including the introduction of suppli- er certification systems, the reinforcement of internal systems, and the expansion of system tools, thereby strengthening Groupwide supply chain management. We will continue to advance our current initiatives, while also developing
Dialogue with Shareholders and Other Investors
frameworks for optimizing procurement systems on a global scale and formulating strategies to implement CSR procure- ment during the period of E-Plan 2022.
COVID-19 Pandemic Response Measures and Impacts
Seeking to fulfill its social responsibility as a provider of social and industrial infrastructure, the EBARA Group is committed to preventing the spread of COVID-19 with the health and safety of its stakeholders as its top priority. As part of our response to the pandemic, we set up a response headquar- ters to monitor the status of the entire Group on a weekly basis, and also to confirm the status of operations across the supply chain. Although operations were temporarily halted in certain countries based on government instructions, the impact on the supply chain overall has been minimal, and most EBARA Group business activities are continuing normally. We will continue to closely monitor the status of the supply chain and address concerns about delivery delays and business continuity risks.
   The EBARA Group recognizes the development of long-term trusting relationships with shareholders and other investors as one of its most important management tasks. The EBARA Group appropriately discloses corporate information necessary for share- holders and other investors to make investment decisions and strives to further strengthen its trusting relationships with these stakeholders on a continuous basis by engaging in IR activities for enhancing its corporate value through constructive dialogue.
REFERENCE IR Basic Policy https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/ir/business/information/ir-basic-policy.html 51 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
  
EBARA Group Human Rights Policy
The EBARA Group respects human rights and the diversity of stakeholders as stipulated in the EBARA Group CSR Policy. We have declared our support for and become a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact, and we observe the principles of the International Bill of Human Rights, the International Labour Organization (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, and the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
EBARA Group Human Rights Policy
The EBARA Group Human Rights Policy has been estab- lished as our top commitment both internally and publicly. The EBARA Group Human Rights Policy puts forth three core policies along with corresponding action policies, and respects the International Labour Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and the United Nations’ Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
Core Policies
1. The EBARA Group respects human rights throughout all business activities. a. We respect and support the United Nations International Bill of Human Rights, the Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, and the
International Labour Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental
Principles and Rights at Work.
b.We act in compliance with all local laws and regulations, and respect and
support internationally recognized human rights for all stakeholders when
conducting business activities anywhere in the world.
c. We expect all directors, officers, and employees of the Group, as well as
stakeholders directly linked to the Group’s business operations, prod- ucts, or services, to respect internationally recognized human rights.
2. The EBARA Group conducts human rights due diligence.
d. We conduct a series of procedures to identify, prevent, detect, mitigate, and correct adverse human rights impacts linked to our business activi-
ties, products, or services.
3. The EBARA Group addresses and corrects any adverse human rights impacts of our business activities.
e. We implement mechanisms to enable early response to complaints and
direct remediation.
f. We resolve complaints through dialogue with those affected.
REFERENCE EBARA Group Human Rights Policy https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/sustainability/social/information/respect.html
Human Rights Management System
Review Review
EBARA Group Human Rights Committee
The EBARA Group Human Rights Committee has been established to drive ongoing improvements in human rights frameworks in accordance with the human rights policy. This committee is chaired by the Executive Officer in charge of the Corporate Strategic Planning Division and Human Resources Division while the Executive Officer in charge of the Legal, Internal Control, Risk Management and General Affairs Division serves as its vice chair. In 2020, regular committee meetings were held in February and August. The EBARA Group Human Rights Committee reported its activities at the Sustainability Committee and Board of Directors meetings held in December 2020.
Main Measures of E-Plan 2022 and 2020 Results
• Dialogue with Stakeholders
The chairperson of the EBARA Group Human Rights Committee engaged in dialogue with institutional investors under the theme of human rights and business activities. The institutional investors shared opinions about what they expect from companies in terms of human rights activities.
• Ongoing tracking of human rights risks using existing tools
EBARA Group Human Rights Committee members used human rights assessment check sheets to confirm their understanding of human rights issues under the jurisdiction of the committee.
• Implementation of human rights due diligence
We conducted human rights due diligence using a global engagement survey conducted by the Human Resources Department for domestic and overseas EBARA Group employees. This survey allowed us to identify the level of awareness about human rights held by our global employees.
Human Rights Relief
The internal whistleblowing hotline enables employees to report and receive consultation on issues regarding human rights. Consultations from outside the Company are accepted through the inquiry page on the EBARA website and are handled by the relevant departments.
Future Challenges
Human rights due diligence for employees will continue to be conducted through global engagement surveys. In addition, through dialogue with institutional investors, the EBARA Group Human Rights Committee will deliberate on measures to respond to the challenge of addressing human rights issues within the supply chain.
       Board of Directors Sustainability Committee
Report Report
  EBARA Group Human Rights Committee
Chairperson: Executive Officer in charge of Corporate Strategic Planning and Human Resources
 Secretariat
General manager of Corporate Strategic Planning Department General manager of Risk Management Department
         Human rights issues of all stakeholders
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 52
Advisor
(Outside lawyer)
Head of Internal Whistleblowing Hotline and Consultation Hotline Division
Division heads of Legal, General Affairs, Procurement, and Human Resource Divisions
Heads of Risk Management divisions of each in-house company, heads of Group company management divisions

REFINED ESG-FOCUSED MANAGEMENT—GOVERNANCE
Three-way Discussion with the Chairman of the Board of Directors
More Than a Decade of Corporate Governance Reform and Further Enhancement of Corporate Value
For the EBARA Group, the pursuit of more effective corporate governance never ceases. To look ahead to the future and reflect on the EBARA Group’s steady gains over more than a decade, Sakon Uda, Chairman of the Board of Directors, held a remote conference with Kerrie Waring, the CEO of the International Corporate Governance Network (ICGN), and Ian Burger, the Vice Chair of the ICGN Board of Governors.
Uda: I’d like to begin by recognizing Kerrie for her commit- ment to corporate governance reform in Japan. Thank you. Waring: Thank you very much. I learned so much from the Japanese review of the Corporate Governance Code. Preparing for the FSA Council meetings each month made me think deeply about capital allocation, sustainability report- ing, and so on. In fact, we are also currently reviewing ICGN’s own Global Governance Principles. Reviewing the two Codes at the same time has been hugely beneficial in highlighting national and international priorities, enabling innovations to be shared, inspired by market-led practice and regulatory initiatives. Burger: I am interested in this discussion from two perspec- tives. One, as the vice chair of the ICGN, where good gover- nance is crucial to our purpose, we support and promote good governance across the world. My secondary interest is as
an investor looking at EBARA as an investment target. We have a high level of focus on integrating ESG into our investment process and have done so for the 23 years I’ve been at Newton Investment Management. With our sustainable funds, there’s heightened interest in ESG. My team has power of veto over the inclusion and exclusion of companies within our sustainable funds. And I’m pleased to say that EBARA passes our rather stringent test for sustainability and is a well-liked investment.
Corporate Governance Reform is not Just a Formality
Uda: At present, we are proceeding with corporate governance reforms in a manner consistent with ICGN’s code and other global governance principles, but back in the 2000s, we were facing a crisis as a company. The sense of urgency that we felt at that time has propelled our ongoing evolution ever since. In other words, the executives share a sense of
urgency: if corporate governance is not done well, the company could perish.
The executive team and I share an overarching objective and have been moving forward with the common goal of rais- ing the value of EBARA. In particular, I believe that the transi- tion to a Company with Three Committees in 2015, and the establishment of the Nomination, Compensation, and Audit Committees as internal organizations of the Board, are not just a formality, but truly effective. I can testify that the transi- tion to a Company with Three Committees is very meaningful.
Previously, when EBARA was a Company with a Board of Corporate Auditors, we had a Nomination Committee, which I was a member of. I also served as the chairperson of the Nomination Committee for 4 years after we transitioned to
a Company with Three Committees in 2015. The differences are obvious. In a company with a Board of Corporate Auditors, the Nomination Committee only serves as an advisory body, and was not involved deeply in the selection process of President Maeda, who took office in 2013. In contrast, after we became a Company with Three Committees, the Nomination Committee was deeply involved in the process to select President Asami. It took about two and a half years. It was really clear to me that the requirements and responsibilities were completely different between the old and new systems.
There are two respects where the inclusion of an indepen- dent director’s perspective is especially important to the selection process. Firstly, it helps orient the selection towards what kind of leader is needed for EBARA in the future. In other words, it’s effective to have an outsider in the room discussing what kind of person is needed to steer EBARA moving forward, rather than focusing only on a particular candidate’s past achievements.
 53 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

      Kerrie Waring
Kerrie Waring As the CEO of ICGN, a network led by investors responsible for assets of $59 trillion based in over 45 countries, Kerrie leads ICGN’s work to advance the highest standards of corporate governance and investor stewardship worldwide in pursuit of long-term value creation, contributing to sustainable economies, society, and environment. Over the past decade, she has developed strategies for ICGN to further propel global governance reform, leading to a rapid increase in ICGN members. Kerrie is also a member of the Council of Experts Concerning the Follow-up of Japan’s Stewardship Code and Japan’s Corporate Governance Code.
The second point is that the person who is chosen need not pay undue attention to those who made the selection. In essence, Mr. Asami can do whatever he thinks he should, without fussing over the Nomination Committee members. This is fundamentally different from the traditional Japanese process where the president becomes the chairman, the chairman becomes the advisor, and so on... where your predecessor is always hovering nearby.
Since 2015, EBARA has been continuing its transformation. One of the catalysts has been the evaluation of board effec- tiveness. Although the Board serves a supervisory role, unless we do PDCA or self-evaluation and continually make changes and improvements, the Board won’t function well or maintain the trust of our stakeholders. That’s why we are working very hard on corporate governance reform. I would like to ask you both for your opinions on further reform for EBARA.
Waring: There is no doubt that EBARA not only is an excellent company in Japan, but also meets many global standards of corporate governance. The points you talked about—the effectiveness of the Nomination Committee, the importance of appointing individuals whilst bearing in mind succession planning, your long-term strategy—are really important. The effectiveness and independence of board committees are emphasized in the ICGN’s Global Governance Principles.
We at ICGN always advocate that companies and investors alike have a mutual responsibility to preserve and enhance long-term corporate value, ultimately for the benefit of the economy and society as a whole. It is clear that the efforts of EBARA align with this sentiment.
Burger: From an investor’s perspective, we integrate ESG into our fundamental investment decision-making process, and in this respect EBARA stands out in the Japanese market as a leader in corporate governance. That should not be
underestimated. It’s something that we pay very close atten- tion to. That gave us a significant level of comfort and enabled us to embark on our investment with EBARA back in 2018.
Now, Newton is a long-only active investment manager, and we want to build long-term relationships with the compa- nies we invest in. We don’t want to invest in a company for six months and then leave, so we do a lot of due diligence ahead of investing. After devoting time and resources to analysis, we found the corporate governance journey that EBARA has been on to be very satisfactory, and we like to see that evolving. We aren’t complacent in that we’ve got it all right and perfect now. It has to evolve. It has to develop.
We see that EBARA has been making good strides and progress in sustainability, particularly in reporting of key numbers around environmental, social, and governance factors. That’s becoming more and more of interest to more and more investors. The biggest area of growth at Newton is our sustainable funds, where there’s a greater emphasis on the E, the S and the G. So we see EBARA moving down that route and using the UN Sustainable Development Goals. That’s really very important.
Clarification of Roles and Importance of an Independent Director Serving as Chairman
Burger: If I get into the granularity on the corporate gover- nance side of things, I’d be keen to understand a little bit more around two areas, recognizing the great position that EBARA sits in, not just in the Japanese market, but also in
a wider global context where it rates very well. Firstly, what is the difference between the Chairman of the Company and the Chairman of the Board? How does that relationship work? Next, could you say more about gender diversity and
Ian Burger
In addition to serving as a governor and the Vice Chair of ICGN, Ian Burger is Head of Responsible Investment at London-based Newton Investment Management, which has over £46 billion in assets under management as of March 31, 2021, and incorporates ESG elements such as corporate governance and broader steward- ship throughout the investment process.
Sakon Uda
Serving as an independent director since 2011, Sakon Uda was the lead independent director and Nomination Committee chairperson since the transition to a Company with Three Committees, and he was named Chairman of the Board of Directors in 2019. He is an expert on corporate management strategy and has been involved in many companies and organizations, including Japan Post and Japan’s Nuclear Damage Compensation and Decommissioning Facilitation Corporation. He has remained active in education and is currently Dean, Faculty of Business Administration, Business Breakthrough University, where he also serves as a board director.
 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 54

REFINED ESG-FOCUSED MANAGEMENT—GOVERNANCE
Three-way Discussion with the Chairman of the Board of Directors
  Online meeting
international diversity on the Board, and how you’re develop- ing the pipeline that comes through the executive team and the management team below that?
Uda: To answer your first question, I will explain the difference between the Chairman of the Company and the Chairman of the Board, and I’ll also explain the role of the President.
In 2019, I became Chairman of the Board. Before that, the Chairman of the Company also served as Chairman of the Board. The roles I play as Chairman of the Board include managing the Board and conducting evaluations of Board effectiveness, as well as considering and implementing Board reforms. All of these are my responsibility.
The Chairman of the Company, on the other hand, provides the support I need to fulfill my responsibilities as Chairman of the Board. Because I am an independent director, I’m not always as up-to-date on the latest developments. If I have any questions or problems, the Chairman of the Company provides advice and assistance to me.
Mr. Asami’s role as President differs from that of the Chairman of the Company. As the only executive member of the Board, he is responsible for giving explanations to the Board as the highest-ranking executive officer. He also answers questions and exchanges opinions with the Board on behalf of the executive team. So I think there is clear separation between the executive management and the Board as a monitoring or oversight board.
I strongly believe in the importance of having an independent director as Chairman of the Board. This means that the agenda of the Board is determined from the independent perspective of an independent director. To do this, I myself must understand the issues up for deliberation. This means I have to participate in Management Meetings, the Risk Management Panel, the Sustainability Committee, and other executive committees, though I participate in these meetings as an observer. After Management Meetings, Chairman of the Company Maeda, President Asami and I meet to discuss whether the agenda for the Board meeting is appropriate, whether specific agenda
items should be for resolution, deliberation, or just reporting, who should be called in to brief the Board, the required meeting preparations, and the points that should be discussed.
This requires the Chairman of the Board to be committed to the agenda. As the Chairman, even if you’re an independent director, you can’t run away and say, “I wasn’t aware of that” when there’s a problem. I think this is a very important point.
Challenges of Diversity and Inclusion
Uda: As for diversity, there are still issues to be addressed. Regarding gender diversity in the Board, we have three female independent directors. In terms of nationality, we have Mr. Michael Lordi, an Executive Officer from the U.S. who partici- pates in Management Meetings. He heads a large compressor and turbine operation (Elliott Group Holdings, Inc.), and he also briefs the Board on the status of business execution.
When we think about the future and matters like diversity and inclusion at EBARA, one of the things that EBARA must take to heart is that we still have very few female managers. International diversity is another issue to focus on. There is presently only one international member, Mr. Lordi, among the Executive Officers. A big challenge for EBARA is expanding that further in the future. The Nomination Committee are committed to cultivating the next generation of leaders, and we are also discussing how to broaden gender diversity with women’s representation. In order to increase diversity among the next generation of leaders, bringing in international talent and women, I think it’s important to create an environment where we can nurture a steady succession of individuals. Waring: I find this conversation around diversity very interest- ing. In fact, it is one of the key changes to the ICGN’s Global Governance Principles, where we refer now not only to diver- sity, but also to equity and inclusion. As Ian noted, many investors are very interested in not only how diversity, equity, and inclusion is applied at the board, but throughout the company workforce, too. They are looking at whether a board reflects the views of stakeholders, not only just for female indi- viduals, but for different nationalities, age groups, and so on.
The opening question from Ian (the different roles of EBARA’s leaders) was good. I’ve also been a bit confused as to the different leadership roles on boards in Japan.
Again, one of the changes to the ICGN Global Governance Principles is that we are requesting that boards publicly disclose role descriptions of the chairman and the CEO, so it’s clear for investors to understand the difference between the two functions. I think having this clarity is important and perhaps something you might think about at EBARA.
One of the changes to the Japan Corporate Governance Code was calling for disclosure around the roles of the Nomination, Compensation, and Audit Committees. We
55 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

welcome disclosure around board committees and would encourage Japanese companies to adopt a three-committee system as an optimal governance structure with fully indepen- dent Audit and Compensation Committees and a majority independent Nomination Committee.
It is wonderful to hear about the work that Mr. Uda is lead- ing as a member of the Nomination Committee. Investors will be interested in the key role of the Nomination Committee. I would like to see disclosure of the role of each committee and the issues they were dealing with that year. In particular, a formal and transparent approach to board director appointments is important based on relevant and objective selection criteria, led by an independent Nomination Committee. This helps ensure board refreshment aligned with the company’s long-term strategy, succession planning and diversity policy.
The S of ESG (Social) is an Even
Higher Priority During the COVID-19 Pandemic: Human Rights and Workforce Safety Initiatives
Waring: In ICGN’s Global Governance Principles, we have two new specific social-related principles. One on human rights, requiring that the board is sufficiently informed on how human rights and modern slavery may present material business and reputational risks or compromise corporate value. And the sec- ond key point is around workforce safety, asking if there is trans- parent reporting and disclosure of how a company identifies and prevents workforce safety risks in its operations and supply chain. Burger: COVID-19 has really brought the S of ESG up the agenda quite significantly. And I think that’s not going away. There is a heightened scrutiny of social impact and the ways companies are operating. One of the areas that Kerrie high- lighted, modern slavery, is of particular interest. We’ve seen significant issues and concerns in places like Myanmar and in the Xinjiang region of China, and collected information to see if the companies that we’re invested in are exposed to those regions. And then we take a decision as to whether we, as an investor, want to be involved with companies that are exposed to those regions, and if they are exposed to modern slavery or human rights abuses. Ideally, that exposure doesn’t exist. But we recognize that we live in a global marketplace where it’s very difficult to not be exposed. If there is that exposure, we ask the companies what they’re doing, and where they have that level of exposure, how is that being managed. This kind of reputational issue is very important to address because it’s not just investors as stakeholders that are interested in limiting their exposure to that reputational issue, but it’s also germane from an external regulator’s perspective.
Regarding workforce safety, your safety numbers are top drawer. That key important area of performance is crucial.
Uda: I would like to talk about the current issues and how I approach them as an independent director. Human rights issues are very important, and in an effort to make our position on human rights clearer, we released the EBARA Group Human Rights Policy in 2019. I think it’s important to continu- ously discuss human rights issues and to clarify and disclose our stance. It’s also very important for us to consider ESG through our supply chain. In the Sustainability Committee, we actively discuss the current situation not only for ourselves but also for the entire supply chain. We have been working hard on workforce safety, and serious accidents are extremely rare.
Listening to both of you today, I was able get a better understanding of the importance of these themes. I would like to ensure that the EBARA Group as a whole tackles these issues thoroughly.
Burger: EBARA has continued to implement positive corpo- rate governance reforms over the course of the last few decades. It’s a huge positive that we see cross shareholdings, which investors are very interested in, have shrunk down to zero at EBARA over the course of the last five years.
As investors, what we’re really trying to do from the disclo- sures that a company makes is recognize where there’s “form over substance” or “substance over form.” I’m trying to get an insight into what level of box-ticking there is versus what is actually there in terms of belief in good corporate governance and the corporate value that it holds. EBARA is definitely more of the substance, not just form, and going above and beyond. My interpretation is that EBARA understands that good corporate governance can add value. It provides security and effectiveness.
Uda: I’ve appreciated your feedback and opinions. It’s extremely difficult to suddenly create corporate value in two or three years. Real change takes time. It has been more than a decade since we started our corporate governance reform, and I think the changes we’ve made are significant. I will con- tinue the reforms and keep enhancing EBARA’s corporate value. Thank you very much for your time today.
  EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 56

REFINED ESG-FOCUSED MANAGEMENT—GOVERNANCE Composition of the Board of Directors
To ensure the Board of Directors effectively fulfills its roles and responsibilities, the Company shall make up the Board with directors of sufficient knowledge and experience inside and outside the Company in areas related to business manage- ment. Knowledge and experience important to the Company are defined as the areas of “legal affairs and risk management,” “personnel and human resource development,” “finance,
Basic Policies
accounting, and capital policy,” “auditing,” “management of individual businesses (in the Company),” “corporate manage- ment and management strategy,” “research and develop- ment,” “the environment,” “social,” and “internal controls and corporate governance.” In addition to having appropriate knowledge in all of these areas, the Company appoints nomi- nees for Director positions by specifying areas in which the
Overview of the Board of Directors (As of March 26, 2021)
      The majority of Directors shall be Independent Directors, and the number of Executive Inside Directors shall be minimized.
The members of the Nomination Committee, Compensation Committee, and Audit Committee shall consist solely of Non- Executive Directors, the majority of whom shall be Independent Directors, and the chairperson of each committee shall be an Independent Director.
The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be an Independent Director.
The Board of Directors shall be composed in a manner that takes diversity into account in terms of gender, length of service, and other factors.
    Name
Classification Committee positions
     Corporate Governance System at a Glance (As of March 26, 2021)
Toichi Maeda
Director,
Member of the Nomination Committee
 Non-Executive
 Nomination Committee
   Masao Asami
Director, President and Representative Executive Officer
       Format
Chairman of Board of Directors
Number of Directors
Of whom are Independent Directors
Number of Independent Directors*1
Term of Directors
Ratio of Independent Directors
Company with Three Committees
Independent Director
10
7
7
1 year
Ratio of Non-Executive Directors
Sakon Uda
Independent Director, Chairman of the Board
of Directors,
Member of the Nomination Committee
 Independent
  Nomination Committee
             Hajime Sawabe
Independent Director, Chairperson of the Compensation Committee
 Independent
 Compensation Committee
     Hiroshi Oeda
Lead Independent Director, Chairperson of the Nomination Committee
 Independent
 Nomination Committee
     Inside Directors 3
Directors concurrently serving as Executive Officers 1
70%
90%
Directors not concurrently serving as Executive Officers 9 (Of whom are Independent Directors 7)
Ratio of Directors’ length of service
Ratio of Female Directors
Masahiro Hashimoto
Independent Director, Chairperson of
the Audit Committee
 Independent
 Audit Committee
   Junko Nishiyama
Independent Director, Member of the Compensation Committee
 Independent
 Compensation Committee
   Mie Fujimoto
Independent Director, Member of the Compensation Committee
 Independent
 Compensation Committee
      Female Directors 3
30%
7 years or more 2
5-6 years 1
1-2 years 3
3
2
1
Independent Directors 7
NEW
Hisae Kitayama
Independent Director, Member of
the Audit Committee
  Independent
      Male Directors 7
3-4 years 4
3
2
1
Director,
Member of
the Audit Committee
Audit Committee
  NEW
Akihiko Nagamine
 Non-Executive
 Audit Committee
    Composition of Three Committees
Number of members
Of whom are Independent Directors
Of whom are Inside Directors
3
3
0
Non-Executive Inside Director
Independent Director with notification submitted to Tokyo Stock Exchange
Member of the Nomination Committee
Member of the Compensation Committee
Member of the Audit Committee
 Non-Executive
 Independent
   Nomination Committee
  Compensation Committee
  Audit Committee
   Nomination Committee
 Compensation Committee
 Audit Committee
                       *1. Independent Directors as designated under the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) listing rules.
57 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

   Attendance at Board of Directors’ and committee meetings in FY2020
(Meetings attended / Total meetings)
 Areas in which Directors (Non-Executive Directors) are expected to contribute*2
  Board of Directors
   Nomination Committee
   Compensation Committee
  Audit Committee
  Legal affairs and risk management
   Personnel and human resource development
  Finance, accounting, and capital policy
  Auditing
   Corporate management and management strategy
  Research and development
  The environment
  Social
  Internal controls and corporate governance
    15/15
   13/13
                            March 2021 Assumed Office
        March 2021 Assumed Office
                       March 2021 Assumed Office
     March 2021 Assumed Office
                  Company particularly expects them to contribute.
The Board of Directors appointed in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 is composed of 10 Directors. Of these,
seven are Independent Directors and three are women. The Directors have very diverse backgrounds in terms of gender, global profile, and length of service, and have appropriate
knowledge and experience in ESG management and global business that will contribute to the sustainable enhancement of EBARA’s corporate value.
 REFERENCE Reasons for the selection of individual Directors can be found in the proposal for the election of Directors contained in the Notice of the 156th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/ir/stock/shareholdersmeeting/__icsFiles/afieldfile/2021/03/23/E6361_156r1_1.pdf
  15/15
15/15
14/15
15/15
15/15
15/15
10/10*3
13/13
 —————————
   13/13
7/7
7/7
5/5*3
 17/17
17/17
     *2. The above table does not represent all of the areas in which Directors possess expertise.
*3. Mie Fujimoto was newly appointed to the position of Director and as a member of the Compensation Committee at the 155th Ordinary General Meeting of
Shareholders that took place on March 27, 2020, and the Board of Directors meeting held the same day. Accordingly, her attendance figures pertain to Board of Directors meetings and Compensation Committee meetings held after this date.
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 58

REFINED ESG-FOCUSED MANAGEMENT—GOVERNANCE Board of Directors
(As of March 26, 2021)
Hiroshi Oeda 
Lead Independent Director
Chairperson of the Nomination Committee
Masahiro Hashimoto  Chairperson of the Audit
Committee
Mie Fujimoto  Member of the
Compensation Committee
Sakon Uda  Chairman of the Board of
Directors
Member of the Nomination Committee
Toichi Maeda
Member of the Nomination Committee
Hajime Sawabe  Chairperson of the
Compensation Committee
59 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
 
 Masao Asami
President and Representative Executive Officer
Hisae Kitayama 
Member of the Audit Committee
Junko Nishiyama  Akihiko Nagamine
Member of the Compensation Member of the Audit Committee Committee
 Independent Director
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 60

REFINED ESG-FOCUSED MANAGEMENT—GOVERNANCE Brief Personal Histories of Directors
(As of March 26, 2021)
Toichi Maeda
Masao Asami
Director,
President and Representative Executive Officer
    Director, Member of Committee
Apr. 1981 Apr. 2007 Apr. 2010 Apr. 2011
Jun. 2011 Apr. 2012 Apr. 2013 Jun. 2015 Mar. 2019
the Nomination
Joined the Company
Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Head of Business Unit, Custom Pump Business Unit, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company
Director
President, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company President and Representative Director
President and Representative Executive Officer* Director, Chairman of the Company (to present) Member of the Nomination Committee (to present)
Apr. 1986 Apr. 2010 Apr. 2011
Apr. 2014 Jun. 2015 Apr. 2016 Mar. 2019
Joined the Company
Executive Officer
Division Executive, Sales and Marketing Division,
Precision Machinery Company
Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer*
President, Precision Machinery Company
Director (to present)
President and Representative Executive Officer (to present)
     Sakon Uda
Independent Director, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Member of the Nomination Committee
Hajime Sawabe
Independent Director, Chairperson of the Compensation Committee
  Apr. 1981 Aug. 1989 Feb. 2006 Oct. 2007
May 2010 Jul. 2010 Jun. 2011 Sep. 2012
Apr. 2014
Jun. 2014 Jun. 2015
Jul. 2015 Apr. 2016 Sep. 2016
Jun. 2017 Jul. 2017
Mar. 2019
Joined Nippon Kokan K.K. (currently JFE Holdings, Inc.)
Joined McKinsey & Company
Executive Officer, Japan Post Holdings Co., Ltd.
Senior Managing Executive Officer, Japan Post Holdings Co., Ltd. First Executive Officer, Japan Post Service Co., Ltd.
(currently Japan Post Co., Ltd.)
Professor, Kenichi Ohmae Graduate School of Business (to present) Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, The Tokyo Star Bank, Limited Director (to present)
Counselor, Nuclear Damage Liability Facilitation Fund (currently Nuclear Damage Compensation and Decommissioning Facilitation Corporation) Dean, Faculty of Business Administration Professor, Business Breakthrough University (to present)
Director, Business Breakthrough, Inc. (to present)
Director, Public Utility Fund Japan–North America Medical Exchange Foundation
Chairperson of the Nomination Committee
Lead Independent Director
Vice President, Business Breakthrough University (to present)
Advisor to Tokyo Metropolitan Government
Special advisor to the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Political Reform Headquarters
Member of the Compensation Committee
Executive Director, Public Utility Fund Japan–North America Medical Exchange Foundation (to present)
Chairman of the Board of Directors (to present)
Member of the Nomination Committee (to present)
Apr. 1964 Jun. 1996
Jun. 1998 Jun. 2006 Mar. 2008 Jun. 2008
Jun. 2009 Mar. 2011 Jun. 2011 Oct. 2011 Apr. 2012 Jun. 2012 Jul. 2014 Jun. 2015
Jul. 2018 Apr. 2019 Mar. 2020
Joined Tokyo Denki Kagaku Kogyo K.K. (currently TDK Corporation) Director, Executive Vice President of Recording Device Business, TDK Corporation
President & Representative Director, TDK Corporation
Chairman & Representative Director, TDK Corporation Outside Director, Asahi Glass Co., Ltd. (currently AGC Inc.) Outside Director, TEIJIN LIMITED
Outside Director, Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Outside Director, Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Nikkei Inc. Director, Chairman of the Board & Directors, TDK Corporation Councilor, Waseda University
Executive Advisor, Japan Management Association
Executive Advisor, TDK Corporation
Vice President, Board of Trustees, Waseda University
Outside Director, Japan Display Inc.
Director (to present)
Member of the Compensation Committee
President, Board of Trustees, Waseda University (to present) Adviser of the Executive Board, Value Creation 21 (to present) Chairperson of the Compensation Committee (to present)
* Indicates shikkou-yaku, a Japanese legal term which refers to executive officers who are appointed by the Board of Directors to execute company policy and strategy. The role and legal title of such executive officers are described in the Companies Act of Japan, and as such they bear fiduciary duties to the Company.
61 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

    Hiroshi Oeda
Lead Independent Director, Chairperson of the Nomination Committee
Apr. 1980 Jun. 2009 Apr. 2011 Apr. 2015 Apr. 2017 Jun. 2017
Dec. 2017 Mar. 2018
Jun. 2018 Mar. 2019 Jun. 2019 Mar. 2020 Dec. 2020
Masahiro Hashimoto
Independent Director, Chairperson of the Audit Committee
  Joined Nisshin Flour Milling Inc. (currently Nisshin Seifun Group Inc.) Director, Nisshin Seifun Group Inc.
Director and President, Nisshin Seifun Group Inc.
Member of Management Council, Hitotsubashi University
Director and Executive Advisor, Nisshin Seifun Group Inc. Corporate Special Advisor, Nisshin Seifun Group Inc. (to present) President, Seifun Kaikan Inc. (to present)
Member of the Japanese National Commission for UNESCO Director (to present)
Member of the Nomination Committee
Outside Director, SEKISUI CHEMICAL CO., LTD. (to present) Chairperson of the Nomination Committee (to present) President, Hitotsubashi University Koenkai (to present)
Lead Independent Director (to present)
Vice Chairperson, Japanese National Commission for UNESCO (to present)
Apr. 1972 Nov. 1998 Jul. 1999 Jun. 2001
Jun. 2004 Jun. 2005
Apr. 2014 Jun 2015 Apr. 2016 Mar. 2018
Mar. 2019 Mar. 2021
Joined The Daiwa Bank, Limited (currently Resona Bank, Limited) President, Bank Daiwa Perdania (Indonesia)
General Manager of International Division, The Daiwa Bank, Ltd. Managing Director and General Manager of Financial Department, Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. (currently SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.) Senior Managing Director, Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. Representative Director, President and Chief Operating Officer, Dainippon Screen Mfg Co., Ltd.
Vice Chairman, Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
Senior Advisor (part-time), Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. Industrial promotion advisor, Kumamoto Prefecture (to present) Director (to present)
Member of the Audit Committee
Member of the Compensation Committee
Chairperson of the Audit Committee (to present)
    Junko Nishiyama Independent Director,
Mie Fujimoto Independent Director,
Member of Committee
Apr. 1979 Mar. 2006
Mar. 2007 Jan. 2009
Jan. 2014 Mar. 2015 Mar. 2019
the Compensation
Joined Lion Fat & Oil Co., Ltd. (currently Lion Corporation) Director, Finished Product Department, Purchasing Headquarters, Lion Corporation
Director, Finished Product Purchasing, Production Coordinating Department No. 2, Production Headquarters, Lion Corporation Director, Packaging Engineering Research Laboratories, Research & Development, Headquarters, Lion Corporation Director, CSR Promotion Department, Lion Corporation
Standing Corporate Auditor, Lion Corporation
Advisor, Lion Corporation*
Director (to present)
Member of the Audit Committee
Outside Director, JACCS CO., LTD. (to present)
Outside Auditor, TODA CORPORATION (to present)
Member of the Compensation Committee (to present)
Member of Committee
Apr. 1993
Jun. 2009 Apr. 2015 Jun. 2015
Jun. 2016
Mar. 2019 Mar. 2020
the Compensation
Registered as an attorney (to present)
Joined New Tokyo Sogoh Law Office
Outside Corporate Auditor, Kuraray Co., Ltd.
Joined TMI Associates (to present)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, SEIKAGAKU CORPORATION (to present)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Tokyo Broadcasting System Holdings, Inc. (Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member,
Tokyo Broadcasting System Television, Inc.) (to present)
Outside Director, Kuraray Co., Ltd
Director (to present)
Member of the Compensation Committee (to present)
  Jun. 2019
Jun. 2020
Mar. 2021
*Resigned as of March 31, 2021
    Hisae Kitayama
Independent Director,
Member of the Audit Committee
Akihiko Nagamine
Director,
Member of the Audit Committee
  Oct. 1982 Mar. 1986 May 1999 Jul. 2013 Jun. 2019
Jul. 2019
Jun. 2020 Jul. 2020 Mar. 2021
Joined Asahi Accounting Company (Currently KPMG AZSA LLC) Registered as Certified Public Accountant (to present)
Partner, Asahi Accounting Company (Currently KPMG AZSA LLC) Managing Executive Director, KPMG AZSA LLC
Chairman, Kinki Chapter of Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants (to present)
Deputy Chairman, Japanese Institute of Certified Public Accountants (to present)
Senior Executive Director, KPMG AZSA LLC
Outside Director, Tsubakimoto Chain Co. (to present) Representative, Kitayama Public Accounting Office (to present) Director (to present)
Member of the Audit Committee (to present)
Apr. 1982 Jun. 2006 Jul. 2010
Apr. 2014 Apr. 2015 Jun. 2015
Mar. 2021
Joined EBARA DENSAN LTD.
Director, EBARA DENSAN LTD.
Joined the Company as General Manager, Investment and Affiliates Supervision Department, Finance & Corporate Accounting Division Division Executive, Finance & Accounting Division
Executive Officer
Executive Officer
Responsible for Finance & Accounting, Group Management,
and Internal Control
Director (to present)
Member of the Audit Committee (to present)
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 62

REFINED ESG-FOCUSED MANAGEMENT—GOVERNANCE Corporate Governance
The EBARA Group has established the “EBARA Way,” composed of its Founding Spirit, Corporate Philosophy, and CSR Policy, as the EBARA Group’s identity and set of values to be shared across the Group. Under the “EBARA Way,” the enhancement of corporate value through sustainable business development and sharing the results with all stakeholders, including shareholders, are EBARA’s most important management objectives. To achieve such objectives, we constantly seek the best
Corporate Governance Systems (As of March 26, 2021)
possible corporate governance systems and strive toward further enhancement.
With this in mind, EBARA has adopted the Company with Three Committees structure. Independent Directors serve in important roles and Non-Executive Directors (Directors who do not concurrently serve as Executive Officers), including the Independent Directors, make up a majority of the Board of Directors. The system also incorporates a clear separation of supervision and business execution.
 Supervision
 Independent Directors’ Meeting
Chairperson
General Meeting of Shareholders
  Board of Directors
Chairman
Independent Directors
Inside Directors (non-executive)
Inside Directors (executive)
     Supporting organization for the Board of Directors
Nomination Committee
Chairperson
Compensation Committee
Chairperson
Audit Committee
Chairperson
Audit Committee Office
Audit Department
  Corporate Strategic Planning Department
 Business Execution
Meeting bodies for business execution
     Risk Management Panel
Management Meeting
 President and Representative Executive Officer
Corporate Audit Department
  Sustainability Committee
 Disclosure Committee
 Management Planning Committee
Executive Officers
 Business Operating Organizations
        Independent Directors Inside Directors (non-executive) Inside Directors (executive) Executive Officers
Major Initiatives Taken in the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020
 Amid the uncertainty of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Board of Directors kept a close watch on changes in the business environment in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. Since 2020 marked the first year of the long-term vision and medium-term management plan, the Board of Directors firmly
deliberated and monitored the measures set forth in the plan to ensure their realization. The Board of Directors was able to further enhance its awareness of the Company’s important medium- and long-term management issues and hold more effective discussions.
 Major Items Discussed by the Board of Directors in the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020
• Monitoring of the long-term vision and medium-term management plan
• Set annual management plans and non-financial and financial KPIs for
each business unit
• Monitoring of and follow-up on management plan progress of
individual businesses
(Discussion of issues such as the evaluation of the impact of COVID-19)
• Medium- to long-term financial strategies
• Cross-shareholdings policies
• Evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors and follow-up
63 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

Initiatives for Strengthening Corporate Governance
Around the turn of the century, the Company reacknowledged the importance and necessity of corporate governance systems. Since then, we have been introducing improvements to our governance systems in phases to facilitate the Company’s sustain- able growth and fulfill its social responsibilities. We will continue to improve our governance systems as necessary to achieve further improvements and move them toward the ideal state in which the Board of Directors can fully exercise its functions.
 Evolution of EBARA’s Corporate Governance System
 Pursuit of further transpar- ency and impartiality
  Development of frameworks to improve effectiveness
  Commencement of governance reforms
  Start of corporate governance initiatives
 • Introduction of Executive Officer System
• Reduction of the number of Directors stipulated in the Articles of Incorporation
• Appointment of Independent Directors
• Voluntary establishment of Nomination / Compensation Advisory Committee
• Revision of Directors’ and Executive Officers’ compensation systems
• Transition to the Company with Three Committees format
• Start of annual evaluations of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
• Revision of Directors’ and Executive Officers’ compensation systems
• Appointment of Independent Director as Chairman of the Board of Directors
• Reduction of number of Executive Inside Directors to 1 (President, Representative Executive Officer)
       April 2002–March 2007
April 2015–December 2018
January 2019–
                Company with Board of Company Auditors
April 2007–March 2015
 Company with Board of Company Auditors
06/15:Company with Three Committees
      08/08: Voluntary establishment of Nomination / Compensation
Advisory Committee 02/09: Membership of:
• Nomination Advisory Committee: 2 Inside, 2 Independent
• Compensation Advisory Committee: 2 Inside, 2 Independent
06/15: Establishment of Nomination / Compensation / Audit Committee as statutory committees under the Board of Directors
06/17: Membership of:
• Nomination Committee: 2 Independent, 1 Inside
• Compensation Committee: 3 Independent
• Audit Committee:
3 Independent, 2 Inside
03/21: Membership of:
• Nomination Committee: 2 Independent, 1 Inside
• Compensation Committee: 3 Independent
• Audit Committee:
2 Independent, 1 Inside
* Each committee is chaired by an inde- pendent director.
    President of the Company
06/13:Director, Chairman (Non-Executive Inside Director)
03/19: Independent Director
      05/02: Introduction of Executive Officer System
06/02: Reduction of the number of Directors stipulated in the Articles of Incorporation (35 R 20)
06/05: Reduction of the number of Directors stipulated in the Articles of Incorporation (20 R 12)
06/15: Revision of rules of the Board of Directors to delegate greater
authority to the business executive team
03/19:Reduction of the number of Executive Inside Directors
(3 R 1)
        06/02: 20 06/05: 12
06/08: 12 06/11: 12
06/15: 14 06/17: 13
03/19: 11 03/20: 10
             06/08: 2 06/11: 4
06/15: 7 06/17: 7 (2) (1)
03/20: 7 03/21: 7 (2) (3)
             06/01: 2
06/07: 3
        06/02: Shortening of term of directors from two years to one year
03/08:
• Establishment of standards for evaluating
independence of Independent Directors
• Establishment of basic policies for Directors’
and Executive Officers’ nominations
• Establishment of tenure limit for Directors
and Executive Officers
10/19: Establishment of standards for average Board meeting
attendance and number of concurrent positions at other companies held by Directors
      05/09:
• Establishment of Basic Policy on
Directors’ and Executive Officers’
Compensation
• Abolition of officer retirement benefit system •Introduction of share-based payment
stock options
03/18:
• Abolition of stock option system
• Introduction of restricted stock compen-
sation plan and performance-linked stock compensation plan
    06/15: Abolition of the provision regarding advisors in Articles of Incorporation
    06/16: Start of evaluations of the effective- ness of the Board of Directors
06/17: Addition of individual interviews into procedures for evaluating the effec- tiveness of the Board of Directors
    11/15: Establishment
11/18: Revision (addition of regulations
regarding non-reappointment of President, etc.)
01/21: Revision (The majority of direc- tors are independent directors, and each of the three committees is chaired by an independent director in principle.)
       Governance Organizational format Committees
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Separation of supervision and business execution
Number of Members of the Board of Directors
Directors
Independent Directors (of which, female)
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
Directors’ and Executive Officers’ nomination
Directors’ and Executive Officers’ compensation
Advisors
Evaluation of Board of Directors’ effectiveness
EBARA Corporate Governance Basic Policy
                 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 64

REFINED ESG-FOCUSED MANAGEMENT—GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance
Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
 Since the shift to the Company with Three Committees struc- ture in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, the Board of Directors has been conducting annual evaluations of its effec- tiveness (including that of the Nomination, Compensation, and Audit Committees) and disclosing the results. The pur- pose of these evaluations is to verify how the Board of
Directors contributes to effective corporate governance as well as to identify issues and make improvements. The improvement status of issues identified in the previous year is verified through the annual evaluation. Based on this verifica- tion, the next issues are identified, and the PDCA cycle is implemented to ensure continuous governance reform.
Evaluation of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors in the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020
  Major Questionnaire Items
• Roles and functions of the Board of Directors
• Size and composition of the Board of Directors
• Status of operation of the Board of Directors
• Composition and roles of the three committees
• Status of operation of the three committees
• Support systems for Independent Directors
• Relationships with investors and shareholders
• Self-evaluations
New items were added to the evaluations about response to changes in social conditions and issues surrounding the Company, and the assessment items for the Audit Committee evaluation were expanded and improved. In addition to the annual benchmarking analysis,* new benchmarking was created based on the disclosure materials of four international companies highly regarded for their self-evaluations and disclosing the Board of Directors’ activities. This additional benchmarking was incorporated in order to implement management measures to further improve the Company’s effectiveness evaluations. Finally, a summary was made of the five years since transitioning to the Company with Three Committees structure, including excerpted key points from evaluations that raised awareness and led to needed reforms within the Board of Directors.
* To self-evaluate the Company’s corporate governance system, it is compared annually with both Japanese and international governance standards and guidelines.
Analysis and Evaluation Process
With the assistance of an independent third-party, the Company had each Director complete a questionnaire and then held individual interviews with all of the Directors based on their responses to the questionnaire. These results and the benchmarking analysis results were shared with the Directors and intensively discussed at the Board meeting. In addition, based on the results of the evaluation of effectiveness, all Directors (excluding the Chairman of the Board) evaluated* the Chairman of the Board and deliberated on whether he should continue serving as Chairman in the next fiscal year.
* Since an Independent Director has been serving as Chairman of the Board of Directors since March 2019 onward, the Chairman of the Board is evaluated annually in light of the role’s importance.
Questionnaires and Individual Interviews
Questionnaires are used to identify overarching trends pertaining to important matters concerning the effectiveness of the Board of Directors and the committees, while more in-depth evaluations of particularly important matters are performed through individual interviews.
Summary of the Results of Analysis and Evaluation
In consideration of the survey results, it was confirmed that the Board of Directors and its committees are conducting ade- quate discussions on important issues, are operating appropri- ately, and are making progress in addressing the issues raised in the previous year. Therefore, it was determined that the effectiveness of the Board of Directors is sufficient.
Action to Be Taken
The Board of Directors identified the following items to be dis- cussed on an ongoing basis at Board and committee meet- ings to further enhance the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, in addition to continuing reforms that have already been implemented.
 Major Topics of Individual Interviews
• View of businesses and management (business portfolio transformations, corporate functions)
• View of Board and committee meetings (view of discussions, the Chairman, number of participants, and format of meetings)
• Composition of Independent Directors and succession planning
• Status of the Audit Committee
• Dialogue with capital market actors
 • The Board will continue to select important medium- and long-term material issues, provide opportunities for in-depth discussion, and encourage execution of operations to quickly address issues based on appropriate decision-making. The Board will continue to periodi- cally verify, evaluate, and follow up on the results.
• To maintain the long-term composition and diversity of the Board of Directors, the Board will provide its human resources portfolio and succession plans for Independent Directors based on the discus- sions of the Nomination Committee.
• The Board will discuss its basic approach and push for execution that ensures effective and strategic dialogue with capital market actors and dialogue with media with the capital market in mind.
• Based on the benchmarking analysis, the Board will consider ways to clarify guidelines that are already in place in the Company but are not yet clearly defined.
65 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

Nomination Committee
Members
Reason for appointment of chairperson
Meetings in FY2020
3 (2 Independent Directors 1 Non-Executive Inside Director )
Hiroshi Oeda possesses a wealth of general corporate management experience, and he was appointed as chairperson of the Nomination Committee so that his substantial insight can be utilized.
13
      Six-Year Cultivation and Selection Process
Hiroshi Oeda
Lead Independent Director, Chairperson of the Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee is mainly responsible for deciding on the proposals to be submitted to the General Meeting of Shareholders concerning the appointment and dismissal of Directors, appointment and dismissal of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and committee members, recommenda- tions to the Board of Directors concerning the appointment and dismissal of Executive Officers, and recommendations to the Board of Directors concerning the appointment and dismissal of Directors with special titles and Executive Officers with special titles (the President and the Chairman of the Company), in addition to succession planning for the President and Representative Executive Officer.
Succession Plan for the President and Representative Executive Officer
The establishment and implementation of the succession plan for the President and Representative Executive Officer is one of the most important tasks for the Nomination Committee. The Company’s succession plan has two major characteris- tics. The first characteristic is that this plan is formulated primarily by the Nomination Committee, of which the current President is not a member. The second characteristic is that, when selecting the next President, the Nomination Committee coordinates with the executive team to systematically cultivate candidates and select the successor over an extended period of time. The Nomination Committee is composed of three Non-Executive Directors, including two Independent Directors and the Chairman of the Company. This membership ensures the objective selection of ideal candidates. The Company has a policy stating that excessively long terms should be avoided for members of senior management (the President and the Chairman of the Company) and that individuals in these posi- tions should be changed periodically. The upper limit for the
term of the President is six years. The current President, who was appointed in March 2019, was selected through a process of cultivating, evaluating, and narrowing down candidates that began three years prior.
Cultivation and Selection Process
The Nomination Committee has formulated a new six-year succession plan for selecting the next President, and training on the cultivation and selection process for this plan commenced in 2019.
EBARA’s succession plan begins with searching for candi- dates with the potential to fill the position of President in the future. A development program is then conducted to instill in candidates the basic skills expected of executives. This future manager development program includes discussions with managers from Japan and from overseas, coaching from external specialists on introspective thinking, and other provi- sions designed to cultivate the sense of commitment required of an executive while improving the viability of candidates. During this process, the individuals that will be advanced to the next step are chosen.
The next step of the plan is to have candidates address specific business issues via the management issue resolution program. Candidates who proceed to this stage are placed in positions that take them out of the area in which they have experience or have previously been responsible for through means such as transfer to another division. They are then expected to work to address actual management issues while experiencing various new aspects of business.
The candidates to be submitted for final consideration are selected from among the individuals that have excelled at this step. Candidates for final consideration receive coaching on the mindset and thought processes necessary of the
  2nd Year
    3rd Year
    1st Year
Candidate Search 1*
4th Year
5th-6th Years
Coaching / Selection
Selection of President
    Future Manager Development Program
Selection
Selection
Selection
Selection
Management Issue Resolution Program
  * Images do not represent actual numbers of candidates.
Future Manager Development Program
Selection
Management Issue Resolution Program
 Candidate Search 2*
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 66
 
REFINED ESG-FOCUSED MANAGEMENT—GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance
President from a professional executive coach and are expected to apply what they learn accordingly. Candidates are evaluated during the coaching process, and the results of these evaluations are reported to the Nomination Committee.
The qualities required in the President include perseverance and passion in addition to other qualities expected of executives. Additional requirements are also defined based on the man- agement circumstances at a given time. The final decision of who will become the next President is made by the Nomination Committee based on the degree to which the required qualities are possessed as well as on qualities such as flexibility and growth potential as decided based on the extent to which the candidate grew before and after receiving coaching.
Compensation Committee
Members
Reason for appointment of chairperson
Meetings in FY2020
In 2020, the second year of the President’s six-year succession plan, a medium-term management plan steering committee meeting was held to identify specific management issues and lead reforms. First, the committee examined what was necessary to achieve E-Vision 2030, our long-term vision announced in February 2020, and then formed market-specific teams to plan business development from a market-oriented perspective, one of the key items of the vision. The Nomination Committee was actively involved in the implementation and monitoring of this program. Going forward, advice will be given on initiatives to promote further growth of the program participants, such as rotating participating members, and to cultivate management candidates.
   3 (3 Independent Directors )
Hajime Sawabe possesses an abundance of experience pertaining to general corporate management, is well versed in corporate planning, and has a rich background of serving as an outside director at other listed companies. He was appointed as chairperson of the Compensation Committee so that he can utilize his wide-ranging insight into various industries as he exercises leadership in the development of the Company’s compensation systems.
7
   Hajime Sawabe
Independent Director, Chairperson of the Compensation Committee
The Compensation Committee decides on policies and amounts of compensation for individual Directors and Executive Officers in addition to making recommendations to the Board of Directors concerning officer compensation systems at affiliates and other companies.
Changes to Performance Indicators for Short-Term Performance-Linked Compensation
Previously, we used operating income and operating income ratio as performance indicators (Companywide and by business), but to implement return on invested capital (ROIC) management and achieve the medium-term management plan, we have changed the indicators to consolidated ROIC, consolidated operating profit, and service & support (S&S) revenue. In addition, for individual targets set by Executive Officers other than the President and Representative Executive
Officer, we have established a system to set key performance indicators (KPI) related to core elements of ROIC.
Change in Compensation Structure for Non-Executive Inside Directors
Non-Executive Inside Directors are expected to fulfill their supervisory roles and responsibilities completely independently of business execution. Therefore, the compensation system (basic compensation and restricted stock compensation) has been standardized. Previously, in addition to basic compen- sation and restricted stock compensation, short-term performance-linked compensation and performance-linked stock compensation were paid to Non-Executive Inside Directors. However, starting in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, we have abolished the performance-linked compensation system.
Total Amounts of Compensation for Directors and Executive Officers for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020
— 109 8 102 — — 4 0 8 7 — — — —
841 16 398 14 301 8 (5) 15 77 16 35 1 32
1,105 27 598 16 326 15 (6) 26 124 19 29 1 32
       Position
Total com- pensation (Millions of yen)
Short-term performance-linked compensation
Total compensation by type (Millions of yen)
  Basic compensation
Stock options
RS
PLS
Other
            Recipients
Amount
Recipients
Amount
Recipients
Amount
Recipients
Amount
Recipients
Amount
Recipients
Amount
                           Directors of the Board (excluding Independent Directors)
154
3
98
2
24
3
(1)
3
39
3
(5)
—
             Independent Directors
 Executive Officers
 Total
          67 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

Notes : 1. Compensation shown is the amount of compensation paid to Directors and Executive Officers in office as of December 31, 2020, for the term of office of each Director and Executive Officer for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, and compensation paid to the two Non-Executive Directors who retired at the conclusion of the 155th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on March 27, 2020, and the two Executive Officers, who retired at the conclusion of the meeting of the Board of Directors held on the same day, according to their term of office, which began January 2020 and ended upon resignation.
2. Compensation paid to President and Representative Executive Officer, who concurrently serves as a Director, is included in the Executive Officers compensation column.
3. The amount of compensation paid to Executive Officers includes ¥164 million (basic compensation ¥76 million, short-term performance-linked compensation ¥53 million, and other compensation of ¥33 million) in compensation paid by subsidiaries to Executive Officers that serve concurrently as officers at subsidiaries. 4. The short-term performance-linked compensation of Non-Executive Inside Directors is based on Groupwide performance, and the short-term performance-
linked compensation of Executive Officers is based on both Companywide performance and on an evaluation of the degree of achievement of individual-
specific targets during the fiscal year under review, and amounts are determined individually through deliberation by the Compensation Committee.
5. Short-term performance-linked compensation shown is the total amount of short-term performance linked compensation paid in March 2021 to Directors
and Executive Officers (excluding Independent Directors) in office as of December 31, 2020, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020.
6. The stock option system was abolished in the nine-month period ended December 31, 2017, and a restricted stock compensation (RS) plan and
a performance-linked stock compensation (PLS) plan were introduced in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.
7. No new stock options were issued in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. However, the amount recorded as expenses during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2020, in association with stock options issued in previous fiscal years is listed.
8. Restricted stock compensation shown combines the amount of restricted stock compensation paid in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, and the amount
recorded as expenses during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, in association with restricted stock compensation paid in previous fiscal years. 9. Performance-linked stock compensation shown is the amount of performance-linked stock compensation attributed to the fiscal year under review,
including that paid in May 2020 and that to be paid in May 2023 based on performance finalized in the fiscal year under review.
10. “Other” represents the total amount of compensation to be paid to Michael T. Lordi by a subsidiary in 2023, including ¥27 million of performance-linked
cash compensation and pension contributions of ¥4 million attributable to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020.
Amounts of Compensation for Directors and Executive Officers Receiving Compensation Exceeding ¥100 Million for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020
          Name
Company
Total compen- sation (Millions of yen)
Basic compensation
Short-term perfor- mance-linked compensation
Total compensation by type (Millions of yen)
Stock options
RS
PLS
Other
              President and Representative Executive Officer Masao Asami
Executive Officer Michael T. Lordi
EBARA CORPORATION
118
54
39
(0)
16
9
            EBARA CORPORATION
Elliott Group Holdings, Inc.
— 21 — 19 — — 2 —
106 39 31 — — 3 32
    Notes: 1. Short-term performance-linked compensation shown is the total amount of short-term performance-linked compensation paid in March 2021 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020.
2. No new stock options were issued in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. However, the amount recorded as expenses during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, in association with stock options issued in previous fiscal years is listed.
3. RS shown combines the amount of restricted stock compensation paid in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, and the amount recorded as expens- es during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, in association with restricted stock compensation paid in previous fiscal years.
4. PLS shown is the amount of performance-linked stock compensation finalized in the fiscal year under review, including that paid in May 2020 and that to be paid in May 2023, attributable to the fiscal year under review.
5. “Other” represents the total amount of compensation to be paid to Michael T. Lordi in 2023, including ¥27 million of performance-linked cash compensation and pension contributions of ¥4 million attributable to the current fiscal year.
Composition of Compensation Paid to Directors and Executive Officers (If 100% of the target for performance-linked compensation is achieved)
  90.9%
 9.1%
Independent Directors
Non-Executive Inside Directors (Excluding Independent Directors)
President and Representative Executive Officer
Executive Officers (0.25 stock compensation ratio)
Executive Officers (0.2 stock compensation ratio)
Not performance linked 100%
Not performance linked 82.3%
Not performance linked 59.1%
Not performance linked 59.5%
Not performance linked 60.0%
Restricted stock compensation Short-term performance-linked compensation
Performance linked 17.7%
 57.1%
 25.1%
 14.3%
  Performance linked 40.9%
Performance linked 40.5%
Performance linked 40.0%
3.4%
 45.5%
 13.6%
 27.3%
 13.6%
   47.6%
 11.9%
 28.6%
 11.9%
   50.0%
 10.0%
 30.0%
 10.0%
  Basic compensation
Performance-linked stock compensation
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 68

REFINED ESG-FOCUSED MANAGEMENT—GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance
Audit Committee
   Members
Reason for appointment of chairperson
Meetings in FY2020
3 (2 Independent Directors 1 Non-Executive Inside Director )
Masahiro Hashimoto possesses a wealth of financial knowledge and in-depth knowledge of the international finance field, and he was appointed as Chairperson of the Audit Committee to exercise leadership and utilize his experience in overall corporate management within the Company.
17
       Masahiro Hashimoto
Independent Director, Chairperson of the Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is responsible for conducting audits to assess whether or not Directors, Executive Officers, and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with legal obligations and internal regulations.
In addition, the Audit Committee endeavors to monitor Executive Officers and verify whether they execute their duties in a sound, fair, appropriate, and efficient manner in accor- dance with basic policies for management and medium- and long-term management plans established by the Board of Directors, such as the E-Vision 2030 long-term vision and the E-Plan 2022 medium-term management plan.
Changing the Composition of the Audit Committee and Strengthening Systems that Support the Committee
We are reviewing the audit system to increase the Audit Committee’s independence from business execution and to ensure audit effectiveness throughout the entire Group. Specifically, at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on March 26, 2021, an Independent Director was appointed as chairperson of the Audit Committee and the number of committee members was changed from four to three (two Independent Directors, one Non-Executive Inside Director). In addition, since January 2021, we have increased the number of on-site inspection organizations under the Audit Committee and strengthened collaboration between the Internal Audit Division and subsidiary auditors.
1. A new audit department was established under the Audit Committee in order to strengthen on-site inspection organi- zations under the Audit Committee and to strengthen collaboration with the Internal Audit Division. The head of the Internal Audit Division and its members are concurrently serving in the new audit department (9 members).
2. In order to facilitate closer collaboration between the Audit Committee and the auditors of subsidiaries, the full-time auditors (two auditors) of the Company’s major subsidiaries (Elliott Ebara Turbomachinery Corporation and Ebara Environmental Plant Co., Ltd.) are concurrently placed under the Audit Committee.
3. Due to the importance of monitoring and supervising the
internal control of the Ebara Group, comprising the Company and its subsidiaries, decisions on candidates for auditors of affiliated companies are made only after obtaining the consent of the Audit Committee.
Activities of the Audit Committee
Discussions with Members of Executive Management
Members of the Audit Committee hold regular meetings with the President and Representative Executive Officer and with representatives of business units and corporate divisions to discuss and share recognition and information pertaining man- agement issues and business risks with the executive branch.
Attendance at Important Meetings
Members of the Audit Committee attend meetings of the Management Meeting, the Sustainability Committee, the Risk Management Panel, and other important meetings to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of audits and maintain an accu- rate and up-to-date understanding of relevant information. Advice is also provided to the executive team as necessary.
On-Site Audits
On-site audits are performed at domestic and overseas offices, operating sites, and subsidiaries, and members of the Audit Committee observe audits by the Independent Auditor and internal audit divisions as necessary to confirm that internal control systems are functioning effectively at the Company and across the Group.
Major Areas Assessed by the Audit Committee in
the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020
Annual audit plans define items requiring intensive auditing alongside items audited every fiscal year. Major areas assessed by the Audit Committee in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, include the following.
 • Audit of the execution of duties and legal compliance system of Executive Officers and others
• Key audit matters (KAM) such as the evaluation, selection, and dis- missal of the Independent Auditor
• Development and operation status of the Group’s internal control system in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic
• Appropriateness of accounting preparation for early adoption of new rev- enue recognition standards and other important accounting matters
• Business segment-specific progress on KPIs and other measures of the medium-term management plan E-Plan 2022
69 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

Collaborative Audits by Different Auditing Bodies
Coordination with and Evaluation of the Independent Auditor
Throughout the course of collaboration with the Independent Auditor, the Audit Committee confirms that the Independent Auditor maintains independence and conducts appropriate audits, and receives reports regularly and as needed from the Independent Auditor on the execution of duties. Furthermore, the Audit Committee conducts efficient audits by holding meetings with the Independent Auditor regularly and as need- ed for the mutual exchange of information and opinions.
Based on the judgment of the eligibility, independence, and overall capabilities of the Independent Auditor founded on the results of annual assessments of whether or not to reappoint the Independent Auditor, the Audit Committee proposed the reappointment of Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC as the Independent Auditor for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, and examined the appropriate level of compensation.
Sustainability Promotion Systems
The Board of Directors will establish management policies based on a long-term view of the operating environment so that the Group can implement advanced ESG management, make sustainable contributions to solving social issues including the SDGs through its business, and increase its corporate value by simultaneously improving its social, environmental, and economic value. To promote and realize this, the Sustainability Committee has been established as an executive body to deliberate on policies, strategies, targets, and KPIs for activities that contribute to the sustainability of society, the environment, and the Group, as well as to monitor and review the results of these activities. The purpose of this committee is to discuss sustainability, which encompasses both the realization of a sustainable society and environment along with the enhancement of the Company’s medium- to long-term corporate value. In order to properly
Operational Execution System
Executive Officers are appointed through resolutions by the Board of Directors. Executives are responsible for decisions and duties in the operational execution area assigned to them by the Board of Directors in accordance with the manage- ment policies established by the Board of Directors, such as the E-Vision 2030 long-term vision and the E-Plan 2022 medium-term management plan. In the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, the Company has 14 Executive Officers, all of which are male, with one of them being of non-Japanese nationality. However, the Company is examining the possibility of appointing a female Executive Officer in the future from the perspective of diversity.
Process for the Appointment and Dismissal of Executive Officers
The Nomination Committee deliberates whether Executive Officer candidates selected by the President and
Cross-Shareholdings
Coordination with Internal Audit Division
The Audit Committee coordinates with the Internal Audit Division and divisions responsible for internal control, risk management, and compliance as well as with the auditors of Group companies.
 • Information is exchanged on a regular and as-needed basis, includ- ing the exchange of opinions on the internal audit plan formulated by the Internal Audit Division, and advice is provided to the executive departments as necessary.
• Information is exchanged with the internal control, risk management and compliance division on a regular and as-needed basis, and advice is provided to the executive departments as necessary.
• Group Auditor Conferences are held twice a year and attended by the auditors of subsidiaries. Other attendees include Audit Committee members, the heads of the Internal Audit Division, as well as the heads of the internal control, risk management, compliance, and finance and accounting divisions who meet to share necessary infor- mation and receive business reports from the auditors of subsidiaries.
 oversee sustainability as an important management issue, the Board of Directors encourages Non-Executive Directors to attend Sustainability Committee meetings, and Non-Executive Directors provide advice and other support as necessary. In addition, we have established a system in which the Sustainability Committee reports its deliberations to the Board of Directors, so that the Board of Directors can accurately understand and appropriately supervise the status of such deliberations.
In October 2020, an ESG presentation was held for the second time for institutional investors and securities analysts, with the President and Representative Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Board of Directors speaking at the event. The Chairman of the Board explained the Company’s corporate governance and engaged in dialogue with investors during the question and answer session.
Representative Executive Officer have suitable qualities and capabilities as Executive Officers and presents the results of deliberation to the Board of Directors based on the Executive Officer appointment criteria and appointment procedures for- mulated through discussion by the Nomination Committee and approved by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors makes decisions after receiving the deliberation results from the Nomination Committee.
Furthermore, in the event the performance of an Executive Officer (other than the President, Representative Executive Officer) does not meet the criteria specified in the Company’s regulations, the Nomination Committee will propose to the Board of Directors not to reappoint the current Executive Officer until a specific reason is cited for this lack of performance.
REFERENCE Basic Policy and Framework https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/ir/governance/information/governance-policy.html
    The Company completed the sale of its entire cross-shareholdings (including listed shares in the retirement benefits trust) by June 2020.
 REFERENCE Cross-Shareholdings https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/ir/governance/information/crossshare-holdings.html
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 70
 
  Basic Approach
The EBARA Group systematically identifies and assesses risks that may arise from its business operations and imple- ments measures to minimize negative impacts that may impact the ongoing survival and development of the Group. We are shifting from a system that focused on responding ad hoc to individual risks that emerge in the course of business to a more systematic approach that emphasizes continuous implementation of improvements to the system parallel to enacting risk control measures.
REFERENCE Basic Policy on Risk Management https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/sustainability/governance/information/risk-management.html
Major Risks and Countermeasures
When establishing the E-Vision 2030 long-term vision and the E-Plan 2022 medium-term management plan, the EBARA Group performed analyses of the risks that may occur during the course of its business through a scenario planning approach accounting for medium- to long term changes in social trends and operating environment conditions. In addition, regular risk assessments are carried out Groupwide with regard to changes in the Group’s current risk profile.
Risk assessments, which span all Group companies, examine the possibility of identified risks materializing within the Group, also analyzing their potential degree of impact and the residual risk following countermeasures. The projected risks compiled through assessments are clearly reflected into
Long-Term Fluctuating Risks
• Unexpected losses and reputation damages stemming from a lack of management insight and expertise pertaining to overseas transactions and bases
 Risk Management System
      Risk management information and results of Risk Management Panel assessments reported to the Board of Directors
        Board of Directors
Risk Management Panel
Chairperson: President, Representative Executive Officer
Members: All Executive Officers
         Company
Risk Management Committees
Each business segment prepares countermea- sures for individual sales project risks and for loans and investments risks, and risk manage- ment measures
          Oversees and com- prehensively examines risk management throughout the Group and provides guidance and support for improvements
   Business Continuity Management Subcommittee
  Information Security Subcommittee
 Subsidiaries
the operations of the divisions with which these risks are associated after reevaluating risk response systems through surveys and interviews with the individuals responsible for relevant businesses.
In addition, as part of our risk response system, we have set up a task force headed by the Representative Executive Officer for matters deemed to require a Groupwide response, so that the entire Group can promptly report, communicate, and make decisions.
The major risks for the EBARA Group and the countermea- sures being implemented are shown in the tables below organized by short-term and long-term risks and by market.
• Projection of risks and opportunities and formulation of countermeasures based on diverse, long-term scenario analyses
• Preparation of BCPs and implementation of drills for responding to natural disasters
• Exhaustive Group governance and internal control measures
• Global human resource development programs
• Global human resource recruitment and supply chain optimization
• Translation of expertise into explicit knowledge stored within organizations rather than solely in the minds of people
• Establishment of an information security management system within the Group
• Establishment and application of information security regulations, and implementation of employee education and training
• Creation of security measures for software and devices
     Trends
Risks
Countermeasures
     Global environmental and climate change
Operating environment changes due to phenomena such as the following:
• Changes in economic conditions due to global warming • Intensification of typhoons, forest fires, and other
natural disasters
  Accelerated Globalization
    Shrinking workforce in Japan
•Lack of human resources for continuing manufacturing operations and other supply chain risks
• Product defect risks resulting from an inability to effectively transmit techniques and expertise to new employees
    Information security
• Possible suspension of important operations or services, leakage of confidential or personal information, and destruction or falsification of important data due to such unforeseen circumstances as external cyber-at- tacks, human negligence at the Company or its contractors, natural disasters, or infrastructure failures
        71 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
Specialized Subcommittees
 REFINED ESG-FOCUSED MANAGEMENT—GOVERNANCE Risk Management

Short-Term Volatile Risks
   Trends
Risks
Countermeasures
     Political factors
• Unexpected restrictions and expenses in business activities due to impacts on economic and trade conditions stemming from intensification of trade friction between the United States and China, con- flict in the Middle East, and the United Kingdom’s decision to withdraw from the European Union
    Sudden natural disasters and pandemics
Risks of adverse impacts to lives of employees and others, business continuity, or profit due to the following: • Earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, and other natural
disasters
• Fast-spreading pandemics
  Foreign exchange rate fluctuations
   • Development of global supply chains and value chains accounting for risks
• Pre-assessment and preparation of BCPs by utilizing global network
• Promotion of efficient and flexible work styles
• Implementation measures to combat pandemics
and prevent infection through coordination with industrial physicians
• Appropriate foreign exchange risk hedging measures, including exchange contracts and for- eign currency borrowings
• Highly accurate resource management made possi- ble through confirmation of leading indicators
• Reduction of break-even point through lead time shortening, design and manufacturing automation, and other streamlining measures
• Competitive edge maintenance through differentia- tion of product development, focus on S&S operations, and cost reductions by means of operational streamlining
• Shifting of resources toward global markets
• Ongoing compliance education and internal audits
an incident, the Group is urgently revising its global security levels, strengthening the global security response team, and implementing various measures such as expanding the appli- cation of security tools. As the number and sophistication of cyber-attacks is expected to increase in the future, we will strive to establish a system that will enable us to provide ongoing value to our customers by continuously strengthen- ing our cyber security.
* Ransomware is a malicious program that renders an infected PC unusable by disabling it or encrypting its files, and then demands a “ransom” in exchange for restoration.
Each of our operating sites is working to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in accordance with the policies of the relevant government and region in addition to participating in work- place vaccination schemes where possible. As a provider of products and services to society and industry, we are con- tinuing our business activities to minimize any impact on our customers’ businesses and daily lives.
  • Increased costs as result of foreign exchange rate fluctuations diverging from forecasts
  Risks by Major Markets and Businesses
Rapid impacts on profits due to demand fluctuations stemming from market condition changes or to large movements in prices brought about by monopolies
• Pressure on earnings arising from surplus produc-
tion capacity or other factors attributable to drops
in order volumes or sales prices amid recessions
• Risk of diminished market share due to lack of pro- duction capacity at EBARA and across the supply
chain in times of strong economic conditions
   Trends
Risks
Countermeasures
    Oil and gas markets:
Fluid Machinery & Systems Business (pumps business, compressors and turbines business)
 Semiconductor market: Precision Machinery Business
    Domestic construction equipment market:
Fluid Machinery & Systems Business (pumps business, chillers business)
• Deterioration of earnings following demand reductions and accompanying market contraction after the end of the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games
    Domestic public infrastructure market:
Environmental Plants Business
• Reduced orders attributable to consolidation of public facilities among domestic population decline
• Lack of plant operation staff due to workforce contraction
• Compliance issues, including involvement in government-initiated bid collusion
       Strengthening Cyber Security
In February 2021, an overseas Group company experienced a ransomware* attack. However, we immediately conducted an investigation with experts and implemented recovery mea- sures as well as measures to prevent the spread of damage, and were able to restore operations without any damage to our customers or people outside the company. Information leaks that were recognized after the initial investigation were dealt with on a case-by-case basis, and we have determined that the impact on our customers and people outside the company is limited. In order to prevent the recurrence of such
COVID-19 Preventive Measures
To prevent the spread of COVID-19 and ensure the Group’s business continuity, we have established the COVID-19 Infection Control Headquarters, headed by the President. We are continuously implementing preventive measures and, on a weekly basis, monitoring the status of infections within the Group. We are also practicing new work styles during the pandemic, including working remotely whenever possible.
  EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 72

 Basic Approach
The EBARA Group strives to act as a good corporate citizen that earns the trust of stakeholders. For this reason, the EBARA Way and the EBARA Group Code of Conduct are shared among all employees to form a common identity and set of values. With this as the foundation, it is our basic policy to practice legal compliance along with faithful adherence to internal rules, social norms, and common sense and to act with good intentions and integrity. Our company policies, rules, and regulations relating to risk management, which are based on the principle of spreading compliance awareness, guide us in creating systems for detecting risks and
Priority Strategies and Progress
In line with the Anti-Corruption Program, domestic Group companies worked to re-enforce the promotion of fair and free competition, while overseas Group companies made thorough anti-corruption efforts to increase the number of
 preventing their realization and in establishing comfortable and open workplace environments.
REFERENCE EBARA Group Code of Conduct https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/sustainability/think/information/ebara-identity.html
REFERENCE Compliance System https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/sustainability/governance/information/compliance.html
external reporting offices overseas and expand the anti-cor- ruption e-learning program to all overseas subsidiaries.
• Monitored status of relevant regulations at Group companies and provided guidance
• Introduced comprehensive anti-corruption e-learning programs at 38 overseas Group companies
• Instituted new guidelines at Group companies that incorporated policies for managing third-party entities from the perspective of anti-corruption
• Expanded application of whistleblowing hotlines to overseas Group companies lacking external consultation venues
(Total: 19 companies (2 new))
China: 10 companies (1 new)
Vietnam: 1 company Indonesia: 2 companies Thailand: 2 companies Philippines: 1 company Brazil: 1 company Colombia: 1 company Singapore: 1 company (new)
• Processed 1 report
• Increased the number of EBARA Group Compliance Network (domestic and Chinese subsidiaries) meetings from once to twice a year to strengthen information dissemination and communication throughout the Group
• Conducted training sessions for all employees on the EBARA Way (participation rates of 99.4% at domestic Group companies and 90.3% at overseas Group companies)
        Priority Strategies
Principal Measures
FY2020 Progress
    Implement Anti-Corruption Program across the Group
  Establish frameworks and implement measures for ensuring compliance
Establish overseas EBARA Group hotlines
 Entrench compliance awareness throughout the Group
  Implement ongoing initiatives for improving the capability of Group companies to independently manage and improve compliance and risk mitigation activities
 Enhance compliance liaison member system to provide familiar workplace consultation venues
    Foster comfortable workplace environments founded on respect
for human rights
and diversity
Promote respect for human rights and diversity in workplaces through activities of specialized divisions and compliance liaison members
       Prevent and quickly detect and • address improper activities through • swift response to consultations
Processed 44 reports
Provided training and education to divisions and in-house companies deemed high-risk due to an increasing number of consultation issues
 • Trained 94 compliance liaison members (50 at EBARA CORPORATION, 44 at domestic Group companies)
• Stepped up communication with compliance liaison members
1. Integrated responses to consultation issues (2 in FY2020)
2.Upward trend of resolutions for consultation issues spearheaded by liaison
members
• Unveiled EBARA Group Human Rights Policy and established EBARA Group Human Rights Committee
• Posted human rights-related educational content on Company intranet (regarding Human Rights Week, requests for human rights slogans, educational materials, etc.)
• Continued to participate in Global Compact Network Japan, the Industrial Federation for Human Rights, Tokyo, and other external organizations
  73 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
 REFINED ESG-FOCUSED MANAGEMENT—GOVERNANCE Compliance

Priority Strategies and Progress
Respect for Human Rights
Harassment Prevention Measures
The Company is establishing consultation hotlines and spreading understanding regarding these hotlines and their use in order to foster comfortable workplace environments and to heighten its in-house capacity for addressing issues.
REFERENCE Basic Policy on Respecting Human Rights and Human Rights System https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/sustainability/social/information/respect.html
In Japan, compliance consultation hotlines have been installed at Group companies, and consultations are addressed by the site at which the consultation is received (head office, Group company).
At overseas Group companies, we continue to reinforce overseas EBARA Group hotlines, which are designed to con- tribute to increasing transparency across Group companies, to bolster the internal whistleblowing hotlines of these compa- nies, and to support healthy and autonomous operations.
Consultations are accepted widely, from directors, employees and their families, temporary employees working in our group, and business partners. After consultations are received, investigations are performed by internal compliance divisions, and the appropriate response is taken based on these investigations. Matters pertaining to the operation of consultation hotlines are reported to the Sustainability Committee, which sees participation by Directors, on an annual basis to facilitate appropriate oversight. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, consultations processed through overseas EBARA Group hotlines accounted for 1 out of 44 overall consultations, and 2 out of 49 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019.
43 investigations were completed during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. Of these, there were 10 consulta- tions regarding workplace environment or other issues, 11 consultations regarding inappropriate behavior, 1 consultation regarding fraud and violations, 6 consultations regarding harassment claims, and 15 miscellaneous consultations. Starting in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, investigations that uncover no inappropriate behavior are categorized as “miscellaneous” consultations instead of as “workplace environment or other issues.” This change resulted in an increase in items in the “miscellaneous” category.
Reports Processed through Domestic Compliance Consultation Hotlines in the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020
    Reports processed in FY2020
  New consultations
Consultations continuing from the previous fiscal year
Issues with investigations continuing to next fiscal year
Issues closed in FY2020
44
13
14
43
       Going forward, the Group will continue its efforts to track risk information as promptly as possible and to prevent the occurrence or spread of damages. Particularly, we will focus on internally correcting potential legal violations.
Anti-Corruption
Regular Overseas Anti-Corruption Training
To establish Groupwide participation in the Anti-Corruption Program, we expanded the anti-corruption e-learning pro- gram (originally launched only in high corruption risk regions) to all overseas subsidiaries in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, and will continue to implement the program annually. We provide comprehensive training to those who may be exposed to corruption risks (management and sales divisions), such as those who have contact with public officials overseas. Due to a change in timing, training for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 was completed in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, and as of June 2021, training for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021
is under way.
Anti-Corruption Training Statistics
 Compliance Consultation Hotline Policies
1. Prevent improper activity from occurring
2. Quickly detect improper activity that may have occurred
3. Create comfortable workplace environments
4. Foster internal capabilities for resolving issues
5. Maintain the confidentiality of and protect those who consult
   2019/12 - 2020/12
  2021/12
  Applicable companies
Applicable employees Rate of participation
36 38
 1,946 100.0%*
1,940
Scheduled for completion in July 2021
    * Began in October 2019; 86% participation as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019; completed in September 2020.
REFERENCE Anti-Corruption Policy and Program https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/sustainability/governance/information/anti-corruption.html
Expansion of Overseas EBARA Group Hotlines
The number of companies with access to overseas EBARA Group hotlines increased to 19 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, and we intend to expand the scope of applicable areas and enhance the operational status of these hotlines going forward.
  Number of Overseas EBARA Group Hotlines
Total number of Group
companies with 7 10 15 17 hotline access
19
   2017/3
  2017/12
  2018/12
  2019/12
  2020/12
     EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
74

REFINED ESG-FOCUSED MANAGEMENT—GOVERNANCE Executive Officers
(As of March 26, 2021)
Masao Asami
President and
Representative Executive Officer
* Indicates shikkou-yaku, a Japanese legal term which refers to executive officers who are appointed by the Board of Directors to execute company policy and strategy. The role and legal title of such executive officers are described in the Companies Act of Japan, and as such they bear fiduciary duties to the Company.
Hideki Yamada Executive Officer,
Division Executive,
Custom Pump Division,
Fluid Machinery &
Systems Company,
Chairman, EBARA GREAT PUMPS CO., LTD.,
Chairman, EBARA MACHINERY ZIBO CO., LTD.
      Apr. 1986 Apr. 2010 Apr. 2011
Apr. 2014 Jun. 2015 Apr. 2016 Mar. 2019
Joined the Company
Executive Officer
Division Executive, Sales and Marketing Division,
Precision Machinery Company
Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer*
President, Precision Machinery Company
Director (to present)
President and Representative Executive Officer (to present)
Apr. 1985 Apr. 2008
Apr. 2011
Apr. 2013 Apr. 2015
Apr. 2016 Jan. 2019 Oct. 2019
Jan. 2020 Mar. 2020
Joined the Company
General Manager, Global Sourcing Department, Custom Pump Business Division, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company
General Manager, Procurement Control Department, Custom Pump Business Division, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company
Executive Officer
Deputy Division Executive, China and East Asia Department, Strategy and Technology Management Division, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company
Chairman, EBARA GREAT PUMPS CO., LTD. (to present)
Division Executive, China and East Asia Department, Strategy and Technology Management Division, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company Division Executive, Industrial Pump Division, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company
Managing Executive Officer
Division Executive, Custom Pump Division, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company (to present)
Chairman, EBARA MACHINERY ZIBO CO., LTD. (to present)
Executive Officer* (to present)
  Nobuharu Noji
Executive Officer,
President, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company,
Responsible for Chillers Business, Fluid Machinery &
Systems Company
  Apr. 1984 Apr. 2006 Apr. 2008 Apr. 2011 Apr. 2013
Jun. 2013 Apr. 2014
Jun. 2015
Apr. 2017 Mar. 2018
Mar. 2020
Joined the Company
Division Executive, Components Division, Precision Machinery Company Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officer
Division Executive, Standard Pump Business Division, Operations of Technology and Production, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company Director
Division Executive, Standard Pump Business Division, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company
Managing Executive Officer
Responsible for Chillers Business, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company (to present)
Division Executive, Standard Pump Business Unit, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company
Director
Senior Managing Executive Officer
President, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company (to present)
Executive Officer* (to present)
Akihiro Kida
Executive Officer,
Division Executive, System Business Division, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company
 Apr. 1984 Apr. 2011
Jun. 2016 Apr. 2017
Joined the Company
Executive Officer
Deputy Head of Domestic Sales, Marketing & Service Business Unit, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company
Executive Officer* (to present)
Head of Domestic Sales, Marketing & Service Business Unit,
Fluid Machinery & Systems Company
Division Executive, System Business Division, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company (to present)
  Yoshiaki Okiyama
Executive Officer,
Division Executive, Standard Pump Business Division, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company,
Chairman, Ebara Machinery (China) Co., Ltd.
Michael T. Lordi
Executive Officer,
Responsible for Compressors and Turbines Business, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company, Director and CEO,
Elliott Group Holdings, Inc.,
CEO, Elliott Company
  Apr. 1983 Apr. 2011 Apr. 2017
Mar. 2018
Mar. 2019 Mar. 2020
Joined the Company
Executive Officer
Division Executive, Strategy and Technology Management Division, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company
Executive Officer
Division Executive, Standard Pump Business Division, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company (to present)
Chairman, Ebara Machinery (China) Co., Ltd. (to present)
Managing Executive Officer
Executive Officer* (to present)
Apr. 2016 Jan. 2019 Mar. 2020
COO, Elliott Group Holdings, Inc.
COO, Elliott Company
Director CEO, Elliott Group Holdings, Inc. (to present)
CEO, Elliott Company (to present)
Executive Officer* (to present)
Responsible for Compressors and Turbines Business, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company (to present)
75 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

    Atsuo Ohi
Executive Officer,
President, Environmental Engineering Company,
Chairman and Representative Director of EBARA Environmental Plant Co., Ltd.
Toru Nakayama
Executive Officer,
Division Executive, Legal, Internal Control, Risk Management and General Affairs Division
  Apr. 1981 Apr. 2008 Oct. 2008 Apr. 2010 Apr. 2011
Apr. 2012
Jun. 2012 Apr. 2013 Apr. 2014 Jun. 2015 Mar. 2018
Jan. 2019 Mar. 2020
Joined the Company
Executive Officer
Division Executive, Corporate Strategy Planning Division
Managing Executive Officer
Head of Business Unit, Global Marketing & Sales Business Unit, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company
Vice President, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company, Head of Business Unit, Global Pump Business Unit, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company Director
President, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Senior Managing Executive Officer
President, Environmental Engineering Company (to present)
President and Representative Director of Ebara Environmental Plant Co., Ltd. Chairman and Representative Director of Ebara Environmental Plant Co., Ltd. (to present)
Executive Officer* (to present)
Sep. 2014 Jan. 2018 Mar. 2018
Joined the Company
Division Executive, Internal Control and Risk Management Division Executive Officer* (to present)
Division Executive, Legal, Internal Control, Risk Management and General Affairs Division (to present)
  Shugo Hosoda
Executive Officer,
Division Executive, Finance & Accounting Division
   Tetsuji Togawa
Executive Officer,
President, Precision Machinery Company
Oct. 1993 Apr. 2015 Apr. 2016
Jan. 2018
Jan. 2019 Mar. 2021
Joined the Company
Division Executive, Governance Promotion Department Deputy Vice President, Elliott Group Holdings, Inc.
Deputy Vice President, Elliott Company
Vice President, Elliott Group Holdings, Inc.
Vice President, Elliott Company
Director, Elliott Group Holdings, Inc.
Executive Officer* (to present)
Division Executive, Finance & Accounting Division (to present)
 Apr. 1986 Apr. 2013 Apr. 2014 Mar. 2019
Mar. 2020
Joined the Company
New Business Development Department, Precision Machinery Company Executive Officer
Senior Managing Executive Officer
President, Precision Machinery Company (to present)
Executive Officer* (to present)
    Seiji Katsuoka
Executive Officer,
Division Executive,
Equipment Division,
Precision Machinery Company
Hiroyuki Kowase
Executive Officer,
Division Executive, Information & Communication System Division
  Apr. 1994 Apr. 2009 Apr. 2011 Jun. 2016 Jan. 2020
Joined the Company
Executive Officer
Division Executive, CMP Division, Precision Machinery Company Executive Officer* (to present)
Division Executive, Equipment Division, Precision Machinery Company (to present)
Apr. 2014 Dec. 2015 Jul. 2018
Dec. 2018 Apr. 2019
Mar. 2020
Executive Officer and CIO General Manager, IT Promotion Headquarters, LIXIL Corporation
Senior Managing Executive Officer and CIO General Manager, Information Systems Headquarters, LIXIL Corporation
Deputy Chief Global Information Technology Officer,
Department Director, ICT Strategy & Platform Department, Shiseido Company, Limited
Joined the Company
Division Executive, Information & Communication System Division (to present)
Executive Officer* (to present)
    Shu Nagata
Executive Officer,
Division Executive,
Corporate Strategic Planning and Human Resources Division
Hiroshi Sobukawa
Executive Officer,
Responsible for Technologies, R&D & Intellectual Property Division Executive,
Advanced Technology Division, Precision Machinery Company
  Apr. 1990 Oct. 2008 Apr. 2017
Mar. 2018
Mar. 2019 Jan. 2020
Joined the Company
Managing Director of Ebara Pumps Europe S.p.A
General Manager, Global Sales and Marketing Department, Standard Pump Business Division, Fluid Machinery & Systems Company Executive Officer* (to present)
Division Executive, Corporate Strategic Planning Division
Division Executive, Human Resources Division
Division Executive, Corporate Strategic Planning and Human Resources Division (to present)
Apr. 1987 Apr. 2015
Apr. 2017 Mar. 2019
Joined the Company
Executive Officer
Division Executive, Advanced Technology Division, Precision Machinery Company (to present)
Division Executive of Technologies, R&D Division
Executive Officer* (to present)
Responsible for Technologies, R&D & Intellectual Property (to present)
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 76

CORPORATE DATA
Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Data coverage for financial indicators includes EBARA CORPORATION and consolidated subsidiaries (fiscal year ended March 31, 2015–fiscal year ended December 31, 2019). The occurrence of the irregular nine-month period ended December 31, 2017, is the result of a change in the settlement date used by the Company. The financial figures on pages 77-90 are based on Japanese GAAP (JGAAP)
Financial Indicators
ROIC*1 / ROE*2
(%)
12.0 10.0 8.0 6.0 4.0 2.0
Operating Income / Operating Income to Sales Ratio
      ROIC (JGAAP), a key performance indicator (KPI), was 6.6% for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, exceeding the previous year’s results and plan. With the transition to IFRS, the final year targets of the medium-term management plan E-Plan 2022 have been adjusted accordingly to 7.6% for ROIC (from 8.0%) and to 11.2% or more for ROE (from 11.0% or more).
8.6%
6.4%
(Billions of yen) 40.0
30.0 20.0 10.0
(%) 37.5 8.0
7.2%
6.0 4.0 2.0
       000
  2016/3 2017/3 2017/12 2018/12 2019/12 2020/12 ROIC ROE
2016/3 2017/3 2017/12 2018/12 2019/12 2020/12
Operating income (left scale)
Operating income to sales ratio (right scale)
 Capital Expenditures / Depreciation and Amortization / R&D Expenses Dividends per Share*3
(Billions of yen) (Yen) 40.0 100
/ Total Return Ratio*4
     32.2 80
60
15.9 40 12.5
90
(%) 50.0
40.0 30.0 20.0 10.0
 30.0 20.0 10.0
35.0%
      20 000
    2016/3 2017/3 2017/12 2018/12 Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization
Shareholders’ Equity*5 / Equity Ratio
(Billions of yen) 300.0
200.0 100.0
2019/12 2020/12 2016/3 2017/3 2017/12 2018/12 2019/12 R&D expenses Dividends per share (left scale) Total return ratio (right scale)
Interest-Bearing Debt / Debt-to-Equity Ratio
(%) (Billions of yen) 296.2 60.0 150.0
47.7%
40.0 100.0
20.0 50.0
2020/12
In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, in addition to the introduc- tion of ERP throughout the company, we made aggressive investments for growth, including the construction of a test stand for cryogenic pumps for liquified natural gas (LNG) in the Compressors and Turbines Business and capital investment for the full-scale operation of the auto- mated dry vacuum pump plant in the Precision Machinery Business.
  (Times)
0.60
0.40
0.26 0.20
      0000
2016/3 2017/3 2017/12 2018/12 2019/12 2020/12 2016/3 2017/3 2017/12 2018/12 2019/12 2020/12 Shareholders’ equity (left scale) Equity ratio (right scale) Interest-bearing debt (left scale) Debt-to-equity ratio (right scale)
An equity ratio of 47.7%, the same as the previous fiscal year, was posted in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, indicating ongoing stability.
The operating income to sales ratio was 7.2% in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, exceeding the previous year’s results and plan. This was due to an improvement in the operating income to sales ratio of the Fluid Machinery & Systems Business from 5.3% to 6.3%. Contributing to this result, the Compressors and Turbines Business improved from 5.1% to 7.8%, and the Chillers Business improved from 4.9% to 5.8%.
Our basic policy for shareholder returns is to target a consolidated dividend payout ratio of 35% or more, and a consolidated dividend on equity (DOE) of 2.0% or more.
76.1
  77 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
On December 31, 2020, the debt-to-equity ratio was 0.26 times, lower than the level of 0.3 times–0.5 times (JGAAP) targeted over the period of E-Plan 2022.

Non-Financial Indicators
Ratio of Female New Hires / Ratio of Non-Japanese New Hires*6
Total Recordable Incident Rate*7
  (%)
30.0 25.0 20.0 15.0 10.0
5.0
25.6%
15.4%
4.0 3.0 2.0 1.0
3.13
2020/12
           00
  2016/3 2017/3 2017/12 2018/12 2019/12
Ratio of female new hires Ratio of non-Japanese new hires
CO2 Emissions (Scope 1 and 2)*8
(Thousands of tons) 50
40 30 20 10
2020/12
2018/12
Water Consumption*9
2019/12
 The EBARA Group believes that diversity is essential for innovation and that the employment of human resources with diverse backgrounds will contribute to improved business performance. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Company hired 117 new employees, of which 30, or 25.6%, were women and 18, or 15.4%, were non-Japanese. These figures surpassed the targets for the respective KPIs.
  43
1,000
800
600
400
200
(Thousands of m3) 1,200
1,153
2020/12
                 00
2016/3 2017/3 2017/12 2018/12 2019/12 2020/12
2016/3
2017/3
2017/12
2018/12
2019/12
 To achieve the environmental targets for the period up to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, we upgraded facilities and shifted to lower-CO2 electricity purchasing in order to continuously reduce CO2 emissions, but the total amount of emissions increased due to increased business activities.
Progress on E-Vison 2030 Social and Environmental Value Targets
Reduction of GHG Emissions through Sales of Low-GWP Products (Chillers Business)
2020/12 results: CO2 reduced by the equivalent of 20,600 tons/year
Renewable Waste-to-Energy Generation Volume Handled (Environmental Plants Business)
2020/12 results: 140,163 MWh
   One of the non-financial KPIs in E-Plan 2022 is reduction of GHG emissions through sales of low-GWP products, and the Chillers Business has set a target of a reduction equivalent to 33,000 tons of CO2 per year for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, we expanded the series of turbo chillers with new refrigerants, developed refrigerant retrofit technology, and introduced them to the market.
*1. ROIC: Profit attributable to owners of parent / (Interest-bearing debt (Average between beginning and end of period) + Shareholders’ equity (Average between beginning and end of period)
*2. ROE: Profit attributable to owners of parent / Shareholders’ equity (Average between beginning and end of period)
*3. EBARA conducted a consolidation of common shares at a rate of one share for every five shares with an effective date of October 1, 2016. Figures for dividends
per share have been adjusted based on the assumption that this consolidation was conducted on April 1, 2015.
*4. When the annual dividend of ¥36.00 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (including an interim dividend of ¥6.00), is converted after the consolidation of
shares, it is equivalent to ¥60.00 per share, consisting of an interim dividend of ¥30.00 and a year-end dividend of ¥30.00. Accordingly, the total return ratio is
calculated based on an annual dividend of ¥60.00 per share.
*5. Shareholders’ equity: Total net assets – (Subscription rights to shares + Non-controlling interests)
*6. EBARA CORPORATION (non-consolidated)
*7. EBARA Group (consolidated, in Japan)
*8. Figures are on a consolidated basis combining Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for the Company and domestic Group companies. The base year for emissions
targets is the fiscal year ended March 31, 2001. The Company uses the emissions coefficient of 0.357 kg/kWh prescribed in the Order for Enforcement of the Act
on Promotion of Global Warming Countermeasures in 2000.
*9. Aggregate figures for EBARA and domestic Group companies from the fiscal year ended March 2016 to the fiscal year ended March 2017. Figures include
overseas Group companies from the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017.
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 78
Our goal is to reduce the total recordable incident rate (consolidated, in Japan) to 0.80 or less by 2023. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, we conducted risk surveys, safety culture diagnoses, and had occupational safety consultants analyze industrial accidents at each operating site. We will continue to implement measures such as follow-up systems to prevent recurrence of industrial accidents, risk management, and human resource development for safe work guidance.
As a result of measures against water leakage, reuse of water in the production of pure water, and other initiatives, we have achieved our target of reducing water consumption by 30% from FY2000 levels by the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020.
Environmental Plants Business has set renewable waste-to-energy generation as one of the non-financial KPIs in E-Plan 2022, and has set a target of 130,000 MWh for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, we exceeded the volume target for contracted power as a result of positive municipal responses to our initiatives to generate power locally for local consumption.

CORPORATE DATA
11-Year Financial Summary
EBARA CORPORATION and consolidated subsidiaries (Fiscal year ended March 31, 2011–Fiscal year ended December 31, 2020) The occurrence of the irregular nine-month period ended December 31, 2017, is the result of a change in the settlement date used by the Company.
      Financial Results:
Orders
Net sales
Operating income
Ordinary income
Profit attributable to owners of parent Depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures
R&D expenses
Financial Position*3: Total assets*4
Total net assets Shareholders’ equity*5 Interest-bearing debt Retained earnings
Cash Flows:
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Free cash flow
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
Share Data*6
Number of issued shares (1,000 shares)
Cash dividends (yen and U.S. dollars)
Total return ratio (%)*7
Earnings per share (EPS) (yen and U.S. dollars)*8 Book value per share (BPS) (yen and U.S. dollars) *8
Financial Indicators:
Return on invested capital (ROIC) (%)*9 Return on equity (ROE) (%)*10 Debt-to-equity ratio (times)
Operating income to sales ratio (%) Equity ratio (%)
Overseas sales ratio (%)
Major Non-Financial Indicators:
Number of employees (persons) Number of overseas employees Overseas employee ratio (%)
CO2 emissions (thousands of tons)*11, 12 Material recycling rate (%)*11
Landfill disposal rate (%)
Water consumption (thousands of m3)*11
2011/3
¥430,992 401,675 31,541 28,750 28,191 13,523 8,189 4,066
¥507,898 154,939 151,950 160,412
40,759
¥ 26,604 10,996
(14,096) 37,601 104,002
459,245 ¥ 5.00 7.5 ¥ 66.78 360.01
9.1 20.0 1.06 7.9 29.9 44.1
14,007 6,081 43 42 96.7 2.6 576
2012/3
¥394,921 412,076 23,266 21,086 2,889 12,764 12,316 3,827
¥488,964 154,653 151,060 143,617
41,750
¥ 12,588 (8,837) (19,997)
3,750 87,294
422,899 ¥ 5.00 73.0 ¥ 6.85 357.79
1.0
1.9 0.95 5.6 30.9 44.0
14,695 6,816 46 41 98.6 1.2 574
2013/3
¥428,540 426,302 25,084 25,663 15,303 12,355 12,302 5,025
¥504,576 191,788 186,885 138,914
53,886
¥ 34,014 (33,130)
3,265 883 93,792
465,118 ¥ 5.00 13.9 ¥ 35.93 402.41
4.9
9.1 0.74 5.9 37.0 50.6
15,170 7,264 48 39 98.6 1.2 608
2014/3
¥512,276 448,657 32,194 31,311 18,973 12,117 18,152 6,465
¥530,211 215,048 208,037 119,672
70,629
¥ 26,615 3,540
(25,336) 30,155 102,341
465,187 ¥ 7.50 18.4 ¥ 40.86 448.05
5.8
9.6 0.58 7.2 39.2 52.8
15,168 7,336 48 37 92.6 7.0 628
2015/3
¥487,553 482,699 34,567 36,258 23,580 13,038 15,846 6,754
¥570,392 247,553 239,058 121,500
91,815
¥ 11,296 (15,894) (7,044) (4,597)
95,604
465,644 ¥ 12.00 23.6 ¥ 50.77 514.38
6.9 10.5 0.51 7.2 41.9 53.6
16,030 8,165 51 39 98.7 1.1 555
            *1. The U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for convenience and have been translated at the rate of ¥103.50=US$1, the rate of exchange prevailing on December 30, 2020.
*2. At the 152nd Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 23, 2017, it was resolved to change the Company’s settlement date from March 31 to December 31. As a result, 2017/12 represents an irregular nine-month period aggregating performance from April 1 to December 31, 2017, for EBARA CORPORATION and consolidated subsidiaries that previously had a settlement date of March 31, and from January 1 to December 31, 2017, for consolidated subsidiaries that previously had a settlement date of December 31.
*3. Effective January 1, 2019, the Company adopted “Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting” (Accounting Standards Board of Japan (ASBJ) Statement No. 28, revised on February 16, 2018). Accordingly, figures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, have been restated to reflect the adoption of this standard.
*4. The provisional accounting treatment concerning business combinations implemented in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, was finalized in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, and the finalized details of the provisional accounting treatment have been reflected in total assets for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016.
*5. Shareholders’ equity: Total net assets – (Subscription rights to shares + Non-controlling interests)
79 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

 2016/3 2017/3 2017/12*2 2018/12 2019/12
  2020/12
 ¥491,280 ¥ 477,956 486,235 476,104 38,011 29,995 36,471 28,464 17,254 20,587 11,610 13,739 15,729 22,675 7,632 8,758
¥ 413,569 381,993 18,115 16,529 9,531 11,923 12,386 7,218
¥ 575,576 509,175 32,482 31,281 18,262 15,266 19,364 10,698
¥ 552,225 522,424 35,298 35,571 23,349 15,132 34,364 11,530
 ¥ 511,921
523,727
37,879
36,859
24,473
15,963
32,295
12,514
 ¥579,860 250,444 241,016 120,126 102,446
¥ 588,457 277,509 271,356
96,531 117,883
¥ 612,919 284,788 277,955 114,592 121,321
¥ 591,582 286,778 279,640
79,137 135,715
¥ 595,239 291,827 283,651
80,986 141,675
  ¥ 621,578
304,470
296,232
76,143
156,486
¥ 21,528 (14,344) (9,655)
7,184 91,185
¥ 33,816 (18,563) (15,102)
15,252 90,683
¥ 44,157 (7,906)
11,296
36,250 139,102
¥ 34,610 (15,927) (46,412)
18,682 110,556
¥ 26,720 (24,077) (20,188)
2,643 93,351
 ¥ 64,234
(29,071)
(9,628)
35,163
120,544
 466,044 ¥ 12.00 32.3 ¥ 37.12 518.16
101,736 ¥ 36.00 28.1 ¥ 213.71 2,672.19
101,783 ¥ 45.00 48.0 ¥ 93.84 2,735.94
101,957 ¥ 60.00 60.5 ¥ 179.94 2,795.72
95,129 ¥ 60.00 88.8 ¥ 241.79 2,981.91
  95,391
¥ 90.00
35.0
¥ 256.85
3,106.10
4.8 5.6
7.2 8.0 0.50 0.36 7.8 6.3 41.6 46.1 52.2 52.7
2.5 4.9 6.5
3.5 6.6 8.3 0.41 0.28 0.29 4.7 6.4 6.8 45.3 47.3 47.7 60.1 55.0 55.3
  6.6
8.4
0.26
7.2
47.7
55.0
16,270 16,317 8,438 8,319 52 51 38 52 97.2 98.8 2.3 0.9 631 623
16,219 16,556 17,080 8,343 8,678 9,148 51 52 54 70 116 111 98.0 96.3 97.9 1.6 2.8 1.7 852 992 1,053
  17,480
9,404
54
111
97.5
1.9
1,153
  2020/12
 $4,946,097
5,060,164
365,981
356,126
236,454
154,232
312,029
120,908
 $6,005,585
2,941,739
2,862,145
735,681
1,511,942
 $ 620,618
(280,879)
(93,024)
339,739
1,164,676
 $ 0.870
$ 2.482
30.011
 In order to improve the international comparability of its financial information, the EBARA Group has adopted the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) instead of Japanese GAAP from the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021.
Millions of yen Thousands of U.S. dollars*1
      *6. EBARA CORPORATION conducted a consolidation of common shares at a rate of one share for every five shares with an effective date of October 1, 2016.
*7. When the annual dividend of ¥36.00 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (including an interim dividend of ¥6.00), is converted after the consolidation of
shares, it is equivalent to ¥60.00 per share, consisting of an interim dividend of ¥30.00 and a year-end dividend of ¥30.00. Accordingly, the total return ratio is
calculated based on an annual dividend of ¥60.00 per share.
*8. EPS is based on the average number of shares outstanding (excluding treasury stock) during the fiscal year. BPS is calculated using the number of shares out-
standing (excluding treasury stock) as of the end of the fiscal year.
*9. ROIC: Profit attributable to owners of parent / (Interest-bearing debt (Average between beginning and end of period) + Shareholders’ equity (Average between
beginning and end of period))
*10. ROE: Profit attributable to owners of parent / Shareholders’ equity (Average between beginning and end of period)
*11. Figures are for EBARA and domestic Group companies from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011 to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017. Overseas Group
company results are included starting from the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017.
*12. The emission coefficient for the year 2000 (0.357 kg/kWh) is applied from the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011 to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. The
emission coefficient for electricity providers (published by the Ministry of the Environment and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry) was adopted from
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017.
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 80

CORPORATE DATA
Analysis of Business Results, Financial Position, and Cash Flows
Analysis of Business Results
In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the future of the global economy remained uncertain due to the eco- nomic stagnation caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. In the Japanese economy, capital investment continued to decline amid the severity of the ongoing situation, but pub- lic investment remained strong for restoration and recon- struction related to large-scale natural disasters.
In the building equipment market, one of the Group’s major markets, the COVID-19 pandemic led to the suspen- sion or delay of construction work in some countries and regions. In the oil and gas market, in addition to the impact of COVID-19, there were also project delays and postpone- ments due to falling crude oil prices. On the other hand, in the semiconductor market, despite the trade friction between the U.S. and China, demand was firm and showed signs of recovery.
Net sales for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 increased ¥1.3 billion year on year to ¥523.7 billion. In the Fluid Machinery & Systems Business, sales to the building equipment market decreased, but sales were strong in the Precision Machinery Business, due to increasing demand for semiconductors, resulting in a slight boost to overall sales.
Operating income rose ¥2.5 billion to ¥37.8 billion, main- ly due to higher sales in the Precision Machinery Business, as well as improved product profitability and a reduction in fixed costs at the Fluid Machinery & Systems Business.
Net income attributable to owners of the parent increased by ¥1.1 billion compared to the previous fiscal year to ¥24.4 billion. Increased profit was partly offset by an increase in
Results by Business
Fluid Machinery & Systems Business
Net sales were ¥313.5 billion (down ¥9.5 billion year on year) while operating income rose to ¥19.7 billion (up ¥2.5 billion year on year). Although sales decreased from the previous fis- cal year, the improved profitability of each business and the curbing of fixed costs contributed to overall performance.
Pumps Business
Despite strong sales of petrochemical projects in China and domestic public sector projects, sales and profits decreased due to slow recovery of demand in the building equipment market, which was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Compressors and Turbines Business
Sales decreased in the oil and gas market due to COVID-19, as well as postponement of new investment projects (given the decline in crude oil prices) and restrictions on personnel move- ment, but profits increased on improved product margins and an improved mix of service & support (S&S).
Chillers Business
Demand in the Chinese market is on a recovery track, but severe price competition remains ongoing. Earnings increased mainly due to improved profitability and cost control in the domestic cooling tower business.
non-operating expenses, including foreign exchange losses caused by appreciation of the yen and a decrease in extraordinary income, including gain on sales of investment securities, compared to the previous fiscal year.
 Net Sales
(Billions of yen)
522.4
1.5 128.2
69.5
523.7
1.4
67.5
Operating Income
(Billions of yen)
35.2
0.1 10.3
7.1 7.4
  141.1
-0.5 Environmental Plants Business
37.8
11.4
    323.1
313.5
17.2
19.7
 2019/12
Fluid Machinery & Systems Business Precision Machinery Business Other
Environmental Plants Business
2019/12 2020/12
2020/12
 81 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
Net sales were ¥67.5 billion (down ¥1.9 billion year on year), and operating income was ¥7.1 billion (down ¥0.3 billion year on year).
Both sales and profits decreased due to the break in pro- gress of EPC* projects, which are based on the percentage- of-completion method, but profitability improved due to steady progress in cost reduction measures for long-term comprehen- sive operation and management outsourcing services.
* EPC: Engineering, Procurement, Construction
Precision Machinery Business
Net sales expanded to ¥141.1 billion (up ¥12.8 billion year on year) while operating income rose to ¥11.4 billion (up ¥1.0 bil- lion year on year).
Sales of chemical mechanical polishing (CMP) systems increased with demand for semiconductors, while parts and overhaul sales increased as customers continued to operate their plants at high levels of production. Operating income increased on higher sales, although fixed costs increased from the previous fiscal year due to costs related to the auto- mated dry vacuum pump plant in the Components Business.

Financial Position
Assets
Total assets as of December 31, 2020 amounted to ¥621.5 billion, an increase of ¥26.3 billion compared to the end of the previous fiscal year. Main factors included a decrease of ¥22.4 billion in work in process, which was more than offset by increases of ¥27.9 billion in cash and deposits and ¥11.5 billion in construction in progress. The latter was mainly due to the execution of growth investments, such as the expan- sion of domestic plants in the Precision Machinery Business.
By segment, assets stood at ¥315.8 billion (up ¥2.8 billion year on year) in the Fluid Machinery & Systems Business, ¥53.3 billion (up ¥0.9 billion) in the Environmental Plants Business, ¥150.5 billion (up ¥8.6 billion) in the Precision Machinery Business, and ¥24.1 billion (down ¥3.1 billion) in Others.
Liabilities
Total liabilities as of December 31, 2020 increased by ¥13.6 billion to ¥317.1 billion, mainly due to a ¥22.8 billion increase
in advances received and a ¥10.0 billion increase in bonds payable, while short-term loans payable decreased by ¥22.9 billion compared to the end of the previous fiscal year.
Net Assets
Total net assets as of December 31, 2020 amounted to ¥304.4 billion, a year-on-year increase of ¥12.6. Principal changes included a ¥14.8 billion increase in retained earnings and a ¥3.3 billion decrease in translation adjustments. The ¥14.8 billion increase in retained earnings includes a ¥24.4 billion increase in net income attributable to owners of the parent, a ¥0.5 billion increase due to changes in the scope of consolidation, a ¥4.4 billion decrease in the opening balance due to the application of the Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition, and a ¥5.7 billion decrease in cash dividends paid. Shareholders’ equity stood at ¥296.2 billion, and the equity ratio was 47.7%.
 Assets
(Billions of yen)
595.2
2019/12
Liabilities / Net Assets
Cash and deposits +27.9
Other current assets +0.7
Inventories -18.4
fixed assets +11.3
assets +2.5
621.5
Notes and accounts payable- trade +9.3
Other net assets +1.2
Translation adjustments -3.3
621.5
Notes and accounts receivable- trade +6.5
(Billions of yen)
Liabilities +13.6
Issuance
of bonds Advances +10.0
received +22.8
Net Assets +12.6
  Tangible Intangible
Retained earnings +14.8
  Investments and other assets -4.1
595.2
2019/12
Other liabilities -5.5
  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, net cash pro- vided by operating activities came to ¥64.2 billion (an increase of ¥37.5 billion from the previous fiscal year), supported by strong operating income.
Net cash used in investing activities amounted to ¥29.0 billion (a year-on-year increase of ¥4.9 billion in cash outflow), mainly due to the purchase of fixed assets totaling
¥31.1 billion.
Free cash flow, the sum of cash flows from operating and investing activities, came to ¥35.1 billion, an increase of ¥32.5 billion year on year.
Net cash used in financing activities amounted to ¥9.6 bil- lion for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, a year-on- year decrease of ¥10.5 billion in net outflow. This was primarily due to a net decrease in short-term and long-term loans payable of ¥11.8 billion and cash dividends paid of ¥5.7 billion, despite proceeds from issuance of bonds payable of ¥10.0 billion.
As a result, cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2020 increased by ¥27.1 billion year on year to ¥120.5 billion.
Short-term loans payable -22.9
  Cash Flows
2020/12
2020/12
 Consolidated Cash Flows
(Billions of yen) 75.0
50.0 25.0 0 -25.0 -50.0
2017/12
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from financing activities
64.2
35.1
-9.6 -29.0
       2018/12
2019/12
Cash flows from investing activities
Free cash flow
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 82
2020/12

CORPORATE DATA
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheets
ASSETS
Current Assets
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable–trade Electronically recorded monetary claims Securities
Merchandise and finished goods
Work in process
Raw materials and supplies
Deferred tax assets
Others
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total current assets
Fixed Assets
Tangible fixed assets
Buildings and structures, net Machinery and equipment, net Land
Construction in progress Others, net
Total tangible assets
Intangible assets Goodwill
Software Others
Total intangible assets
Investments and other assets Investment securities Long-term loans receivable Defined benefit asset Deferred tax assets
Others
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total investments and other assets
Total fixed assets
Total Assets
2017/3 2017/12*1
Millions of yen
2018/12*2
110,610 176,895 6,990 1,668 18,082 65,845 38,731 8,309 14,714
(3,308)
438,540
44,269 28,599 19,810
7,558 7,640
107,879
1,148 6,584 2,937
10,670
22,301 153 3,038 4,572 9,623
(5,187)
34,503
153,052
591,592
2019/12
94,014 182,944 9,218 1,097 18,386 70,082 32,633 — 15,659
(2,107)
421,929
56,022 27,960 19,607 13,665
7,642
124,898
774 6,496 3,072
10,343
19,666 144 5,017 9,475 9,205
(5,442)
38,067
173,309
595,239
   2020/12
 121,996
187,289
11,374
1,035
20,333
47,648
34,621
—
16,727
(2,387)
 438,637
 56,342
28,501
19,581
25,204
6,573
 136,202
 369
9,485
3,003
 12,858
 12,766
127
5,181
10,631
10,339
(5,166)
 33,879
 182,940
 621,578
    90,381 202,874 4,511 2,498 12,716 56,569 28,041 11,644 17,419
(3,250)
423,407
46,431 28,974 21,153
5,207 8,364
110,131
2,279 8,275 2,679
13,234
26,202 263 118 2,660 17,237
(4,799)
41,683
165,049
588,457
138,475 169,298 6,021 2,411 15,191 60,993 33,353 10,484 14,954
(3,694)
447,491
47,005 28,632 20,904
5,830 7,853
110,227
1,831 7,370 2,879
12,080
25,226 262 3,202 1,742 17,088
(4,403)
43,120
165,428
612,919
          *1. The occurrence of the irregular nine-month period ended December 31, 2017, is the result of a change in the settlement date used by the Company.
*2. Effective January 1, 2019, the Company adopted “Partial Amendments to Accounting Standard for Tax Effect Accounting” (ASBJ Statement No. 28, revised on
February 16, 2018). Accordingly, figures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, have been restated to reflect the adoption of this standard.
83 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

   2020/12
 60,508
69,230
—
28,056
4,672
40,056
—
7,685
454
3,793
4,089
6,096
—
33,541
 258,185
 20,000
26,666
24
121
—
7,704
2,264
2,141
 58,922
 317,108
 79,451
75,144
156,486
(178)
 310,903
 202
(54)
(6,280)
(8,538)
 (14,671)
 765
7,472
 304,470
 621,578
  2017/3 2017/12*1
Millions of yen
2018/12*2
63,320 62,854 — 46,766 4,598 — — 6,263 344
4,873
5,118 12,374
254 51,782
258,550
10,000 20,730 25 116 — 10,681 2,245 2,464
46,264
304,814
79,066
80,296 135,715
(5,439)
289,639
381
(57) (1,226) (9,096)
(9,999)
1,152 5,985
286,778
591,592
2019/12
60,580 59,847 — 50,965 3,233 — — 6,629 348
3,369
3,658 12,901
— 58,547
260,082
10,000 18,340 504 107 — 9,362 2,401 2,612
43,328
303,411
79,155
74,848 141,675
(174)
295,504
233
(24) (2,891) (9,168)
(11,852)
1,132 7,043
291,827
595,239
 LIABILITIES
Current Liabilities
Notes and accounts payable–trade
Electronically recorded obligations
Current portion of bonds
Short-term loans payable
Income taxes payable
Advances received
Deferred tax liabilities
Bonus payment reserve
Directors’ bonus payment reserve
Reserve for losses on construction completion guarantees
Reserve for product warranties
Reserve for construction losses
Reserve for expenses related to the sales of land
64,155 55,922 — 62,789 4,598 — 3 9,172 314
3,836
3,481 8,666
61,756 57,869 10,000 70,470
1,697 — 0 5,460 250
3,279
4,086 10,038
254 45,529
270,691
10,000 22,161 1,898 122 6,464 11,841 2,214 2,734
57,439
328,131
78,815
81,256 121,321
(431)
280,962
2,564
10 2,628
(8,210)
(3,007)
1,163 5,668
284,788
612,919
 254 Others 41,022
 Total current liabilities
Long-Term Liabilities
Bonds payable
Long-term loans payable
Deferred tax liabilities
Reserve for directors’ retirement benefits Provision for loss on litigation
Defined benefit liability Asset retirement obligations Others
Total long-term liabilities
Total Liabilities
NET ASSETS
Shareholders’ Equity Common stock Capital surplus Retained earnings Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
Net unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities
Deferred gains (losses) on hedges Translation adjustments Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total accumulated other comprehensive income
Subscription Rights to Shares Non-Controlling Interests
Total Net Assets
Total Liabilities and Net Assets
254,217
10,000 21,520 808 153 6,464 12,556 1,969 3,257
56,730
310,948
78,764
81,205 117,883
(425)
277,428
2,692
(1) 745
(9,507)
(6,071)
1,361 4,791
277,509
588,457
           EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 84

CORPORATE DATA
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Income
Net Sales Cost of Sales
Gross Profit
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Sales commission
Packing and transportation
Sales promotion
Provision of allowance for doubtful accounts Personnel expenses
Bonus payment reserve expenses
Directors’ bonus payment reserve expenses Retirement benefit expenses
Provision for directors’ retirement benefits Traveling and transportation expenses Taxes and dues
Depreciation and amortization Amortization of goodwill
R&D expenses Others
Total selling, general and administrative expenses
Operating Income
Non-Operating Income
Interest income
Dividends income
Share of profit of entities accounted for
using equity method Others
Total non-operating income
Non-Operating Expenses
Interest expenses
Share of loss of entities accounted for
using equity method Foreign exchange losses Others
Total non-operating expenses
Ordinary Income
Extraordinary Income
Gain on sales of fixed assets
Gain on sales of investment securities Gain on sales of investments in capital
Total extraordinary income
Extraordinary Loss
Loss on sales of fixed assets
Loss on retirement of fixed assets Impairment loss
Loss on sales of investment securities Loss on valuation of investment securities Loss on valuation of investments in capital Provision for loss on litigation
Others
Total extraordinary loss
Income before Income Taxes
Income Taxes–Current Income Taxes–Deferred
Total Income Taxes
Profit
Profit Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent
2017/3
476,104 350,032
126,072
3,578 5,554 1,781
447 40,584 3,572 280 1,380 30 3,671 3,011 4,188 587 8,758 18,646
96,076
29,995
216 559
796 509
2,082
1,184
—
1,070 1,358
3,613
28,464
409 1,978 289
2,677
25 126 — 56 435 — — —
645
30,497
5,546 3,299
8,845
21,651
1,063
20,587
2017/12*
381,993 285,261
96,732
2,503 4,575 1,620
185 33,847 2,106 233 1,107 25 3,253 2,446 3,656 416 7,218 15,420
78,616
18,115
273 169
— 495
937
1,136 148
49 1,188
2,523
16,529
2,209 1,352 —
3,561
176 269 952
33 103 — — 1
1,537
18,554
6,324 1,908
8,232
10,322
790
9,531
Millions of yen
2018/12 2019/12
509,175 522,424 376,021 385,736
133,154 136,688
3,385 3,817 6,909 6,971 1,510 1,307
616 (227) 43,373 43,664 2,263 2,369 324 345 1,543 2,007 34 34 3,945 3,848 2,931 3,031 4,704 3,967 345 325 10,698 11,530 18,087 18,396
100,672 101,389
32,482 35,298
311 335 752 261
565 749 1,000 1,447
2,629 2,794
1,517 1,444 — —
1,452 657 861 419
3,830 2,521
31,281 35,571
401 374 804 713 — —
1,205 1,087
319 11
827 203 2,627 1,112 0 143 — — 128 0 1,257 — 22 2
5,183 1,473
27,303 35,184
7,148 7,268 468 2,777
7,617 10,045
19,685 25,139
1,423 1,789
18,262 23,349
2020/12
523,727 379,087 144,639
3,280 7,549 1,591
249 47,295 2,930 447 1,741 31 1,876 3,036 4,269 279 12,514 19,666 106,760 37,879
341 40
879
893 2,155
1,162 —
1,190 823 3,175 36,859
44 76 — 121
27 434 244 227 — — — 0 934 36,045 9,325 533 9,859 26,186 1,713 24,473
                           * The occurrence of the irregular nine-month period ended December 31, 2017, is the result of a change in the settlement date used by the Company.
85 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     2017/3
30,497 13,739 —
(1,922) (289)
744 (2,242) (384) (775)
1,184
7,344 (9,136)
3,430 (3,784)
771
39,175
1,181 (1,202) (5,338)
33,816
(21,591) 550
(8,797)
12,086 (2,637)
1,839 (117)
Collection of loans receivable
Others (661)
Millions of yen
2017/12* 2018/12 2019/12
18,554 27,303 35,184 11,923 15,266 15,132
2020/12
36,045 15,963 244
150 — 1,649
(1,671) (16) (382)
1,162
(4,467) 9,024
2,596 12,546
(831) 72,014 680
(1,126)
(7,334) 64,234
(31,172) 93
(693)
2,471 (3,501) 3,713
(32) 54
(3) (29,071)
(10,202) 2,772
(4,426) 10,000 — 0 —
(3) (5,713) (1,276)
— (777)
(9,628)
(246) 25,287 93,351
1,904 120,544
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Income before income taxes Depreciation and amortization Impairment loss
Loss (gain) on sales of securities and investment securities
Loss (gain) on sales of investments in capital Increase (decrease) in reserve
Increase (decrease) in net defined benefit liability Loss (gain) on sales of fixed assets
Interest and dividends income Interest expenses
Decrease (increase) in notes and
accounts receivable–trade Decrease (increase) in inventories Increase (decrease) in notes and
accounts payable–trade
Increase (decrease) in other assets / liabilities Other loss (gain)
Subtotal
Interest and dividends received Interest expenses paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by operating activities
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Purchase of fixed assets
Proceeds from sales of fixed assets
Purchase of securities and investment securities Proceeds from sales and redemption of
securities and investment securities Payments into time deposits
Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits Payments of loans receivable
952
(1,318) —
(2,339) (3,456) (2,032)
(442) 1,136
33,728 (11,403)
(188) 7,634 1,049
53,798
1,133 (1,183) (9,590)
44,157
(12,380) 2,400
(3,523)
5,543 (1,982) 1,906
(19) 108 40
(7,906)
7,083
3,026 (2,078)
10,000 — 0 0
(5) (6,093) (4)
— (631)
11,296
871
48,419
90,683
—
2,627
(803) — 48
(2,571) (81) (1,064)
1,517
(10,674) (14,854)
6,774 15,795 563
39,847
1,064 (1,529) (4,771)
34,610
(18,570) 1,738
(4,578)
5,568 (1,946) 1,902
(155) 167
(54)
(15,927)
(22,498) 689
(2,462) —
(10,000) 0
— (5,008) (4,575) (414)
(1,333) (809)
(46,412)
(1,324)
(29,054)
139,102
507
1,112
(569) —
(3,110) (1,009) (362) (596)
1,444
(8,457) 1,192
(4,963) 373
(258)
35,111
588 (1,429) (7,550)
26,720
(28,040) 540
(3,678)
7,115 (2,055) 2,041
(101) 29 71
(24,077)
1,874
2,585 (2,108)
— — 0 0
(15,004) (5,877) (687)
— (970)
(20,188)
(346)
(17,891)
110,556
686
93,351
     762
 Net cash used in investing activities
Cash Flows from Financing Activities Net increase (decrease) in short-term
loans payable
Proceeds from long-term loans payable Repayment of long-term loans payable Proceeds from issuance of bonds Redemption of bonds
Proceeds from issuance of common stock Proceeds from disposal of treasury shares Purchase of treasury shares
Cash dividends paid
Cash dividends paid to non-controlling interests Payments from changes in ownership
interests in subsidiaries that do not result in
change in scope of consolidation
Others (817)
(18,563)
2,501 14,079
(19,615) —
(22) 0
0 (17) (5,582) (458)
 (5,169)
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents
Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period
Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents Resulting from Change in Scope of Consolidation
Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period
(15,102)
(1,187)
(1,037)
91,185
536
     90,683
139,102
110,556
 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 86

CORPORATE DATA
EBARA Group’s Global Network
(As of December 31, 2020)
          Overseas base
N Fluid Machinery & Systems Business N Environmental Plants Business N Precision Machinery Business
n Sales
r Manufacturing and engineering g S&S
q Other
Europe
East Asia
N  Xian Ebara Precision Machinery Co., Ltd. ng
N  Ebara Machinery (China) Co., Ltd. nrg
N  Elliott Turbomachinery Services (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. g
N  HEFEI EBARA PRECISION MACHINERY CO., LTD. ng N  EBARA MACHINERY ZIBO CO., LTD. nrg
N  Ebara Densan (Qingdao) Technology Co., Ltd. nrg
N  Ebara Densan (Kunshan) Co., Ltd. rg
N  Ebara Great Pumps Co., Ltd. nrg
N  Ebara Qingdao Co., Ltd. nrg
N   EBARA REFRIGERATION EQUIPMENT & SYSTEMS (CHINA)
Co., Ltd. nrg
N  Yantai Ebara Fan Co., Ltd. r
N  Shanghai Ebara Precision Machinery Co., Ltd. ng N  Ebara Precision Machinery Taiwan Incorporated ng N  Ebara-Elliott Service (Taiwan) Co., Ltd. g
N  Ebara-Densan Taiwan Manufacturing Co., Ltd. nrg N  Ebara Fluid Machinery Korea Co., Ltd. ng
N  Elliott Korea Co., Ltd. ng
N  Ebara Precision Machinery Korea Incorporated ng
     N   EBARA PUMPS IBERIA, S.A.
N   Elliott Turbomachinery Limited
N   Elliott Turbomachinery S.A. ng
N   Ebara Precision Machinery Europe GmbH
N   Ebara Pumps Europe S.p.A. nrg
N   Sumoto S.r.l. nrg
N   Ebara Pompy Polska sp. z o.o. n
N   EBARA Pumps RUS Limited Liability Company N   Çiğli Su Teknolojileri A.Ş.* nr
N   Vansan Makina Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş.* nr
N   Vansan Makina Montaj ve Pazarlama A.Ş.* * Acquisition completed April 2021
Africa
N   EBARA PUMPS SOUTH AFRICA (PTY) LTD Middle East & South Asia
N   ELLIOTT GAS Services Saudi Arabia Limited N   EBARA PUMPS SAUDI ARABIA LLC ng N   Elliott Ebara Middle East Maintenance S.P.C N   Ebara Pumps Middle East FZE ng
N   Elliott Ebara Turbomachinery India Pvt. Ltd. Southeast Asia & Oceania
 Ebara (Thailand) Limited ng
Ebara Thermal Systems (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
N   PT. Ebara Indonesia nrg
N   PT. Ebara Turbomachinery Services Indonesia g N   Ebara Vietnam Pump Company Limited nrg N   Ebara Pumps Philippines, Inc. nrg
N   Ebara Pumps Australia Pty. Ltd. ng
N   Ebara Densan (Taiwan) Samoa Mfg. Co., Ltd. q
87 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
nr ng
ng
nr
ng
   N 
N 
N 
NN Ebara Engineering Singapore Pte. Ltd. ng N   Elliott Ebara Singapore Pte. Ltd. ng
ng
ng g
ng
ng
 Ebara Pumps Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. ng

 North America
Ebara America Corporation q
N   Ebara Technologies Incorporated ng
N   EBARA PUMPS AMERICAS CORPORATION ng N   Elliott Company nrg
N   Elliott Overseas Corporation q
N   Elliott Turbomachinery Canada, Inc. g
Latin America
N   Elliott Turbomachinery S.A. de C.V. g
N   Elliott Turbocharger Guatemala, S.A.
N   Ebara Bombas Colombia S.A.S. ng
N   EBARA BOMBAS AMÉRICA DO SUL LTDA. nrg
N   Elliott Ebara Servicos para Equipamentos Rotativos Ltda. ng N   ELLIOTT SERVICE COMPANY S.A. g
N   Ebara Pumps Mexico, S.A. de C.V. ng
N  EBARA CORPORATION (Muroran Office)  q
Hokkaido
N  EBARA CORPORATION
(Hokkaido Branches / Sales Offices): 4 ng
    g
      Tohoku
N  EBARA CORPORATION
(Tohoku Branches / Sales Offices): 8 ng
N EBARA FIELD TECH (Tohoku service locations): 3 ng
Kanto
N  EBARA CORPORATION
(Kanto Branches / Sales Offices): 19 ng
Hokuriku
N  EBARA CORPORATION
(Hokuriku Branches / Sales Offices): 5 ng
Kinki
N  EBARA CORPORATION (Kinki Branches / Sales Offices): 10 ng N EBARA FIELD TECH (Kinki service location): 1 ng
Chugoku / Shikoku
N  EBARA CORPORATION (Chugoku / Shikoku Branches / Sales Offices): 7 ng
N  EBARA FIELD TECH (Chugoku / Shikoku service locations): 2 ng
N  EBARA CORPORATION (Kumamoto District) rg
Kyushu / Okinawa
N EBARA CORPORATION (Kyushu / Okinawa Branches / Sales Offices): 7 ng N EBARA FIELD TECH (Kyushu / Okinawa service locations): 4 ng
  N EBARA DENSAN LTD. nrg N Ebara Byron Jackson Co., Ltd. ng N  EBARA REFRIGERATION EQUIPMENT
& SYSTEMS CO., LTD. nrg
N Total Service Co., Ltd. g
N Ebara Environmental Plant Co., Ltd. nrgq N Swing Corporation* nrgq
Ebara Shonan Sports Center Inc. q
EBARA AGENCY CO., LTD. q
EBARA MEISTER CO., LTD. q
EBARA EARNEST Co., Ltd. q
Ebara Innovation Partners Co., Ltd. q
* Affiliated company accounted for by the equity method
N EBARA CORPORATION (Sodegaura District) nrg N Elliott Ebara Turbomachinery Corporation nrg N E-Square Co., Ltd. q
ECE Co., Ltd. nr
N EBARA CORPORATION (Futtsu District) rg
NNN EBARA CORPORATION (Fujisawa District) nrg N      EBARA FIELD TECH. CORPORATION ng
Chubu
N EBARA CORPORATION (Chubu Branches / Sales Offices): 9 ng N EBARA FIELD TECH (Chubu service locations): 3 ng
N Chubu Recycle Co., Ltd. ng
N EBARA CORPORATION (Suzuka District) rg N EBARA FAN & BLOWER CO., LTD. nrg
             EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 88

CORPORATE DATA
Corporate Profile / Stock Information
(As of December 31, 2020)
Corporate Profile
Company Name: Foundation: Head Office:
URL:
Paid-in Capital:
Number of Employees (Consolidated):
EBARA CORPORATION November 1912
11-1, Haneda Asahi-cho, Ota-ku, Tokyo 144-8510, Japan
Phone: + 81-3-3743-6111
https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/ ¥79,451 million
17,480
Stock Information
Stock Information Securities Code:
Number of Shares Issued:
Number of Shareholders:
Stock Listing:
Number of Shares Constituting One Unit:
Transfer Agent and Registrar:
Accounting Auditor: Major Indices:
Major Shareholders
6361 (Japan) 95,391,453
21,132
Tokyo Stock Exchange
100
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited, 1-4-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8233, Japan
Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC Nikkei 225
  External Recognition Based on ESG Factors
EBARA CORPORATION has been selected for inclusion in several ESG indexes by various domestic and overseas ESG ratings institutions.
Note: THE INCLUSION OF EBARA CORPORATION IN ANY MSCI INDEX, AND THE USE OF MSCI LOGOS, TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS OR INDEX NAMES HEREIN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE A SPONSORSHIP, ENDORSEMENT OR PROMOTION OF EBARA CORPORATION BY MSCI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES. THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES AND LOGOS ARE TRADEMARKS OR SERVICE MARKS OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES.
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account) 11.9 ICHIGO TRUST PTE. LTD. 10.0 Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) 7.7 THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 140042 4.1
NORTHERN TRUST CO. (AVFC) RE SILCHESTER INTERNATIONAL INVESTORS INTERNATIONAL VALUE
EQUITY TRUST 2.4
BNYM AS AGT/CLTS 10 PERCENT 2.2 Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account 7) 2.2 STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY 505103 1.6 JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385781 1.5 NORTHERN TRUST CO. (AVFC)
RE U.S. TAX-EXEMPTED PENSION FUNDS 1.4
Note: Treasury stock has been eliminated from the total number of shares issued in calculating the shareholding ratio.
     Shareholders’ name
Shareholding ratio (%)
                                                           Composition of Shareholders
Securities Companies 2.7%
Foreign Corporations and Individuals 48.2%
Other Domestic Corporations 3.0%
Treasury Stock 0.0%
Individuals and Others 11.6%
Financial Institutions 34.5%
     United Nations Global Compact
The EBARA Group joined the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) on June 30, 2009, and we have continued to exercise and pursue improvement based on the spirit of the UNGC’s Ten Principles thereaf- ter. In this report, we provide information on our initiatives pertaining to the areas of human rights, labour, environment, and anti-corruption.
     89 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021

10-Year Total Shareholder Return Data
  Stock / Index
1 year
3 years
5 years
10 years
EBARA CORPORATION* TOPIX
TOPIX (Machinery)
4.1% -16.6%
7.4% 6.6% 18.0% 6.5%
56.8% 48.6% 77.5%
75.3% 155.7% 160.6%
                               Stock Price Including Dividends and Stock Price Indexes (Closing price on March 31, 2011, indexed to 100)
 300 250 200 150 100
50 0
        2011/3 2012/3 2013/3
2014/3 2015/3
2016/3 2017/3
2017/12 2018/12
2019/12 2020/12
EBARA CORPORATION* TOPIX
Note: The above graph displays total shareholder return reflecting dividends and stock price gains for investments commenced on March 31, 2011, over the period
ending with December 31, 2020. For investment performance accounting for dividends and stock price gains from EBARA CORPORATION, investment amount on March 31, 2011, is indexed to 100. For indexes displayed for comparison (TOPIX and TOPIX (Machinery)), projected dividend data is used and the same indexing method is employed.
* Figures have been restated to reflect a consolidation of common shares at a rate of one share for every five shares conducted with an effective date of October 1, 2016.
Stock Price and Trading Volume
(Yen) (Thousands of shares)
5,000 50,000 4,000 40,000 3,000 30,000 2,000 20,000 1,000 10,000
00
TOPIX (Machinery)
           2017/4 2017/12 2018/12
N Stock price (left scale) N Trading volume (right scale)
Stock price at end of fiscal year 4,295
High 4,725
Low 2,964 Trading volume (millions of shares) 129
Stock-Related Data
Price-earnings ratio (times) 45.8 Price-to-book ratio (times) 1.6 Number of issued shares (thousands of shares) 101,783 Market capitalization at end of fiscal year (millions of yen) 437,159
2019/12
2020/12
3,370 3,570 1,715
117
13.1
1.08 95,391 321,469
 2017/12
2018/12
2019/12
2020/12
2,471 4,745 2,293
133
13.7 0.9 101,957 251,938
3,325 3,500 2,321
127
13.8 1.1 95,129 316,307
   2017/12
2018/12
2019/12
2020/12
 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 90

  11-1, Haneda Asahi-cho, Ota-ku, Tokyo 144-8510, Japan URL: https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/