 RESOURCE STRATEGIES
Human Resource StrategyWe will proactively evaluate the challenges our employees face both within the Group and globally, and aim to be a company where employees feel fulfilled and comfortable in their work.
 Shu Nagata
Executive Officer
Division Executive, Corporate Strategic Planning and Human Resource Division
Human Resource Vision (E-Vision 2030)
Promoting work environments that encourage challenge is one of the material issues in our long-term vision, E-Vision 2030, which illustrates our 10-year vision for the Group and the path to achieve it. In order to develop our business on
a global scale and continue to grow as a company, we need to further strengthen our human resource management global- ly across the Group. To establish a foundation for this growth, the “One EBARA HR” project is being implemented Groupwide.
The COVID-19 pandemic has transformed the way people work around the world. While looking ahead to a changed post-pandemic society, we will promote a corporate culture of competition and challenge. We will proactively evaluate the challenges our employees face both within the Group and globally, and aim to be a company where employees feel ful- filled and comfortable in their work.
REFERENCE Personnel Affairs and Human Resource Development Policy https://www.ebara.co.jp/en/sustainability/social/information/talent-management.html
  Create a corporate culture of competition and challenge by providing safe and stimulating working environments where diverse employees can engage in meaningful work and utilize their full potential.
E-Plan 2022 Progress and KPIs
Global expansion of 100% 10% the role grading system
Global expansion of 50% 0% the performance evaluation system
Global expansion of
the succession program system 100% 1%
Reduction of total recordable
incident rate (TRIR) 2023:
(by 2023) 0.80 3.13
Global
Consolidated, in Japan
Although there was a slight delay from the ini- tial plan, we made progress in explaining and preparing for the introduction of each system and program in Group companies, and com- pleted implementation of the role grading sys- tem at Group companies in Italy and Vietnam
Occupational safety consultants conducted risk surveys, safety culture diagnoses, and occupational accident analyses at each business site
In 2021, 12 Group companies are in the process of introducing the system, aiming for a 50% adoption rate in role grading and succession systems; the goal is to implement the systems in the remaining 50% in 2022 to reach 100%
Implement measures to foster a culture of safety, including a follow-up system to prevent recurrence of industrial accidents, risk management, and human resource development for work safety leadership
Plan, implement, and expand a telework system that increases productivity; promote health and stress management; and encourage the use of paid leave
Conduct training for young female employees to improve their skills at an early stage and increase the number of female candidates for key positions
Secure a diverse workforce by hiring by job category and creating an environment where people can utilize their majors and take on their preferred challenges
Each department will formulate an action plan based on survey results and work toward improvement
Provide both face-to-face and online hybrid training opportunities
Implement Groupwide early selection and training of talent globally, and undertake systematic personnel measures for 2030
         Related Materiality
Measures and KPIs
2022/12 Targets
2020/12 Results
Scope
2020/12 Achievements
Future Initiatives
        Establishing a foundation to achieve sustainable global growth
        Transform into a Group with a corporate culture of competition and challenge4
Reduce total average work hours
Promote diversity by increasing the percentage of female candidates for key positions*
Promote diversity by increasing
the percentage of female new hires
Promote diversity by increasing the percentage of non-Japanese new hires
Improve global engagement survey score
Continue investing in human resource development (training costs per person)
Increase the ratio of local employees in global key positions at overseas operating sites
(by 2030)
1,920 1,977 hours hours
6.8% 6.5%
30% 21.2% 25% 12.2%
83 78
¥29,897 ¥23,639
2030: 20% 50%
Increased from 2019 due to factors such as reduced use of paid leave as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic
Career introduction by senior employees, dispatch to external training programs, and roundtable discussions held for employees on childcare leave
Steadily increased the number of female and non-Japanese new hires through various recruitment methods such as alumni and referral systems
Efforts were made to improve communication, including increasing the frequency of messages from management; a number of items improved over time due to COVID-19 measures
To prevent the spread of COVID-19, scheduled in-person training sessions were postponed and most training sessions were moved online
Explained KPIs to the human resource departments of overseas Group companies at global HR meetings
   EBARA CORPORATION
Global
EBARA CORPORATION
Global
              * Key position: employee positions equivalent to managers
41 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
 Human Capital Strategies and Measures
Strengthen Groupwide Human Resource Management
To realize our international business development goals in E-Vision 2030, we believe that we must accelerate the local- ization of the human resources that hold global key positions in the Group’s business. In order to continuously nurture human resources capable of succeeding in these positions, we must promptly select and train excellent human resources throughout the Group.
To achieve these objectives, we have been working on the One EBARA HR project since the fiscal year ended December
Efforts to Change Corporate Culture
In order to realize a corporate culture of competition and chal- lenge, we reformed our personnel system, first with key posi- tions in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, and then with unionized positions in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. Organizations were expanded and flattened, and a shift was made from the previous seniority-based system to
a role grading system.
In the past, the earliest an employee in a unionized position
could be promoted to a key position was after their
Initiatives for Human Resource Development
In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, some training sessions were postponed and most were held online in order to prevent the spread of COVID-19. Online training has the advantage of being location-independent, and we will continue to use a combination of face-to-face and online training.
For the first time, in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, research project training will be conducted in collabora- tion with the Graduate School of Project Design, with the aim
31, 2019 to strengthen human resource management across the entire Group. The project sets a timeline for the implemen- tation of nine HR measures to be completed by the next mid- term management plan at all Group companies. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the introduction of the role grading system was completed at two Group companies (Ebara Pumps Europe in Italy and Ebara Vietnam Pump Company in Vietnam).
One EBARA is a great HR strategy because it makes us feel like we are one united company, as the name suggests. I’m a big supporter. I have had the opportunity to work for the EBARA Group as an export area man- ager in Italy and as a branch manager in Russia and the United Kingdom. I was able to use this time to develop my skills as a manager and under- stand cultural differences. I also learned that having people working in dif- ferent parts of the world really benefits the Company.
I believe that there are many people who have expertise in various aspects of the business at EBARA. I believe that the EBARA Group will be able to become a strong global player if we give those people the opportu- nity to enhance their vision and mindset.
mid-thirties. However, under the new system, key positions have been created for employees in their twenties. We are selecting employees for promotion earlier based on merit and we have eliminated the seniority system.
We will continue to foster a corporate culture of competition and challenge by providing comfortable, motivating environ- ments where diverse employees, regardless of gender, nationality, or age can conduct meaningful work globally.
of cultivating human resources for the future of EBARA who are capable of discovering new business opportunities that support society, industry, and everyday life. From the per- spective of fostering a corporate culture of competition, challenge, and diversity, the participants were selected through an open recruitment process. In the future, the participants will work on conceptualizing new businesses to solve social issues.
 Message from
an Employee in
a Global Key Position
Matteo Zenari
Product Management & Communication General Manager Ebara Pumps Europe
 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 42

RESOURCE STRATEGIES
Human Resource Strategy
Conducting Global Engagement Surveys
We have been conducting global engagement surveys of all domestic and overseas EBARA Group employees since 2019 to ascertain what employees think about the companies and their work. Each department takes the survey results and cre- ates and implements an action plan to improve engagement throughout the Group. As a result of these efforts, the number of positive survey responses from employees increased in 2020. In particular, due to enhanced communication and messaging from the management team, numbers improved in the comprehensive indicator categories of “sustainable engagement” and “management team.” In addition, our prompt and appropriate COVID-19 preventive measures
Initiatives to Improve Job Satisfaction and Comfort
The EBARA Group aims to be a corporation in which diverse employees around the world feel fulfilled and comfortable in their work. The COVID-19 pandemic has led to widespread adoption of telecommuting and decreased opportunities for face-to-face communication. As work styles change drastically, the Group is examining new ways of working within a post-pandemic society.
To realize job satisfaction, we will implement the role grading and succession management systems globally, to promote human resource development and ensure that the right people have the right jobs.
resulted in an increase in positive responses in the “safety” category.
Selected 2020 Survey Results
Sustainable engagement*
Management team
Safety
78% (+3 points)
64% (+5 points)
79% (+4 points)
 Category
  Percentage of positive responses (overall EBARA Group)
     * Refers to a high sense of belonging to an organization, which is maintained by a productive work environment, physical and mental health, etc.
Parentheses indicate comparison to 2019 figures.
To realize comfortable working environments, we are imple- menting concrete measures to create a flexible and comfort- able work environment not restricted by location or time, including expanding telecommuting systems, setting up satel- lite offices, and promoting web conferencing.
We will continue to enhance employee engagement by realizing both job satisfaction and comfortable working envi- ronments, and accelerate the transformation to the globally integrated HR system, One EBARA HR.
   Development and Expansion of Initiatives
Pursuing job satisfaction
Toward a role- and merit-based system that eliminates seniority Implemented the new personnel system for all employees in Japan starting in 2018 (completed)
New Challenges
Pursuing comfortable working environments
Flexible work environments, unconstrained by location or time, implemented swiftly in 2020 due to COVID-19
  Global implementation of role grading and succession systems to further develop human resources and the right people for the right jobs
Promotion of telecommuting system, satellite offices, and web conferencing
   Form the foundation of a corporate culture of competition and challenge
Accelerate the transformation to One EBARA HR, a globally integrated HR system that enhances employee engagement
    Distribution of Tablets to Employees at Manufacturing Sites
To improve the motivation and engagement of manufacturing site employees, and to close the information infrastructure gap in the workplace, we provided a tablet device to each person. Previously, a single computer was shared amongst each group of manufacturing site employees. Onsite commu- nications were mainly done on paper, which made for an inef- ficient work environment. Tablets enable employees to have timely access to information on the Company intranet,
43 EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021
e-learning courses, expanded telecommuting options, and electronic manuals. This shift will both improve employee IT literacy and increase productivity, as well as facilitate the switch to paperless documents and promote human resource development. We will continue to formulate and implement measures that will help everyone move forward together, regardless of their workplace.

Diversity Promotion
The EBARA Group’s long-term vision as laid out in E-Vision 2030 is to create comfortable and stimulating working envi- ronments where diverse employees can engage in meaningful work to their full potential. To realize this vision, we are imple- menting initiatives in three areas: awareness and culture reform; system and environmental improvement; and work reform, operations analysis, and visualization.
Awareness and culture reform
Work Style Reform
Support for Non-Japanese Employees
One of the issues we faced was establishing a support system to help retain excellent non-Japanese talent who contribute to our global competitiveness. To ensure that non-Japanese employees in Japan and overseas can work safely and securely even during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, we are taking measures to prevent COVID-19 and providing useful information to ensure smooth operations. In addition, we hold periodic interviews to solve problems with communication or internal networks. During the first two years of a non-Japanese employee’s tenure at EBARA in Japan, we also provide periodic interviews in their native language to bet- ter understand and assist with the settling-in process, challenges they’re facing, and their growth. These interviews are conducted by specialists (outsource basis) with the requisite language skills.
  • Raising awareness of people in key positions
• Holding roundtable dis-
cussions on work styles
• Improving workplace cul- ture to reduce long hours
   • Reforming office work to improve productivity
    • Employee career devel- opment and skill acquisition
• Create an envi- ronment that allows people to choose flexi- ble work styles
System and environmental improvement
Advancement for Women
Work reform, operations analysis, and visualization
 We aim to be a company where women can evolve and exer- cise their full ability through their work.
Aiming to resolve the current issues of the percentage of women in key positions and the small number of female can- didates for key positions, we have set a goal of increasing the percentage of women in key positions to 7% or more by April 2023, and 8% or more by April 2025.
As part of our efforts to realize these goals, we will actively provide educational opportunities to foster career advance- ment, including options for employees to participate in exter- nal training programs.
We also held a roundtable discussion for employees on childcare leave in 2020, as there are many women who are concerned about their career path relative to marriage, child- birth, and other major life events. We will provide information about continuing careers, balancing work with raising chil- dren, and other possible opportunities.
Ratio of Women in Key Positions
(EBARA CORPORATION, full-time employees)
 1st, 2nd years
• Native language interviews
(resolve day-to-day problems, requests to the Company)
 Join the Company
• Start working in April or October • Japanese language education
(acquire Japanese language skills necessary for work)
 Unofficial offer
• Japanese language education
(preparation for life in Japan)
Hiring by Job Category
Until 2020, new graduates were assigned to positions based on aptitude after joining the Company, but for 2022, we have changed the system to allow new graduates to choose a path (both job category and product sector) when they apply. By choosing their own jobs, they can choose to utilize what they learned as a student or choose a job that provides new chal- lenges, making it easier for them to realize their desired careers.
Start of the Alumni System
We have started building a network of former employees, known as Ebalumni (Ebara-Alumni), with the aim of expanding personal connections and visualizing the talent of people who have left EBARA.
In general, alumni systems expand the range of human resources that an organization can access. By connecting people when they are recruited to the time they leave, we hope to attract diverse human resources, promote collabora- tion, and facilitate open innovation to achieve sustainable growth in the global market.
(%) 8
6 4 2 0
5.4
5.8
2022 target: 6.8%
6.8 6.5
2019 2020
Recruitment and Training of Non-Japanese Employees in Japan
 Succeed
• Career development • Follow-up
      2017 2018
EBARA Group Integrated Report 2021 44