Management Basic Information Value Creation Business Strategy Management CSR Reporting Third-Party Strategy Foundation Opinion / Assurance
Contributing to a Society in Harmony with Nature
We launched the Canon Bird Branch Project, which highlights
the “Cycle of Life,” as one of the various activities based on our Biodiversity Policy that we promote worldwide.
Canon’s Initiatives and Their Relation to Sustainable Development Goal (SDGs) Targets
* Target 15.2: Promote the implementation of sustainable management of all types of forests, halt deforestation, restore degraded forests and substantially increase afforestation and reforestation globally
Target 15.5: Take urgent and significant action to reduce the degradation of natural habitats, halt the loss of biodiversity and, by 2020, protect and prevent the extinction of threatened species        Contributing to a Society in Harmony with Nature
• Biodiversity Policy, Basic Policy on the Procurement of Timber Products
• Canon Bird Branch Project
• Preservation of natural habitats and biodiversity
• Forest preservation, tree-planting initiativesTarget 15.2Target 15.5
  Target 15.5
   Target 15.5
  Target 15.2
 Canon’s Biodiversity Policy
Canon recognizes biodiversity as essential for a sustainable society. We carry out various activities to conserve and protect biodiversity under our Biodiversity Policy, which applies to the entire Canon Group.
Initiatives to Support Continuous Use of Sustainable Forestry Resources within Value Chain To help support biodiversity, Canon promotes the use of sustainable forestry resources as the raw materials for paper production within the value chain. We have set procurement policies favoring the purchase of paper products derived from sustainably sourced wood pulp. Moreover, the office paper we sell is made under forest certification schemes or using environmentally conscious raw materials.Biodiversity Policy
Basic Policy
Canon fully recognizes biodiversity as an important basis for a sustainable society, and promotes activities that contribute to biodiversity conservation.
Action Guidelines
• Canon strives to conserve biodiversity with consideration for various regional characteristics from a global perspective.
• Canon actively works to reduce the impact on biodiversity associated with various business activities, and to conduct social-contribution activities that lead to biodiversity conservation.
Specific Actions
• “Utilization of Canon technologies and products for biodiversity conservation”
Support for biodiversity conservation activities and projects
• “Consideration for biodiversity centered on operational sites”
Ascertaining the impact of our business activities on biodiversity, and conservation of animal and plant habitats around operational sites
• “Contribution to the realization of a community rich in biodiversity”
Promotion of biodiversity conservation activities and educational activities in collaboration with local communitiesBasic Policy on the Procurement of Timber Products
1. Use sustainable forest materials
In its procurement of timber products, the Canon Group uses materials supplied from forest resources managed exclusively for use as timber products.
2. Trace the origin of forest resources used
We seek the cooperation of business partners to ensure the traceability of products throughout the manufacturing process, from the harvest of raw materials onward.
3. Confirm evidence of traceability
Canon works with its business partners to ensure the traceability of materials used in Canon products (or OEM products) and their packaging that are subject to timber product regulations in each country.
Canon Sustainability Report 2019 86
Group Initiatives to Conserve Biodiversity
Canon Bird Branch Project
Biodiversity refers to the way living things interact as they coexist on earth. Within this sphere, birds occupy the top position in a local ecosystem pyramid of plants, insects, and small animals, symbolizing the cycle of life. In line with this concept, Canon promotes the Bird Branch Project as a symbol of the activities it conducts based on its Biodiversity Policy.
As part of the Bird Branch Project, a wild bird habitat has been created at Canon Global Headquarters in Tokyo, where birdlife is monitored with network cameras and regular bird census are conducted. Canon Group plants at Toride, Susono and Oita and the Kawasaki Office have also joined the Bird Branch Project and conduct bird census at their sites in collaboration with the Wild Bird Society of Japan. Similarly, overseas sites in France,
the Netherlands and elsewhere are collaborating in activities with local partners. Meanwhile, at the Canon Medical Systems Nasu Headquarters, which joined the Bird Branch Project in 2018, we are working together with employees and members of the local community on activities to protect biodiversity around the concept of building a company that coexists with nature.
We plan to increase the number of operational sites participating in the project in Japan and overseas as part of our efforts to conserve and protect biodiversity.
Reference: Canon Bird Branch Project website https://global.canon/en/environment/bird-branch/index.html
Installing a nesting box at Canon’s Kawasaki Office
Canon Canada Branch Out
Canon Canada celebrated the fifth anniversary of Branch Out in 2018. The program gives employees at all levels the opportunity to help create green spaces and sustainable environments in their local communities. Branch Out began as a tree-planting program in 2014, but has evolved to include a wide range of sustainability
activities, including cleaning up parks, rivers and shorelines, removing invasive plant species, restoring habitats and constructing turtle shelters. All employees from Canon Canada’s 13 offices, from Toronto to Quebec City and Vancouver, are encouraged to participate, sparing a few hours from their work schedule to volunteer. Over the past five years, employees have volunteered more than 8,000 hours in 45 locations across the country. Their achievements so far include planting more than 33,000 trees, removing 2,600 m3 of non-native vegetation and restoring nearly 650 m2 of shoreline.
 Clearing invasive plant species
Working with the Local Community to Restore Seaweed Beds (Thailand)
With the collaboration of the Marine and Coastal Resources Research and Development Center and local communities, Canon Hi-Tech (Thailand) worked on a project to protect the marine ecosystem by restoring coastal seaweed beds in the Sattahip District of Chonburi Province. A 200-strong team made up of 150 Canon employees and 50 local government employees and community members took part in an operation to restore seaweed beds using a total of around 10,000 individual plants.
   87 Canon Sustainability Report 2019