CO-CREATION IN ACTION 02
Creating Business with Business Partners
  NESIC
Innovation in Co-Creation Work
 Mr. Eric S. Yuan, CEO of Zoom Video Communications, Inc., and Osamu Noda, Senior Vice President at NESIC (at Zoom’s office)
In September 2017, NESIC began domestic sales of the Zoom video conferencing solution developed by Zoom Video Communications, Inc., headquartered in Silicon Valley in the U.S. Zoom is an easy-to-use video conferencing system that connects people and organizations inside and outside companies anytime and anywhere. This system facilitates work-style innovation by enabling teleworkers and employees outside of the office to participate in internal meetings, while offering a new format for meetings and collaborative work with overseas business partners. Zoom, which has facilitated work-style innovation in a collaborative effort by NESIC and Zoom Video Communications, is already in use by over 500 companies in Japan.
Zoom Contracts with First Sales Partner in Japan to Roll Out Services
Noda NESIC has had personnel stationed in San Jose, California (U.S.) for quite a while with the objective of finding new products and services to market. When we came across the Zoom video conferencing solution, we were impressed by its extreme convenience, such as its compatibility with any device, its reliable communication capabilities, and the technology’s ability to convey a sense of immediacy and the vibe of meetings across space and time. NESIC has had experience using other video conferencing software as a part of its solutions for work-style innovation, but because Zoom was the best hands down, we contacted Zoom Video Communications about introducing their solution to the Japanese market.
Mr. Saga Actually, we were approached by a number of Japanese firms, but NESIC contacted us early on and we could sense the Company’s passion for our solutions. We were also drawn to NESIC by its approach for deploying communications technologies to improve the productivity of its organization, and therefore decided to enter into our first-in-Japan sales partnership agreement with NESIC in order to bring our solution to the Japanese market.
Noda In Japan, companies were just beginning to seri- ously consider telework and remote work options, and customers were increasingly introducing these innovative work styles. I was really excited to be able to introduce the Zoom system to customers in Japan. We also assigned Zoom accounts to all of our employees so that the entire Company can experiment with how it can be used more.
 34 ANNUAL REPORT 2019
    Features of EmpoweredOffice Work-Style Innovation Solutions
Major Benefits of Co-Creation
Mr. Saga I visited the head office of NESIC and was impressed by its forward-looking development of innova- tive solutions. I thought the concept and technologies behind SmoothSpace2 were quite innovative in that people are able to connect and conduct conferences with Zoom in real time and through life-size video. I was also very pleased to learn that the entire Company is committed to creating solutions through iterative improvements while applying the innovative solutions they have developed in their own operations.
Noda Thank you for those words. SmoothSpace2 is able to simultaneously connect multiple Zoom Rooms (meet- ing rooms), giving you a lifelike experience through large projection screens. It is also possible to broaden the range of applications with multi-region connectivity and interactions with other Zoom subscribers. NESIC uses Zoom for communication between its bases across Japan and its overseas locations, and the customers who visit our premises to see it in action often end up using it the same way. Zoom is a new concept in com- munications that goes beyond the evolution of video conferencing, as it enables quick customer responses and greater work efficiency, such as through remote instruction and double-checking at local worksites.
Mr. Saga As a single tool, Zoom can be paired with other hardware and innovations to create solutions that meet customer needs, and this would not have been possible without the help of NESIC. I can see the major benefits that have resulted from our co-creation with NESIC.
Noda When creating new solutions, on occasion we find areas that could be improved from a technical standpoint, and convey these points to the head office in the U.S.
Mr. Saga Yes, I am aware that we have fine-tuned some services on the advice we received from NESIC. Our CEO Eric S. Yuan is someone who has built his career as an engineer, and we always want all of our customers to be happy with the services we provide. We therefore always welcome any feedback that can help make our services better. We highly value NESIC as not just a sales partner, but also as a partner for collaboration on the technology side.
Noda I am extremely pleased to hear that. Zoom also offers the extra benefit of enhancing the reputation of the NESIC brand. When we approach a potential new customer and talk about Zoom, this more often than not heightens the customer’s interest in working with us.
Taking Our Capacity for Co-Creation Globally
Mr. Saga During the launch phase for Zoom in Japan with NESIC, I was quite excited to hear that it would help realize work-style innovation and create new forms of communication.
Noda Yes, we think Zoom can help resolve many issues in society, and could become a global standard for the development of new forms of communication around the world, in addition to our partnership in Japan.
Mr. Saga I believe this can be done with NESIC as our partner. While mutually increasing value, I hope that we can develop new forms of communication never seen before and facilitate communication around the world.
Targeted SDGs Propose integrated products and technologies to resolve customer issues
 Help customers achieve work-style innovation
 MEMBERS
Mr. Fuminori Saga
Country General Manager, Japan Zoom Video Communications, Inc.
Osamu Noda
Senior Vice President and Member of the Board
Executive General Manager, Digital Solutions Business Unit
Executive General Manager, Business Design Operations Unit
NEC Networks & System Integration Corporation
    By projecting video on a wall, SmoothSpace2 facil- itates communication through a lifelike experi- ence between people in remote locations
  ANNUAL REPORT 2019 35