  Annual Report 2020
Fiscal 2019 (Year ended March 2020)
   The Words of Our Founders
     “Trust and love are the threads that weave a beautiful world”
Let us create a world of beauty by spreading mutual trust and greater harmony, woven by trust and love.
        “Wakyo” (Close Cooperation)
We act with strength, in harmony, but not necessarily in agreement, through patient, careful discussions to reach positive outcomes, striving as one to achieve goals once the decision is made.
“Hardship Now, Yet Hope for the Future”
No matter the difficulty we face, if we continue to persevere to a brighter tomorrow, the time will come when we thrive and prosper.
 The Spirit of Our Founders
      A Business with Integrity
A Resolute and Independent Business A Self-Reliant Business
We must always remember that we are a company offering highly public services. We must contribute to society without bias to profit or authority.
2
10 18
24
42
66
98
Contents of This Report
The ANA Group (ANA HOLDINGS INC. and consolidated subsidiaries) strives to create social value and economic value, leveraging the strengths we have cultivated based on the spirit of our founders. In so doing, we expect to generate sustainable corporate value growth. This report presents the ANA Group philosophies that have been handed down through our history. We also address value creation, our actions in response to changes in the recent business environment, and the foundation that supports our corporate activities.
Editorial Policy
The ANA Group emphasizes proactive communication with stakeholders in all of our business activities. In Annual Report 2020, we aim to encourage a deeper comprehensive understanding of the social value and economic value created by the ANA Group through our management strategies, our business, and our economical, social, and governance (ESG) activities. We have published informa- tion on the activities we selected as being of particular importance to the ANA Group and society in general. For more details, please visit the ANA Group corporate website in conjunction with this report.
Scope of This Report
• This report covers business activities undertaken from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020 (including some activities in and after April 2020).
• In this report, “the ANA Group” and “the Group” refer to ANA HOLDINGS INC., and its consolidated subsidiaries.
• “The Company” in the text refers to ANA HOLDINGS INC.
• Any use of “ANA” alone in the text refers to ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS CO., LTD.
The ANA Group DNA:
A Legacy from Our Founders
2 Strengths Cultivated from the Spirit of Our Founders: Innovation and Comprehensive Capabilities
4 Strengths Accumulated over a 68-Year History: Scale and Quality
6 Expansion of ANA Group Businesses 8 Corporate Philosophy / ANA’s Way
 Management Message
The ANA Group Value Creation Process
18 Cycle of Expanding Strengths— Driven by the Spirit of Our Founders
20 Value Creation Process
22 Timeline for Simultaneous Creation of Economic
Value and Social Value
 Business Progress
26 Current Economic Conditions and ANA Group Responses
32 Overview by Business
38 ANA Group Response to COVID-19
39 Special Feature: Establishing avatarin Inc.
 Sustainability Initiatives
44 ANA Group ESG Management
46 Further Promotion of ESG Management 50 Dialogue with Experts on ESG
54 Material Issues
 Business Foundations Supporting Corporate Value
68 Safety
72 Human Resources
76 Unique ANA Group Initiatives
78 Corporate Governance
92 Risk Management
94 Compliance
96 Responsible Dialogue with Stakeholders
 Financial / Data Section
1
    
                                                            Strengths Cultivated from the Spirit of Our Founders:
Innovation and Comprehensive Capabilities
Our business began in 1952 with only two helicopters. Our founders’ desire was for our company to serve as a highly public company that not only pursues profits but also contributes to nations and communities. We continue to make sincere and dedicated efforts, even in the most challeng- ing of environments. The ANA Group DNA is firmly rooted in the spirit of transcending accepted wisdom, customs, and organizations. Rising to challenges and pulling together to overcome issues by taking advantage of diversity are also rooted in our DNA.
An industry policy in 1972, called the 45-47 System, regulated domestic airline companies. Under this policy, ANA was allowed only to operate domestic flights, restricted from inter- national operations. However, in 1971, we began operating an international charter flight to Hong Kong.
In the following year, the efforts of our second president and CEO, Kaheita Okazaki, led to international charter services to Shanghai, in the aftermath of the normalization of national relations with China. The ANA dream of scheduled interna- tional flight operations remained alive. The 1980s saw increas- ing calls for a review of the 45-47 System, as it did not accommodate expanding and diversifying demand for air travel. The system was finally abolished in 1985. In 1986, ANA began operating scheduled international flights between Narita and Guam, fulfilling a ten-year dream.
Achieving a 10-Year Dream to Operate International Flights
1978
2011
 Two Helicopters and Big Dreams
ANA Joined the
Our order of this globally anticipated, state-of-the-art air- craft made headlines, boosting the ANA Group’s global pres- ence. We placed the Boeing 787 into service in 2011, and by January 2016 we became the first company in the world to fly over 100,000 flights with this aircraft. This was equivalent to one-quarter of all Boeing 787 flights worldwide. The exception- ally increased fuel efficiency of this model enables long-distance flights by medium-body aircraft.
At the end of World War II, the Allied Powers fully banned any private companies in Japan from operating aircraft. That ban was lifted in 1950. Two years later, in 1952, Japan Helicopter and Aerospace Transport Co., Ltd. (ANA’s predecessor) became the first privately run air transport company in Japan with only two helicopters in
its “fleet.” Starting from zero was a challenge, as the world at the time was dominated by government-directed airlines manage- ment. Under the spirit of our founders that stressed integrity and independence, the company’s employees embraced a great dream. Ten years later, in 1962, we became the launch customer for the YS-11, the first domestically produced aircraft in the post- war era. This development expanded our business to lead the Japanese airline industry. In 1964, we used this aircraft to fulfill the important mission of transporting the Olympic torch for the Games of the XVIII Olympiad in Tokyo. In this manner, ANA continued to grow alongside postwar Japan.
Star Alliance
to Expand Our Overseas Network
ANA became the ninth member of the Star Alliance, the world’s first and largest global airline alliance, in 1999. Utilizing code share flights, we continued to expand our network and accelerate the growth of our International Business. At the same time, we faced a variety of risks arising from global political and economic circumstances, as well as social phenomena.
Due to unforeseen events such as the September 11 terrorist attacks in the United States in 2001, the Iraq War in 2003, and the spread of the SARS virus, passenger demand decreased dramatically. However, by implementing emergency cost reductions, we achieved profitability in our International Business for the first time in fiscal 2004 (the fiscal year ended March 2005). Despite facing numerous adversities, we have strengthened our comprehensive capabilities as a group, moving forward in our growth strategies and expanding our network.
2014
Expansion of international slots at Haneda Airport
2013
Shift to a holding company structure
2011
Great East Japan Earthquake
The First to Implement the State-of-the-Art
 1952
1999
Boeing 787
Dreamliner Aircraft
The Boeing 787 is a next-generation aircraft that introduced many new technologies and materials to achieve longer-dis- tance flights and significantly reduced operating costs. In 2004, the ANA Group was the first in the world to order the Boeing 787. As the launch customer, we supported the devel- opment of this aircraft.
       2001
2003
Outbreak of SARS
  1994
Opening of Kansai International Airport
September 11 terrorist attacks in the United States
2008
Global financial crisis
                Revenue Passenger-Kilometers (RPK)
Peach Aviation
ANA International Services ANA Domestic Services
Foundation
1986
Opening of Narita International Airport
                                       1980
1990
2000
2010 2019 (FY)
3
 2
1952 1960 1970

 Strengths Accumulated over a 68-Year History:
Scale and Quality
In 2020, we celebrated the 68th anniversary of our founding. Today, we have grown into a top-tier global airline group in terms of both scale and quality. To continue to be a company loved by our customers and society, as well as one that connects the world, we are committed to overcoming the challenges of COVID-19 and reach the highest levels of value.
Scale
Quality
FY2019 results
        Total ANA Group Passengers (FY2019) 59.62 million
Share of Domestic Passengers*2 (FY2019) No. 1 (46%)
ANA Domestic Passengers*1 (2019)
Global
No. 17
Total ANA Domestic and International Passengers*1 (2019)
Global
No. 22
 Number of Customer Feedback Reports
16.9% 26.1%
21.2%
External Recognition
Quality
SKYTRAX (ANA, 2020) 5-STAR AIRLINE
for an 8th consecutive year
By Category:
• World’s Best Airport Services (2019)
• Best Business Class Onboard Catering (2019)
20.1%
  Airports Served by ANA (as of the end of FY2019)
101 airports 48 international airports 53 domestic airports
Airports and Routes Served by Peach Aviation (as of the end of FY2019)
22airports 39routes
     FY2015 35.8%
73,688
16.6%
FY2019
117,628
21.1%
42.3%
Complaint Compliment Comment / Request Other
 Number of Aircraft (as of the end of FY2019) 307 aircraft total
Wide-Body: 59
Medium-Body: 107
Narrow-Body: 117*
Regional: 24
* Includes aircraft operated by Peach Aviation
    On-Time Performance
Cirium (ANA, 2019) Asia-Pacific Major Airlines
   Cargo Volume (FY2019)
1,239
thousand tons
Network Category: Mainline Category: Worldwide Major Airlines
No. 1
 ANA Mileage Club Members (as of the end of FY2019)
36.65 million
No. 2 45
Sources:
*1 International Air Transport Association (IATA), 2020
*2 Number of passengers (industry-wide): Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (FY2019)
(ANA, FY2019)
• International Aviation Division, Customer Satisfaction
In-Service Rate
97.4%
JCSI (Japan Customer Satisfaction Index) Survey
Network Category: Mainline Category:
No. 1 No. 2
No. 2
On-Time Departure Rate
88.7%
On-Time Arrival Rate
87.5%

      Expansion of ANA Group Businesses
The ANA Group consists of our core Air Transportation Business and a variety of related businesses. Each company is managed autonomously, and we establish strong relationships and synergies to further refine our unique strengths and continuously increase corporate value throughout the Group.
Consolidated Group Data
Operating Revenues
¥1,974.2 billion Number of Employees 45,849
Operating Revenues
(¥ Billions)
Operating Income (Loss)
49.5 18.1 1.3 2.9 3.5 (14.7) 60.8
  Composition of Operating Revenues by Segment (Fiscal 2019)
Air Transportation Airline Related Travel Services Trade and Retail
1,737.7 299.4 143.9 144.7 Others 44.2
    * Calculated before eliminations
Adjustments
Total (Consolidated)
(395.9) 1,974.2
   Air Transportation
Full Service Carriers (FSCs)
ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS CO., LTD. ANA WINGS CO., LTD.
Air Japan Co., Ltd.
Low Cost Carriers (LCCs)
Peach Aviation Limited
The core of the ANA Group is our ownership and operation of the full service carrier (FSC) ANA brand and the low cost car- rier (LCC) brand Peach Aviation. We leverage the strengths of each entity to drive growth in our airline business domains.
We will continue to contribute to greater corporate value for the entire Group by building an optimal business portfolio within the Air Transportation Business and pursuing a more resilient business structure.
Composition of Operating Revenues
73.3%
  Airline Related
ANA AIRPORT SERVICES Co., Ltd.
ANA Base Maintenance Technics Co., Ltd. ANA MOTOR SERVICE CO., LTD.
ANA Cargo Inc.
ANA Systems Co., Ltd.
ANA Catering Service Co., Ltd.
ANA TELEMART CO., LTD.
ANA X Inc., and more
In the Airline Related Business, ANA Group companies mainly support the Air Transportation Business with services that include airport ground support, aircraft maintenance, vehicle maintenance, cargo and logistics, catering (in-flight meals), and contact center services.
This business seeks to grow and deepen Group businesses through contract services for overseas airlines, new value creation through the effective use of customer data, and other means.
Composition of Operating Revenues
12.6%
  Travel Services
ANA Sales Co., Ltd.
ANA Business Jet Inc., and more
As the sales and marketing division of the ANA Group, ANA Sales Co., Ltd. provides airline sales services, including sales of air tickets and travel services. The company also engages in the planning and sales of travel products.
To meet the needs of our customers who value their time, we are expanding the scope of our travel services, which includes the launch of ANA Business Jet Inc. in 2018. ANA Business Jet arranges charter flights for business jets.
Composition of Operating Revenues
6.1%
 Trade and Retail
ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS TRADING Co., Ltd., and more
ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS TRADING Co., Ltd., and Group compa- nies perform aircraft parts procurement, conduct aircraft trad- ing (import, export, leasing, sales), operate airport shops (ANA DUTY FREE SHOP and ANA FESTA) across Japan, and manage other businesses related to air transportation. The Group also trades in non-airline products (paper, pulp, food import and sales; semiconductor and electronic component import / export), provides advertising agency services, and operates the ANA online shopping site.
Composition of Operating Revenues
6.1%
  Air transportation
Flight catering
IT
Human resource development
Contact center
Aircraft maintenance
Vehicle maintenance
Cargo / logistics
Airport ground support
Human resources / business support
General trading companies
 Sales and marketing
Charter arrangements
Research institute / think tank
 Real estate / building maintenance
  6 7

      The beliefs of our founders have transcended the ages, passed on with great care as the
DNA of the ANA Group.
Mission Statement
Built on a foundation of security and trust, “the wings within ourselves”
help to fulfill the hopes and dreams of an interconnected world.
ANA Group Safety Principles
Safety is our promise to the public and is the foundation of our business. Safety is assured by an integrated management system and mutual respect. Safety is enhanced through individual performance and dedication.
Management Vision
It is our goal to be the world’s leading airline group in customer satisfaction and value creation.
ANA’s Way
To live up to our motto of “Anshin, Attaka, Akaruku-genki!” (Trustworthy, Heartwarming, Energetic!), we work with:
1. Safety
We always hold safety as our utmost priority, because it is the foundation of our business.
2. Customer Orientation
We create the highest possible value for our customers by viewing our actions from their perspective.
3. Social Responsibility
We are committed to contributing to a better,
more sustainable society with honesty and integrity.
4. Team Spirit
We respect the diversity of our colleagues and come together as one team by engaging in direct, sincere and honest dialogue.
5. Endeavor
We endeavor to take on any challenge in the global market through bold initiative and innovative spirit.
        Ambition in Our DNA
     Group Synergies
 Our Mission in Society
      89

 Shinya Katanozaka
President & Chief Executive Officer
 Management Message
  Returning to the spirit of our found- ers, coming together as a group to overcome the COVID-19 pandemic and create a strong, resilient Group business structure.
 10
11

Management Message
    The Impact of COVID-19 on Our Businesses
First, I want to express my sincere gratitude for your continued support.
I also want to express my deepest sympathies to the people around the world who have been affected by COVID-19.
The ANA Group has been pursuing growth strategies, mainly through the International Business, in line with our FY2018–2022 ANA Group Corporate Strategy, which we formulated in February 2018. During fiscal 2019, All Nippon Airways Co., Ltd. (ANA) introduced new routes from Narita to Perth, Chennai, and Vladivostok. The Company also put ultra-wide body aircraft into service as part of a Hawaii Strategy. The Cargo Business adopted wide-body freighters for Shanghai and Chicago routes to strengthen our ability to capture demand for not only special items including oversize cargo but also trilateral cargo. The merger of Peach Aviation Limited and Vanilla Air Inc. in our LCC Business has resulted in a more efficient business structure
to confront tough global competition in the future. To further enhance basic quality for greater competitiveness, we have been persistent in addressing the engine component issues related to the Boeing 787, while at the same time, we made up-front invest- ments in safety, quality and services as well as human resources, including the active recruitment of employees who will lead us into the future. As a result of these activities, we continued to generate record-high operating revenues on a consolidated basis through the third quarter of fiscal 2019.
However, once we entered the fourth quarter, we began seeing the impact of the spread of COVID-19 during the second half of January. Passenger numbers began to decrease gradu- ally on routes to China and Asia. As a company that plays a role in social and transportation infrastructure, we have continued to operate at the highest level possible, monitoring route trends in detail, including the needs for Japanese citizens overseas to return home. In so doing, we remained focused on the safety
of our customers, our employees, and other stakeholders.
However, the spread of infection around the world led to stron- ger immigration restrictions in every country beginning in March. Naturally, we were forced to cancel or reduce flights on interna- tional routes. In Japan, the national government declared a state of emergency on April 7 and local governments requested voluntary restraints on unnecessary travel outside the home. These developments led to a sharp decrease of passengers flying on domestic routes. As a result, the ANA Group posted an operating loss of ¥58.8 billion for the stand-alone fourth quarter, which was the largest loss we have ever recorded on a quarterly basis. Although we secured net operating income of ¥60.8 billion for the full year, we truly regret that we canceled dividends for fiscal 2019 in light of the business environment and our inability to predict when the COVID-19 pandemic
will end.
Strict immigration regulations continue in force around the
world, and international flights have been restricted heavily.
In Japan, we saw a second rise in the number of COVID-19 infections beginning in July. Some prefectures are pushing for another call for citizens to refrain from travel. Given this envi- ronment, we have seen a rise in new work styles and lifestyles, including online conferences, telework, and demand for non- contact services. We expect consumers to shy away from air travel for the time being. It is extremely difficult for us to imagine the type of continued demand we incorporated when we formu- lated our corporate strategy.
Looking at our past, we know that the Group’s businesses have not always been smooth sailing. Since the start of the 21st century, we have encountered numerous challenges, including the September 11 terrorist attacks, SARS, the Lehman Shock, the Great East Japan Earthquake, and U.S.–China trade fric- tions. With every challenge, our officers and employees have put their minds together to overcome the circumstances, even when such policies have included difficult consequences. It may not be an overstatement to say that we now face the greatest challenge since our founding, which will be 70 years in just
two years from now. Even so, we are willing to overcome these challenges and put our businesses back on a growth vector.
To this end, I wish to explain my thoughts on how we plan to deal with the challenges at hand.
Our Initiatives since the Outbreak of COVID-19
When COVID-19 first emerged, we set about on our financial response immediately. We began discussions with financial institutions to secure cash on hand. Supported by the financial foundation we accumulated through the past several years of results, we were able to establish a plan during April to secure the funds needed for ongoing business operations for the time being. By the end of June, we executed loans and expanded our commitment line, securing access to the level of ¥1 trillion.
In parallel with securing cash on hand, we implemented effective business measures that included reducing the number of flights in line with the decrease in passenger demand, adjusting personnel operations, and optimizing services. At the same time, I instructed the presidents of all Group companies to engage in emergency cost-reduction measures. We have asked the Scheduled Airlines Association of JAPAN to provide support in approaching the government and related agencies to obtain deferments and exemptions related to taxes and public fees for the airlines industry. In this and other ways, we are working together with other airlines to respond to the crisis.
However, the COVID-19 pandemic has showed no signs of waning, and the outlook for our business had become even more uncertain. As this difficult situation continued, in March,
I issued a message to the 45,000 ANA Group employees, declaring my intention to protect their jobs. I believed that the Group would come together to respond to the crisis if we could
do away with internal concerns and foster a sense of security. We are a business that ensures the safety of the skies. Therefore, we absolutely had to avoid situations in which employees were forced to engage in their work while worrying about infection, unemployment, or other concerns. I shared my thoughts candidly about our commitment to ongoing training and education looking ahead to a recovery in operating scale. I discussed how we would move forward in work-style diversity while complying with laws and regulations. I also addressed how we planned to engage in labor–management negotiations to revise compensation in a way to protect both our employees and the Company.
We experienced the lowest point of passenger demand for our Domestic Business in May. At the same time, we needed
to introduce new procedures to prevent COVID-19 infections. As a group, we pursued exhaustive measures to create an environment in which customers and employees could feel safe and secure. President Hirako of ANA was proactive in his response to provide peace of mind to our customers as quickly as possible, and he unveiled the ANA Care Promise on June 1 as the ANA policy to prevent infections. The new standard of air travel proposed by ANA is the same comfort and enjoyment as ever, now with even greater peace of mind. Peach also pursued necessary measures, including the publishing of a special page on the company’s website to communicate aircraft proce- dures in response to the new normal of the with-COVID-19 era. As a group, we will continue to provide clean and hygienic environments, striving to relieve passenger anxiety and inspire confidence in boarding our aircraft as we leverage these poli- cies into new brand power.
P.38 ANA Group Response to COVID-19
   12
13
 
 1) Reduce costs and control investment 2) Pursue business structure reform
 Basic Policies on Business Structure Reform: Business Model Changes*
1) Short Term: Change business structure toward surplus in profit in Air Transportation Business
a. Optimize Air Transportation Business portfolio strategy b. Engage in resource-related tactics to reduce fixed costs
2) Medium Term: Establish a resilient Group business structure that creates consistent, steady value
a. Strengthen Air Transportation Business portfolio strategy
b. Establish a second pillar of earnings with our Non-Air Business
  Management Message
     Business Structure Reform in Anticipation of the Post-COVID-19 Era
Our corporate strategy to date has called for growth through network expansion in the ANA and Peach brands to generate operating revenues and profits on par with the global top-tier airlines. We are faced now, however, with the urgent need to modify our business policies flexibly in response to changes in behavior of people caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
The following topics are urgent issues for the ANA Group under the current situation:
With respect to 1) reducing costs and controlling investment, we reduced capacity significantly in line with demand trends, trimmed personnel expenses based on negotiations with the union, and engaged in other cost-reduction measures in terms of both variable and fixed costs. We reduced costs by a total ¥162.5 billion during the first quarter of fiscal 2020. And we will continue to expand into other areas for reduction and delve deeper into reduction impacts. With respect to investment,
we continue to negotiate with aircraft manufacturers and other parties, reflecting our intent to significantly curb capital expen- ditures by postponing the timing of aircraft delivery.
We also plan to 2) pursue business structure reform in bold measures for the future. The current demand structure in the airline industry is about to change in major ways. We expect to
see a gradual recovery on Domestic Business that will reflect a change in quantity with respect to passenger numbers. Over the medium term, we believe the emergence of vaccines and other factors will lead to a moderate pace of recovery in demand on International Business, while continued globalization will spur a return to air travel. On the other hand, even as the impact of COVID-19 continues, we expect leisure demand to recover first, growing steadily over the medium term, reflecting a change in mixture based on passenger class. We also expect to see a recovery in inbound travelers visiting Japan. We must also consider how changes in work styles affect business travel demand, as more companies report weaker earnings, conduct business through online meetings, and make other changes.
Our plans for reform are measures responding to changes in passenger numbers and class. Our first approach to pushing past COVID-19 is to reduce the scope of our operations in conjunction with the change in passenger numbers. At the stage we see a recovery in demand over the medium term, we will re-expand the scope of our business toward a growth trajectory. To respond to changes in passenger class, we plan to change how we capture demand throughout the Group by offering products and services tailored to the needs of new markets.
The following matters represent specific actions for us to achieve these plans.
As a short-term initiative, we plan to change our Air Transportation Business structure toward balanced profitability. We will pursue a two-pronged portfolio strategy through ANA and Peach, bringing to bear the brand strengths of each in a post-COVID-19 world. At the same time, the ANA Group will reduce fixed costs in terms of fleet and human resources. Over the medium term, deepen our portfolio strategy toward building a strong Group business structure that creates consistent, steady value. While doing so, we will also establish our Non-Air Business as a second pillar of revenue to stand alongside our Air Transportation Business. The ANA Group aims to be a cor- porate group capable of withstanding the return of a pandemic, returning to stable and continuous dividends through improved corporate value.
Our aim is to not only reduce the scope of our business through restructuring but also achieve growth in the post- COVID-19 era, becoming an airline group essential to the people of the world. Now that the external business environ- ment has changed so significantly, we must be proactive in adapting to the new normal. The ANA Group will pursue reform with a sense of urgency, securing a path to sustainable growth that we will be able to hand over to the next generation.
P.24– Business Progress
* Disclosures as of July 29, 2020
For the most up-to-date information,
please visit our corporate website:
Financial Results Presentation Materials: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/investors/irdata/supplement/
What Will Never Change: Our Pursuit of ESG Management
Travel restrictions were tightened around the world in conjunc- tion with the spread of COVID-19. The Japanese government declared a state of emergency in April 2020. During that time, I experienced for myself just how keen people were to go out- side. I think that latent needs for air travel will never change in the future. People will still want to return to their hometowns, travel overseas, and use aircraft for other travel needs. The spread of remote work and other factors could increase the potential for weak business travel demand temporarily. On the other hand, new location-independent work styles could give rise to new demand for workations and other travel.
Others have pointed out that travel restrictions could have an impact on the nature of the airline business. Now is the time that we must communicate the meaning and significance of the ANA Group to society. The road to recovery will by no means be smooth. When travel by air begins to increase with the development and distribution of a vaccine, the ANA Group will play an important role in social infrastructure. We will help revi- talize economies, trade, and other social activities, as we aid the movement of people, goods, and cultural interactions.
This aligns with our Group Mission Statement: The wings within ourselves help to fulfill the hopes and dreams of an intercon- nected world. The ANA Group will continue to value personal relationships and empathy, connecting the world to bring about a brighter, more abundant future.
To grow sustainably with society, companies must pursue not only economic value, such as operating revenues and profits, but also social value, which includes a response to social issues facing modern society on a global scale. As a member of society, the ANA Group desires to share value for the sustainable development of our stakeholders, including our customers, shareholders and investors, employees, business partners, and local communities. We have pursued environ- mental, social, and governance (ESG) management, which has become even more important in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic. We are determined to approach medium- and long- term issues seriously and from a global perspective.
P.44–45 ANA Group ESG Management
  14
15

Management Message
 Environmental issues are issues that truly impact our stake- holders, and the environment has become an even greater topic of concern across the world. Climate change is a common global challenge. Addressing climate change has become a responsibility for companies entrusted with the future, and the airline industry has become subject to stricter regulations to reduce CO2 emissions from aircraft operations. Recently, airline industry CO2 emissions are down due to can- cellations and flight reductions stemming from COVID-19. However, as our Air Transportation Business recovers in the near future, we must take appropriate measures to ensure
CO2 emissions do not return to the same level as in the past. Therefore, we have created new long-term targets for the year 2050. We intend to strengthen our efforts to address climate change, reducing CO2 emissions from aircraft operations by 50% compared to 2005.
P.46–49 FurtherPromotionofESGManagement
The new goals we created will not be easy to achieve. We must respond in tangible ways through our aircraft, jet fuel technol- ogy innovations, and more. We must also respond in intangible ways through steady efforts that involve human intervention. Social issues other than those related to the environment that require ongoing efforts include business activities and supply chain management that respect human rights. Stakeholder engagement is an essential part of gaining an appropriate understanding of and responding to these trends. In addition to using dialogue to understand potential opportunities and risks surrounding the Group, we also plan to engage in man- agement that incorporates the environment, society, and governance. Here, we will do even more to gain an accurate understanding of social awareness and behavioral changes, reflecting this understanding in our corporate strategy. In the future, the ANA Group will make the process for achieving our goals more visible and provide appropriate disclosures of our results through annual reports, websites, and other communi- cation channels.
Entrusting Our Future to New Generations
Beginning in January, Wuhan, China, experienced a dramatic increase in COVID-19 infections. At that time, ANA organized a total of five charter flights to ensure Japanese citizens in the area could travel back to Japan. While the threat of COVID-19 was still not recognized fully in Japan, many of our employees worked side-by-side with the risk of infection. Despite the chal- lenges, we helped a total of 828 Japanese citizens return home, as each employee fulfilled their role with dedicated action. Later, some employees remarked that they became even more aware than usual of our mission as a public trans- portation provider. Others stated how completely focused they became in helping return passengers safely to their homes in Japan. We fulfilled our responsibilities as an airline with the support of the Japanese government and many others. On June 23, we received a letter of appreciation from the Japanese Minister of Foreign Affairs.
As part of our social contribution activities, we asked for employee volunteers in April to support medical gown sewing. The response of Group employees was far beyond our expec- tations. After hearing from employees of their desire to serve society and do whatever they could to help, I was again impressed that human resources are the true treasure of our Group. While we cannot see when the COVID-19 pandemic will end, I want to express how truly proud I am of our employees who even now work in airports, on-board aircraft, and in a variety of other locations to fulfill our responsibilities as social and transportation infrastructure.
P.76–77 Unique ANA Group Initiatives
Our true capabilities come to the fore when times are tough, requiring calm thinking, passionate action, and self-awareness in achieving responsibilities together with colleagues. One of the spirit of our founders is to be a Business with Integrity. This reflects an emphasis on the public interest rather than on prof- its. Our employees united in their sense of mission to fulfill their roles properly and without fanfare when they supported the Wuhan charter flights and the medical gown sewing project. Every employee demonstrated their sense of responsibility to take a personal role in this mission. The ANA Group possesses wings within ourselves that help us overcome difficulties together. Our DNA is rooted in values handed down to us from those who came before, and this DNA will never change at any time in the future. I am convinced that the corporate culture we
have cultivated over our 68 years of history will be the driving force behind overcoming the current crisis.
Hardship now, yet hope for the future were the famous words of Masuichi Midoro, our founder. Using these words, successive generations of management have continued work- ing together single-mindedly with employees to serve society through a foundation of safety. ANA’s predecessor, Japan Helicopter and Aeroplane Transports Co., Ltd. began with only two helicopters, 28 employees, and big dreams. Since that time, we have continued to grow with effort and a spirit of taking on new challenges. We have faced many difficulties due to changes in our business environment. But we have always come through such crises reborn and stronger than ever. We will overcome COVID-19 through the comprehensive capabili- ties of the Group. My dream is for us to build even stronger wings that spread out to connect the people of world and take us forward. Dreams come true, if one makes the effort. With this in mind, and as the top manager of ANA HOLDINGS INC.,
I intend to steer firmly ahead to ensure we become an inspiring airline group.
I ask for your continued support of the ANA Group.
September 2020
Shinya Katanozaka
President & Chief Executive Officer
      16
17

  The ANA Group Value Creation Process
 Cycle of Expanding Strengths
Driven by the Spirit of Our Founders
We have remained committed to our founding spirit, improving on our unique strengths over the course of our history. Each element of our philosophy amplifies others, leading to a cycle of expanded strengths. This, in turn, serves as the driving force behind the values unique to the ANA Group.
We seek new challenges by embodying the essence of team spirit, embracing the support of our stakeholders around the world, who have responded to our obsessive focus on quality and our extensive network.
Each ANA Group company relies on its own expertise to contribute to our overall strategy. These companies develop innovative businesses, products, and services, raising our organi- zation to higher levels of quality and creating more revenue opportunities.
and
    Aspirations toward Innovation
• Early adoption of state-of-the-art aircraft
• Leading-edge products and services
Strengths
Cultivated from the Spirit of Our Founders
Always expanding through a focus on innovation multiplied by Group diversity
Comprehensive
Capabilities to Meet Our Goals
• Multifaceted business portfolio and decision-making independence for Group companies
• Network of nearly 45,000 Group employees
 Create Both Economic Value
ocial Value
     Improve Quality
• History and culture of safety
• Commitment to on-time operations
• Respond to diverse needs based on degree of customer satisfaction
Strengths
Created through Our Businesses
Create both quality and volume in pursuit of social infrastructure value
Expand Business Scope
• Expand international route network
• Solid domestic network
• Customer segment coverage by full service carrier and LCC
 S
                18
19
Ongoing Commitment to Our Philosophies
Ambition in Our DNA Group Synergies Our Mission in Society

  The ANA Group Value Creation Process
Value Creation Process
We will invest appropriate management resources based on the environment surrounding the ANA Group. In so doing, we will accelerate the cycle of our four strengths, which serve as the engine driving value cre- ation. By executing our strategy, we will create social value and economic value simultaneously. As we do so, we aim for improved corporate value while we contribute to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by the United Nations.
  Our Environment (Medium and Long Term)
Economic Growth in Asia-Pacific
Changing Social Structures in Japan and Overseas
Advancing Technology
Climate Change and Resource Shortages
ANA Group Management Resources Power of people who are willing to endeavor
and challenge
Fleet and network connecting the world
Trust of our customers and society
Limited natural resources shared with humankind
  Financial foundation allowing us to spread our wings
  Ongoing Commitment to Our Philosophies
Ambition in Our DNA
Group Synergies
Our Mission in Society
   Aspirations toward Innovation
Cultivate Strengths
Improve
Quality
Comprehensive Capabilities to Meet
Our Goals
Create Strengths
     Expand
Business Scope
Execute our strategy
 Leverage our strengths to
move forward and achieve sustainable expansion in our businesses
   20
Management Foundation
Mission Statement
Safety
 Sustainable Corporate Value Enhancement
   Achieving Our Management Vision
Simultaneous Creation of Economic Value and Social Value
Strengthen our competitive ability
Revitalize our regional tourism business
Foster and utilize a diverse employee base
Generate efficiencies and innovation through DX
Pursue energy efficiencies
Corporate Governance
     Economic Value
Expanding top-line
Improving cost competitiveness
Creating more business opportunities
Developing demand in new customer segments
Improving employee productivity
Improving quality and service
Pursuing both improved convenience and efficiency
Generating new business
Controlling cost increases (primarily fuel expenses)
Hygiene
Social Value
Providing smart, comfortable travel
Promoting Japan
as a tourism nation, encouraging inbound tourism
Promoting diversity
Helping create a society that respects human rights
Providing personalized services
Raising employee job satisfaction
Reducing environmental impact
Human Resources / ANA’s Way
             21
     e
t
a
e
r
c
e
w
e
u
l
a
v
e
h
t
d
n
a
p
x
E
     
The ANA Group Value Creation Process
Timeline for Simultaneous Creation of Economic Value and Social Value
To continue creating social value and economic value through our corporate activities, it is important that we set appropriate targets and timelines, having an accurate awareness of the prevailing business envi- ronment. We must respond with flexibility to the dizzying changes in our business environment, including increased competition and the emergence of geopolitical risks. We must also set our sights on medium- and long-term initiatives in response to environmental regulations and human rights issues. As we incor- porate both values into our corporate strategy, we will generate even greater improvements in the value we create moving forward.
2020
 Understanding the medium- and long-term environment
• Economic growth in Asia-Pacific
• Changing social structures
in Japan and overseas
• Advancing technology
• Climate change and resource
shortages
2050
 Understanding of the short-term environment
• New normal
• Change in airline market
demand structure
22
Economic value
Short-Term
 Social value
Cost Reductions
The ANA Group ESG Commitments
P.42 Sustainability Initiatives
E •
• Reduce food waste
  Reduce CO2 emissions • Reduce resource waste
• Biodiversity conservation
• Responsibility to respect human rights
 S •
• Responding to the diversity of our
customers
• Promote regional revitalization
Promote responsible procurement and supply-chain management
• Human resource development to support
sustainable growth
G •
• Employ stronger governance structure
Utilizing innovation to solve social issues
 23
Materiality (P.44)
Environment
Human Rights
Diversity and Inclusion
Regional Revitalization
Initiatives
P.24 Business Progress
Airline Industry Overview
Business Measures Financial Measures
        Simultaneous Creation of Economic Value and Social Value
            Achieving Medium- and Long-Term Goals
Executing the Next ANA Group Corporate Strategy
Current ANA Group Corporate Strategy

   Business Progress
The impact of COVID-19 has resulted in major changes to the environment surrounding the ANA Group.
We must take swift action both in our businesses and finances
to overcome one of the greatest challenges in our history. At the same time, we must also transform our business structure to accommodate new-normal lifestyles, pursuing sustainable growth.
  24
25
What Does the
ANA Group DNA Mean to You?
Uncompromising commitment to quality through everyday effort, striving for change, and an unwavering commitment to safety on the front lines.
Teruyuki Kominami
ANA Line Maintenance Technics Co., Ltd. Maintenance Crew
 
Business Progress
Please visit our corporate website for the latest information.
Financial results briefing materials: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/investors/irdata/supplement/
 ANA Group Corporate Strategy Progress
 Progress in Response Measures
In January 2019, we published the ANA Group Corporate Strategy Update for fiscal 2019 and 2020. As we subsequently finalized our plans to expand our international network, mainly from Haneda Airport, in January 2020 we planned to announce a rolling update to the ANA Group Corporate Strategy by March.
However, the impact of COVID-19 on our business became apparent in February. With the spread of the virus both in Japan and overseas, we assumed that the drastic decline in passenger demand would extend over a longer period of time. Accordingly, we made our response to this urgent issue a top priority.
        1. ANA Group Corporate Strategy (published February 2018)
2. ANA Group Corporate Strategy Update (published January 2019)
3. Flight Schedule Plan for FY2020 (announced in January 2020)
4. Formulation of Further Strategy
Action Plans for Major Areas
2020 2021 2022 (FY)
• Slot expansion at Tokyo metropolitan area airports
• Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games
FY2018 to FY2022
FY2019 to FY2020
FY2020
2018 2019
Staged Growth in Inbound Travel
     26
Business Environment Surrounding the ANA Group
 Corporate and Business Strategy
February 2020– Rising Negative Impact on Demand by COVID-19
Priority to
Measures Addressing Urgent Issues
 1) ESG Management
2) Productivity Improvement 3) Customer Data Utilization 4) Pursuit of Innovation
From the initial stages of the impact of COVID-19, the ANA Group has taken a proactive response in both business and financial aspects.
Business Measures
We implemented measures for the following four major areas of our businesses.
     1 2
3 4
Results for the 1Q of FY2020
Reduced operation and sales-linked expenses significantly
1) Adopted a temporary leave program
Expanded targeting to 36 Group companies and 43,500 employees
2) Revised airport operation structure, etc.
Temporary closures of some facilities along with capacity
Reduced fixed costs across various categories
1) Reduced officer remuneration, personnel expenses 2) Shrank aircraft-related expenses
3) Cut down outsourcing business
4) Made significant reductions in controllable costs, etc.
Launched ANA Care Promise (June 1)
Match Capacity to Demand Trends
    Optimize Employee Utilization and Services
    Emergency Response Measures
    Establish Social Credibility
Match Capacity to Demand Trends
In response to the decline in passenger demand, we matched capacity to demand by suspending and reducing flights. We also downsized the aircraft in operations, reducing variable costs such as fuel expenses and landing and navigation fees.
Optimize Employee Utilization and Services
Along with controlling capacity, we adopted a temporary leave program and other measures to optimize employee utilization. We also optimized our service systems and operation structure, including the temporary closure of certain airport facilities.
Emergency Response Measures
We implemented a number of measures quickly to reduce personnel expenses and other costs. These measures included reducing officer remuneration, management salaries, and summer bonuses, which improved our profit balance.
Establish Social Credibility
We are pursuing efforts to establish our social trust so custom- ers use our aircraft with peace of mind.
In June 2020, ANA launched the ANA Care Promise. Peach also implemented a variety of measures, providing a clean and hygienic environment, striving to eliminate customer anxiety.
27
  
Business Progress
 Please visit our corporate website for the latest information.
Financial results briefing materials: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/investors/irdata/supplement/
 Progress in Response Measures
  Cost Reduction Impact (Consolidated)
Results [Apr.–Jun.]
Total ¥ –162.5 Bn
Key Programs throughout the 1Q of FY2020
Control capacity flexibly
Capacity by Business Apr.–Jun. (YoY)
• International Passenger –86% • Domestic Passenger –73%
• International Cargo –62%
• Peach Aviation –81%
Reduce officer remuneration and manager salaries
Reduce summer bonuses
Adopt a temporary leave program
Limit capital expenditures Reduce controllable costs, etc.
     Cost Reduction
Forecast for the Current Fiscal Year
 Continue to control capacity in response to demand trends
   Approx. ¥ –75Bn*
    28
29
Cost Reduction Initiatives
By taking appropriate measures in our businesses, we achieved total cost reductions of ¥162.5 billion during the first quarter of fiscal 2020, reflecting a combination of cuts in variable costs, such as fuel expenses, and fixed costs, such as personnel expenses.
Financial Measures
The ANA Group implemented financial measures in the following two major areas. At the same time, we issued a request to the government for support of the airline industry.
Variable Costs
Operation & Sales-Linked Expenses
Group Personnel Expenses
Others
2)
3) 4)
5) 6)
¥ –130.0 Bn
1)
             ¥ –24.5 Bn
 Fixed Costs
                ¥ –8.0 Bn
We will continue to strive to minimize variable costs by matching capacity to demand trends carefully.
We plan to reduce fixed costs by ¥75.0 billion* over the full year. As we expect the recovery in passenger demand to take time, we
will pursue further cost reductions by expanding areas to target and digging for deeper cuts. * Forecast as of July 29, 2020
In the meantime, we submitted a request to the government for industry support through the Scheduled Airlines Association of JAPAN. As a result, many airports in Japan have deferred landing and navigation fees. Leasing costs and facilities usage fees have also been reduced. Going forward, our industry will continue to ask for further support, including extended deferments and exemptions of taxes and public fees.
1 2
Results for the 1Q of FY2020
Secured cash amount for the time being, total ¥1 trillion or more
1) Secured bank loans Approx. ¥535 Bn
2) Established additional
commitment line Expand to ¥500 Bn
Reduced capital expenditures significantly
1) Postponed planned aircraft delivery schedule 2) Deferred in-flight product changes, etc.
Others
Results for the 1Q of FY2020
Obtained deferments of landing and navigation fees, etc.
Ensure Liquidity on Hand
    Limit Capital Expenditures
We secured liquidity on hand as early as possible in anticipation of the prolonged impact of COVID-19. Working with financial institu- tions, we secured access to approximately ¥1 trillion in total funding, consisting of bank loans of ¥535.0 billion in the first quarter and an expanded commitment line to a maximum of ¥500.0 billion.
We also postponed planned aircraft deliveries for this year and deferred in-flight product changes, limiting capital expenditures. We reviewed Group investment plans, deferring some projects and significantly reducing investment amounts.
Request for Government
Assistance to the Airline
Industry
* Response as a Scheduled Airlines Association of JAPAN
    
Business Progress
 Please visit our corporate website for the latest information.
Financial results briefing materials: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/investors/irdata/supplement/
 Future Management Policies
 Business Environment and the ANA Group Response
The impact of COVID-19 has forced changes in social structures and value systems around the world. As work-styles and lifestyles change, the acceptance of a new normal is about to cause changes in demand structures, even in the airline industry. The ANA Group will respond to this situation as described below.
Basic Policy for Reform of Business Structure
The ANA Group will carry out business structure reform to respond steadily to changes in the market environment.
Environment Airline Industry
ANA Group
ANA Group
A new normal in work styles and lifestyles
Significant changes in the demand structure of the airline market
Medium Term: Establish a resilient Group business structure that creates consistent, steady value
Sustainable Growth
       Short Term (under COVID-19)
1) Rise in non-air travel
2) Gradual recovery in domestic routes
1) Variation in recovery speed on each passenger segment
• Leisure : Decrease to gradual recovery • Business : Decrease
Medium Term (post-COVID-19)
3) Recovery at a moderate pace on international routes
4) Active resumption of air travel
2) Different class mix compared to pre-COVID-19
• Leisure : Increase including inbound travelers
• Business : Ongoing weakness
Short Term: Change business structure toward surplus in Air Transportation Business
1) Optimize Air Transportation Business portfolio strategy
1) Strengthen Air Transportation Business portfolio strategy 2) Establish a second pillar of earnings on Non-Air Business
Enhance corporate value (Stable & Continuous Dividends)
   Passenger Numbers (Change in Volume)
  Reduce business scale to get over COVID-19
 Re-expand business scope toward a growth trajectory
 ANA : Peach :
Reduce the scale of our business for the time being; Concentrate management resources on high-profit routes; Reevaluate products and services to meet a new normal
Capture wider demand in outlying regions of the major cities near Narita and Kansai airports
 Passenger Class (Change in Mixture)
 Provide products and services that meet the new market needs
2) Implement resource-related tactics to reduce fixed costs
Fleet : Reduce the number of aircraft; Leverage smaller aircraft and pursue higher capacity rates Human Resources: Revise staffing assignments by enhancing productivity through new work styles, etc.
Management Mission Statement / Safety / Hygiene / ESG Management / Foundation Human Resources / DX / ANA’s Way
As a short-term initiative, we will change our business structure toward balanced profitability in our Air Transportation Business.
1) Optimize Air Transportation Business portfolio strategy
ANA will reduce the scope of its business for the time being, concentrating management resources on high-profit routes. At the same time, ANA will reevaluate current products and services in anticipation of market needs in the post-COVID-19 era.
However, Peach, which has established an efficient business structure through merger, will strive to capture wider demand in outlying regions of the major cities near Narita and Kansai airports.
2) Implement resource-related tactics to reduce fixed costs
We intend to reduce the total number of owned aircraft in our fleet, as well as leverage smaller and more efficient aircraft. We also plan to review our staffing assignments, enhancing productivity through new work styles based on
digital transformation (DX), etc.
Over the medium term, we will pursue a deeper portfolio strategy for the purpose of strengthening our Air Transportation Business, covering a wide range of diversifying demand.
Also, we will seek to establish a resilient Group business structure that creates consistent, steady value by establishing our Non-Air Business as a second earnings pillar.
 30
31
Responding to Passenger Numbers
(Change in Volume)
We are currently seeing strong movement toward non-air travel. Even so, we expect to see a gradual recovery in passenger demand on domestic operations. Over the medium term, we believe the emergence of vaccines and other factors will lead to a moderate pace of recovery in international operations, while continued globalization will spur a return to air travel.
The Group will reduce the scale of our businesses tempo- rarily to weather the declining phase of demand. When we see a recovery in demand over the medium term, we will re-expand the scale of our businesses toward a growth trajectory.
Responding to Passenger Class
(Change in Mixture)
Even as the impact of COVID-19 continues, we expect leisure demand to recover first, growing steadily over the medium term. We also expect to see a recovery in inbound travelers. However, we forecast demand for business travel to continue to experience weakness as corporate earnings deteriorate and online conferencing becomes more widespread. Therefore, we expect to see significant changes in passenger class mixture.
The Group will provide products and services that meet new market needs, changing our approach to capturing demand across the entire Group.
This will improve corporate value, returning the ANA Group to stable and continuous dividends as we pursue sustainable growth.

  Business Progress
Air Transportation Business
  We will survive the trials of COVID-19, continuing to grow on into the future.
Yuji Hirako
Member of the Board of Directors, ANA HOLDINGS INC.
President & Chief Executive Officer, ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS CO., LTD.
During fiscal 2019, we conducted a comprehensive review of safety, quality and services that form the solid foundation of our business. At the same time, we executed up-front investments in human resources and our fleet to take advantage of the international slot expansion at Haneda Airport. While results were firm through the third quarter, the impact of COVID-19 in the fourth quarter resulted in Air Transportation Business operating revenues amounting to ¥1,737.7 billion, a decrease of 4.2% year on year. Operating income amounted to ¥49.5 billion, a decrease of 69.1%.
In fiscal 2020, we will maintain flexibility in controlling capacity during periods of weak demand. We will also work to maximize revenues during periods of recovery.
International Passenger Business
Phased recovery of ASK while assessing the status of global travel and immigration restrictions
 Fiscal 2019 in Review
In May, we began introducing the Airbus A380 FLYING HONU on our Narita–Honolulu route as part of our Hawaii Strategy. We also introduced Narita–Perth service in September, Narita– Chennai service in October, and Narita–Vladivostok service in March 2020.
For the first time in 10 years, ANA unveiled new seats for First Class and Business Class on Boeing 777-300ER aircraft. We introduced the upgraded aircraft on the Haneda–London route in August, the Haneda–New York and Narita–New York routes in November, and the Haneda–Frankfurt route in February 2020. We introduced our first private wide-seat with a closable door, called THE Room, in Business Class. These new seats offer the world’s first personal 4K-compatible monitor and other amenities, achieving the highest levels of passenger comfort.
Meanwhile, the decline in demand due to COVID-19 on Chinese routes became apparent at the end of January. Slowing demand spread subsequently to routes in Asia, North America, Europe, and Hawaii. In response, we began adjusting supply and demand in February, and by the end of March, we canceled or reduced a total of 2,814 flights across 71 routes.
As a result, international route passengers amounted to 9.41 million, a decrease of 6.7% year on year. Operating rev- enues were 5.8% lower at ¥613.9 billion.
Fiscal 2020 Business Policies
As long as travel and immigration restrictions continue in place around the world, we will continue to reduce the scale of our operations to the greatest extent possible. In the meantime, we will restore capacity in phases if Japan and other countries we service begin to ease restrictions.
Performance of the International Passenger Business
Revenues ASK RPK (Index) Fiscal 2015 = 100
   130 120 110 100
0
2015 2016
2017 2018
126
124 119
2019 (FY)
      32
33
The year 2020 was expected to be a year of great progress, with the expansion of international flight slots at Haneda Airport and Japan hosting the Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Unfortunately, the airline industry now faces major challenges stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic. Since I was named president in 2017, I have worked to build a resilient organization that can deliver results in any environment. Currently, we have been forced to cut flights on both interna- tional and domestic routes on an unprecedented scale. It is at times like these that we must demonstrate resilience to survive.
Our air transportation services have enjoyed an outstanding reputation in the world. In 2019, ANA was ranked first in the Asia-Pacific region for on-time arrivals by Cirium of the U.S. In addition, we received the prestigious 5-Star designation from SKYTRAX of the U.K. for an eighth consecutive year, rating
among the best airlines in the world. At the same time, COVID-19 has had a major impact on our lifestyles and behavior. On June 1, ANA launched the ANA Care Promise as a new standard for air travel. Under this promise, we have strengthened our hygiene initiatives even further. We will pursue the complete confidence of our passengers through appropriate measures
in the with-COVID-19 era and based on the service quality we have built over our history.
To overcome this unprecedented crisis, we must reform our Air Transportation Business cost structure, particularly in fixed costs. In addition, we are reviewing employee work styles and plan to increase employee productivity significantly. By engaging diligently and quickly in these areas, we will introduce bold reforms that place ANA back on a growth trajectory in the post-COVID-19 era.
New Business Class Seat, THE Room

Business Progress
Air Transportation Business
Domestic Passenger Business
Increasing capacity as economic activity and movement of people resume, helping to revitalize the local economy while restoring profitability
Cargo and Mail Business
Maximize transport capacity to grow earnings in a tight cargo market
   Fiscal 2019 in Review
Passenger numbers through the third quarter were solid, mainly due to strong business demand and travel within Japan. We also captured the strong demand over the 10-day Golden Week holidays. We introduced discounted tickets available for purchase up to 355 days prior to boarding as one means to capture demand as early as possible. These and other mea- sures, as well as our new fare structure adopted in the previous year, succeeded in generating sales.
In our route network, we increased the number of flights for Narita–Nagoya (Chubu) in May and Nagoya (Chubu)– Kumamoto in October. We also adjusted aircraft type flexibly and optimized the number of flight, optimized supply to demand through aircraft type and scheduling.
In November, we introduced new seats on Boeing 777-200 aircraft, offering improved comfort and functionality with power reclining in Premium Class. We also introduced seats equipped with touch panel personal monitors in Economy Class. At the Naha Airport, we altered the layout of the departure counter and implemented the ANA Baggage Drop automated baggage drop machine, making Naha the fourth airport in Japan to be so equipped. We also renovated the ANA LOUNGE. These and other efforts were made to further improve service quality.
However, the spread of COVID-19 in Japan prompted the central and local governments to ask citizens to refrain from unessential go-out or attendance at events. These policies resulted in a significant decline in passenger demand begin- ning at the end of February. While we endeavored to maintain our network as a public transportation provider, we began adjusting the number of flights in March. In total, 2,674 flights across 42 routes were suspended or reduced.
As a result, domestic passengers amounted to 42.91 mil- lion, a decrease of 3.2% year on year. Operating revenues were 2.4% lower, at ¥679.9 billion.
Fiscal 2020 Business Policies
We will continue to reduce operation-linked expenses by con- trolling the number of flights in operation as long as demand remains weak due to COVID-19. At the same time, we will resume capacity flexibly when we confirm increased demand as a result of increased economic activity and the resumption of travel. We plan to strengthen our ability to capture leisure travel demand by taking advantage of the Japanese govern- ment’s Go To campaign and other measures to encourage tourism. We will leverage these measures to restore profitability and contribute to the revitalization of local economies.
Performance of the Domestic Passenger Business
Fiscal 2019 in Review
Our International Cargo Business experienced weak demand for cargo originating both in Japan and overseas due to the global economic slowdown stemming from U.S.–China trade friction and other factors. In addition, we were forced to cancel a large number of flights beginning in February due to the impact of COVID-19. As a result, both transport volume and revenues underperformed year on year.
In our route network, we introduced the Boeing 777F wide- body cargo freighter for the Narita–Shanghai (Pudong) route (July) and Narita–Chicago route (October). In addition to new products such as oversize cargo and special cargo (e.g., semi- conductor manufacturing equipment), we also captured trans- portation demand for emergency supplies and hygiene-related supplies, which surged in demand due to the spread of COVID-19.
As a result, international cargo volume for fiscal 2019 amounted to 866 thousand tons (down 5.2% year on year) and operating revenue amounted to ¥102.6 billion (down 17.9%).
Fiscal 2020 Business Policies
Global passenger flight cancellations and reductions have resulted in a shortage of capacity for international cargo trans- portation. To respond flexibly to the tight supply and demand in the market, we plan to operate extra flights and charters, mainly using freighters. In April, we became the first Japanese airline to begin transporting cargo in the passenger cabin on passen- ger aircraft. We will continue to pursue revenue growth, while maximizing our transport capacity.
Performance of the International Cargo Business
    Revenues ASK (Index) Fiscal 2015 = 100
RPK
Revenues ATK (Index) Fiscal 2015 = 100
RTK
  110
100
0
2015 2016
2017 2018
103
99
99
2019 (FY)
New Premium Class Seats for the Boeing 777-200
150
100
50
0
2015 2016
2017 2018
122
120 91
2019 (FY)
            Boeing 777F Aircraft
  Transporting Cargo in the Passenger Cabin
 Refurbished Naha Airport Departure Counter
  34
35
ANA Signed a Strategic Partnership Agreement with Singapore Airlines
On January 31, 2020, ANA signed a joint venture framework agreement with Singapore Airlines to strengthen our network and increase our presence in the Asia / Oceania region. While expanding existing code share flights, ANA is preparing to apply for Antitrust Immunity (ATI) under the Civil Aeronautics Act. Our goal is to start joint operations beginning with our 2021 winter schedule. After approval, this agreement will mark the third such arrangement after United Airlines (Asia–North, Central, and South America) and Lufthansa (Japan– Europe). These stronger alliances help us offer greater passenger convenience and strengthen our competitiveness in the Asia / Oceania region.

Business Progress
Air Transportation Business
LCC Business
LCC merger strengthens our business foundation and allows us to allocate management resources on domestic routes for the time being
Non-Air Business
Strengthening efforts to establish a new revenue pillar to stand next to our Air Transportation Business
   Airline Related
Fiscal 2019 operating revenues amounted to ¥299.4 billion (2.9% increase year on year) and operating income amounted to ¥18.1 billion (37.7% increase). This result was mainly due to increased ground handling services at Kansai and Chubu airports and the new consolidation of subsidiary MRO Japan Co., Ltd., an aircraft maintenance company launching full operations in Okinawa.
Fiscal 2020 contracts for ground handling services are likely to decrease due to fewer flights by overseas airlines owing to the impact of COVID-19. When global operations resume in the future, we will pursue initiatives to restore and strengthen profitability.
Travel Services
During fiscal 2019, sales of online products attracted strong demand for both domestic and international travel. In addition, we took an aggressive stance to capture demand for travel during the 10-day Golden Week holiday in Japan. The spread of COVID-19 beginning in late January impacted operating revenues and operating income, which amounted to ¥143.9 billion (4.5% decrease year on year) and ¥1.3 billion (129.9% increase), respectively.
In fiscal 2020, we plan to capture domestic travel demand, which is expected to recover early. We will also pursue efforts to strengthen our competitive posture, taking advantage of the Go To campaign, while expanding direct sales and leveraging our dynamic Tabisaku packaged product.
Trade and Retail
In fiscal 2019, while transaction volume for aircraft parts increased in our aerospace and electronics business, volume decreased for nuts and other food business products. Further, volume in our Retail business declined at our airport ANA DUTY FREE SHOP retail locations and ANA FESTA airport shops due to the impact of COVID-19. As a result, operating revenues amounted to ¥144.7 billion (3.9% decrease year on year) and operating income amounted to ¥2.9 billion (21.5% decrease).
During fiscal 2020, we will exercise selection and concen- tration to strengthen existing businesses, while also creating new businesses that contribute to greater revenue growth.
Airline Related Business: Operating Revenues
(¥ Billions)
   Fiscal 2019 in Review
We moved forward with the transfer of aircraft and human resources in stages as we prepared for the Peach Aviation Limited and Vanilla Air Inc. merger. By the end of October, we completed the integration of operations. While we curtailed the use of resources temporarily due to aircraft conversions and flight crew transition training, we transferred 10 routes previ- ously operated by Vanilla Air to Peach.
At the same time, geopolitical risks in Hong Kong and South Korea had a negative impact on performance, as did the spread of COVID-19 beginning in February. In response, we canceled or reduced 2,088 flights across 23 international and domestic routes.
As a result, passengers numbers amounted to 7.28 million, a decrease of 10.6% year on year. Operating revenues were 12.5% lower, at ¥81.9 billion.
Fiscal 2020 Business Policies
We introduced Narita–Kagoshima and Narita–Nagasaki service on our domestic routes at the end of March. In mid-June we resumed service for all routes, and in late July, we resumed service for all flights, strengthening our efforts to capture leisure travel demand. On August 1, we launched the Narita–Miyazaki and Narita–Kushiro routes, building on the strengths estab- lished by the Peach brand over the years and expanding routes offered from our LCC base in Narita, taking over from Vanilla Air.
LCC Business: Operating Revenues
(¥ Billions)
Takeaki Mori
Representative Director & CEO
Peach Aviation Limited
After serving many passengers in Japan and overseas, Vanilla Air ceased operations at the end of October 2019 and completed a merger with Peach Aviation. Many who transferred from Vanilla Air, including pilots, cabin atten- dants, maintenance crew, and other employees, are now serving as the mainstay of Peach operations.
This merger has combined the strengths of each company, including Peach’s innovative initiatives out of the Kansai International Airport and Vanilla Air’s creation of new Tokyo metropolitan area demand at the Narita Airport. The shared management resources provide economies of scale that have strengthened our business foundation.
In addition to the routes taken over from Vanilla Air, Peach introduced service between Narita and Kagoshima, Nagasaki, Miyazaki, and Kushiro, establish- ing a firm presence in the Tokyo metropolitan area.
At present, travel remains restricted significantly due to the impact of COVID-19. At the same time, accelera- tion of telework and other work-style reforms have led to more leisure time and even the potential for working from resorts or family homes in rural areas. Seeing these trends, we believe the importance of travel to meet others and enjoying the novelty of visiting new places
will only continue to increase. The concept of travel has changed and will continue to expand in the future.
By communicating the good qualities and new charms of Japan to the rest of the world, we believe we can develop even more demand in inbound tourist travel.
And Peach was one of the first to increase domestic route flights, with the theme of Bridging Your Sky. We will expand our domestic network to function fully in our role as a bridge, contributing to the revitalization of econo- mies in Japan’s outlying regions and of Japan as a whole. In addition, we expect the tabinoco website (user- generated travel content platform) to generate new demand, serving as a bridge connecting passengers with other passengers and Japan’s rural areas.
Governments will begin lifting travel restrictions in phases in the near future. Over the medium to long term, we plan to once again expand our international business, taking advantage of our substantial domestic network to encourage inbound travelers to see even more of what Japan has to offer.
Peach will secure a position as the leading LCC in Asia, both in customer satisfaction and in market share.
Travel Services: Operating Revenues
(¥ Billions)
            167.3
160.6 159.2
150.7
     2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
143.9
   36
37
69.8
2015
2016 2017 2018
81.9
2019 (FY)
87.5 75.6
93.6
264.4 231.9
284.3
291.0
299.4
2019 (FY)
2015 2016 2017 2018
  Trade and Retail: Operating Revenues
(¥ Billions)
      * The above graph represents the combined total of Peach and Vanilla Air results (fiscal 2015–2016 includes Peach results before consolidation).
150.6
144.7
2019 (FY)
 140.2
2015
143.0 136.7
    2016 2017 2018

 Business Progress
    ANA Group Response to COVID-19
Creating a New Standard for Air Travel
The global spread of COVID-19 has led to the start of a new lifestyle standard in many aspects of our daily lives. In June 2020, ANA launched the ANA Care Promise as a shared commitment to our customers to pro- tect the health of our passengers and staff, creating a carefully detailed environment emphasizing measures to prevent disease infection. Peach Aviation has also committed to creating a new standard in the skies through similar measures and the concerted efforts of all employees.
We will continue to place the highest priority on safety, providing clean, hygienic environments and ser- vices to offer even greater peace of mind to our customers in every travel situation.
Overview of Disease-Prevention Measures
We are asking passengers to cooperate with initiatives to prevent the spread of disease; thereby reducing anxiety among all passen- gers. These measures include mandatory wearing of masks or facial coverings in the airport and inside the aircraft, modified proce- dures within the airport, at security checkpoints, at the boarding gate, social distancing, and other measures.
* Passengers who do not wear masks or who are not feeling well (fever, etc.) may be denied boarding. For more detailed information:
About the ANA Care Promise About Peach Disease-Prevention Measures https://www.ana.co.jp/en/jp/topics/coronavirus-travel-information/ https://www.flypeach.com/information/en/infection_control/
  1
Create a hygienic and clean environment
at all times
• Disinfect and sterilize equipment, etc.
• Package food and drinks in the lounge, etc.
   2
Implement preventive measures for staff
who interact with customers
• Wear masks, face shields, etc. (airport and lounge staff) • Wear masks, gloves, and goggles, etc. (cabin attendants)
   3
Disinfect all aircraft on a regular basis
• International route aircraft (every flight) • Domestic route aircraft (every night)
   4
Thorough ventilation inside the aircraft
• Ventilate all air in the cabin in three minutes by drawing in clean outside air
• Equip all aircraft with high-performance filters* to filter and circulate air inside the cabin
Ceiling air conditioning ducts
Lower cargo compartment
Draw in air
Vent air out of the aircraft from the engine
* Type used in hospital operating room air conditioners
    38
 Special Feature
 Establishing
  avatar-in is a futuristic platform that allows anyone to connect beyond geographical distances or physical restrictions.
By launching a new venture for this platform, we will accelerate business speed and contribute to the society of the future in next-generation social infrastructure.
In April 2020, ANA Holdings established avatarin Inc. as our first-ever start-up.
An avatar is a remote-controlled alter ego robot that enables interactive telepresence. ANA Holdings launched the ANA AVATAR project in 2018, developing robots and researching mobility that does not require physical movement. We see great potential yet to be unlocked in use cases for these avatars. For instance, avatars can contribute to resolving a myriad of social issues in areas like education and healthcare, as well as generate new travel demand.
To achieve the wings within ourselves to fulfill the hopes and dreams of an interconnected world as defined in our Mission Statement, avatarin Inc. will address business domains beyond the airline framework, creating new value unique to the ANA Group.
39
 
   Business Progress
MISSION
To expand humanity’s potential by offering new abilities through avatars.
Avatar Use Cases
Participate in office meetings from home
Participate in online graduation ceremonies
Healthcare / Nursing care (Remote visits / Remote care)
Remote medical care Shopping / Sightseeing
Shop while receiving store staff advice
View popular new releases at the bookstore
        newme,
a wider general-use avatar model
avatar-in, avatar platform Creating a future society in which anyone can participate, freely connecting via the internet to avatars placed in many different locations
Students living on a remote island visit the Tokyo National Museum remotely
Well-known basketball coach provides direct instruction remotely
   Conferences
Remote work
Office / Meetings
Playing with children living far away
Remote hospital visits
Education / Seminars
Museums / Entertainment
Information centers / Multilingual support
Major Businesses
• Develop and offer services using avatar remote-controlled alter ego robots and the avatar-in platform
• Offer proposals to resolve social issues through avatars
 40
41
Akira Fukabori
Founder & CEO, avatarin Inc.
Our mission is to expand humanity’s potential by offering new abilities through avatars. We believe that it is our mission to harness technology that eliminates distance, time, and physical constraints on movement, providing a new method of travel that transcends aircraft or other existing methods.
Currently, avatarin Inc. uses the remote-controlled alter ego robot avatar and the world’s first avatar platform avatar-in to
create an environment in which anyone can freely and instantly project their presence to any location. Our aim is to make a world in which all people can easily participate in society. newme is a wider general-use avatar designed for maximum market penetration, installed in locations that include medical facilities, tourism sites, and schools. By transferring consciousness and presence to newme, users can travel beyond geographical and physical limitations. For example, hospital patients can enjoy shopping and sightseeing, teachers can conduct classes at schools on remote islands, etc.
Today, the impact of COVID-19 has caused rapid growth in social needs for contactless and remote technologies. The spread of online work and teleconferencing has resulted in issues including fewer opportunities for small talk and
serendipity (chance events and experiences), more difficulty in team building, and greater challenges in developing new ideas. With avatars, users can move around the office, conference halls, and other locations freely from their own home. This system creates a realistic environment in which users can visit and talk to someone without constraints, take a casual stroll, have chance encounters, glean hints of potential ideas from accidental meetings or discoveries, and so on.
By advancing the greater fusion of real and virtual, avatars offer new abilities for all people. We are firm in our belief
that we can contribute to resolving various social issues by connecting people without concern to distance, time, and physical restrictions, as well as by proposing new, mutually supportive lifestyles. To promote the spread of avatars and
gain acceptance for the avatar platform as social infrastructure, we will proceed in the joint development of robots and services via collaboration and equity partnerships with a wide range of companies.
Air travel passengers make up only 6% of the world’s popu- lation. We are transitioning from the era of physical travel to an era of teleported consciousness. The ANA Group, which began with only two helicopters, will supplement the movement of aircraft and offer instant mobility in the form of avatars. As we leverage ideas unique to us as an airline group, we will continue to evolve avatarin Inc. and contribute to the creation of the society of the future.
  
    Sustainability Initiatives
The ANA Group strives to resolve social issues through our business activities to keep growing together with society. We establish a long-term vision for ourselves, executing our strategies steadily to improve corporate value sustainably.
What Does the
ANA Group DNA Mean to You?
 42
43
Always remembering to be thankful to our customers and colleagues, and engaging in strong teamwork to deliver safety and security.
Yoko Kobayashi
ANA Cabin Attendant

         Sustainability Initiatives
 ANA GROUP ESG MANAGEMENT
The Social Environment Surrounding the ANA Group
Various social issues exist around the world, including global warming and climate change, energy resource short- ages, increasing ocean plastic waste and microplastics, poverty, and child labor. More voices are calling for a response from not only national and local governments
but also from private-sector companies. Examples include the CO2 emissions reduction goals set under the Paris Agreement and the SDGs, which are global common
goals to be achieved by 2030.
Especially over the past several years, the issue of climate change has attracted global attention, and CO2 is considered to be one of the causes of global warming.
The central business of the ANA Group is air transportation. Therefore, we must address the impact of our business activities on the environment and society, including reduc- tion of CO2 emissions from flight operations. In addition,
the Air Transportation Business is susceptible to external factors, such as natural disasters, terrorism, and the spread of infectious disease. Creating stability in our global environ- ment and social circumstances is critical for our business operations.
The ESG Management Promotion Cycle
for Sustainable Growth
Having gained an understanding of the surrounding envi- ronment, the ANA Group pursues ESG management to become an indispensable part of society in the future,
to grow continually as a company, and to create value.
We identify social demands through dialogue with stakeholders, and then align our corporate strategy with these requirements, evaluating the impact on business and society. Finally, we incorporate these requirements into corporate initiatives. We disclose the status of our initiatives on our corporate website and through other channels as necessary. At the same time, we engage in regular dialogue with stakeholders based on information we disclose. We also report our progress and confirm the appropriateness of our initiatives in those dialogues.
We pursue ESG management through a cycle of dialogue, initiatives, and information disclosure. Here, our aim is to develop a sustainable society and to increase corporate value.
ANA Group ESG Management Promotion Cycle
Dialogue
  EvaluattettheeimImppaacctstsoonnbusi- BneussinaensdssaoncdieStyociety
    Environment
Human Rights
Diversity and Inclusion
Regional Revitalization
Governance
• Reduce CO2 emissions
• Reduce resource waste • Reduce food waste
• Biodiversity conservation
• Responsibility to respect human rights
• Promote responsible procurement and supply-chain management
E
S
G
   • Human resource development to support sustainable growth
• Responding to the diversity of our customers • Promote regional revitalization through
tourism and social contribution activities • Utilizing innovation to solve social issues
• Maintain commitment of top management • Pursue board of director diversity
• Ensure transparency
  Dialogue
  External Dialogue
Internal Dialogue
Stakeholder Dialogue
 • Inte•gIrnatedgrRaetpeodrtReport • Human Rights Report
• Websites
• Websites
... and other channels
Stakeholder Dialogue
Aliignmeennt wt WithitChorporate
Strategy
Corporate Strategy
Initiatives
  Mission Statement Built on a foundation of
Create Both Social Value and Economic Value, aiming to develop a sustainable society and increase corporate value
security and trust, “the
of security and trust,
wings within ourselves” help to fulfill the hopes
“the wings within
and dreams of an inter-
ourselves” help to
connected world.
Dialogue Based on Dialogue Based on
fulfill the hopes and
dreams of an inter-
connected worIldn.formation
Disclosure
ANA Group Material Issues
in ESG Management
We aligned the social demands identified through dia- logue with stakeholders with our corporate strategy. After evaluating the impact on business and society, we identi- fied four material issues, and we have been engaged in addressing these issues through our business activities.
In fiscal 2015, we identified three material issues: the environment, diversity and inclusion (D&I), and regional revitalization. In fiscal 2016, we added human rights as
a fourth material issue. In fiscal 2019, we established the ANA Group ESG Commitments. At that time, we held dialogues with experts and conducted management-level discussions to confirm that these four material issues would continue to be material issues for the ANA Group.
 Information Disclosed Information Disclosed
  • Human Rights Report
... and other channels.
Disclose Sttaatutussoof fInInititaiativtievses
 Materiality Matrix
Extremely important
Rationale for Identification as Material Issues
For Society
 Environment
Human Rights
For the ANA Group
     P54
• Controlling fuel costs
• Controlling the costs of future emission trading schemes
• Maintaining / improving evaluations by avoiding environmental risk
• Reducing environmental footprint
    P58
• Maintaining / improving evaluations through avoiding human rights risk
• Realizing a world that respects human rights
        Diversity and Inclusion
P60
• Improving profitability
by generating new demand
• Providing an issue resolution system to strengthen capacity to respond to customers
• Realizing an inclusive society
       Regional Revitalization
P64
• Improving profitability by generat- ing new inbound tourism demand
• Maintaining / improving profitability of domestic airline business
• Improving profits of international airline business
• Revitalize regional economies
• Promoting international exchange
    Society Axis
Consideration for stakeholders / Impact on society and the environment
Human Rights
•Human rights violations across the supply chain
Diversity and Inclusion
•Diversity of customers and employees
Environment
•Climate change •Environmental
pollution
Regional Revitalization
•Decline of Japanese regions •Income / education disparity in
    Management Axis
Extremely important
emerging countries
 Impact on the operations of the ANA Group
(Mission Statement, Management Vision, direction of corporate strategy, business opportunities and risks)
 44
45
Material Issues

Sustainability Initiatives
 FURTHER PROMOTION OF ESG MANAGEMENT
Developing ANA Group ESG Commitments
To become an indispensable part of society in the future and to grow continually, the ANA Group must address environmental and social issues through our business activities from a long-term perspective.
We strive to solve material issues related to the environment, human rights, D&I, and regional revitalization. To further promote ESG management from a long-term perspective, we developed ANA Group ESG Commitments based on the following three viewpoints. We will continue to address these issues in achieving our commitments.
Reduced through energy conservation
Please visit our corporate website for more details
on ANA Group ESG Commitments https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/commitment/
Environment
Delve deeper into energy conservation mea- sures and pursue a shift to renewable energy sources. At the same time, plan to introduce hybrid vehicles (HVs), electric vehicles (EVs), and fuel cell vehicles (FCVs) for use in air- ports, while upgrading existing equipment in our facilities and buildings to more energy- efficient models over time.
Environment
    Eliminate CO2 emissions from all non-aircraft flight operations by 2050
           Commitments to Be Achieved by 2050
Commitments to
Pursue on an Ongoing 2 Basis through 2030, the Final Target Year
for the SDGs
Matters for Which We 3 Provide Disclosure and Report Results
on a Continued Basis
Eliminate CO2 Emissions
2050
1
1
(Million ton)
12
International
2019
       Shift to renewable energy
     Reduce our resource waste ratio to zero and reduce food waste, including in-flight meals, by 50%
   Reduce CO2 emissions from aircraft flight operations by 50% (compared to 2005)
   10
8
6
4
2
0
Based on the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, make every effort to promote the respect of human rights.
Commitments to Be Achieved by 2050
Promote the 3Rs (reduce, reuse, and recycle resources, such as plastic and paper). Reduce food waste throughout the product life cycle (food material procurement, preparation, delivery, and disposal).
2
 Environment
Address the environment from the following four viewpoints.
(1) Adopt new technologies
Move forward in introducing fuel-efficient aircraft and improved engines, including the Boeing 787 and Airbus A320neo / A321neo models, developed through new technology.
(2) Improve flight operations
Reduce fuel consumption by improvements in aircraft flight operation, regularly cleaning the inside of the engine, and reducing the weight of equipment installed.
(3) Introduction of sustainable aviation fuel (SAF)
Continue to introduce SAF produced from sustainable sources, such as vegetable oil, animal fat, and waste biomass.
(4) Utilize emission trading schemes (purchase CO2 emissions credit)
Reduce CO2 emissions globally by purchasing CO2 emission credit generated by lower CO2 emissions in businesses other than aviation. To prevent a further increase of CO2 emissions in and after 2021, plan to use market mechanisms in addition to initiatives described in (1) to (3) above.
Commitments to Pursue on an Ongoing Basis through 2030, the Final Target Year for the SDGs
  Responsibility to respect human rights
Human Rights
Environment / Human Rights
Manage and promote environment-con- scious procurement with respect to human rights and build a fair and transparent supply chain.
Regional Revitalization
Provide new value through avatars, drones, MaaS*, etc., and cooperate with different industries.
* Mobility as a Service (MaaS): Integration of various forms of transport services into a single mobility service on demand.
Promote responsible procurement and supply- chain management
Utilizing innovation to solve social issues
 Domestic
       50%
reduction compared to 2005
2050
3
Matters for Which We Provide Disclosure and Report Results on a Continued Basis
     Human resources development to support sustainable growth
Diversity and Inclusion
Diversity and Inclusion
Respect the needs and diversity of each customer, and pro- mote universal services in both products and services.
Regional Revitalization
Contribute to regional revitalization through social contribution activities and by solving social issues.
Responding to the diversity of our customers
       46
47
2005
2019
Develop human resources and a sustainable work environ- ment in which employees raise their productivity and contrib- ute to sustainable corporate growth.
Environment
Contribute to biodiversity conservation by promoting and enhancing measures to prevent illegal wildlife trade.
Biodiversity conservation
Regional revitalization

Sustainability Initiatives
 FURTHER PROMOTION OF ESG MANAGEMENT
Process to Establish ANA Group ESG Commitments
We developed the ANA Group ESG Commitments in three steps: (1) Identify social demands; (2) Categorize and prioritize social demands to develop commitments; and (3) Verify appropriateness and finalize commitments.
The first step is to identify social demands through regular dialogue with stakeholders (Step 1). The second step is to identify ESG issues related to our businesses and develop ANA Group ESG Commitments (Step 2). The third step is to verify the appropriateness of the commitments through dialogue with ESG investors and to finalize commitments in the Group Management Committee (Step 3).
  1Step
Identify Social Demands
  S2tep
Prioritize Social
Categorize and
Demands to Develop Commitments
3Step
Appropriateness
Verify
and Finalize Commitments
   Identify Social Demands through Dialogue with Stakeholders
Management Level Discussions
We discussed and developed the ANA Group ESG Commitments in our Group Management Committee. This committee operates under the chairmanship of the president and consists of full-time directors and full-time Audit & Supervisory Board members.
The Group Management Committee discussed the social demands identified through dialogue and the ESG issues related to our businesses as identified by our corporate sus- tainability and other relevant operation departments in accor- dance with our Mission Statement and in consideration of the impact on our business and society.
ANA Group Management Committee Deliberations
Verifying Targets with Our Stakeholders
To objectively verify the appropriateness of the ANA Group ESG Commitments developed within the Group Management Committee, we held more dialogues with the ESG investors who helped us first identify social demands. We received opinions on the appropriateness of commitments and future information disclosure.
ESG Investors Participating in Dialogues
• Hermes EOS (Hermes Equity Ownership Services) • CHRB (Corporate Human Rights Benchmark)
Finalizing the ANA Group ESG Commitments
The Group Management Committee again discussed and then finalized the ANA Group ESG Commitments after con- firming the appropriateness of commitments with ESG inves- tors. The final ANA Group ESG Commitments were reported to the board of directors.
Opinions at the Board of Directors’ Meeting
 When developing the ANA Group ESG Commitments, we engage in dialogue with ESG experts to understand the social expectations and requirements of the ANA Group.
Dialogue Regarding the SDGs
More details are available on our corporate website.
https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/communications/discussion/ https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/communications/dialogue/
Dialogue with ESG Investors
Participating Organizations
• Hermes Equity Ownership Services (Hermes EOS) • Corporate Human Rights Benchmark (CHRB)
© Caux Round Table Japan
Dialogue Regarding Business and Human Rights
        2019
2020
Shinya Katanozaka
ANA HOLDINGS INC.
President & Chief Executive Officer
Norichika Kanie
Keio University Graduate School of Media and Governance Professor
July
August
November
February
•
• •
•
•
Identifying the latest social trends and investor trends
Understanding social demands and requirements of the ANA Group Suggesting ESG issues related to our businesses
Suggesting ANA Group ESG Commitments for the ANA Group based on social demands
Revisiting commitments and suggesting implementation structure
 Dialogue Regarding the Environment
Participating Organizations
• WWF Japan
• Conservation International Japan • IATA JAPAN
For more, see P.59
• •
The board recommended that per-unit reduction should also be addressed in tandem with social trends for total CO2 reduction.
The board noted that ESG management is being driven by Europe. The Group should not simply adopt European-style ESG, but rather strike a balance on a case-by-case basis and in reflection of Japanese values.
Participating Organizations
• The Danish Center for Human Rights
• Institute for Human Rights and Business • World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA)
    48
49
© Caux Round Table Japan
© Caux Round Table Japan

Sustainability Initiatives
 DIALOGUE WITH EXPERTS ON ESG
The COVID-19 pandemic has changed social values and behavior. We conducted an interview with ESG experts to better understand social trends and respond appropriately.
These interviews consisted of questionnaire responses, rather than face-to-face meetings, considering safety. We will continue to engage in dialogue with stakeholders to understand and identify social demands.
It is appreciated that ANA Group is committed to the UN Guiding Principles (UNGPs) through its Human Rights policy, training and Human Rights Due Diligence (HRDD). With social dis- tancing here to stay for coming month HRDD process will be tested, due to tough business environment and limited in-person engagement (with employees, suppliers and rights hold- ers) in the value chain. Particularly, impacts on travellers will be due to with travel restrictions, increased sanitisation, social distancing at airports as well as inside the aircrafts. Some rights holders* will be more impacted than the others, thus it will be important to keep re- evaluating needs and Human Rights risks in ANA’s value chain.
* Rights-holders: People impacted directly by corporate activities, etc.
The world today is a different place: are we still a global society?
I believe our ‘new normal’ will be different because—perhaps for the first time in our lives—we will try not to lose what we have found. How ANA Group copes with the shift to a smaller global travel and hospitality sector will be a case study for how to keep sight of what matters. Those parts of the business that were in the shadows will now fall into the light. The decisions on what to cut and what to keep will require close examination of what was waste- ful and what was valuable.
  Topics
Implementation Period
Expectations and concerns required of the ANA Group due to changes in consciousness after the spread of COVID-19
June to July 2020
Summary
© Caux Round Table Japan
Rishi Sher Singh
Specialist in Global Value Chains
    Hiroshi Ishida
Executive Director, Caux Round Table Japan
In order to achieve the medium and long-term goals set by the ANA Group, ANA Group will continue to focus on medium to long-term trends and follow the ESG-related efforts which include the respect for human rights, environmental considerations, etc. In addition, we expect that it will be possible to build a resilience business model by absorbing the change in social value due to the impact of COVID-19 in the long-term trend.
Under the COVID-19, it is important for the ANA Group to pursue transparency in the process of identifying new ESG issues and to develop a “Quality Relationship” with the aim of improving reliability with ESG-related investors.
In the context of the COVID-19 crisis, companies are expected to put adequate measures in place to make sure that they manage human rights risks connected to the pandemic. This should include at a minimum a commitment from the company to respect human rights in this crisis and a clear allocation of responsibility inside the company to ensure that this is achieved in practice. It is crucial for companies to take necessary steps to identify, assess and manage the human rights risks connected to the COVID-19 crisis through a robust human rights due diligence process. For a company with a large supply chain like ANA Group, adopting responsible purchasing practices to protect suppliers should be a priority. Companies are also expected to provide effective remedy, including the availability of griev- ance mechanisms through which complaints related to COVID-19 concerns can be made without the fear of retaliation.
More than ever, the COVID-19 crisis shows the need for sustainable, inclusive develop- ment and provides the opportunity to ‘build back better’: making society and the economy more resilient by protecting fundamental human rights, aligning short-term economic inter- ests with long-term needs, and ensuring continued momentum on the SDGs.
Puvan Selvanathan
Chair,
Bluenumber Foundation and Former Member of the UN Working Group on Business and Human Rights
    50
51
Camille Le Pors
Lead, Corporate Human Rights Benchmark, World Benchmarking Alliance
The COVID-19 pandemic provided an unexpected temporary reduction in CO2 emissions and other environmental impacts. Companies that return to their old ways of doing business and cannot transform may be disqualified by society in the post-COVID-19 world. As such, 37 companies and 28 industry groups in Europe have joined the Green Recovery Alliance*. The ANA Group post-COVID-19 recovery shall pursue the concept of Do No Harm to avoid returning to the pre-COVID-19 CO2 emission level, and to further efforts towards Net Zero of all negative environmental and social impacts, not just carbon emissions. ANA Group shall take advantage of this window of opportunity to become a leader in green recovery and sustainability, and to commit as early as possible to the stakeholders, especially the future generations.
* Green Recovery Alliance: An informal alliance of political leaders, civil society groups and NGOs, CEO and business associations, and the European trade union confederation. This alliance promotes the EU post-pandemic recovery plan, accelerating the transition toward climate neutrality and healthy ecosystems.
Yasushi Hibi
Vice President, Conservation International

Sustainability Initiatives
 DIALOGUE WITH EXPERTS ON ESG
      FY2019 Evaluation
FY2022 Targets
Remarks
        DJSI
World Index
Asia Pacific Index
Selected as a component member
 Maintained status as noted (left)
Stock index developed jointly by U.S.-based S&P and Switzerland-based RobecoSAM. Evaluates corporate sustainability from the perspectives
of economy, environment, and society.
      FTSE
Selected as a component member of FTSE4Good Index
Maintained status as noted (left)
Stock index managed by U.K.-based FTSE. Evaluates the initiatives and results of ESG management based on benchmarks.
       MSCI
*
Selected as a component member of the Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN)
Selected as a compo- nent member of the Japan ESG Select Leaders Index
Stock index managed by U.S.-based MSCI.
An index based on the performance of stocks around the world from various perspectives. Examines and evaluates corporate commitment to ESG.
          CDP
B
A–
External evaluation for institutional investors managed by a U.K.-based NPO. Analyzes the corporate impact of CO2 on the environment and climate change, evaluating the company’s responses.
     TOBAI Sadayosi
Chief Executive Officer WWF Japan
©WWF Japan
More and more governments around the world are adopting the Green Recovery policies, looking ahead to the post-COVID-19 world. More than ever, businesses are being asked to improve sustainability.
WWF has raised Green and Just Recovery, Wildlife Exploitation, and Land Use and Food Systems as important social issues, suggesting the need to review approaches in these areas. The ANA Group is expected to show a long-term post-COVID-19 airline business plan that is consistent with the requirements by the Science Based Targets Initiative* so as to reframe its efforts to reduce greenhouse gases and realize a zero-carbon society. Also, the ANA group is expected to expand measures against illegal trade as a means to prevent infections from animals. Further, it should use resources wisely by reducing and reusing plastics, as well as by sourcing palm oil, timber, paper, and other resources through sustain- able means.
* Science Based Targets Initiative: Science Based Targets is a collaborative initiative among the WWF, CDP, World Resources Institute (WRI) and the UN Global Compact. The initiative encourages companies to adopt emissions reduction targets in line with what the latest climate science says is necessary to limit global warming to well below 2 ̊C above pre-industrial levels.
One of the issues investors are currently focusing on is how companies support, diversify and maintain a sustainable supply chain. It highlights the importance of employment, health, safety, work styles, and satisfaction of employees of the group and supply chain companies are also crucial issues. Besides, investors are paying attention not only to data security
but also to data governance, because AI-based analysis and utilization of customer and employee data requires a partnership with the external parties.
As the global aviation industry is expected to remain in a tough situation for a while, I hope the ANA Group will re-question what it can do and find new growth opportunities as a resilient company in the Post-COVID-19 era.
Using External Evaluations Related to ESG
Results of the four following external evaluations have provided us with an objective and multifaceted understanding of ANA Group ESG management. We intend to reflect these results in officer remuneration.
* THE INCLUSION OF ANA HOLDINGS INC. IN ANY MSCI INDEX, AND THE USE OF MSCI LOGOS, TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS OR INDEX NAMES HEREIN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE
A SPONSORSHIP, ENDORSEMENT OR PROMOTION OF ANA HOLDINGS INC. BY MSCI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES.
THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES AND LOGOS ARE TRADEMARKS OR SERVICE MARKS OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES.
  Masaru Arai
ESG Implementation Structure
We established the Group ESG Management Promotion Committee (which was renamed from the Group CSR / Risk Management / Compliance Committee in April. 2020) in accordance with Group ESG Management Promotion Committee Regulations. This committee, which operates under the guidance of the president and under the chairmanship of the director in charge of corporate sustainability, consists of ANA HOLDINGS and Group company directors, executive officers, and the full-time Audit & Supervisory Board members of ANA HOLDINGS. The committee establishes core policies, formulates proposals, and deliber- ates matters related to ESG management. After deliberations, important issues are elevated to the board of directors, the Audit & Supervisory Board, and the Group Management Committee.
Each Group company has an appointed ESG promotion officer (EPO) to oversee ESG and ESG promotion leader (EPL) to lead the ESG activi- ties of their respective organization.
Chair, Japan Sustainable Investment Forum (JSIF)
ESG Implementation Structure
  Board of Directors, Other Management Committees, etc.
  Group ESG Management Promotion Committee
  Being a Company Indispensable to Society in the Post-COVID-19 World
ANA HOLDINGS President & Chief Executive Officer
 Chief ESG Promotion Officer (CEPO)
* Director in charge of ANA HOLDINGS Corporate Sustainability
     52
53
Chikako Miyata
Senior Vice President, Director of Corporate Sustainability
ANA HOLDINGS INC.
The ANA Group is being affected by the COVID-19 pandemic in significant ways. However, the direction in which we promote ESG management from a long-term per- spective will remain unchanged after we overcome this crisis. We aim to become a resilient company by listening to and accurately understanding the social demands of the post-COVID-19 world.
We will reflect the input of experts in our strategic initiatives. We also continue to aim to create a sustainable society (contribute to the SDGs) and increase corporate value by identifying social demands through ongoing dialogue with stakeholders and by implementing measures appropriately.
ESG Promotion Officer (EPO)
* Selected by Group company directors
 Management Committee Related to ESG Promotion
 ESG Promotion Leader (EPL)
  Group companies

  Environment
 ANA Group ESG Commitments
Reduce CO2 emissions from aircraft flight operations by 50% (compared to 2005) Eliminate CO2 emissions from all non-aircraft flight operations by 2050
Reduce our resource waste ratio to zero and reduce food waste, including in-flight meals, by 50%
Continue initiatives toward conservation of biodiversity
 Utilize emission trading schemes (purchase CO2 emissions credits)
(Left axis) Index: 2005 results = 100
  1 Save fuel through flight crew initiatives
• Reduce climbing resistance by raising flaps
earlier after takeoff
• Maintain engine RPMs at only the necessary levels during thrust reverser use after landing
• Shut down one engine during post-landing taxi
• Adopt / implement continuous descent approach and expand the number of eligible airports
2 Save fuel by optimizing flight routes
3 Save fuel in airport, equipment operations
     Sustainability Initiatives
 MATERIAL ISSUES
Please visit our corporate website for more: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/environment/
Progress Report: ANA FLY ECO 2020 Medium- to Long-Term Environmental Plan for FY2012–2020
     Reduction of 20%
(vs. Fiscal 2005 levels) in CO2 emissions
per revenue ton-kilometers on international and domestic routes
Limit total domestic route CO2 emissions to
under 4.4 million tons / year on average
Fiscal 2019
Limited to 4.0 million tons
Reduce ground operations energy consumption by
1% annually on an intensity basis
(compliance with the Act on the Rational Use of Energy)
Fiscal 2019
9.1% reduction
vs. previous fiscal year
Fiscal 2005
1.25 kgCO2/RTK
Fiscal 2019 1.01kgCO2/RTK
 Basic Approach
The ANA Group has introduced the ANA Group Environmental Principles and the ANA Group Environmental Policies. These principles and policies build on the ANA FLY ECO 2020 medium- to long-term environmental plan from fiscal 2012 to fiscal 2020 and include initiatives for reducing environmental impact. We recognize that global environmental issues, including climate change and biodiversity conservation, are quintessential management tasks, and we will continue striving to reduce our environmental impact.
In fiscal 2020, the final year of ANA FLY ECO 2020, we have formulated long-term targets looking ahead to the year 2050. We are proceeding with the formulation of a medium-term environmental plan leading to the year 2030 to help us achieve these long-term targets.
Complete implementation of noise control measures for international and domestic flight aircraft
Complete implementation of air pollution control measures for international and domestic flight aircraft
Fiscal 2019
100% Compliance with ICAO Emission Standards for all
aircraft (including leased aircraft)
Introduction of Lightweight Cabin Seats
We adopted aircraft seats devel-
oped jointly with Toyota Boshoku Corporation on domestic routes.
These seats allow us to reduce
weight in-cabin by 195kg across
all aircraft versus traditional specifications. In turn, this
weight reduction has led to a
reduction of approximately 15kl
in annual fuel consumption per aircraft.
Use single-engine taxiing and reduce usage of thrust reversers
While still ensuring safety, we can reduce the use of thrust reversers during landing, limiting engine output, and taxiing on the ground with a single engine after landing. These measures will lead to reduced CO2 emissions.
Engine cleaning
We can restore engine performance
through regular cleaning of inside components using water. This main- tenance has been proved to lower
the combustion temperature of the
engine, improve fuel efficiency, and
reduce CO2 emissions by approximately 1%.
   Fiscal 2019 100%
Compliance with ICAO Chapter 4 Noise Standard for all aircraft (including leased aircraft)
  Global Trends
The aviation industry is heavily dependent on fossil fuels, with approximately 2% of all CO2 emitted around the world said to be generated from the aviation field.
In recent years, there has been a growing sense of crisis about climate change issues, and the aviation industry is accel- erating its efforts to reduce CO2.
The Paris Agreement was adopted at the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21).
Prior to this, Carbon Neutral Growth 2020 (CNG2020) had been adopted in the aviation sector following a resolution of the 2010 ICAO (International Civil Aviation Organization) Assembly. The target of CNG2020 is to keep the global net carbon emis- sions from international aviation from 2021 at the same level.
Additionally, the International Air Transport Association (IATA) has set the ambitious goal of reducing CO2 net carbon emissions by 50% by the year 2050 compared to 2005.
Other initiatives have advanced across the industry to curb CO2 emissions. These initiatives include the adoption in the
Information Disclosure on Response to Climate Change
Initiatives to Curb CO2 Emissions
Adopt New Technologies
Introduction of Fuel-Efficient Aircraft
The ANA Group is actively introducing state-of-the-art aircraft to reduce CO2 emissions from aircraft. These aircraft include the Boeing 787 and Airbus A320neo / A321neo, which feature excellent fuel efficiency. As of the end of March 2020, fuel- efficient aircraft accounted for 70.3% of the Group fleet. The ANA Group is also a launch customer for the Boeing 787. Consisting of 73 aircraft, our Boeing 787 fleet is the largest among the world’s airlines.
Improve Flight Operations
 2016 ICAO Assembly of the Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme, which is a scheme for achieving the CNG2020 goal.
CO2 Emissions Forecast and Reduction Targets
 CO2 Emissions
100 50
2005
Emissions based on current, unchanged trajectory Carbon Neutral Growth 2020 Change in total emissions
Improve flight operations
Adopt new technologies
Introduction of SAF
CNG2020
50% reduction by 2050
2050
   2010
2020 2030
2040
Drafted based on the IATA Vision
  CDP
Disclosure of information on corporate strategies for CO2 emissions and climate change.
TCFD
Science Based Targets (SBT)
Greenhouse gas reduction targets based on scientific evidence consistent with the Paris Agreement. The ANA Group declared our commitment to the SBTs in May 2020. We are participating in a technical subcom- mittee creating reduction targets and rules for the aviation sector.
    54
55
Disclosure of information analyzing the risks and opportunities posed by climate change to our business.

Sustainability Initiatives
 ENVIRONMENT
Introduction of Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF)
To prevent increasing CO2 emissions for 2021 and beyond, the ICAO Assembly adopted the use of renewable aviation fuels other than the conventional fossil fuels. This development requires the use of SAF, jet fuel made from sustainable sources such as veg- etable oil, animal fat, and waste biomass. Considering the SAF life cycle, it is preferable that SAF be locally produced for local con- sumption. Therefore, we are pursuing efforts toward the adoption of SAF together with relevant institutions and businesses inside and outside Japan for stable production both domestically and overseas.
In October 2019, ANA received delivery at Haneda Airport of
a new Boeing 777-300ER from the manufacturer’s Everett plant (Washington State, U.S.A.). This aircraft uses exhaust gas-derived SAF manufactured by U.S.-based LanzaTech. For this flight, ANA not only purchased and used SAF but also took the lead in trans- porting SAF from the factory, mixing the fuel, inspecting quality, and refueling. In this way, we acted as the main player throughout the supply chain.
IATA-Hosted SAF Symposium Lecture (New Orleans, U.S.A.)
The IATA hosted the SAF Symposium in New Orleans in November 2019.
As a panelist, ANA stated that we would work with governments, related institu- tions, and businesses to ensure the stable production of SAF in Japan as well.
Utilize Emission Trading Schemes (Purchase CO2 Emissions Credits)
We are exploring the potential for using ICAO-approved programs to trade emission credits (purchase CO2 credits), since it will become mandatory to offset increased CO2 emissions on and after 2021. We recognize that these credits are also an effective method for offset reduction.
Initiatives in Non-Aircraft Operations
Based on energy management standards established uniquely for and by the ANA Group, we reduced CO2 generated outside of aircraft operations by 4.4% compared with the previous fiscal year. We achieved this result by upgrading Group-owned and leased facilities with energy-saving equipment and by using renewable energy, including solar power generated in-house. In fiscal 2020, we began purchasing and expanding our use of electricity from renewable sources.
ANA, ANA Catering Service Co., Ltd., and ANA Foods Co., Ltd. received the Excellence in Energy Efficiency Award (S Class) certifi- cation under the Act on the Rational Use of Energy of the Ministry of Trade, Economy and Industry for a fifth consecutive year.
Initiatives to Reduce Environmental Impact
Carbon Offset Program
In response to customer feedback, the ANA Group now offers the ANA Carbon Offset Program by class on domestic and international routes. This program is a mechanism to offset the amount of CO2 emitted by aircraft. We have chosen projects to support via this program that meet certain certification stan- dards (J-VER, VCS, Gold Standard CER).
Initiatives as an Eco-First Certified Company
In 2008, ANA became the first in the transportation industry and the first airline to become a certified Eco-First Company. We received this honor in recognition of our environmental initia-
tives and corporate stance that emphasizes social responsibility.
One specific initiative recognized was our work to reduce environmental impact by recycling resources. Our efforts here include waste separation (glass bottles, PET bottles, and cans) generated on all international flights arriving in Japan.
Reduce Food Waste
We have expanded in-flight meal reservations in First Class and Business Class sections of our international flights. This service helps us meet passenger requests for in-flight meals and elimi- nate the need to load extra meals. This service improves cus- tomer satisfaction, while reducing food waste.
ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS TRADING Co., Ltd. contributes
to the reduction of food waste by donating surplus food and beverage inventories resulting from the replacement of in-flight products for sale on domestic routes. Donations are made to Second Harvest Japan*, a certified NPO.
* Japan’s first food bank, collecting foods that would otherwise become food loss and delivering it to people in need
Exchanging Disposable Plastics for Eco-Friendly Materials
By the end of fiscal 2020, approximately 70% of the total weight of all disposable plastic products used in-flight and in airport lounges will be eco-friendly materials, such as paper and bio- plastics. In addition, ANA supports the Plastics Smart campaign sponsored by the Ministry of the Environment, and we are engaged in further initiatives in this area.
year, in collaboration with TRAFFIC*1, ANA created an educa- tional program in partnership with ROUTES*2, and we offer education programs both inside and outside the Company. In December 2019, we held a workshop for airport staff in collabo- ration with NARITA INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT CORPORATION.
Support for the Keidanren Declaration of Biodiversity
In June 2020, we announced our support for the Revision to Declaration of Biodiversity by Keidanren and Action Guidelines toward the realization of a sustainable society through the construction of a world that coexists with nature (a society in harmony with nature).
*1 TRAFFIC: An NGO that surveys and monitors wildlife trade. A joint venture between the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) and the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). TRAFFIC sponsors activities through a global network, mainly through bases in ten countries. https://www.traffic.org/
*2 ROUTES: Abbreviation of Reducing Opportunities for Unlawful Transport of Endangered Species. ROUTES is an international collaborative platform for dealing with criminal activities involving the illegal trade of wild animals. The organization implements a variety of programs, mainly in countries / regions where illegal transac- tions occur frequently.
          Taking Action for Biodiversity
Initiatives for Environmental and Ecosystem Conservation
The ANA Group continues to be engaged in environmental conservation activities. Group employees participate in activi- ties that include the ANA Forest of the Heart project in Minami Sanriku, Miyagi Prefecture, as well as invasive plant control activities at Yambaru National Park in Okinawa Prefecture, the Team Chura Sango coral reef conservation project in Onnason Village, and more.
In 2018, ANA signed the Buckingham Palace Declaration, a statement aimed at eradicating illegal wildlife trade. That same
     56
Education program booklet
Workshop on eradication of illegal wildlife trade
57

 Sustainability Initiatives
MATERIAL ISSUES
Human Rights
  ANA Group ESG Commitments
Responsibility to respect human rights: Based on the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, make every effort to promote the respect of human rights.
Promote responsible procurement and supply-chain management: Manage and promote environment-conscious procurement with respect to human rights and build a fair and transparent supply chain.
      Basic Approach
The ANA Group has been working to ensure human rights in accordance with the global standards provided in the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. In April 2016, we established the ANA Group Policy on Human Rights. We based this policy on the International Bill of Human Rights (the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the two International Covenants), the International Labour Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact, and the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. We also encourage our contrac- tors and suppliers to adopt similar policies.
We will continue human rights initiatives, recognizing that respect for human rights lies at the very foundations of the philosophy of the SDGs.
Issuing the Human Rights Report
The ANA Group issued our first Human Rights Report in Japan in 2018, aiming to promote communication with stakeholders through active dissemination of our initiatives to respect human rights. The Group has continued to issue these reports annually since then.
Major Initiatives
In 2016, we conducted a review to identify potential risks to human rights related to business activities across the ANA Group and at all locations where we serve. Our evaluation identified the following four key issues for risk prevention. Note that though we conducted a re-assessment to identify risks in 2019 based on advice from outside experts, we confirmed that there are no changes at present to the four existing key issues, as follows.
Prevent the Use of Airplanes in Human Trafficking
After conducting training for all ANA cabin attendants, we began a program in April 2019 to report potential cases of human trafficking found in-flight to ground facilities.
In 2020, we conducted another human trafficking prevention program to raise awareness among all ANA cabin attendants. The program covered international protocols, notification pro- cedures from within the aircraft, and other response measures.
Stakeholder Engagement
Communication with Our Employees
To deepen an understanding of respect for human rights, we conduct education and awareness activities through in-house training for new employees and newly appointed managers.
In addition, we have been conducting annual e-learning courses for all Group employees as of fiscal 2015. The topic of the fiscal 2019 e-learning course was to leave no one behind. The course was available to approximately 44,000 employees, of which 92% participated.
Involving Business Partners
We inform all contractors and suppliers of the ANA Group Purchasing Guidelines. We work together to ensure their work- place environments uphold respect for human rights.
Note that we are preparing to revise the ANA Group Purchasing Guidelines with the cooperation of third-party insti- tutions to ensure even more responsible procurement.
Please visit our corporate website for more: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/human_rights/
Eradicate Corruption
We emphasize preventive measures in regions considered relatively high-risk among the countries served by the ANA Group.
Following Southeast Asia in 2018, we held seminars on competition and anti-bribery laws in China in 2019 for ANA Group employees and employees on overseas assignments.
Local Dialogue Overseas (Thailand)
We recognize that the fisheries industry in Thailand presents potential human rights risks in the ANA Group supply chain.
In June 2019, we visited Thailand for the purpose of under- standing the state of migrant workers and learning about the response to issues in the fishing industry. We performed local on-site visits and exchanged views with international institu- tions, local NGOs, and others.
In October, we visited a company involved in the production of in-flight meals for ANA flights departing from Thailand. There, we conducted interviews about initiatives related to traceability and exchanged views with local NGOs and others.
    Exchange of views with local NGOs in October @Caux Round Table Japan
  58
59
Survey on Employment Conditions of Foreign Workers in Japan
In 2019, we summarized precautions to take when hiring non- Japanese nationals and shared these with the entire Group. Further, we secured the cooperation of an independent third- party institution (Caux Round Table Japan*1) to conduct inter- views with contractor-employed foreign workers involved in ground handling services at airports.
In 2020, we will begin to identify employment conditions for foreign workers in the supply chain, leveraging technology systems in the process.
Strengthen Supply Chain Management of
In-Flight Meals
We used our participation in the Bluenumber Initiative*2 (in 2017, ANA HOLDINGS was the first Japanese company to join) to register more than 200 partners and producers connected to the ingredients in our in-flight meals. We also conducted a test registration of more than 2,000 articles.
We seek to build a highly transparent food supply chain that includes respect for human rights and environmental conserva- tion in the production process.
Regular Reviews from Human Rights Experts
The ANA Group holds advisory meetings with human rights experts on a regular basis. In October 2019, we invited four human rights experts from the Danish Center for Human Rights*3, the Institute for Human Rights and Business*4, and the World Benchmarking Alliance*5 to evaluate the progress of the ANA Group’s initiatives given the advice received the previous year.
The experts provided advice for stronger information disclosure, new human rights issues requiring caution, places to improve our management systems, and more.
@Caux Round Table Japan
人権報告書 2019
  *1 *2 *3
*4 *5
Caux Round Table Japan: The Caux Round Table is a global network of business leaders working to realize a fair, free, and transparent society through business.
Bluenumber Initiative: The Bluenumber Initiative is a global program to establish food supply chain platforms by Bluenumber Foundation.
Danish Center for Human Rights: The Danish Center for Human Rights was established by the Danish Parliament to gather information and develop tools related to human rights and business.
Institute for Human Rights and Business: Founded in 2009, the Institute for Human Rights and Business is an international think tank active in the field of business and human rights. This Institute is a leading driver of initiatives in this field.
World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA): A benchmarking organization established primarily by the United Nations Foundation, Index Initiative, and British insurance company Aviva. This organization develops benchmark indicators to evaluate company contribution levels to a sustainable society.
 
 Sustainability Initiatives
MATERIAL ISSUES
Diversity and Inclusion
  ANA Group ESG Commitments
Human resources development to support sustainable growth: Develop human resources and a sustainable work environment in which employees raise their productivity.
Responding to the Diversity of Our Customers: Respect the needs and diversity of each customer, and promote universal services in both products and services
  Creating an Environment for Customer Comfort (Facility Legacy of Diversity)
We will continue to create services, facilities, and equipment offering even greater comfort and convenience in any scenes, from pre-departure through arrival.
       Basic Approach
Population demographics are changing in Japan and our customers continue to diversify globally. In this environment, continuing to be chosen and trusted by customers will be crucial for the future of ANA Group growth.
We will accelerate initiatives aimed at providing world-class inclusive and universal services in an effort to fulfill our responsibility as a public transportation entity and build an inclusive society in which everyone can live together.
Implementation Structure
One pillar of our corporate strategy is the FY2018–2022 Universal Service Strategy, which calls for us to respect the diversity of each customer and provide ANA Group services that every customer can enjoy comfortably and with peace of mind.
We carry out initiatives to improve our facilities and services, while at the same time, we identify issues in any scenes, from pre-departure through arrival, and implement action plans to improve convenience in every scenario.
Websites
Create accessible website environments for all to use, regardless of disabilities
Airports (Facilities)
Installation of low counters at 50 airports in Japan / Wider boarding gates
Creating a Society with Accessibility for All
Beyond air transportation, ANA plans to leverage MaaS* as a mechanism to improve accessibility and convenience for all customers. Universal MaaS is a service that enables customers who are hesitant to travel, due to disability, age, or other reason to enjoy travel without stress. The service facilitates seamless transportation by providing information on public transportation fares, barrier-free connection routes, and so on. The system also shares and links customer location information and
Airports (Information)
Remote sign-language services at counters / Morph resin wheelchairs
Aircraft
ANA-original in-flight wheelchairs (available in all aircraft) / Wheelchair-accessible restrooms on selected narrow-body aircraft
necessary assistance information with and among relevant organizations.
In June 2019, ANA started an industry–academic– government joint project with Keikyu Corporation, Yokosuka City, and Yokohama National University. Here, we began proof- of-concept tests for customers traveling in wheelchairs. We will continue to work together with our stakeholders, aiming to launch social implementation by the end of fiscal 2020.
        Facility strategy
Comply with laws and regulations, as well as implement accessible websites, airports, and aircraft on-board facilities and equipment
Service strategy
Encourage the barrier-free mindsets through stronger education, training, and systems and benefits for all employees
In-flight
     60
61
Pre-departure
Major Initiatives
Airport
Arrival
   For Customers to Experience Air Travel Comfortably and with Peace of Mind
In July 2019, we launched the “Assistance Information Registration Service” to receive and store information for cus- tomers in our ANA Mileage Club member database who need special assistance. The system saves customers the time and effort of providing the details of the assistance required every time they make a reservation. In turn, this facilitates smooth reservation procedures.
Joint Press Conference
* Mobility as a Service (MaaS): Integration of various forms of transport services into a single mobility service on demand.
 Information Stored
• Walking ability
• Information on wheelchair to be checked in (manual, electric, foldable or
non-foldable, size, spare battery)
• Whether or not you have a visual / hearing impairment
• Medical equipment to be used on board the aircraft
• Assistive equipment to be loaned requiring special arrangement
• Assistance required at the airport or on board, etc.
Proof-of-Concept Test
 
Sustainability Initiatives
 DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
Human Resource Development to Drive Barrier-Free Mindset Practices
(Service Legacy of Diversity)
We have implemented a range of initiatives to ensure that every employee embraces a barrier-free mindset in society and that allows us to offer world-class inclusive and universal services.
We are creating skies that value and welcome all people through programs that eliminate fear of air travel for special needs school students, as well as through ongoing education for employees.
Promoting Universal Services through Group Businesses
   ANA Wing Fellows Vie Oji: Diverse Human Resources Shine and Excel
ANA Wing Fellows Vie Oji was established in June 1993 and was accredited as a special subsidiary under the Act on Employment Promotion, etc. of Persons with Disabilities in December 1993. Since then, the company has operated busi- nesses in diverse locations, business types, and with diverse human resources. At the same time, we have pursued diverse work styles in the ANA Group, serving as a leader of diversity and inclusion. Guided by the vision that all employees are valuable, this company contributes to increasing the corporate value of the ANA Group.
  Manufacturing and External Sales Business
Airline-Related Business
This business supports the Group through various services, including management of ANA uniforms, mileage-related services, and digital management of aircraft maintenance records.
   The company provides hospitality and high-quality customer service through a bakery division, convenience store operations center, and the ANA Wonderful Day Café.
The ANA Aoshima Factory produces and sells hand made paper and woodwork products under its own brand name, using raw materials from the Miyazaki area to introduce Aoshima to the world.
Hands-On Open Seminar for Universal Services
Participants interact with the elderly and persons with disabili- ties to learn about issues from the perspectives of those concerned.
Universal Service Refresher Training
We provide e-learning education four times every year to raise the level of the universal services pursed by the Group.
   ANA’s Sora-Pass Classes
We provide a Sora-Pass* class for children who are not used to traveling on aircraft. Here, children learn the boarding process from the airport to the cabin of the aircraft. In 2019, we launched an ANA Sora-Pass class (boarding support class) for students using wheel- chairs and students with developmental disabilities. ANA Group employees visit schools and teach classes to students who use ANA flights for school travel to alleviate the anxieties about air travel.
* Sora-Pass: Air Travel Passport
 Universal Standard Consulting: Leveraging Strengths for New Value
We established the Universal Standard Consulting business unit in August 2016. The unit provides consulting services to spread the adoption of universal environments inside and outside the ANA Group. The unit suggests high-quality universal standards based on the perspectives and sensibilities of people with disabilities and our own ANA’s heartfelt service. Specifically, the unit verifies equipment at airports and on aircraft, as well as organizes workplace environment seminars for ANA Group employees. The unit also inspects hotels and accommodation facilities, in addition to promoting the employ- ment of visually impaired persons.
  Point 1
ANA instructors teach classes
appropriate to the characteristics of the children’s disabilities
One class is a 60- or 70-minute session. ANA instructors visit schools and teach classes in which students learn the pro- cess from boarding to disembarking in the classroom, after which they experience the process for themselves.
Point 2 Experience-based curriculum
allowing students to easily understand boarding an aircraft
Students experience sitting in on-board wheelchairs, security checkpoint proce- dures, and more.
Point 3 Instructors are current
ANA employees
ANA Group employees who have experi- ence as cabin attendants or ground staff serve as instructors (instructor job experi- ence depends on program content).
      62
63

 Sustainability Initiatives
MATERIAL ISSUES
Regional Revitalization
  ANA Group ESG Commitments
Utilizing innovation to solve social issues: Provide new value through avatars, drones, MaaS, etc., and cooperate with different industries
Regional revitalization: Contribute to regional revitalization
 Please visit our corporate website for more: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/regional_creation/
Expand Directly Related Populations through Cross-Industry Collaboration
  Proof-of-Concept Test for Air Ticket Subscription Service Utilizing Vacant Seats
We are implementing initiatives to expand reach to directly related populations, including promoting lifestyles rooted in multiple bases, promoting workcations, and creating second hometowns. Our intent here is to solve population declines in outlying regions, population density in the Tokyo metropolitan area, and other social issues. We hope to support lifestyles that take advantage of ever-expanding work styles and lifestyles due to the shift to remote work caused by COVID-19.
In January 2020, we launched a proof-of-concept test for
Materials about the ANA collaboration with ADDress Co., Ltd.
an air ticket subscription service utilizing vacant seats in and between regional routes. Our concept here is to support the expanding work styles and lifestyles for people who have established multiple bases while traveling between the Tokyo metropolitan area and rural areas, or from one rural area to another. We are working with ADDress Co., Ltd., a company that offers unlimited flat-rate residence services across Japan using vacant homes in rural areas.
Creating New Travel Value through Journey+
   Basic Approach
Japan is famous for its traditional culture and tourism attractions. On the other hand, Japan faces concerns about falling populations in rural areas and the gradual decline of traditional industries. The ANA Group works together with corporations, NGOs, NPOs, local governments, and others in order to develop long-term demand for the Air Transportation Business, as well as to expand the ANA economic sphere (including Non-Air Business).
In addition, we will contribute to regional revitalization through tourism promotion in this era of the new normal by providing informa- tion about tourist area safety and security.
Implementation Structure
The ANA Group Regional Revitalization Meeting, under the Tourism Development section of ANA Marketing and Sales, organically integrates initiatives across Group companies to maximize impact. This meeting is responsible for advancing strategies that promote tourism for regional revitalization.
We have established and
operate the Journey+ plat-
form to connect users and
local communities. Journey+
builds communities based
on the keywords of business
succession issues, resolution
of regional social issues, regional revitalization, and taking on new challenges. Under this platform, we visit innovators and leaders active in a given region to consider the real social issues facing that area.
 Group Photo: Journey+ in Southern Kyushu
 Promoting Domestic and International Tourism via ANA Group-Operated Flights
               ANA Sales Domestic Offices
Government Agencies
ANA Tourism Development
Tourism Promotion
Tourism Strategies
ANA HOLDINGS INC.
ANA Group Regional Revitalization Meeting
ANA Strategic Research Institute ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS TRADING ANA Sales
ANA Business Solutions
ANA Cargo
ANA department overseas HQs, Offices Group companies
Actions
Secondments, consulting, surveys, etc.
ANA Group advertising media, hometown tax, merchandising, etc. Travel package planning, promotion, and sales
Provide ANA Group expertise
Expansion of export regional / local products
Marketing and promotions for inbound tourism Cross-organizational initiatives
       Major Initiatives
Regional Revitalization through Tourism Promotion
• Offer consulting services leveraging ANA Group human resources • Discover and market tourism resources throughout Japan
• Develop, distribute, and sell local products
• Establish systems to host foreign visitors to Japan
• Stage promotional campaigns involving air transportation services
• Promote domestic / international tourism via ANA flights
• Develop training programs incorporating ANA Group expertise
• Expand directly related populations through cross-industry collaboration • Leverage innovation to resolve social issues
Social Contribution
In April 2018, we launched Japan Travel Planner, a travel infor- mation website for visitors to Japan. This website is a part of our efforts to attract travelers to visit Japan and revitalize local economies. As of fiscal 2019, Japan Travel Planner has grown into an important communication platform for passengers arriving from overseas, offering information on more than 800 tourist spots in 11 languages. The website hosts more than 600,000 site visitors on average monthly. We encourage tour- ists to visit many different parts of Japan through a seamless connection with the ANA flight booking website.
Utilizing Innovation to Solve Social Issues
Using Avatars to Build New Regional Communication Infrastructure
avatarin Inc., the first-ever start-up launched by ANA HOLDINGS, is engaged in the avatar business. This business contributes to regional revitalization by offering communications that bridges physical distances and new infrastructure. During the 2020 Golden Week holidays and in cooperation with Oita Prefecture, avatarin Inc. installed a newme remote-controlled robot at three locations in the Oita Funai Gobangai Shopping Street. This robot offers the opportunity to experience remote shopping. Even in
To encourage inbound tourist (mainly longer-term travelers from Europe and the U.S.) to visit other areas within Japan, we are collaborating with online travel agents* to offer activities and sharing economy services passengers can enjoy during their stay.
We are also pursuing cooperation with various areas over- seas, and we will continue to contribute to the revitalization of local economies by stimulating inbound tourist demand.
* Travel agencies doing business solely online
situations where cross-prefecture travel is made difficult due to COVID-19, these avatars enable shopping from anywhere in the country, contributing to greater local sales.
Shopping with the newme avatar
 64
65
• • • •
Participation in reconstruction activities
(Supporting regional recovery after large-scale disasters) Support environmental and biodiversity conservation programs (Project to conserve coral reefs in Okinawa, etc.)
Develop next-generation education programs
(Aviation Class, career training, etc.)
Social contribution programs in overseas areas we serve (Educational support, tourism resource conservation, etc.)
 Local Government, DMOs, etc.

    66
67
Business
Foundations
Supporting
Corporate Value
To share our values with all stakeholders, the ANA Group has established a foundation for appropriate management resource allocation and rapid management decision-making.
What Does the
ANA Group DNA Mean to You?
 The DNA of experience to overcome difficulties and take on challenges, moving forward into the future and growing as a strong Group through relentless effort.
Yuichi Nishiyama
B777 Pilot

 Business Foundations Supporting Corporate Value
Safety
Strengthening Safety as a Business Foundation, Passing Down Safety as a Culture
Safety is the unequivocal mission of every business in the ANA Group.
Four Axes of Safety Risk Management
The ANA Group has adopted a PDCA cycle for safety management for (1) aircraft operations, (2) passengers, (3) employees (front line), and (4) security.
We have set numerical targets for unsafe events with respect to these four axes. At monthly Group Safety Promotion Committee meetings, which holds the final decision-making authority within our safety implementation structure, attendees report on high-risk events and issues, discuss countermeasures and risk reduction, and review safety targets and achievement rates.
Four Axes of Safety Risk Management
The Changing Environment and the Unchanging Mindset toward Safety Awareness
The ANA Group also faces significant changes in the business environment due to COVID-19. In an environment where the number of flights are significantly reduced or suspended, employees face three different task categories that can result in human error.
  Solid Approach to Safety
Safety is the absolute value underlying every ANA Group cor- porate activity. Safety is the foundation of everything we do. Our dedication to safety extends to every part of our group busi- nesses, including food services, cargo, and information. Our everyday efforts to improve safety and conscientious response to customer expectations build confidence and trust with soci- ety. Faced with the new threat of COVID-19, we are implement- ing all possible measures, providing a sanitary environment and ensuring safety against the risk of infection.
The corporate culture based on mutual understanding and trust form relationships among employees across various job descriptions to support all aspects of the ANA Group business. In every workplace, we post the ANA Group Safety Principles and Course of ANA Group Safety Action, which are pledges shared by all ANA Group employees.
      Three Task Categories (First Time, Procedure Changes, and Task after Extended Time Gap)
Employees
(front line)
Preventing dangers to ANA Group employees and others
Security
Advance risk identification
and prevention for illegal acts, such as terrorism and hijacking incidents
  Course of ANA Group Safety Action
Strictly observe rules & regulations, and all actions will be grounded on safety.
As a professional, place safety as the #1 priority while keeping your health in mind.
Address any questions and sincerely accept the opinions of others. Information will be accurately reported and shared in a timely manner. Continuous self-improvement for prevention and avoiding reoccurrence. Lessons learned from experiences and increased skills for risk awareness.
 ANA Group Safety Principles
Safety is our promise to the public
and is the foundation of our business. Safety is assured by an integrated management system and mutual respect.
Safety is enhanced through individual performance and dedication.
   ANA Group Medium-Term Safety Promotion Plan
Based on the FY2018–2022 ANA Group Medium-Term Safety Promotion Plan, we have improved the safety risk management process, focusing on prevention as a key component. In fiscal 2020, we began the following measures in pursuit of our vision to become a lead- ing airline with a world-class “Safety system and Culture” and create a sense of safety for customers.
Every ANA Group employee uses foresight to anticipate risks, sharing information and using the assertion* method with coworkers to respond appropriately to these three task categories, leveraging organization management to prevent unsafe situations.
* Assertion: Employees respect each other and express their opinions in a constructive and cooperative manner, which is important behavior for a team to ensure safety. Every employee strives to create an atmosphere in which everyone feels free to express themselves and voice their concerns to prevent unsafe events.
Passing on Lessons Learned from Air Accidents—Forest Dew Park
First Time Task
Uncommon tasks
Procedure Changes
New or different procedures and environments
Task after Extended Time Gap
Performing a task an extended time away / away from the process
      Implementation of Safety Measures
Safety
Safety Structures
Education / Awareness
Safety Culture
ANA Group
Sense of Safety
Customer
1. Offering a Sense of Safety for Our Customers
Customer questionnaires and interview results help us identify the points at which customers feel a sense of safety when using ANA Group services. We offer peace of mind for customers through individual Group employee performance and dedication to safety.
2. Strengthening Safety Structures
We improve our safety risk management process (see the following section) through safety structures that conform to global standards and other measures.
We strengthen our safety systems by visualizing risks and mea- sures, analyzing flight data, and using indicators to identify the signs of unsafe events. At the same time, we work together with other airline companies to improve safety across the airline industry.
3. Putting Safety Actions into Practice
We analyze the safety actions and reflect the results in our training and practice to strengthen our safety structures.
On July 30, 1971, an ANA aircraft and a Japan Self-Defense Force aircraft on a training flight collided and crashed over the city of Shizukuishi, Iwate Prefecture, resulting in 162 causalities. The Irei no Mori monument has been well kept and maintained by the local community in Fuji City, Shizuoka Prefecture. Every year, more than 500 ANA Group employees visit to clean the forest and for safety enlightenment.
In 2020, which coincides with the 50th anniversary of the accident, the monu- ment was rebuilt and the location renamed to Forest Dew Park. The name was changed to meet the wishes of those concerned to make the monument more familiar and more casually accessible to those who are unfamiliar with the acci- dent. We will continue to maintain the new Forest Dew Park together with the foundation for the Irei no Mori and stakeholders in the local community, etc., as
   68
69
Operations
Preventing accidents / major incidents
Monument for Aviation Safety
Passengers
Preventing harm to the
bodies and lives of passengers from departure to arrival
we strive to preserve the memories of ANA’s last casualty involved aircraft accident and maintain the location as a place reflect- ing an oath for safe aviation operations.
Communication

Business Foundations Supporting Corporate Value
Safety
ANA Group Safety Education Center (ASEC)
We established ASEC in 2007 in Shimomaruko, Ota-ku, Tokyo. This activity was our response to a proposal from an employee who said that ANA should create a location to preserve the memories of past accidents. In October 2019, we relocated the ASEC to the newly built ANA Group Training Center (ANA Blue Base).
    Configuration of ASEC
The facility is located on the second and third floors of the ANA Blue Base (ABB) and consists of three spaces.
1 The Way Theater
The theater is a space where visitors come face-to-face with the accidents through the use of videos and the exhibition of parts of the crashed aircraft.
2 The Sky of the Pledges
This is a space where ANA Group employ- ees engage with the memories of their senior employees who experienced an accident and converse with them in spirit.
3 Active Lounge
The lounge is a space to learn how to notice human errors through experience and discussion with colleagues.
   Overview of the Education Programs
Firsthand Experience of the Tragedy of Accidents
This program allows participants to come face-to-face with the acci- dents through the use of videos and records from the past.
Firsthand Experience of Real Situations that Cause Human Errors
This program allows participants to learn the mechanism where human errors occur through discussions.
Putting Safety Actions into Practice
The purpose of this program is to allow participants to conduct safety activities in their workplaces follow- ing their declaration of safety activities.
   The new ASEC offers programs that allow participants
to engage actively and create safety together with other participants through education, as well as to experience the creation of peace of mind for customers. The ASEC also uses expertise from inside and outside the Group, introducing the latest information equipment to transform the center into a learning facility that allows employees to conduct safety activities in their workplaces.
We raise awareness of safety through three concepts that reflect the ideas under which we created the center: Look truthfully at accidents, look truthfully inside, and look truthfully at our colleagues. Under these concepts, the ASEC strives
to raise safety awareness through safety education and strengthen the culture of pursuing safety without compromise, which forms the foundation for our management.
 70
71
Toward Ensuring Safety
Strengthening the Safety Management System to Address Alcohol Issues
On May 1, 2020, ANA received a business improvement order from the Minister of Land, Infrastructure, Transport, and Tourism to ensure the safety of air transportation in relation to a drinking incident by our flight crew that occurred at Fukuoka Airport in November of the previous year. The incident recurred at the
Future Measures
height of efforts by the entire airline industry to prevent the recurrence of alcohol issues. We apologize once again for the concern and trouble we caused our customers and stakeholders.
  The ANA Group will solve alcohol issues through the following key measures.
 1. Ensure Alcohol Testing
(Set Up a Strict Testing Procedures)
• In addition to the legally mandated alcohol testing, conduct a pre-test and report from home or hotel before work
• Strengthen management systems by creating an alcohol test management system in conjunction with a facial recognition system, etc.
   Pre-test Legal test
OK
OK
Plan approval
 Alcohol Test Management System
 2. A Personal Transformation in Each Employee (Develop Responsible Drinking Behavior)
• We implemented an initiative to develop responsible drinking habits among our employees, called the TEKKIN INITIATIVE.
• We are improving the educational system and developing work- place leaders to ensure that all employees are aware of the alco- hol issue and they must exercise self-control.
ZERO! ONE! TWO!
* One drink = 0.5 units (10 grams of alcohol)
     Do not drink before work and if you are in poor health. Do not encourage drinking for non-drinkers.
The right amount of drinking for those who are intolerant to alcohol is one drink.
The right amount of drinking per day is two drinks. Do not drink on at least two days a week.
 3. Organizational Support
• Strengthen mutual support by developing and placing workplace support leaders and collaborating with, for example, medical institutions
• Collaborate with relevant institutions and consider building a support program compliant with the airline industry standard
Mutual Support
Workplace peer consultant / supporter Referral and consultation from internal and external expert organizations as necessary
   4. Strengthening the Safety Management System for Alcohol Consumption (Constant Optimization by Management, on a Workplace Level, and by Experts)
• Internal auditing, consultation, and monitoring implemented to identify and improve underlying issues
• Strengthen corporate-level management by introducing commit- tees formed by outside experts; form a cooperative council together with the labor union
 Outside
Experts (Committee)
Corporate Management
Actual Situation
Cooperative Council with the Labor Union
 Constant optimization using the PDCA cycle

Business Foundations Supporting Corporate Value
Human Resources
Sustainable Growth Focused on and Inspired by Our People
Employee diversity is what enables us to bring the Group’s power to bear.
Basic Approach to Human Resources
Human resources are the greatest asset of the ANA Group. Our people are the source of our ability to respond flexibly, to overcome challenges, and to grow sustainably, even in an environment that changes significantly. We are building stronger mechanisms to create new value, leveraging our people as the source of our capabilities to achieve our vision of becoming the world’s leading airline group in customer satisfaction and corporate value improvement.
Establishing a Mechanism for Sustainable Growth Focused on and Inspired by Our People
Promoting Diversity and Inclusion
Under our Diversity and Inclusion Declaration (“D&I Declaration”), the ANA Group seeks to become a corporate group that allows every employee to exercise their strengths fully and to expand those strengths to their maximum potential.
  Diversity & Inclusion Declaration
We will:
• Consider Diversity & Inclusion as the source of innovation and value the diversity of our employees.
• Endeavor to create a workplace where each person can fully demonstrate his or her strengths.
• Create an ANA Group where each person can work with spirit and purpose, to generate unwavering trust and constant innovation.
Diversity
Inclusion
Innovation
  Enhanced Basic QualityEnhanced ProductivityGenerating InnovationImproved
Customer SatisfactionImproved Corporate Value
  Human Resources
Promoting ANA’s Way
We strive to instill an understanding of our Mission Statement and Management Vision, developing and evolving ANA’s Way as an ingrained part of our corporate culture. We also encour- age organizational and human development on an ongoing basis to manifest the ANA Group identity.
Major Measures
Sustainable Growth
In 2019, we reorganized the ANA’s Day Training for all group employees, returning to our founding philosophy of hardship now, yet hope for the future and wakyo (close cooperation). We also hold discussions for the sustainable growth of the ANA Group.
Establishing a Group D&I Promotion Department
In conjunction with our D&I Declaration in April 2015, we estab- lished a dedicated organization within the Human Resources Department to promote the active participation of diverse human resources. This organization promotes environmental improvement, fosters culture, and encourages changes in paradigms. In April 2020, we established the new Group D&I Promotion Department, aiming to strengthen our D&I promo- tion function.
In addition to the diversity of attributes such as age, nation- ality, gender, and disability, we respect diversity of viewpoints and beliefs arising from values and experiences not physically observable. We continue to strengthen our mechanism for promoting D&I throughout the Group and in our culture to leverage diversity as a strength that drives greater reform.
We will accelerate new value creation by helping employees work with greater enthusiasm and fulfillment, generating inno- vation and improving productivity.
Major MeasuresDiversity and Inclusion (D&I)Ease of Work Fulfillment of WorkANA’s Way
Digital
     Improved Engagement
            72
73

Health Management
The ANA Group announced the ANA Group Health Management Declaration in April 2016. We believe that our employees are the engine that drives sustainable growth together with society, and that our employees are who embody the motto, Trustworthy, Heartwarming, Energetic!.
The ANA Group has appointed a Chief Wellness Officer who is a director responsible for Group health management. We also appoint Wellness Leaders at each Group company. Through this leadership, the ANA Group ensures that Group employees, companies, and health insurance associations work in unison for health management.
We encourage Quality of Life (QOL) and improved corporate value through employees who engage in their work in physical health, mental health, and passion.
In fiscal 2020, ANA HOLDINGS INC. was selected as a Certified Health & Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program (White 500) Company for the fourth con- secutive year. ANA AIRPORT SERVICES Co., Ltd. was selected for the second consecutive year, and ANA Osaka Airport Co., Ltd. was selected for the first time. Seven other Group companies were selected as Certified Health & Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program companies, reflecting how the Group presses forward together in pursuit of initiatives.

Four Perspectives on ANA Group Health Management:
Developing an Environment Encouraging a Long Career in the ANA Group
The ANA Group is focused on the following four priority measures. We maintain and improve the physical and mental health of our employees through regular situational monitoring and by analyzing / responding to positive impact and challenges.

Mental Health Initiatives
As the social environment changes and causes rapid changes in the working environment, healthy minds become an even more important factor in the quality of life and work. The ANA Group has introduced measures in line with the four types of mental health care described
in the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare’s Guidelines for Maintaining and Improving Workers’ Mental Health.
Care through External Consultation Desks
Care through Occupational Health Staff
Care by Line Supervisors
Self-Care
 Consultations through external specialistsHealth consultations though industrial physicians / nursesManagers address mental health problems, including workplace environment and active communication improvementsSelf-awareness through stress checks, voluntary consultations

Encouraging Work-Style Reforms and Kaizen
To promote D&I and health management, as well as to build an environment in which people can work with enthusiasm, it is essential
that we transform the awareness and work styles of all employees.
The ANA Group strives to improve productivity, driven by the commitment of management. We use the time saved to transform
operations with new ideas and promote the work–life balance of every employee.

Encouraging Telework
We are creating a culture in which every employee can play an active role, and in which organizations and individuals maxi- mize results. We are working to evolve toward flexible, diverse ways of working that are not limited to specific times or places.
We implemented a telework system for office work in 2010, introducing virtual desktop environments. In January 2017,
we expanded the scope of places, eligible employees, and number of work days related to telework. We continue to intro- duce a variety of measures encouraging telework, including a special hometown telework program we adopted in fiscal 2019.
As a result, we were able to transition smoothly to telework, even during the COVID-19 pandemic. The situation has led to a review of work styles and details from new perspectives.
Encouraging Kaizen
We are working to establish kaizen as a style of work within the ANA Group. This process of continuous improvement is designed to find and resolve problems in daily work, creating room to breathe mentally and increase time for customers and employees.
We have implemented kaizen in ANA operations depart- ments, our head office, and the Marketing & Sales Department. We have also expanded these activities to overseas branches.
Nearly 3,000 initiatives were conducted to eliminate waste, inconsistency, and overburden (muri, mura, muda) in our oper- ations. Our employees are taking bold, voluntary steps to create a comfortable office environment and an efficient work structure.
We will continue to integrate kaizen and innovation strategi- cally to create new customer value and evolve toward smart ways of working.

We established an implementation structure for each group company and department to eliminate waste, inconsistency, and overburden (muri, mura, muda) hidden in work and work- places, as well as to promote kaizen activities. In addition to continuing an action-based approach of trying new methods and improving old methods, we will continue to pursue human resources education.

The Kaizen Award: A Forum for Lateral Deployment of Good Practices
The Kaizen Award aims to provide a summary of kaizen activities for the year, commend good practices, and deploy these practices laterally to the entire Group.
In fiscal 2019, overseas branch activities received commendations for superior practices, which have been expanded as global activities. Superior practices were shared from not only the front lines but also from administrative departments. These ideas have also resulted in work-style reform.

 Business Foundations Supporting Corporate Value
Unique ANA Group Initiatives
Built on a foundation of security and trust, “the wings within ourselves” help to fulfill the hopes and dreams of an interconnected world.
The phrase, the wings within ourselves, from our Mission Statement represents the strong desire of each employee to become wings, connecting people, goods, and emotions.
Even during the COVID-19 pandemic, we carry on, uplifted by the wings within ourselves and fulfilling our mission as a public transportation provider. We move forward, creating unique and new actions based on our Group code of conduct, ANA’s Way.
 Wuhan to Haneda Charter Flight
On January 29, 2020, ANA operated a charter flight between Wuhan and Haneda for persons wishing to return to Japan from Wuhan, China, which had been on lockdown due to the outbreak of COVID-19. In a short period of time, we prepared for the flight and operated a total of five charter flights to help people without a means to return to Japan. Every Japanese person resid- ing in China’s Hubei Province and wishing to return to Japan were able to return. In total, 828 Japanese citizens and their family members were brought home safely on ANA flights.
On June 23, 2020, we became the first airline to receive a letter of appreciation from Foreign Minister Motegi for this initiative to safeguard the lives and health of many people, including Japanese persons living abroad.
  Support for Sewing
Medical Gowns
The spread of COVID-19 has led to an increasing need for medical gowns and resulting inventory shortages in Japan. In April 2020, in response to a request from the government and the ANA Group’s desire to play a role in the safety of healthcare workers, we recruited employee volunteers to help sew portions of medical gowns, cut sleeve fabrics, and inspect end products.
Under the direction of Valley LLC, volunteers worked in a hygiene-conscious environment at ANA Blue Base, the ANA Group’s general training center. A total of 380 employees from the Group contributed to producing gowns over 32 days.
A Boeing 767-300ER that transported returnees from Wuhan
Letter of appreciation presentation ceremony at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
   #ANAGroupWingsWithinOurselves Project
Beginning in May 2020, the ANA Group reduced or suspended numerous flights. At the same time, we implemented telework and adopted a temporary leave program. Amid these circum- stances, we launched the #ANAGroupWingsWithinOurselves project in response to a question posed by an employee. The question was what we could do for children and customers unable to travel by air and how could we help make time at home more meaningful?
The ANA Group uploaded videos and other content to our website and social media to offer greater familiarity with our aircraft and the ANA Group employees. Our first published
At-Home Aviation Class video
content, the At-Home Aviation Class, featured ANA pilots
who presented interesting facts about our aircraft. This well- received class offered fun, educational content in a quiz format, other information about the work done by ANA pilots, and answers to questions asked to our pilots.
In addition, we have uploaded musical telework perfor- mance videos performed by energetic volunteer employees, videos expressing appreciation and encouragement for healthcare workers, and more.
Even in the post-COVID-19 world, we will continue to offer a variety of content to foster trust and emotional connections with our airlines and the ANA Group in the daily lives of our customers.
#ANAGroupWingsWithinOurselves Special Website (In Japanese Only) https://www.ana.co.jp/group/kokoro-no-tsubasa/ Hideki Tani
Valley LLC President
In April 2020, we launched our gown project with participation by craftspersons across Japan. From the moment we held our first online meeting, I could feel the passion of each participant, and I was convinced this would be a successful project. The cohesion among our members grew day by day, and on July 16, we delivered our initial target of 100,000 gowns on time.
I always thought that working behind the scenes, no one on the front lines of medical care would think about our efforts. However, I remember feeling an inde- scribable happiness from the support we received from so many people. I was also greatly pleased when we received a note of appreciation for our gown pro- duction efforts from a medical professional onboard an ANA flight.
Though there are many tough days still ahead, I will remember the lessons I learned from the ANA Group about what it means to be a professional.
Please visit the page linked to the right for more information about this initiative. https://www.anahd.co.jp/ana_news/en/2020/05/28/20200528-1.html
    76
77
Production of a video supporting medical professionals and other heroes
  
Business Foundations Supporting Corporate Value
Corporate Governance System
     Mission Statement
Built on a foundation of security and trust, “the wings within ourselves” help to fulfill the hopes and dreams of an interconnected world.
    Personnel Advisory Committee
 Remuneration Advisory Committee
Accounting Auditors
Audit & Supervisory Board
Appointment / Dismissal Supervision
Proposal / Report
Overall management
Instruction / Supervision
Board of Directors
ANA HOLDINGS Corporate Governance System
 The ANA Group aims to practice management that contributes to value creation for our various stakeholders in accordance with our Mission Statement and to promote sustainable growth and enhance corporate value over the long term. To accomplish this goal, ANA HOLDINGS INC. plays the lead role in Group management for overall policies and goal-setting, pursuing transparent, fair, prompt, and effective decision- making. For this purpose, we have built a corporate governance system and work continuously to enhance governance within the
Holding Company Structure
The ANA Group has adopted a holding company structure to remain competitive in any challenging business environment. Each Group company is guided by experienced and specialized personnel who are delegated authority to operate their respective businesses.
Company with Audit &
Supervisory Board Members
The board of directors and members of the Audit & Supervisory Board oversee and audit the execution of duties by directors. The Group strengthens the supervisory function of the board of directors by appointing outside directors. We also strengthen the audit function
of members of the Audit & Supervisory Board by appointing full-time outside members.
Corporate Executive Officer System
The Group has adopted a corporate executive officer system under which management and executive functions are separated to promote efficient decision- making and to clarify responsibilities and authority in the execution of duties. Under this system, directors supervise manage- ment decision-making and the execution of duties, while corporate executive officers conduct day-to-day business.
   Corporate Governance System
ANA Group.
General Meeting of Shareholders
Board of Directors
Number of Board
Members Term of Office
Group Management Committee
Number of Meetings*
54
Chaired by the president and CEO, the Group Management Committee consists of full-time directors, full-time Audit & Supervisory Board mem- bers, and others, and functions as an organization that complements the board of directors. The role of the committee is to provide more timely and detailed discussions of management matters.
 Number of Meetings*
13
The board of directors of ANA HOLDINGS INC. sets groupwide man- agement policies and goals, while also overseeing the management and business execution of each Group company. The board of directors is chaired by the chairman of the board. All directors, including outside directors, and all members of the Audit & Supervisory Board, including outside members, participate in board meetings.
     Appointment / Dismissal
Appointment / Dismissal
Reporting
Appointment / Dismissal
Proposal / Report
Directors
10 1Year
  Account auditing
Auditing
Reporting
Advice
Reporting
5
(including 3 independent outside directors and 1 female director)
Audit & Supervisory Board members
(also applies to outside directors)
   President & Chief Executive Officer
Group Management Committee
  Group ESG Management Promotion Committee
Advisory Committees
Personnel Advisory Committee
Chairman Number of Members
Ado Yamamoto 4
      Instruction / Supervision
Remuneration Advisory Committee
Chairman Number of Members
Ado Yamamoto 6
Number of Meetings*
5
Number of Meetings*
3
        Audit & Supervisory Board Members Office
Internal Audit Division
 Chief ESG Promotion Officer Director in charge of Corporate Sustainability
 Internal auditing
The Personnel Advisory Committee discusses the selection of director candidates and the dismissal of directors, and reports to the board of directors. The Personnel Advisory Committee, chaired by an outside director, consists of three outside directors and one inside director to ensure transparency and fairness in the selection process of directors.
The Remuneration Advisory Committee consists of a majority of outside directors, outside Audit & Supervisory Board members, and outside experts to ensure fair and transparent process of decision-making related to director remuneration. The committee develops the director remuneration system and director remuneration standards based on surveys of director remuneration at other companies provided by out- side experts and reports to the board of directors.
To ensure healthy development and to earn greater levels of trust from society through audits, we appoint five individuals to serve as Audit & Supervisory Board members who possess extensive experience and the advanced expertise required to conduct audits.
The Audit & Supervisory Board strengthens the collaboration with the accounting auditors and the Internal Audit Division. The board also exchanges opinions with outside directors on a regular basis.
  Audit & Supervisory Board
Number of Members
Audit & Supervisory B5oard members
(including 3 independent outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
Term of Office
4Years
(also applies to outside Audit & Supervisory board members)
Number of Meetings*
13
    78
79
Group Companies ESG Promotion Officers / Leaders
and Divisions
Responsible for ESG promotion in each company / department
Secretariat Corporate Sustainability General Administration Legal & Insurance
* The number of meetings held in fiscal 2019.

Business Foundations Supporting Corporate Value
Management Members: Directors
As of July 31, 2020
   1 Shinichiro Ito Chairman of the Board
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Major concurrent position
Outside Director, Mitsui Fudosan Co., Ltd.
2004: 2006:
2007: 2009: 2015: 2017:
Executive Vice President Senior Executive
Vice President
Senior Executive
Vice President, Representative Director President & Chief Executive Officer, Representative Director Chairman of the
Board of Directors, Representative Director Chairman of the Board (present)
2 Shinya Katanozaka President & Chief Executive Officer,
Representative Director
Chairman of the ANA Group Management Committee Head of Group ESG Management
Promotion Committee
In charge of the Internal Audit Division
Chairman of ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS CO., LTD.
Major concurrent positions
Vice Chair, Keidanren (Japan Business Federation) Director (Outside Director) of Tokio Marine Holdings, inc.
3 Yutaka Ito Senior Executive Vice President,
Representative Director
Chairman of Group ESG Management Promotion Committee
In charge of Legal & Insurance,
General Administration, Group Procurement and Corporate Sustainability
2011: 2012:
2013: 2015:
2019: 2020:
Executive Vice President Senior Executive Vice President
Senior Executive
Vice President, Representative Director President & Chief Executive Officer, Representative Director (present)
Member of the
Board of Directors Senior Executive Vice
President, Representative Director (present)
4 Yuji Hirako Member of the Board of Directors
President & Chief Executive Officer, ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS CO., LTD.
Major concurrent position
Chairman of All Japan Air Transport and Service Association Co., Ltd.
5 Naoto Takada Executive Vice President
In charge of Corporate Communications and Branding, Executive Secretariat, Human Resources Strategy
6 Ichiro Fukuzawa Executive Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer
7 Koji Shibata Executive Vice President
In charge of Corporate Strategy,
Group IT Management, Facilities Planning, Digital Design Lab, Group D&I Promotion, Okinawa Region
2015:
2017:
2019:
2020:
Member of the Board of Directors (present)
Member of the Board of Directors (present)
Member of the Board of Directors (present)
Member of the Board of Directors (present)
8 Ado Yamamoto*
Outside Director
Major concurrent positions
Chairman and Representative Director,
Nagoya Railroad Co., Ltd.
Outside Director, Yahagi Construction Co., Ltd. Chairman, Nagoya Chamber of Commerce & Industry
9 Izumi Kobayashi*
Outside Director
Major concurrent positions
Outside Director, Mitsui & Co., Ltd.
Outside Director, Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. Outside Director, OMRON Corporation
10 Eijiro Katsu*
Outside Director
Major concurrent position
President and Representative Director and COO of Internet Initiative Japan Inc.
2013: Outside Director (present)
2013: Outside Director (present)
2020: Outside Director (present)
             7
6 5 8 3124
10
9
       80
81
* Independent directors

Business Foundations Supporting Corporate Value
Appointment of Directors
Approach to Selection of Director Candidates
The Company selects directors from among candidates who have impeccable character, extensive experience, broad insight, and advanced expertise. Ideal candidates have the potential to contribute to improved policy-making, decision-making, and oversight befitting a global airline group with widespread businesses centered on the Air Transportation Business. Our selection is made without regard to gender, nationality, or other such factors, and
falls within the scope of the Civil Aeronautics Act and other relevant laws.
The Group selects a multiple number of outside directors who possess practical viewpoints based on extensive experience in corporate management, or who possess unique global or regional viewpoints. These individuals must be independent from the Company, and able to offer objective and expert opinions based on a sophisticated knowledge of social and economic trends.
Reasons for Appointment of Directors
• The following director candidates were selected based on the judgment that their abundant experience, performance, and insight would be crucial to overcoming the management crisis caused by the current COVID-19 pandemic and for achieving sustainable increases in Group corporate value.
• These director candidates assumed their positions after being appointed at the 75th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders. Reasons for Appointment
Yuji Hirako
Member of the
Board of Directors (President & Chief Executive Officer of ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS CO., LTD.)
Naoto Takada
Executive Vice President,
Member of the Board
Ichiro Fukuzawa
Executive Vice President,
Member of the Board
Koji Shibata
Executive Vice President,
Member of the Board
Ado Yamamoto
Independent Outside Director
Izumi Kobayashi
Independent Outside Director
Eijiro Katsu
Independent Outside Director
Yuji Hirako has extensive experience in sales, finance, and other disciplines. In April 2012, he was appointed representative for businesses across the United States. In June 2015, he was appointed director, overseeing financial strategies to enhance corporate value. In April 2017, he was appointed president & CEO of ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS CO., LTD., a core subsidiary of the ANA Group. Since that time, he has guided the company with an uncompromising stance on safety and a focus on global business by leveraging his extensive knowledge of the International Business, leading the company toward becoming the world’s leading airline.
Professional Overseas Experience: the United States
Naoto Takada has extensive experience in labor relations, industrial policy, public relations, and other disciplines. Since being appointed director in June 2017, he has focused on Group public relations, CSR activities, risk management, and active communications with individual investors. Through these duties, he has endeavored to create a wider brand awareness of the ANA Group. Since April 2019, he has been in charge of ANA Group human resources development.
Ichiro Fukuzawa has extensive experience in finance and investor relations. Since April 2017, he has served
as an executive officer, and since June 2019, as director and chief financial officer for ANA HOLDINGS INC. He has implemented financial strategies, including efficient capital restructuring and securing a stable financial base for the Group. In addition to active engagement with institutional investors in Japan and overseas,
he assists the president appropriately and is actively engaged in ESG. This includes playing a central role
in the Group being the first airline in the world to issue Green and Social Bonds.
Koji Shibata has extensive experience in sales, international alliances, and other disciplines. Since April 2012, he has served as an executive officer and representative for ANA European operations. Since April 2013, he has been engaged in forming equity alliances with foreign carriers in Asia. Since April 2017, he has been in charge of planning and implementation of Group management strategies to promote Group management.
Professional Overseas Experience: Europe
Ado Yamamoto has a wealth of experience and expertise in transportation industry management. At meetings of the board of directors, he offers the benefit of his background to provide opinions and advice about Group management strategy, risk management, organizational management, investment management, and the promotion of safety measures.
He was appointed member of the Remuneration Advisory Committee and the Personnel Advisory Committee in June 2016. He was subsequently named chairman of the Remuneration Advisory Committee and the Personnel Advisory Committee in July 2020.
Izumi Kobayashi has a wealth of experience and expertise as a representative for private financial institutions and international development and finance institutions, as well as an outside director for other operating com- panies. At meetings of the board of directors, she offers the benefit of her background to provide opinions and advice from a global perspective on Group management strategy, risk management, investment management, corporate governance, and organizational management.
She was appointed member of the Remuneration Advisory Committee in July 2013 and member of the Personnel Advisory Committee in June 2016.
Eijiro Katsu served as administrative vice minister and in other major positions in the Ministry of Finance. He has a wealth of experience and expertise as an administrative officer. In June 2013, he was appointed president and representative director of Internet Initiative Japan Inc. He has a wealth of experience in corporate management and extensive knowledge of innovation, including digital transformation.
Since April 2014, he has served as a member of our Management Advisory Council and has a wealth of knowledge regarding business conditions in the airline industry and the ANA Group businesses.
     Internal Directors
  Outside Directors
       Shinichiro Ito
Chairman of the Board, Chairman of the Board of Directors
Shinya Katanozaka
President & Chief Executive Officer, Representative Director
Yutaka Ito
Senior Executive
Vice President, Representative Director
Shinichiro Ito has extensive experience in sales, human resources, and other disciplines. Mr. Ito was appointed director of ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS CO., LTD. in June 2003 and was instrumental in overcoming the management crisis caused by the SARS outbreak and the Iraq war. After being appointed president & CEO in April 2009, he guided the ANA Group through the challenging business environment left in the wake of the Lehman Shock, introducing management reforms and expanding the Group’s revenue base to support a successful perfor- mance recovery. Since April 2015, he has served as chairman of the board of directors, working to strengthen the functions of the board by promoting proceedings that encourage free, open-minded, and constructive discus- sions and exchange of opinions.
Shinya Katanozaka has extensive experience in sales, human resources, corporate planning, and other disciplines. He was appointed representative director and president & CEO of ANA HOLDINGS INC. in April 2015. Under his uncompromising stance on safety, he has established a stronger foundation for Group busi- ness management. At the same time, the Group has implemented a growth strategy, achieving a profit growth for four consecutive years. At board meetings, he strives to bolster decision-making and supervisory functions. He was also instrumental in overcoming a series of large-scale management crises caused by the SARS outbreak, the Lehman Shock, and other factors. Mr. Katanozaka is spearheading efforts to implement emergency measures against the COVID-19 pandemic.
Yutaka Ito has extensive experience in legal, finance, and other disciplines. Mr. Ito studied and has been stationed in Europe and the United States for many years throughout his career. Since April 2013, he has served as representative of the European operations of ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS CO., LTD. In April 2016, he was appointed director and has endeavored to improve ANA competitiveness by raising customer satisfaction. After being appointed director of ANA HOLDINGS INC. in June 2019, he has been engaged in CSR activities and risk management, striving to promote a greater understanding of our businesses and promote ESG management by actively communicating with investors. After being appointed senior executive vice president in April 2020, he has contributed to bolstering decision-making and supervisory functions of the board.
Professional Overseas Experience: Europe and the United States
                          82
83
Internal Directors Outside Directors
Internal Directors

  1. Items Related to General Meetings of Shareholders • Proposals to be submitted to General Meetings of
Shareholders for approval
2. Items Related to Directors, Corporate Executive Officers,
the Board of Directors, etc.
• Selection of director candidates and corporate
executive officers
• Results of the evaluation of the effectiveness of the
Board of Directors
• Policies for officer remuneration
3. Items Related to Financial Results
• Financial results and earnings forecasts • Reports from operating companies
• Evaluations in the capital markets
4. Items Related to General Meetings of Shareholders • Capital stock, etc.
5. Items Related to Organizational Restructuring
6. Items Related to Personnel and Organizations
7. Items Related to the Company and Important
Subsidiaries
• Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
• ANA Group Corporate Strategy update • ANA Group ESG Commitments
• ANA brand business plan
• ANA digital transformation initiatives
8. Items Related to Disposal and Receipt of Important Assets
• Aircraft procurement, sales, and leases 9. Investment-Related Matters
10. Items Related to Major Debts • Financing plans
• Bond issuances
11. Items Related to Corporate Governance
• Internal audit plans and results reports
• Overview of the proceedings of the Group CSR /
Risk management / Compliance Committee* • Valuation of cross-shareholdings
12. Other Items
• Avatar business
• Customer satisfaction survey results
• ANA’s Way Survey (Employee awareness survey)
results
• Personnel Advisory Committee report
• Remuneration Advisory Committee report
* The Group CSR / Risk Management / Compliance Committee was renamed the Group ESG Management Promotion Committee in fiscal 2020.
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
 Reasons for Appointment
       Business Foundations Supporting Corporate Value
Management Members:
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Fiscal 2019 Initiatives
Major Agenda Items for the Board of Directors (Fiscal 2019)
 As of July 31, 2020
 Toyoyuki Nagamine Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Kiyoshi Tonomoto
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Nozomu Kano*
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Shingo Matsuo*
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Eiji Ogawa*
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Approach to Selection of Candidates for Audit & Supervisory Board Member
To ensure healthy development and to earn greater levels of trust from society through audits, the Company appoints individuals to Audit & Supervisory Board members from both inside and outside the Company who pos- sess extensive experience and the advanced expertise required to conduct audits. Our selections do not consider gender, nationality, or other factors. The Company appoints at least one individual who possesses appropriate levels of knowledge related to finance and accounting.
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members are selected from among candidates who have advanced levels of knowledge in a variety of areas and who are independent of the ANA Group. These individuals include candidates who are well-versed in corporate management, candidates who have sophisticated knowledge of social and eco- nomic trends, and candidates who have advanced knowledge in finance, accounting, or legal matters.
Reasons for Appointment of Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Mr. Toyoyuki Nagamine and Mr. Shingo Matuo ware elected at the 75th General Meeting of Shareholders.
Changes in Board Meeting Length
(Annual Transition)
Since we began encouraging more substantial discussions in board meetings, the annual total time devoted to board meet- ings has increased over the last several years.
Discussion by Agenda Topic (Fiscal 2019)
We encourage active discussions of corporate strategy at board meetings, selecting major related topics about which to exchange opinions from medium- to long-term perspectives.
* Independent Audit & Supervisory Board members
   26.4
6.2%
Matters Related to Financial Results
Matters Related to Fleet Plan, Investments, Asset Sales, etc.
27.7 Hours
Matters Related to General Meetings of Shareholders, Board of Directors, etc.
Other
2.3%
Important Matters, Including Corporate Strategy and Business Plans
   Toyoyuki Nagamine
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Shingo Matsuo
Outside
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Toyoyuki Nagamine has extensive experience in flight operations, labor relations, corporate planning, and other disciplines. He has a wealth of knowledge and experience of Group management, including growth in the Group’s revenue domains and in implementing Group management strategies. Aiming for sustainable growth in the group corporate value, we have nominated Mr. Nagamine as an Audit & Supervisory Board member. This nomination is based on his wealth of experience and expertise in the airline industry, as well as our confidence in his ability to strengthen the audit function within the Group.
Shingo Matsuo has abundant experience and deep insight developed as a corporate manager in highly public businesses, which is why he has been appointed outside Audit & Supervisory Board member. At meetings of the Audit & Supervisory Board and the board of directors, he provides the benefit of his background to offer advice and opinions concerning Group operation focused on safety as a top priority. He also provides insight into management strategies to encourage discussion of management issues. Aiming for sustainable growth in Group corporate value, we have again nominated Mr. Matsuo as outside Audit & Supervisory Board member to reinforce the supervisory function of the board of directors.
21.4
2016
22.8
2017
15.5%
53.8%
22.3%
           2018
2019
(FY)
  84
Mr. Kiyoshi Tonomoto was elected at the 72nd General Meeting of Shareholders. Mr. Eiji Ogawa was elected at the 73rd General Meeting of Shareholders.
Mr. Nozomu Kano was elected at the 74th General Meeting of Shareholders.
85
Audit & Supervisory Board Members

Business Foundations Supporting Corporate Value
Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
The ANA Group continues initiatives to improve the functions of the board of directors. We conduct a questionnaire survey for all direc- tors and Audit & Supervisory Board members, and we individually interview the chairman of the board, president & CEO, senior execu- tive vice presidents, outside directors, and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members. We provide a detailed analysis of the survey and interview results and present a report to the board of directors.
We strive to enhance further effectiveness of the board of directors by improving the PDCA cycle through operational changes toward new solutions.
    Fiscal 2018
Act / Plan
Define Issues
Fiscal 2019
Fiscal 2020
   Do Check Act / Plan
Improvement Initiatives Evaluate Identify Issues
Continue three-hour board meetings as a rule
Do
Improvement Initiatives
   Make operational changes to provide sufficient time for discussion
Extended board meeting time from two hours to three
Board meeting length is appropriate in general. Written reports, etc., resulted in more effective use of time
        Insufficient understanding at times due to lack of information sharing related to deliberations of internal meetings
Included a summary of internal meeting discussions (pro and con opinions) in board meeting documents
Meetings continue to improve with greater numbers of reports regarding internal meeting discussions
More information has been provided regarding internal discussions; still room for improvement
Provide more detailed notes summarizing internal discussions in board meeting materials; strengthen coordination with internal committees
    Deeper discussions are required for explanations of medium- and long-term management issues and Group companies
 Hold meetings solely for outside director discussions
 Held separate meetings to discuss ANA Group Corporate Strategy
Improvement Example (1)
  Held meetings for outside directors to explain other management issues
Improvement Example (2)
  Conducted reviews of investment projects since the ANA Group transitioned to a holding company structure
 Although deeper explanations of
the ANA Group Corporate Strategy were provided, more time to discuss medium- to long-term issues, industry trends, and overseas airlines would be better
 More opportunities to discuss correlations with the Air Transportation Business separate from board meetings would help to gain a deeper understanding
 Reviews of investment projects should continue to allow more visibility of investment cost effectiveness
 Provide more time to discuss the medium- to long-term management issues at board meetings, and hold a special meeting for reports and Q&A separately from board meetings
 Provide an additional meeting where the respective officers in charge explain the management issues of ANA and a regular meeting where major Group companies present the management issues
of their companies
 Establish a new format of meeting where the financial statement auditor and outside directors hold discussions
 More time is required to discuss important management issues, including the ANA Group Corporate Strategy, separately from board meetings
    Investment project reviews should be stronger to ensure more appropriate management resource allocation for greater effectiveness
Continue conducting reviews
         More efforts are required in town meet- ing* operation for greater effectiveness
Made changes to management of town meetings with Flight Operation Center (FOC) members to enhance the effectiveness
P88–89 Town Meetings with Frontline Employees
Town meetings with FOC members were very informative. Continue town meetings with frontline employees in various businesses
Visits to frontline office and town meetings with employees have been well-received; continue to improve meeting quality
Continue to conduct hearings with outside directors about their interests and aspirations and conduct visits to frontline offices
       Held meetings for outside directors to
discuss the ANA Group Corporate Strategy
Outside directors are not provided with sufficient time to discuss the ANA Group Corporate Strategy at board meetings alone. We held meetings separately from board meetings in which the ANA HOLDINGS represen- tative director, the ANA president & CEO, officers in charge of corporate planning, and outside directors discussed the ANA Group Corporate Strategy.
Opinions Discussed
• Time spent on business in Europe provides a real sense that climate change is a very hot topic there. We must also take environmental issues more seriously.
• What is the ideal business model for ANA, which operates in a small country such as Japan, compared to airlines in the United States and China operating over a vast land area? What measures should ANA take toward this ideal?
• The cargo business is greatly impacted by economic trends. Can we grow it into a core business of our portfolio with our current understanding that cargo is an accessory to the passenger service?
• Global risks are likely to increase in the future. We must prepare for the continued rise of populism and nationalism, leading to gradual restrictions on the movement of people and goods.
Improvement Example (1)
    86
87
* Dialogue between officers and employees
Improvement Example (2)
Held meetings for outside directors to discuss the
avatar business
We established avatarin Inc. in April 2020 to create new businesses and resolve social issues. We held a meeting separately from board meetings for outside directors to provide deeper explanations of our avatar business and solicit opinions from various perspectives. At the meeting, outside directors learned the details of the avatar business and received a demonstration of the remote-controlled robot newme. Outside directors discussed the avatar business after the presentation and demonstration.
Major Topics Covered by the Board
Effectiveness Survey
(1) The performance of board functions (decision-making, supervision of business execution)
(2) Response to issues identified in the prior year’s survey (3) Management of board meetings
i. Discuss board deliberations, including dissenting opinions, at other internal meetings
ii. Provide balance among agenda item explanations, questions and answers, and time for discussions
iii. Content (time, quality) for explanations to outside directors prior to meetings
iv. Materials (quantity, quality) handed out during board meetings
   Time Information Discussion Details Additional Sharing Activities

  Business Foundations Supporting Corporate Value
Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Town Meetings with Frontline Employees
Background
Following the principles of Japan’s Corporate Governance Code, we conduct a twice-yearly survey (ANA’s Way Survey) to determine whether ANA Group employees understand and comply with ANA’s Way, our Group code of conduct. The survey results revealed the need to encourage further communications between management and employees. Also, outside directors have requested to meet and talk with frontline employees to deepen an understanding of the Group’s business and corporate culture as a whole. Based on these requests, we have held town meetings between outside directors and frontline employees since fiscal 2018.
Town meetings were held with section managers at the ANA Engineering & Maintenance Center and maintenance departments within Group companies during fiscal 2018. In 2019, we conducted similar interactions with members of the Flight Operation Center (FOC).
2. Measures to Address Alcohol Use by Flight Crew
  Q
ANA has experienced a series of problems involving
alcohol use by flight crew. Why couldn’t the Company prevent these issues?
What do you think about measures to eliminate alcohol-related issues?
 We must improve communications between
captains and first officers.
The captain concentrates on safety during a flight. The captain does not have much time to provide detailed instructions or discuss their experiences with the first offi- cer. The response to alcohol issues is becoming stricter. Senior members have passed on their experience and skills to junior members in their spare time after flight ser- vice. However, such a culture is on the decline recently.
We must strive to improve human relations and
a sense of belonging to ANA.
The younger generation does not seem to like close human relations. However, we are proud that we have grown together, exchanging frank opinions with each other, regardless of the relationship between senior and junior ranks. A lack of dialogue with others will result in less rejec- tion and possibly greater personal comfort. However, it is also true that receiving honest feedback can lead to personal growth. We expect management to take the lead in systematically reducing the sense of isolation and communication gaps.
 2019
Process
Town meetings with members of the Flight Operation Center (FOC)
QDo you think irregular work patterns and different crew composition for every flight might hamper organizational functionality? Could it be that an organizational structure that leaves each person their own decisions has something to do with alcohol issues?
 Outside directors selected from several topics to discuss with the FOC
Documents related to the selected topics were pro- vided to the outside direc- tors beforehand
Six outside directors and six FOC employees were divided into two groups for active discussions.
 The FOC maintains an atmo- sphere in which everyone can express their opinions freely. Given the nature of the work, not everyone receives instructions from their superiors every day. Each person is responsible for their own duties on each flight. An organi- zation that supports this culture should not
be afraid to encourage frank discussions with superiors or senior officers.
We must strengthen personal
communications.
We send information regarding alcohol issues via email quite frequently. We also conducted at least one interview with every pilot, performed by a superior. However, this approach has not been completely sufficient, and we believe we must engage in deeper communications.
Given the nature of our work, providing certain discretion to each individual serves to benefit organizational operations.
We admit that we had issues in managing such an extremely limited number of individuals effectively. We must consider an organizational approach that addresses the issue fully.
 Q1. Consistent Training Programs for Flight Crew Members
What are the issues in providing consistent training for skilled flight crew members?
 A strong mentality to express their own
opinions is a must.
Young people tend to try to judge other people’s feelings and worry about what other people think. Worrying too much about what other people think becomes a hindrance in making decisions when decisiveness is required.
A captain must always exercise appropriate
judgment.
Advanced technological innovation of aircraft allows the cap- tain to concentrate more on management and communication in the cockpit, rather than solely on aircraft operations. The issue is how to improve judgment through everyday operations.
 How do we conduct our business to develop
pilots over the long term?
Approximately 100 pilots were hired when our generation joined the Company (class of 1992–1993). However, every time the economy stalled, we reduced recruitment and post- poned captain promotion training. Fluctuations in recruitment may be unavoidable over the short term. However, this vari- ance certainly impacts the consistency of flight crew training over the medium and long term.
Flight crew members over 65 years should be allowed to continue to work if they are willing and able.
The ANA retirement age is 60 years (which can be extended to 65 years). However, flight crew members are allowed to con- tinue to work until 68 years based on Japanese government regulations. The qualification of flight crew members can be confirmed by a health check and skills assessment. We have
seen flight crew members over 65 years who have left to work at other airlines.
 Outside Director Comments
We were glad to hear the opinions of captains and other flight crew members with whom we do not have direct contact. Hopefully, these kinds of opportunities will be provided again in the future.
Organization
Communications
Skills
Retirement Age
A captain is independent and has the ultimate authority on
a flight. He or she is not so much a member of an organization per se.
A captain works in a lonely environment. From an organizational operations perspective, it is important that captains create opportunities to talk with junior officers and establish an environment to provide sufficient guidance.
We must create a system to enhance communication.
This includes an environment that encourages the improvement of skills among flight crew members.
Flight crew members are allowed to work until 68 years of age, as long as they have the and ability. ANA should take a close look at extending retirement age.
 Board Meeting Comments
Captains serving as managers have opportunities
to communicate with ANA management. However, other captains do not have sufficient opportunities. We recognize that we have various issues to over- come in the consistent training of flight crew members.
Future Direction
We have received opinions from our outside directors based on their broad perspectives. Meanwhile, town meetings have provided outside directors with a detailed understanding of Group businesses, which has further reenergized our board meetings. We will continue to provide opportunities for town meetings with frontline employees across a broader range of our businesses.
 88
89
Town Meeting (November 2019)
  
Business Foundations Supporting Corporate Value
Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Remuneration
 1. Basic Policies for Director Remuneration
The basic policies for director remuneration are as follows.
• Ensure the transparency, fairness, and objectivity of remu-
neration and establish a remuneration level worthy of his / her
roles and responsibilities
• Create a system that can reflect the contributions of individual
directors by introducing performance-linked remuneration combining a diverse range of indicators to clarify roles and responsibilities for company results.
• Establish a remuneration system that achieves our social responsibilities as a company, while allowing the Company to share profits with shareholders through raising medium- to long-term corporate value.
2. Procedures for Determining Remuneration
The board of directors decides director remuneration, taking into account reports by the Remuneration Advisory Committee. The total amount of director remuneration shall be within the scope of the amount approved at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders.
remuneration ranges from 0.0 to 1.0 times according to the degree of achievement for annual performance targets.
a. Bonuses
We use net income, safety, and customer satisfaction as indicators that reflect the performance and substance for a single fiscal year. The Remuneration Advisory Committee and the board of directors have previously determined the target values for each indicator and a table for corresponding pay- ment levels. This table determines payment amounts based on the performance on each indicator.
b. Stock options
We use return on equity (ROE), return on assets (ROA), and operating income margin, etc., as indicators for improved corporate value over the medium to long term and sustainable growth. The amount of payment is determined through a combination of payment levels, determined by the Remuneration Advisory Committee and the board of directors, and the respective indicators.
(2) Outside directors
Remuneration for outside directors consists of fixed compensation (monthly compensation) without a performance-linked portion. This compensation encourages outside directors to exercise their supervisory functions from an independent standpoint.
(3) Audit & Supervisory Board members
Remuneration for both inside and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members consists of fixed compensation (monthly com- pensation) without a performance-linked portion. This compen- sation encourages those members to exercise their supervisory functions from an independent standpoint.
Remuneration levels for members of the Audit & Supervisory Board are determined in line with remuneration at other compa- nies and in consultation with outside experts.
Major Indicator Targets and Results in FY2019 (Reference)
   Net Income
Return on Equity (ROE)
Return on Assets (ROA)
Operating Income Margin
Original Fiscal Year Targets (Consolidated)
¥108.0 billion
9.5%
6.2%
7.7%
Results
¥27.6 billion
2.6%
2.4%
3.1%
We set internal targets for
Customer Satisfaction
Safety and , in addition
                       to those indicated at the left. The results based on these targets are reflected in the evaluation.
              Number of persons eligible
 Total amount of remuneration, etc. (¥ millions)
 Total amount by type (remuneration, etc.) (¥ millions)
 Basic remuneration
 Bonuses
 Stock options
 10
 323
 313
 —
 10
      (3)
     (44)
     (44)
     (—)
    (—)
 6
137
137
—
—
      (4)
   (65)
   (65)
   —
  (—)
 16
  460
  450
  —
  10
        3. Remuneration Advisory Committee
4. Remuneration System
See P.79
FY2019 Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Remuneration
Segment
Directors
(Outside directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board members
(Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
Total
   (1) Internal directors
In addition to a fixed basic remuneration, remuneration for directors includes an annual variable performance-linked bonus and long- term incentive stock option plan as a means of providing healthy incentives for pursuing sustainable growth for the Company.
The ratio of fixed basic remuneration and bonus / stock options for total remuneration is 1:0.67 fixed to variable if annual perfor- mance targets have been accomplished. The ratio of variable
Conceptual Diagram for the Officer Remuneration System
Notes:
1. The table above includes one outside director who resigned as of the end of the 74th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held June 21, 2019. 2. The amounts listed above are rounded down to the nearest million yen.
   Fixed
  Variable
    Ratio
Remuneration
1
Uniform payment for all members
Monthly (cash)
0.67*1
Remuneration limits
Annual total for
(1) and (2) is limited to a maximum ¥960 million*2
Per resolution at the 66th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held June 20, 2011
 (1) Basic remuneration
  (2) Bonus (short-term performance-linked)
   (3) Stock options (long-term incentive)
  Payment according to title, etc.
  Measure for fiscal year results according to various criteria Net Income
Safety Customer Satisfaction
     Evaluate contributions to corporate value over the medium to long term Return on Equity (ROE)
Return on Assets (ROA) Operating Income Margin
        Internal directors
Outside directors
—
Annually (cash)
—
Annually
Cross-Shareholdings
We believe that it is essential to maintain and strengthen collaborative relationships with our business partners for further growth and development of Group businesses. The ANA Group, consisting mainly of our Air Transportation Business, engages in cross-shareholdings when we deem such holdings to contribute to improved corporate value over the medium to long term from the viewpoint of continuing smooth business, maintaining business alliances, and grow- ing profits through strengthening business relationships.
Every year, the board of directors conducts a comprehen- sive review of individual cross-shareholdings. The board evaluates the significance of holdings and the benefits and risks associated. To verify the economic rationality of cross- shareholdings, we conduct a quantitative and multifaceted evaluation, which includes checking the TSR (total share- holder return) for each stock or conducting a comparison
between the effectiveness of an investment in a stock versus the capital costs of the Group. If, as a result of these evalua- tions, we determine that the price of a stock will continue to be low for a certain period of time and further will not contribute to sustainable growth over the medium to long term, we will reduce our holdings in said stock.
As a result of a comprehensive review of the cross-share- holdings owned by the Group, we have determined that we do not own cross-shareholdings that should be subject to reduction.
In addition, the exercise of voting rights associated with cross-shareholdings will be judged based on the results of dialogue with the company in question after examining the medium- to long-term improvement of the corporate value and the impact on the Group’s business.
    Payment according to status as full-time or part-time
   —
  —
  Annual maximum
of ¥180 million
Per resolution at the 74th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held June 21, 2019
   Audit & Supervisory Board members
Payment method
 90
91
*1 Range from 0.0 to 1.0 times according to the degree of achievement for annual performance targets.
*2 Stock options referenced in (3) is paid according to the stock option plan adopted per resolution of the 70th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, held June 29, 2015. This amount is
separate from the remuneration limit amount.
Payment criteria

Business Foundations Supporting Corporate Value
Risk Management
Preserve Corporate Value through Safe and Reliable Business Operations
The ANA Group takes steps to identify, analyze, and appropriately address risks with the potential to severely impact management. In addition, we have developed groupwide frameworks to minimize the impact of risks and prevent reoccurrence in case risks materialize.
Risk Management Promotion System
The ANA Group Total Risk Management Regulations provides the basic terms of the Group’s risk management system. Under these regulations, the Group ESG Management Promotion Committee develops and implements basic policies. These policies are executed in line with the basic policies determined by the board of directors. Each Group company / department has established a risk manage- ment system. Here, the ESG Promotion Officer and the ESG Promotion Leader are responsible for promoting and leading risk manage- ment operations, respectively. The ESG Promotion Leader assumes a role to conduct risk management operations according to plans and take swift action while working with the secretariat in the event of a crisis.
  Cybersecurity Measures
The ANA Group is designated as a critical infrastructure provider in Japan by the National Center of Incident Readiness and Strategy for Cybersecurity (NISC). We implement security measures at entrance and exit control, and we have adopted antivirus measures in accordance with the guidelines formulated by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI). We monitor our security system 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. The ANA Group trains security personnel, and we have established the Computer Security Incident Response Team (CSIRT) to ensure swift action in response to any incidents.
Cybersecurity intelligence is most effective when providing early alerts to counter cyberattacks. Therefore, we participate in information sharing organizations, such as the Aviation Information Sharing and Analysis Center (A-ISAC), which consists of airline, aircraft manufacturer, and other members. We also participate in the Surface Transportation Information Sharing and Analysis Center (ST-ISAC). In these ways, we acquire information from internal and external industry sources as early as possible for use in taking preventive measures.
The Keidanren (Japan Business Federation) published the Cyber Risk Handbook for Directors in autumn 2019. We develop measures assuming that incidents are inevitable. Since the utilization of digital technology is an important means for corporate growth, we understand that we must take a balanced approach. The ANA Group sees cybersecurity as a risk management issue to be addressed by the entire group, including our board of directors.
 Risk Management Principles
Risk Prevention
Each Group company implements independent risk manage- ment activities (identifying risks, analyzing and evaluating these risks, planning and implementing countermeasures, and monitoring the results).
The Group companies monitor and evaluate progress, effectiveness, and level of achievement of the measures taken with respect to significant risks identified in each organization. The Company implements measures to address issues faced by the Group, and the Group ESG Management Promotion Committee monitors progress.
Major Initiatives
Business Continuity Plan (BCP)
Our BCP details policies and procedures for responding to large-scale disasters to ensure the safety of customers and all ANA Group directors and employees, minimize the impact on management and on society as a whole, and resume normal business operations as quickly as possible.
Information Security
The ANA Group updates the Group’s information security regulations and implements the information security manage- ment system. Through this system, we strive every day to improve information systems functions and implement security measures in line with the policies.
Personal information is essential for us to provide services in ANA Group businesses. We view personal information as important assets we receive from our customers. In recent years, various laws and regulations related to personal informa- tion and privacy have been established in Japan and overseas. We have therefore revised our privacy policy and relevant inter- nal regulations to ensure compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), established in the European
Crisis Management in Response to a Risk
We collect accurate information and implement measures to minimize damage and prevent reoccurrence by investigating and identifying the causes of crises.
The Crisis Management Manual provides responses to crises in general, and the Emergency Response Manual provides responses to incidents with a direct impact on the operation
of ANA Group aircraft, including accidents or hijack.
Union in 2018, and the China Cybersecurity Law (CCSL) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), established in 2020.
We require every employee to receive e-learning training on the importance of information assets and proper handling, etc. In so doing we ensure compliance with these laws, regulations, and rules for using our information systems. In this way and others, we strive to raise employee awareness of the signifi- cance of information security in the workplace.
Security Export Control*
The ANA Group exports the parts, chemicals, apparatuses, and other articles necessary for aircraft maintenance to overseas airports and aircraft maintenance centers. Certain articles have the potential to be adapted to create weapons. Accordingly, we practice rigorous security export control of exported articles.
A stringent security export control structure is maintained through once-annual audits and trainings. These activities target divisions that are considered exporters for being directly involved in exporting as well as divisions that are involved due to handling customs clearance and other transportation-related processes.
* Security export control is a term that refers to all regulations placed on exports from
Japan by the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act. 93
 Responses to Typhoons and Their Aftermath
Natural disasters such as large typhoons and torrential rains have occurred frequently over the past few years. As a public transporta- tion provider, we see a growing importance to make preparations and conduct drills related to these disasters on a regular basis.
Typhoon No. 21(Jebi) touched down in September 2018 and caused flights to be suspended for an extended period of time
at the Kansai International Airport. We conducted a review in fiscal 2019 of our disaster responses at the time, including a second look at practice drills. As a result, we enhanced the disaster response capacity of the front lines of our business. We also reviewed our facilities at airports across Japan, developing facility enhancement plans to prepare for flooding and power outages.
ANA actively participates in the development of guidelines for Advanced Airport-Business Continuity Plan (A2-BCP) led by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT). These guidelines address building airports resistant to natural disasters and participation is part of our efforts to strengthen cooperation with airport administrators and other stakeholders.
The ANA Group strives to update our BCP measures in the event of a crisis, and we continue to improve our capacity to respond on the front lines of our business and to train our people.
Drill at the Kansai International Airport
     Responses to COVID-19 (Employee Infection Prevention Measures)
The ANA Group created a response system based on the Crisis Management Manual and Emergency Response Manual in late January 2020, when the COVID-19 infection spread in Wuhan, China, and the authorities suspended public transportation services. We have endeavored to prevent the spread of infection. For example, when a physician identifies an employee who is suspected of infection, we notify the relevant employee and employees who are likely to have been in contact, directing them to stay home and wait for instructions from the public health center.
In addition, we implemented the following measures to prevent infection among our employees.
Based on the experience acquired through measures to prevent the spread of the infection since January, we will implement the following measures.
 • Implement consistent infection prevention measures, such as hand washing
• Instruct employees to wear masks and gloves according to the degree of infection spread
• Check employee health on a consistent basis
• Communicate information and distribute materials based on the latest knowledge
• Ensure employees are aware of government declaration of emergency policies (we imposed some policies that are stricter than those
of the government)
 • Strive to acquire the latest information and share with employees
• Implement new business and work styles based on the new normal published by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare and the
guidelines of the Keidanren and the Scheduled Airlines Association of JAPAN, understanding that infections spread in waves
 92

    94
95
Business Foundations Supporting Corporate Value
Compliance
Preserve Corporate Value by Enhancing Internal Systems and
Further Entrench Mission Statement
The ANA Group is taking steps to minimize exposure to legal risks and prevent incidents that could diminish corporate value.
Compliance Implementation System
The ANA Group has developed a compliance system based on the ANA Group Compliance Regulations to promote compliance with laws, regulations, and other standards related to business activities. Under the direction of the Group ESG Management Promotion Committee, which is an advisory body to the board of directors, each company and department appoints an ESG Promotion Officer that is responsible for promotion and an ESG Promotion Leader as a key driver of ESG initiatives. These officers and leaders strive to raise awareness of compliance across the ANA Group.
Internal Reporting System
Based on the ANA Group Rules for Handling Internal Reporting, we have set up a point of contact (ANA Alert) both inside and outside the Company (via a law firm) to collect and resolve any issues. These reporting systems are available to all Group executives, employees, and temporary personnel involved in operations. ANA Group retirees and officers and employees of our business partners may also use these reporting systems. We protect the privacy of the whistleblower and other relevant parties, and assures that no punitive measures will be taken against those that seek consultation or cooperate in confirming facts. This helps us obtain internal risk-related information promptly and aids in self-resolution. We are also engaged in initiatives overseas to improve awareness of our internal reporting system and focus on minimizing legal risks on a global level.
Group Companies Compliance Survey
Surveys on compliance at Group companies are conducted once each year. These surveys consist of self-checks on the degree to which compliance was practiced with regard to rel- evant laws and regulations as well as examinations of issues pertaining to each Group company and to the entire Group. We conduct follow-ups with each company based on survey results as necessary in the interest of resolving issues.
ANA Group Tax Policy
In February 2020, we formulated the ANA Group Tax Policy to strengthen corporate tax governance and respond to growing global interest in taxes.
The core principles of this policy state that the ANA Group considers the proper reporting and fulfillment of tax obligations related to our business activities is a social responsibility. Reporting and paying tax obligations enables the Group to preserve our corporate value and contribute to the development of communities in each relevant country. By implementing tax governance that is groupwide and cross-functional, we comply with the relevant laws, regulations, and other rules, clearly indicating the ideal state whereby we report and fulfill tax obligations in an appropriate manner.
We present courses of action for employees related to (1) compliance with laws and regulations, (2) fair business practices, (3) talent develop- ment, (4) tax management, (5) utilization of external knowledge, and (6) relationship with relevant tax authorities. We strive to raise awareness among Group employees on an ongoing basis through internal training and other methods.
By sharing this policy with each of our stakeholders and ensuring that Group employees are in compliance, we aim to reduce tax risk and report and fulfill tax obligations in an appropriate manner.
  Major Initiatives
Legal Compliance Education
We conduct a variety of educational programs for every Group executive and employee to acquire correct knowledge of and exercise appropriate judgment related to various laws and regulations. We hold regular seminars on contract practices, labor practices, and laws and regulations related to air trans- portation, improving our familiarity with business-essential knowledge. The Company also seeks to foster a mindset focused on legal compliance among Group executives and employees working overseas. To this end, we hold seminars on competition and anti-bribery laws at overseas branches. We also sponsor seminars tailored to topics and content that reflect the needs of each Group company and / or department.
Information Dissemination
To spread awareness of compliance throughout the ANA Group, we distribute e-mail and other newsletters on topics related to revisions to laws and regulations, as well as points of caution regarding labor and contract practices. We have also posted manuals and guidelines for various laws, regulations, and rules on the compliance website on our intranet. In this way and others, we create an environment in which Group executives and employees have access to this information at any time.
Initiatives to Prevent Harassment
We are working now, more than ever, to strengthen initiatives for workplaces free from harassment. Specifically, we estab- lished the new Rules on Harassment Prevention and conduct e-learning harassment education for all Group executives and employees. In this way, we are striving to create workplace environments across the entire ANA Group in which people can work without hindrance and that never tolerate harassment.
Information Poster for the Internal Reporting System
Strengthening Cooperation with Group Companies and Overseas Branches
To strengthen the compliance system across the entire Group, we have clarified the points of contact between our Legal & Insurance Department, Group companies, and ANA overseas branches, building and operating a system facilitating two-way communication.
  Seminar conducted during fiscal 2019
 Newsletter
Harassment Education Materials
1 2 3 4 5 6
Six Courses of Action for Our Tax Policy
Compliance with Laws and Regulations
Fair Business Practices
Talent Development
Tax Management
Utilization of External Knowledge
Relationship with Relevant Tax Authorities
       Details are available on our corporate website.
https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/basic_ approach/tax-policy/

  Business Foundations Supporting Corporate Value
Responsible Dialogue with Stakeholders
The ANA Group conducts business activities through our relationships with stakeholders. We engage in ongoing dialogue with stakeholders to build trust and offer peace of mind. As we do so, we increase the effectiveness of our strategies by incorporating the opinions and requests of stakeholders into
our businesses.
External Recognition Inclusion in ESG Indexes
• Dow Jones Sustainability World Index
• Dow Jones Sustainability Asia Pacific Index
• Sustainability Award Gold Class 2019
• FTSE4Good Index
• FTSE Blossom Japan Index
• MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN)*
Quality
• SKYTRAX (ANA)
- Awarded 5-STAR status for
an eighth consecutive year
Management Strategy
• Japan Health Conference, Ministry of Economy,
Trade and Industry
Certified Health and Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program –White 500–
(ANA HOLDINGS INC., ANA AIRPORT SERVICES Co., Ltd., ANA OSAKA AIRPORT CO., LTD.)
• Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
IKUMEN AWARD 2019
Balance Support Category Special Encouragement Award (ANA)
• Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare Next-generation support certification Company Platinum Kurumin Certified
(ANA, ANA AIRPORT SERVICES CO., LTD.)
• DBJ Health Management Ranking Highest Rank (ANA HOLDINGS INC., ANA)
• J-Win Diversity Award 2020 Advanced Achievement Award (ANA)
     IR large meetings / small meetings (for institutional investors / analysts)
6 times
Aircraft maintenance center tours for
private shareholders* 10 times /
Total: 575people
(including IR fairs)
* Suspended January–March 2020 due to COVID-19.
Topic examples • Commitment to safety • SDGs
  The 75th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders
   Dialogue with Shareholders and Investors
Communication with Our Employees
Dialogue with International Society
Dialogue with Business Partners
Dialogue with Communities
Number of attendees
585 people
Dialogue with institutional investors /
analysts
225 times
(in Japan: 127 times; overseas : 98 times)
ANA Officer Town Meetings
Number of meetings 949 times
Participants
Total: 12,612 people
Participation in an international conference on the environment
7 times
(United States, Canada, Switzerland, Malaysia)
Voting rights exercise ratio
62.8%
Presentations for private investors*
10 times /
Total: 614people
On-Time Performance
• Cirium (ANA)
Asia-Pacific Major Airlines - Network Category : No. 1 - Mainline Category : No. 1 Worldwide Major Airlines
- Network Category : No. 2 - Mainline Category : No. 2
• Cabinet Office
Cool Japan Matching Award 2019 Kabuki-themed in-flight safety video Grand Prix Award (ANA)
• Good Design Award 2019
(New domestic route economy-class seats developed between ANA and Toyota Boshoku Corporation; P.55)
• IAUD International Design Award 2019 Gold Award, UX Design Category (ANA)
• 2019 ORICON Customer Satisfaction Survey
No. 1 in category of Instructor, Corporate Training, Extension Seminar for Young, Mid-Level Employees (ANA Business Solutions)
           Dialogue with overseas ESG investors
6 times (UK)
• Work-style reform, etc.
Dialogue with human rights organizations overseas
2 times (Thailand)
Participation in international conferences on human rights
5 times
(United States, Switzerland, Thailand, Japan)
     Exchange of opinions with companies involved in the manufacture of in-flight meals
1 time (Thailand)
Participation in reconstruction activities,
volunteer activities
(sponsored by ANA Holdings Corporate Sustainability)
Number of meetings 17 times Group employee participants
423 people
Participation in conferences for the revitalization of communities surrounding Narita Airport
Number of meetings 62 times
        96
97
Total:
* THE INCLUSION OF ANA HOLDINGS INC. IN ANY MSCI INDEX, AND THE USE OF MSCI LOGOS, TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS OR INDEX NAMES HEREIN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE A SPONSORSHIP, ENDORSEMENT OR PROMOTION OF ANA HOLDINGS INC. BY MSCI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES.
THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES AND LOGOS ARE TRADEMARKS OR SERVICE MARKS OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES.

 Financial / Data Section
Consolidated 11-Year Summary
ANA HOLDINGS INC. and its consolidated subsidiaries (Note 1)
For the Year
Operating revenues (Note 4)
Operating expenses
Operating income (loss)
Income (loss) before income taxes
Net income (loss) attributable to owners of the parent Cash flows from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Free cash flow
Substantial free cash flow (Note 5) Depreciation and amortization EBITDA (Note 6)
Capital expenditures
At Year-End
Total assets
Interest-bearing debt Shareholders’ equity (Note 7)
Per Share Data (Yen, U.S. dollars) (Note 8) Earnings per share
Book value per share
Cash dividends
Average number of shares during the year (Thousand shares)
Management Indexes
Operating income margin (%)
Net income margin (%)
ROA (%) (Note 9)
ROE (%) (Note 10)
Shareholders’ equity ratio (%) Debt/equity ratio (Times) (Note 11) Asset turnover (Times) (Note 12) Payout ratio (%)
Number of employees
Operating Data
International Passenger Operations Passenger revenues
Available seat-km (Millions) Revenue passenger-km (Millions) Number of passengers (Thousands) Load factor (%)
Unit revenues (¥)
Yield (¥)
Domestic Passenger Operations
Passenger revenues
Available seat-km (Millions) Revenue passenger-km (Millions) Number of passengers (Thousands) Load factor (%)
Unit revenues (¥)
Yield (¥)
Yen (Millions)
2015
1,791,187 1,654,724 136,463 131,064 78,169 263,878
(74,443) (133,257) 189,435
88,035 138,830 275,293 281,416
2,228,808 703,886 789,896
22.36 225.87 5.00 3,496,561
7.6 4.4 6.1 9.8
35.4 0.9 0.8 22.4 36,273
515,696 54,710 40,635
8,167 74.3 9.4 12.7
685,638 59,421 38,470 42,664
64.7 11.5 17.8
— — — — — — —
113,309 810,628
31,740 466,979
U.S. dollars (Thousands) (Note 3)
2019
18,140,365 17,581,641 558,724 473,224 254,111 1,196,076
(2,115,390) 219,323
(919,314)
(727,271) 1,614,802 2,173,527 3,228,530
23,524,331 7,744,757 9,749,407
0.75 29.14 —
   (FY) (Note 2)
2019
1,974,216 1,913,410 60,806 51,501 27,655 130,169
(230,218) 23,869 (100,049) (79,149)
175,739 236,545 351,361
2,560,153 842,862 1,061,028
82.66 3,171.80 — 334,559
3.1 1.4 2.4 2.6
41.4 0.8 0.8 — 45,849
613,908 68,885 50,219
9,416 72.9 8.9 12.2
679,962 58,552 39,502 42,916
67.5 11.6 17.2
2018
2,058,312 1,893,293 165,019 154,023 110,777 296,148
(308,671) (46,480) (12,523) (18,028)
159,541 324,560 375,864
2,687,122 788,649 1,099,413
331.04 3,285.46 75.00 334,632
8.0 5.4 6.4
10.6 40.9 0.7 0.8 22.7 43,466
651,587 65,976 50,776 10,093
77.0 9.9 12.8
696,617 58,475 40,704 44,325
69.6 11.9 17.1
93,611 12,052 10,394
8,153 86.2 7.8 9.0
125,015 913,915
27,454 393,773
2017
1,971,799 1,807,283 164,516 196,641 143,887 316,014
(324,494) (29,989) (8,480) 61,410
150,408 314,924 304,707
2,562,462 798,393 988,661
417.82 2,954.47 60.00 344,372
8.3 7.3 6.8
15.1 38.6 0.8 0.8 14.4 41,930
597,446 64,376 49,132
9,740 76.3 9.3 12.2
689,760 58,426 40,271 44,150
68.9 11.8 17.1
87,555 11,832 10,212
7,797 86.3 7.4 8.6
118,002 994,593
30,710 436,790
2016
1,765,259 1,619,720 145,539 139,462 98,827 237,084
(194,651) 3,349 42,433 39,655 140,354 285,893 254,425
2,314,410 729,877 919,157
28.23 262.44 6.00 3,500,205
8.2 5.6 6.5
11.6 39.7 0.8 0.8 21.3 39,243
516,789 60,148 45,602
9,119 75.8 8.6 11.3
678,326 59,080 38,990 42,967
66.0 11.5 17.4
— — — — — — —
93,301 954,027
30,860 451,266
2014
1,713,457 1,621,916 91,541 77,983 39,239 206,879
(210,749) (30,424) (3,870) (22,350)
131,329 222,870 274,702
2,302,437 819,831 798,280
11.24 228.45 4.00 3,492,380
5.3 2.3 4.2 5.1
34.7 1.0 0.8 35.6 34,919
468,321 49,487 35,639
7,208 72.0 9.5 13.1
683,369 60,213 38,582 43,203
64.1 11.3 17.7
— — — — — — —
124,772 841,765
32,584 475,462
2013
1,601,013 1,535,027 65,986 36,391 18,886 200,124
(64,915) (85,569) 135,209 38,929
136,180 202,166 183,739
2,173,607 834,768 746,070
5.41 213.82 3.00 3,493,860
4.1 1.2 3.2 2.5
34.3 1.1 0.7 55.5 33,719
395,340 41,451 30,613
6,336 73.9 9.5 12.9
675,153 61,046 37,861 42,668
62.0 11.1 17.8
— — — — — — —
104,736 710,610
32,116 477,081
2012
1,483,581 1,379,754 103,827 70,876 43,140 173,196
(333,744) 84,549 (160,548) 54,256
123,916 227,743 162,752
2,137,242 897,134 766,737
13.51 218.41 4.00 3,192,482
7.0 2.9 5.1 6.6
35.9 1.2 0.7 29.6 32,634
348,319 37,947 28,545
6,276 75.2 9.2 12.2
665,968 58,508 36,333 41,089
62.1 11.4 18.3
— — — — — — —
86,589 621,487
32,231 463,473
2011
1,411,504 1,314,482 97,022 63,431 28,178 214,406
(166,323) 16,171 48,083 52,043 119,268 216,290 196,881
2,002,570 963,657 549,014
11.22 218.24 4.00 2,511,841
6.9 2.0 5.1 5.3
27.4 1.8 0.7 35.7 32,884
320,066 34,406 25,351
5,883 73.7 9.3 12.6
651,556 56,756 34,589 39,020
60.9 11.5 18.8
— — — — — — —
87,978 570,684
33,248 467,348
2010
1,357,653 1,289,845 67,808 35,058 23,305 203,889
(139,619) (10,596) 64,270 27,870
118,440 186,248 211,698
1,928,021 938,819 520,254
9.29 207.35 2.00 2,507,572
5.0 1.7 3.7 4.7
27.0 1.8 0.7 21.5 32,731
280,637 29,768 22,430
5,168 75.3 9.4 12.5
652,611 56,796 35,983 40,574
63.4 11.5 18.1
— — — — — — —
86,057 557,445
32,413 453,606
2009
1,228,353 1,282,600
(54,247) (95,593) (57,387) 82,991
(251,893) 173,791 (168,902) (123,902) 113,806
59,559 209,937
1,859,085 941,691 473,552
(24.67) 188.93 — 2,326,547
(4.4) (4.7) (2.8)
(14.4) 25.5 2.0 0.7 — 32,578
214,124 26,723 20,220
4,666 75.7 8.0 10.6
630,976 57,104 35,397 39,894
62.0 11.0 17.8
— — — — — — —
55,750 422,449
31,829 458,732
           LCC Passenger Operations (Note 13)
Revenues 81,953
5,640,981
6,247,927
753,036
943,646
234,613
Available seat-km (Millions) Revenue passenger-km (Millions) Number of passengers (Thousands) Load factor (%)
Unit revenues (¥)
Yield (¥)
International Cargo Operations Cargo revenues
Cargo volume (Tons)
Domestic Cargo Operations Cargo revenues
Cargo volume (Tons)
11,076 9,202 7,288
83.1 7.4 8.9
102,697 866,821
25,533 373,176
  98
99
Notes: 1. As of March 31, 2020, there were 62 consolidated subsidiaries and 16 equity-method subsidiaries and affiliates.
2. From April 1 to March 31 of the next year
3. U.S. dollar amounts in this report are translated, for convenience only, at the rate of ¥108.83 = US$1, the approximate exchange rate as of March 31, 2020.
4. Effective from the fiscal year ended March 2015, revenue of jet fuel which is resold to airlines outside the Group is offset by its purchasing cost and the net amount is recorded in
operating revenues.
5. Substantial free cash flow is excluding purchase and redemption of marketable securities (time deposits and negotiable deposits of more than three months). 6. EBITDA = Operating income + Depreciation and amortization
7. Total shareholders’ equity = Shareholders’ equity + Accumulated other comprehensive income
8. The Group conducted a 1-for-10 reverse stock split effective October 1, 2017. Calculations have been made assuming a reverse stock split at the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 2018.
9. ROA = (Operating income + Interest and dividend income) / Simple average of total assets
10. ROE = Net income attributable to owners of the parent / Simple average of shareholders’ equity
11. Debt/equity ratio = Interest-bearing debt / Shareholders’ equity
12. Asset turnover = Operating revenues / Simple average of total assets
13. Revenues of LCC Operations include ancillary income.
* Yen amounts are rounded down to the nearest million yen and percentages are rounded to the nearest one decimal place. U.S. dollar amounts are truncated.

 Financial / Data Section
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
   Economic Conditions
General Economic Overview
The Japanese economy recovered moderately during fiscal 2019 (April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020) as corporate earnings remained at a high level and consumer spending rallied. Toward the end of the fiscal year, however, the economy deteriorated rapidly due to the effects of COVID-19, leading to an extremely severe situation.
Looking ahead, we must pay close attention to risks that could degrade the global economy further as a result of the spread of the virus. Potential effects include worsening employment and personal income environments due to falling corporate profits, slowing con- sumer spending, and more.
Fuel Price Trends
The average price for Dubai crude oil was $60.5 per barrel during fiscal 2019. During the first half of the year, Dubai crude ranged around $60 per barrel as OPEC, Russia, and other major non-OPEC oil-producing countries deferred production increases. However, toward the end of the fiscal year, fears of global recession due to impact of the spread of COVID-19 led to a sudden decline in market conditions. As a result, the price of Dubai crude oil ended at $33.7 per barrel on March 31, 2020.
The market price of Singapore kerosene tracked the price of crude oil. The average price for the fiscal year was $72.4 per barrel, ending at $31.1 per barrel on March 31, 2020.
Foreign Exchange Market
The Japanese yen averaged ¥108.7 to the U.S. dollar for fiscal 2019, ending the year at ¥108.8 per U.S. dollar. The value of the yen rose during the first half of the year due to concerns about the impact of intensifying trade frictions on the world economy. Toward the end of the fiscal year, risk aversion grew with the spread of the virus, and the value of the yen continued to appreciate.
Air Transport Traffic Trends
International Air Transport Association (IATA) member airlines reported 1,890 million passengers on scheduled international flights in 2019 (4.4% increase year on year). Passengers on scheduled domestic flights numbered 2,650 million (3.4% increase). At the same time, scheduled global air cargo volume decreased 2.4%. (Source: IATA World Air Transport Statistics, 2020)
In Japan, passengers on trunk routes* decreased 2.2% to 42.49 million for fiscal 2019. The number of passengers on local routes* decreased 1.8% to 59.38 million. In total, Japanese air transport passengers numbered 101.87 million, a decrease of 2.0%. Domestic cargo volume decreased 5.6% to 0.77 million tons. The number of passengers carried by Japanese airlines on international services decreased 8.4% to 21.43 million, while the volume of international cargo handled by Japanese airlines increased 0.9% to 1.45 million tons. (Source: Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism Statistical Report on Air Transport)
* Trunk routes refer to routes connecting Sapporo (New Chitose), Tokyo (Haneda), Tokyo (Narita), Osaka (Itami), Kansai, Fukuoka, and Okinawa (Naha) airports with one another. Local routes refer to all other routes.
Monthly Prices for Dubai Crude Oil and Singapore Kerosene
Performance for Fiscal 2019
Overview of the ANA Group
As of March 31, 2020, the ANA Group (“the Group”), led by holding company ANA HOLDINGS INC., consisted of 128 subsidiaries (including ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS CO., LTD.) and 45 affiliates. A total of 62 companies are treated as consolidated subsidiaries, with another 16 treated as equity-method subsidiaries and affiliates. The Group had 45,849 employees, up 2,383 employees year on year.
During fiscal 2019, we executed various measures set forth in the FY2018–22 ANA Group Corporate Strategy (published February 1, 2018). We made progress in human resources and capital expendi- tures in advance of the 2020 slot expansions at the Tokyo metropoli- tan area airports, while also pursuing safety, quality and services. However, in the fourth quarter, impact from the spread of COVID-19 led to a sharp decline in demand for air transport.
Consolidated Operating Revenues, Operating Expenses, and Operating Income
Fiscal 2019 consolidated operating revenues amounted to ¥1,974.2 billion, a ¥84.0 billion (4.1%) decrease year on year. This decrease was mainly due to reduced revenues in our mainstay Air Transportation Business.
Although we reduced costs by controlling the volume of opera- tions in response to the sharp decline in passenger demand, operat- ing income amounted to ¥60.8 billion, a ¥104.2 billion (63.2%) decrease year on year due to a significant decrease in operating revenues.
Review by Segment
The Group operates four reportable segments: Air Transportation, Airline Related, Travel Services, and Trade and Retail.
     100
101
(U.S. dollars per barrel)
100
80
60
40
20
Dubai Crude Oil Singapore Kerosene
  19/4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 20/1 2 3 (Year/ Month)
 Source: Bloomberg
Monthly Yen-Dollar Exchange Rate
Source: Bloomberg
Global Air Transportation Passenger Volume by Region
Segment Information
 (Yen/U.S. dollars)
120
110
100 (Year/ 19/4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 20/1 2 3 Month)
   Source: International Air Transport Association (IATA), 2020
2018
¥1,814,417 291,051 150,746 150,679 Others 40,958
Change
¥(76,680) 8,382
(6,750) (5,929) 3,265
2018
¥160,556 13,178 606 3,706 2,275
(¥ Millions)
Change
¥(95,658) 5,793 833
(846) 1,277 586
Change
¥(111,006) 4,966 787
(797) 1,251 586
Notes: 1. “Others” represents all operating segments that are not included in reportable segments, including facility management, business support, and other operations.
2. Adjustments of segment profit represent the elimination of intersegment transactions, Group management expenses of ANA HOLDINGS INC., and other certain items. 3. Segment operating income is reconciled with operating income in the consolidated financial statements.
4. EBITDA = Operating income + Depreciation and amortization
(Fiscal Year)
Air Transportation
2018
¥313,504 17,674 1,113 5,060 2,511
Airline Related Travel Services Trade and Retail
2019
¥1,737,737
299,433
Operating Revenues
2019
¥ 49,550
18,144
Operating Income
2019
¥217,846
23,467
EBITDA
 143,996
144,750
 RPK (Billions)
9,000
6,000
3,000
3,011
8,679
2,320
2,000
1,932
1,000
786
442
185
3,000
          00 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (CY)
(Left) Total
(Right) Asia-Pacific Europe North America Middle East Latin America
Africa
 44,223
(395,923)
Adjustments (389,539) (6,384)
Total (Consolidated) ¥2,058,312 ¥(84,096)
(15,302)
¥165,019 ¥(104,213)
(15,302)
¥324,560 ¥(88,015)
¥1,974,216
1,393
2,909
3,526
(14,716)
¥ 60,806
1,946
4,214
3,788
(14,716)
¥236,545

 Financial / Data Section
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Air Transportation Business
Changes in Operating Income (FY2019 vs FY2018)
ANA International Passenger Business Results
 (¥ Billions)
 800 200 600 150 400 100 200 50
00 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
     (Left) Passenger Revenues (Right) ASK RPK Yield
(Fiscal Year)
ASK (Millions)
RPK (Millions)
Number of passengers (Thousands) Load factor (%)
Passenger revenues (¥ Billions) Unit revenues (¥)
Yield (¥)
Unit price (¥)
* Difference
2019
2018 YoY (%)
 68,885
50,219
9,416
72.9
613.9
8.9
12.2
65,196
65,976 50,776 10,093
77.0 651.5 9.9 12.8 64,556
+4.4 –1.1 –6.7 –4.1* –5.8 –9.8 –4.7
+1.0
18/4
 (¥ Billions)
  ANA Decrease in Revenues –76.6 International
Passenger
Decrease in Profit –111.0
     160.5
–37.6
ANA Revenues from contracted Domestic maintenance and handling,
–16.6 ANA Cargo & Mail
–24.6
Passenger Mileage and Card, etc.
 ANA Other Revenues
+13.9
LCC
–11.6
Increase in Expenses +34.3
   +27.0
–19.2
Fuel & Fuel Tax
  (Fiscal Year)
Operating expenses
2019 2018 1,814.4
1,653.8 160.5
1,737.7
49.5
 Change
YoY (%)
–76.6
–4.2
+34.3
+2.1
–111.0
–69.1
 Operating revenues
 1,688.1
 Operating income
49.5
  Depreciation and amortization except aircraft, maintenance, etc.
Other Expenses
+26.7
Commissions, advertising,
In-flight services, Ground services, etc.
Sales-Linked
Landing and
navigation fees, Aircraft depreciation, Personnel, Outsourcing contracts, etc.
 –0.2
Operation- Linked
    FY2018 Operating Income
FY2019 Operating Income
ANA Domestic Passenger Business
* Figures for ASK, RPK, and Yield are indexed using the figures for fiscal 2015 as 100.
maintain our network as a public transportation provider. In total, 2,674 flights across 42 routes were suspended or reduced.
We have offered discount fares that can be purchased as early
as 355 days before boarding, aiming to capture demand at an early stage for periods such as the Golden Week holidays and summer vacations. In November, we introduced new seats on Boeing 777-200 aircraft, offering improved comfort and functionality with power reclining in Premium Class. We also introduced seats equipped with touch panel personal monitors in Economy Class. In addition, we renovated the ANA LOUNGE at Naha Airport in September under
the supervision of Kengo Kuma, one of Japan’s leading architects.
In November at Naha, we also altered the layout of the departure counter, and implemented the ANA Baggage Drop automated baggage drop machine, making it the fourth airport in Japan to be
so equipped. These and other efforts were made to further improve service quality.
 Air Transportation Business operating revenues amounted to ¥1,737.7 billion, a year-on-year decrease of ¥76.6 billion (4.2%). Operating revenues through the third quarter trended firmly up owing to factors such as strong domestic passenger demand and expan- sion of international route networks, despite sluggish demand for international cargo business due to a cooling of the world economy caused by U.S.–China trade frictions. In the fourth quarter, demand for domestic and overseas travel declined sharply due to immigration restrictions in various countries around the world due to the spread of COVID-19, as well as voluntary limits on non-essential travel domesti- cally. Operating income amounted to ¥49.5 billion, a year-on-year
ANA International Passenger Business
A total of 9.41 million passengers used the ANA network in fiscal 2019 (6.7% decrease), while unit price rose 1.0% to ¥65,196. Operating revenues fell 5.8% year on year to ¥613.9 billion. We recorded a 4.4% increase in available seat-kilometers (ASK) and saw a 1.1% decrease in revenue passenger-kilometers (RPK). Load factor decreased 4.1 points to 72.9%.
Although we captured demand by opening new routes and deploying ultra-wide body aircraft on Hawaii routes, the decline in demand due to COVID-19 that became apparent on China routes from the end of January spread to routes servicing Asia, North America, Europe, and Hawaii. As a result, both revenues and passen- ger numbers decreased to levels underperforming previous fiscal year. ANA actively promoted services to new cities in our route network, launching the Narita–Perth route (western Australia) in September, the Narita–Chennai route (southern India) in October, and the Narita–Vladivostok route (eastern Russia) in March 2020. In May, ANA introduced the Airbus A380 FLYING HONU, the world’s largest passenger aircraft, on the Narita–Honolulu route. However, we
decrease of ¥111.0 billion (69.1%). This result was due to an increase in aircraft expenses, maintenance expenses, and other costs due to further improvements in safety, quality, and services and measures preparing for slot expansions at the Tokyo metropolitan area airports. On the other hand, performance was impacted negatively by flight cancellations and reductions on both international and domestic routes, despite controlled fuel expenses, landing and navigation fees, and other costs in response to decreasing demand for air travel.
Results by business were as follows.
suspended and reduced flights along 71 routes, affecting 2,814 flights by the end of March 2020 in response to the decrease in demand caused by the impact of COVID-19.
For the first time in 10 years, ANA unveiled new seats for First Class and Business Class on Boeing 777-300ER aircraft. We intro- duced the upgraded aircraft on the Haneda–London route in August, the Haneda–New York and Narita–New York routes in November, and the Haneda–Frankfurt route in February 2020. We introduced our first private wide-seat with a closable door, called THE Room, in Business Class. These new seats offer the world’s first personal 4K-compatible monitor and other amenities, achieving the highest levels of passen- ger comfort.
At the end of January, we signed a joint venture framework agreement with Singapore Airlines with the aim of strengthening our network and increasing our presence in the rapidly growing Asia / Oceania region. Going forward, we will deepen our partnership relations and work to improve competitiveness and customer conve- nience in the Asia / Oceania region.
In addition to robust business demand and domestic travel of passengers visiting Japan, we captured strong demand over the ten-day Golden Week holidays. We also offered various discount fares according to demand. These measures led to a positive trend through the third quarter; however, demand declined sharply due to impact of COVID-19 beginning at the end of February. As a result, revenues and passenger numbers decreased year on year. ASK grew 0.1% year on year, while RPK fell 3.0%. Load factor was 67.5%, a decrease of 2.1 points. Passenger numbers declined 3.2% to 42.91 million and unit price rose 0.8% to ¥15,844. Operating revenues were down 2.4% to ¥679.9 billion.
ANA increased flights in our route network, introducing the Narita– Chubu route in May and the Chubu–Kumamoto route in October. ANA sought to improve efficiency further by optimizing the number of route flights and adjusting aircraft types flexibly based on demand predic- tions. During the phase of declining demand caused by COVID-19, we began adjusting the number of flights in March, while striving to
ANA Domestic Passenger Business Results
 (Fiscal Year)
ASK (Millions)
RPK (Millions)
Number of passengers (Thousands) Load factor (%)
Passenger revenues (¥ Billions) Unit revenues (¥)
Yield (¥)
Unit price (¥)
* Difference
2019
2018
58,475 40,704 44,325
69.6 696.6 11.9 17.1 15,716
YoY (%)
+0.1 –3.0 –3.2 –2.1* –2.4 –2.5
+0.6 +0.8
 58,552
39,502
42,916
67.5
679.9
11.6
17.2
15,844
       102
103
(¥ Billions)
800   120
600   110
400   100
200   90
00 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
(Left) Passenger Revenues (Right) ASK RPK Yield
* Figures for ASK, RPK, and Yield are indexed using the figures for fiscal 2015 as 100.

 Financial / Data Section
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 ANA Cargo and Mail Business
The ANA Cargo and Mail Business recorded fiscal 2019 operating revenues of ¥136.1 billion, a year-on-year decrease of 15.3%.
The International Cargo Business recorded operating revenues of ¥102.6 billion, down 17.9% compared to the previous fiscal year. Cargo volume decreased 5.2% to 860,000 tons. This was the result of consistently low cargo demand for to and from Japan stemming from the global economic slowdown caused by U.S.–China trade frictions. The significant reduction of flights due to the spread of COVID-19 in February and thereafter also had a negative effect on performance. Available ton-kilometers (ATK) rose 3.2% while revenue ton-kilometers (RTK) decreased 2.2%. We introduced the Boeing 777F wide-body cargo freighter to our route network on the Narita–Shanghai (Pudong) route in July and on the Narita–Chicago route in October. We also captured demand for oversize special cargo, such as semiconductor
manufacturing equipment, which enjoys steady demand. Our efforts in the fourth quarter to respond to emergency supply transportation due to the outbreak of COVID-19 also made a positive contribution.
Domestic Cargo Business operating revenues decreased 7.0% to ¥25.5 billion, reflecting a 5.2% decline in cargo volume to 370,000 tons. While we endeavored to grow revenues through non-scheduled extra cargo flights on the Okinawa–Haneda route during peak demand for flowers, air cargo demand overall was weak throughout the year. At the same time, the spread of COVID-19 caused flight suspensions and reductions.
International Mail Business operating revenues decreased 6.6% to ¥4.7 billion, while Domestic Mail Business operating revenues were 2.9% lower at ¥3.1 billion.
International Cargo Business Results
Others
Other operating revenues in the Air Transportation Business amounted to ¥225.7 billion, a 6.6% increase year on year. Results include incidental revenues from mileage memberships, in-flight sales, contracted maintenance, etc.
Operating Expenses
Air Transportation Business operating expenses increased ¥34.3 billion (2.1%) year on year to ¥1,688.1 billion. Specific expense amounts and reasons for year-on-year changes are described below.
<Landing and Navigation Fees>
Landing and navigation fees amounted to ¥120.1 billion, down ¥1.4 billion (1.2%) year on year. Passenger aircraft flights (excluding Peach Aviation and Vanilla Air flights) on ANA domestic operations increased 0.7%, while ANA international flights decreased 1.7% and freighter flights decreased 13.3%. These results were partly due to impact from suspended and reduced flights as a result of the spread of COVID-19.
<Aircraft Leasing Fees>
Aircraft leasing fees increased ¥7.1 billion (5.8%) year on year to ¥130.6 billion due to factors such as greater use of airline charters in the International Cargo Business.
<Depreciation and Amortization>
Depreciation and amortization expenses increased ¥15.3 billion (10.0%) to ¥168.2 billion. This increase was mainly due to introducing Boeing 777F and Airbus A380 aircraft in service during this fiscal year as we continue to update the ANA-owned fleet.
<Aircraft Maintenance>
Aircraft maintenance expenses increased ¥20.2 billion (12.9%) year on year to ¥177.3 billion. This increase was due to several factors, including increased maintenance frequency caused by Rolls-Royce engine inspection and maintenance.
<Personnel>
Personnel expenses decreased ¥6.1 billion (3.0%) year on year to ¥201.6 billion. This decrease reflected the impact of decreases in performance-linked lump-sum payments.
<Sales Commissions and Promotion>
Sales commissions and promotion expenses decreased ¥2.6 billion (2.4%) year on year to ¥105.1 billion. This decrease was mainly due to the decrease in passenger demand as a result of the spread of COVID-19.
<Contracts>
Contract expenses increased ¥16.9 billion (7.1%) year on year to ¥256.6 billion. This increase was mainly due to increases in out- sourced operations associated with advance preparations for slot expansions at Tokyo metropolitan area airports in 2020.
<Others>
Other expenses increased ¥3.9 billion (1.9%) year on year to ¥213.8 billion. This result was mainly due to increased expenses related to in-flight services.
  Breakdown of Operating Revenues and Expenses
2019 2018 ¥1,814,417 Passenger 651,587 Cargo 125,015 Mail 5,100 Passenger 696,617 Cargo 27,454 Mail 3,230 LCC revenues 93,611 Other revenues 211,803 Segment operating expenses 1,653,861 333,709 121,606 123,419 152,948 157,058 207,801 107,810 239,630 209,880 160,556
(¥ Millions)
Change
(76,680) (37,679) (22,318)
(336) (16,655) (1,921) (94) (11,658)
13,981
34,326 (19,223) (1,433)
7,195 15,348 20,272
(6,150) (2,618) 16,988 3,947
¥(111,006)
(Fiscal Year)
Segment operating revenues
¥
 ¥1,737,737
613,908
102,697
4,764
679,962
25,533
3,136
81,953
225,784
1,688,187
314,486
120,173
130,614
168,296
177,330
201,651
105,192
256,618
213,827
¥ 49,550
ANA Cargo and Mail Business Results
International
Domestic
(Fiscal Year)
Cargo and mail services revenues (¥ Billions) International ATK (Millions)
cargo RTK (Millions)
Cargo volume (Thousand tons) Cargo revenues (¥ Billions) Unit price (¥/kg)
Mail revenues (¥ Billions)
Domestic ATK (Millions) cargo RTK (Millions)
Cargo volume (Thousand tons) Cargo revenues (¥ Billions) Unit price (¥/kg)
Mail revenues (¥ Billions)
LCC Business Results
2019
2018 YoY (%)
160.7 –15.3 7,122 +3.2 4,318 –2.2
913 –5.2 125.0 –17.9 137 –13.4 5.1 –6.6 1,720 –0.9 408 –5.2 393 –5.2 27.4 –7.0 70 –1.9 3.2 –2.9
 (¥ Billions) 1,61050
1,200
100
800
50
400 0
(Left) (Right)
20153
20146
20157
20168
20197
12500 150
100
100
50
50 0
(FY)
 136.1
7,354
4,222
866
102.6
118
4.7
1,705
387
373
25.5
68
3.1
          The LCC Business recorded ¥81.9 billion in operating revenues, a 12.5% decrease year on year. This result was mainly due to a 10.6% decrease in passenger numbers to 7.28 million and a 2.1% decrease in unit price to ¥11,244. ASK and RPK declined 8.1% and 11.5%, respectively. Load factor was 83.1%, which was a decrease of 3.2 points compared to the previous fiscal year.
Performance was inhibited by the impact of geopolitical risks in Hong Kong and South Korea, as well as a significant decline in demand due to the spread of COVID-19 toward the end of the fiscal year. Operations of Vanilla Air were terminated in October of this fiscal year, and we successfully completed the merger with Peach Aviation.
In the route network, in addition to transferring 10 routes to Peach Aviation, we launched the Narita-Kagoshima and Narita-Nagasaki routes in March 2020. However, due to impact from the spread of COVID-19, we suspended and reduced flights on 23 routes begin- ning in February, which affected a total of 2,088 international and domestic flights.
<Fuel and Fuel Tax>
18/4
Fuel and fuel tax
Landing and navigation fees Aircraft leasing fees
Depreciation and amortization Aircraft maintenance
Personnel
Sales commissions and promotion Contracts
Others
International Cargo Revenues
ATK RTK Unit Price
* Figures for ATK, RTK, and Yield are indexed using the figures for fiscal 2015 as 100.
To promote sales, we conducted Flying Train Peach Sale on all 40 routes to celebrate the merger of the two LCCs.
Segment operating income ¥
 LCC Business Performance
(Peach Aviation Limited, Vanilla Air Inc.)
Fuel and aircraft fuel tax expenses amounted to ¥314.4 billion, a ¥19.2 billion (5.8%) decrease year on year. This expense accounted for 18.6% of Air Transportation Business operating expenses, com- pared with 20.2% in the previous fiscal year. This ¥19.2 billion decrease was mainly due to decreases in ANA price factors (includ- ing hedging effectiveness) of approximately ¥19.0 billion, an increase in ANA consumption volume factors of approximately ¥3 billion, and a decrease in LCC Business of approximately ¥3 billion.
Fuel consumption volume increased due to the expansion of capacity in international services. The ANA Group is working to control fuel consumption volume by introducing fuel-efficient aircraft and other measures, including the adoption of efficient flight opera- tions. During fiscal 2019, we engaged in the same measures of fuel tax reduction as we followed in the previous fiscal year.
(Fiscal Year)
ASK (Millions)
RPK (Millions)
Number of passengers (Thousands) Load factor (%)
Passenger revenues (¥ Billions)*2 Unit revenues (¥)
Yield (¥)
Unit price (¥)
*1 Difference
*2 Operating revenues include incidental revenues.
2019
2018
12,052 10,394 8,153 86.2 93.6 7.8 9.0 11,482
YoY (%)
–8.1 –11.5 –10.6
–3.2*1 –12.5
–4.7 –1.1 –2.1
 11,076
9,202
7,288
83.1
81.9
7.4
8.9
11,244
104
105

 Financial / Data Section
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Airline Related Business
Fiscal 2019 segment operating revenues increased ¥8.3 billion (2.9%) year on year to ¥299.4 billion. Operating income increased ¥4.9 billion (37.7%) to ¥18.1 billion. These increases were mainly due to increased contracts for airport ground support work (check-in procedures, baggage handling, etc.) at Kansai International Airport and Chubu International Airport. We also added MRO Japan Co., Ltd. as a newly consolidated subsidiary this year. MRO Japan has launched full-scale business development in Okinawa.
Trade and Retail
Fiscal 2019 operating revenues in our Trade and Retail business decreased ¥5.9 billion (3.9%) year on year to ¥144.7 billion. Operating income decreased ¥0.7 billion (21.5%) to ¥2.9 billion.
Transaction volume for aircraft parts and other items rose, while sales decreased for nuts and other items in our food business. Retail business transaction volume decreased year on year at our airport ANA DUTY FREE SHOP retail locations and ANA FESTA airport shops, which also contributed to lower performance.
Non-Operating Income / Expenses
Net non-operating expenses amounted to ¥9.3 billion for fiscal 2019. This result was due to impairment loss on goodwill related to Peach Aviation Limited, which was offset in part by posting compensation related to delays of aircraft delivery and engine malfunctions.
Cash Flows
Fundamental Approach
The ANA Group’s fundamental approach to cash management is to conduct continuous investments strategically to strengthen competi- tiveness over the medium and long term, while maintaining financial soundness.
Capital expenditures are ordinarily kept within the scope of cash flows from operating activities, including repayment of lease obliga- tions, to generate free cash flow, which enables us to maintain a balance between total interest-bearing debt and shareholders’ equity.
The Group’s primary means of raising funds are borrowings from banks and bond issuances. The Group has also concluded commit- ment lines totaling ¥153.6 billion (as of March 31, 2020) with major domestic financial institutions to ensure reliable access to working capital in case of emergency. Commitment lines were unused as of the end of fiscal 2019.
The Group has access to the Japan Bank for International Cooperation (JBIC)’s guarantee system for investments in aircraft, our primary assets.
Overview of Fiscal 2019
Free cash flow resulted in expenditures of ¥100.0 billion (sum of cash flows from operating activities and investing activities). Net cash provided by financing activities totaled ¥23.8 billion. As a result, cash and cash equivalents decreased ¥75.9 billion from the beginning of the fiscal year, amounting to ¥135.9 billion at the end of the fiscal year.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
After adjusting the ¥51.5 billion in income before income taxes for depreciation and amortization and other non-cash items, net cash provided by operating activities amounted to ¥130.1 billion, ¥165.9 billion lower year on year.
 Non-Operating Income / Expenses
(Fiscal Year) 2019 Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Foreign exchange gain
Foreign exchange loss
Gain on sales of assets
Loss on sales / disposal of assets
Impairment loss
Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates
Gain on sales of investment securities
Valuation loss on investments in securities
Compensation payments received
Litigation settlement fees related to anti-trust law claims
Loss on sales of shares of subsidiaries and affiliates
Gain on donation of non-current assets
Other, net
Total ¥(10,996)
Net Income Attributable to Owners of the Parent
(¥ Millions)
Change
2018
2,926 (6,995)
— (1,761)
2,554 (11,758) (1,997)
1,559 — — 6,810
(6,423)
(343)
 ¥ 3,031
(6,291)
473
—
6,746
(7,435)
(25,159)
1,210
1,122
(853)
17,897
—
(7)
3,553
(3,592)
¥ (9,305)
Performance in the Airline Related Segment
Performance in the Trade and Retail Segment
(Fiscal Year)
Segment operating revenues Segment operating expenses Segmentoperatingincome
Travel Services
2019
¥299,433 281,289 ¥ 18,144
2018
¥291,051 277,873 ¥ 13,178
(¥ Millions)
Change
¥8,382 3,416 ¥4,966
(Fiscal Year)
Segment operating revenues Segment operating expenses Segment operating income
Others
2019 2018 ¥144,750 ¥150,679 141,841 146,973 ¥ 2,909 ¥ 3,706
(¥ Millions)
Change
¥(5,929) (5,132) ¥ (797)
¥
¥
105 704 473
1,761 4,192 4,323
(23,162) (349)
1,122 (853)
11,087 6,423
336
1,041 (5,512)
      Fiscal 2019 segment operating revenues amounted to ¥143.9 billion, a ¥6.7 billion (4.5%) decrease year on year. Operating income increased ¥0.7 billion (129.9%) to ¥1.3 billion. Performance trended upward through the third quarter due to success in attracting custom- ers for products sold on the internet (both for domestic and overseas travel). We were also successful in capturing demand for travel during the ten-day Golden Week holidays. However, the impact of COVID-19 beginning at the end of January resulted in operating revenues that underperformed the previous fiscal year.
Meanwhile, operating income rose year on year, mainly due to a decrease in system expenses.
Fiscal 2019 operating revenues in the Others segment increased ¥3.2 billion (8.0%) year on year to ¥44.2 billion. Meanwhile, operating income increased ¥1.2 billion (55.0%) to ¥3.5 billion. Subleasing transaction volume grew and we sold properties in our real estate- related business, while construction and facility management-related business revenues stemming from facility renovations at Haneda Airport terminals and construction-related revenues grew.
Performance in the Others Segment
2,512
(Fiscal Year)
Segment operating revenues Segment operating expenses Segment operating income
2019
¥44,223 40,697
2018
¥40,958 38,683
¥ 1,691
(¥ Millions)
Change
¥3,265 2,014 ¥1,251
1,920
 Performance in the Travel Services Segment
¥
3,526
¥
2,275
  (Fiscal Year)
Segment operating revenues
Domestic package products International package products Other revenues
Segment operating expenses Segment operating income
2019
2018
¥150,746 119,362 20,979 10,405 150,140 ¥ 606
(¥ Millions)
Change
¥(6,750) (6,651) (54) (45) (7,537)
¥ 787
The preceding factors combined to decrease income before income taxes by ¥102.5 billion (66.6%) year on year to ¥51.5 billion. After income taxes, municipal taxes, business taxes, and other adjust- ments, net income attributable to owners of the parent decreased ¥83.1 billion (75.0%) to ¥27.6 billion. Earnings per share were ¥82.66 compared with ¥331.04 for the previous fiscal year.
Comprehensive income decreased ¥156.3 billion to a loss of ¥14.7 billion, mainly due to the decrease in net income attributable to owners of the parent.
 ¥143,996
112,711
20,925
10,360
142,603
¥ 1,393
Interest Coverage Ratio*
(Fiscal Year)
Interest coverage ratio 20.4
(Times)
2019 2018 41.3
  106
107
* Interest coverage ratio = Cash flows from operating activities / Interest expenses

 Financial / Data Section
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities totaled ¥230.2 billion, ¥78.4 billion lower year on year. This result was mainly due to payments for purchases of property and equipment related to payments upon delivery of aircraft, purchases of spare parts, and advance payments for aircraft to be put into service in the future. Payments were also made for intangible assets, including investments in software. Net cash used in investing activities amounted to ¥209.3 billion when excluding cash movements that resulted in net outlays of ¥20.9 billion related to the acquisition and sale of time deposits and negotiable deposits of more than three months.
Free Cash Flow
As mentioned above, net cash provided by operating activities totaled ¥130.1 billion. Since net cash used in investing activities
was ¥230.2 billion, free cash flow for fiscal 2019 amounted to a net expenditure of ¥100.0 billion, an increase of ¥87.5 billion compared to the previous fiscal year. Substantial free cash flow decreased ¥61.1 billion year on year to an outlay of ¥79.1 billion when excluding cash movements associated with the acquisition and sale of time deposits and negotiable deposits of more than three months.
Capital Expenditures and Aircraft Procurement
Capital Expenditures
ANA Group capital expenditures are based on an approach of selection and concentration. We invest to strengthen safety, increase our competitiveness, and improve profitability. These expenditures primarily reflect aircraft-related investments, including the acquisition of aircraft, spare parts, and prepayment for aircraft, as well as information systems expenditures. As a result, capital expenditures for fiscal 2019 amounted to ¥351.3 billion, a decrease of 6.5% compared to the previous fiscal year.
By segment, Air Transportation Business capital expenditures decreased 7.4% year on year to ¥343.4 billion. Airline Related expen- ditures increased 237.3% to ¥6.2 billion, while Travel Services expen- ditures increased 7.1% to ¥0.2 billion. Trade and Retail capital expenditures increased 94.6% to ¥2.2 billion, and Others decreased 47.6% to ¥0.1 billion.
Capital Expenditures* / Depreciation and Amortization
Aircraft Procured in Fiscal 2019
Based on our fleet strategy mentioned above, aircraft totaled 307 as of the end of fiscal 2019, an increase of 3 compared to the end of the previous fiscal year.
During the fiscal year, the ANA Group added 21 new aircraft. These additional aircraft consisted of one Airbus A380, six Boeing
Changes in the Number of Aircraft in Fiscal 2019
777-300s, two Boeing 777Fs, one Boeing 787-10, five Boeing 787-9s, two Airbus A320neos, and four Airbus A320-200s. Meanwhile, the Group sold or returned leased aircraft, consisting of five Boeing 767-300s, two Boeing 767-300Fs, seven Airbus A320-200s, and four Boeing 737-500s (18 aircraft total).
 The table below shows changes in the number of aircraft.
( ) changes
 Aircraft
Number of Aircraft as of March 31, 2020
Owned
Leased
 2
(+1)
2
(+1)
0
35
(+6)
26
9
(+6)
20
16
4
2
(+2)
2
(+2)
0
2
(+1)
2
(+1)
0
35
(+5)
29
(+3)
6
(+2)
36
31
5
24
(–5)
23
(+3)
1
(–8)
10
(–2)
7
(–2)
3
11
0
11
4
0
4
11
(+2)
11
(+2)
0
41
(–3)
0
(–5)
41
(+2)
39
(–1)
24
(–1)
15
8
(+1)
8
(+1)
0
3
(–4)
3
(–4)
0
24
24
0
307
(+3)
208
(+1)
99
(+2)
          Cash Flows from Financing Activities
Net cash provided by investing activities totaled ¥23.8 billion, up ¥70.3 billion year on year. This result was mainly due to dividend payments and loan repayments, offset in part by proceeds from issuance of bonds, etc.
Airbus A380
Boeing 777-300 Boeing 777-200 Boeing 777F (Freighter) Boeing 787-10
Boeing 787-9
Boeing 787-8
Boeing 767-300
Boeing 767-300F (Freighter) Airbus A321-200neo
Airbus A321-200
Airbus A320-200neo Airbus A320-200 Boeing 737-800
Boeing 737-700
Boeing 737-500 Bombardier DHC-8-400 Total
    81.
4
254.4
     138.8
140.3
150.4
159.5
  18/4
   2015
2016
Depreciation and Amortization
    108
109
(¥ Billions)
400 300 2 200 100
0
Capital Expenditures
375.8 304.7
2017 2018
351.3 175.7
2019 (FY)
   * Capital expenditures contains only fixed assets.
Fundamental Approach to Aircraft Procurement
Aircraft are major investments used over the long term (10-plus years). Decisions regarding the selection of aircraft types suited to routes and networks and the pursuit of the best fleet composition are among the most important issues for airline management.
The ANA Group fleet strategy is based on three basic policies:
(1) Strengthening cost competitiveness by introducing fuel-efficient aircraft; (2) Optimizing supply to demand by increasing the ratios of narrow- and medium-body aircraft; and (3) Enhancing productivity by integrating aircraft types.
Fundamentally, the Group purchases and owns strategic aircraft we intend to use over the medium to long term. We employ operating leases to procure aircraft for use over the short term or for capacity adjustment. The Group may also utilize sale-leaseback transactions as a means to diversify corporate financing methods. In these and other ways, the Group selects the most economical aircraft procure- ment method.
Figures for Airbus A320-200s included 38 aircraft (all leased) operated by Peach Aviation Limited.
Separate from the figures above, as of March 31, 2020, 19 aircraft were leased outside the Group (19 as of March 31, 2019).
Aircraft Procurement Plan for Fiscal 2020
The ANA Group plans to add a total of 13 aircraft during fiscal 2020. Our plans call for purchasing one Airbus A380, five Boeing 787-9s, and seven Airbus A321neos. Meanwhile, the Group plans to retire
 nine aircraft, consisting of one Boeing 777-200, one Boeing 767-300, one Boeing 767-300F, three Boeing 737-700s, and three Boeing 737-500s.

 Financial / Data Section
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
    Financial Position
Assets
Total assets as of March 31, 2020 amounted to ¥2,560.1 billion, a decrease of ¥126.9 billion compared to March 31, 2019.
Total current assets amounted to ¥571.1 billion as of March 31, 2020, a decrease of ¥129.0 billion from one year earlier. Cash and deposits amounted to ¥109.4 billion, an increase of ¥41.1 billion compared to the end of the previous fiscal year. Marketable securities decreased ¥96.1 billion to ¥129.2 billion. As a result, liquidity on hand amounted to ¥238.6 billion, down ¥55.0 billion year on year.
Total non-current assets at the end of the fiscal year stood at ¥1,988.1 billion, up ¥1.7 billion from one year earlier. This increase was mainly due to an increase in aircraft and buildings and struc- tures, despite a decrease in intangible assets as a result of recording an impairment loss related to goodwill.
Liabilities
Total liabilities as of March 31, 2020 amounted to ¥1,491.2 billion, a decrease of ¥86.5 billion compared to the end of the previous fiscal year.
Current liabilities totaled ¥530.5 billion at the end of the fiscal year, a decrease of ¥155.3 billion. This result was primarily due to a decrease in advance ticket sales.
Long-term liabilities amounted to ¥960.7 billion as of March 31, 2020, an increase of ¥68.8 billion compared to the end of the previ- ous fiscal year.
Interest-bearing debt, including finance lease obligations, increased ¥54.2 billion year on year to ¥842.8 billion. This change was the result of the issuance of ¥70.0 billion in bonds and borrow- ings that exceeded amounts in the previous fiscal year. These increases were offset in part by loan repayments. Debt/equity ratio amounted to 0.8 times, an increase of 0.1 point compared with the end of the previous fiscal year.
Interest-Bearing Debt / Debt/Equity Ratio*
Interest-Bearing Debt
Short-term loans
Current portion of long-term loans Current portion of bonds
Finance lease obligations
2019
2018
(¥ Millions)
Change
¥ (4,680) 93
6,174 (10,000) (947)
¥ 58,893 50,000
—
10,070 (1,177)
¥ 54,213
Retirement Benefit Obligations
The ANA Group’s defined benefit plans consist of defined benefit corporate pension plans and lump-sum retirement benefit plans. In addition, the Group has adopted a defined contribution pension plan. Certain employees are entitled to additional benefits upon retirement.
Certain consolidated subsidiaries adopting defined-benefit corporate pension plans and lump-sum retirement benefit plans use a simplified method for calculating retirement benefit expenses and liabilities.
Allocation of Profits
Basic Policy on Allocation of Profits
Shareholder returns are an important management priority for the Group.
The Group strives to bolster shareholder returns while maintaining financial soundness. This goal will be accomplished as we secure the funds needed to conduct growth investments (aircraft, etc.) to support future business development. We examine the possibility of further shareholder returns through dividend increases and share buybacks on an ongoing basis, while considering the appropriate level for free cash flow.
Dividends for Fiscal 2019
The impact of COVID-19 on Group performance has been significant. At present, we cannot forecast when the pandemic will slow. Given such unprecedented and severe economic conditions, securing liquidity on hand has become an urgent issue. Therefore, we deeply regret to announce that we will not be providing dividends for this fiscal year.
(End of Fiscal Year) Short-term debt:
 ¥108,307
429
84,057
20,000
3,821
¥734,555
165,000
140,000
416,900
12,655
¥842,862
¥112,987 336 77,883 30,000 4,768 ¥675,662 Bonds 115,000
Long-term debt*:
Convertible bonds with stock acquisition rights
Long-term loans
Finance lease obligations Total interest-bearing debt
140,000
406,830 13,832 ¥788,649
Retirement Benefit Obligation and Related Expenses
Net assets as of March 31, 2020 amounted to ¥1,068.8 billion, a decrease of ¥40.4 billion compared to the end of the previous fiscal year.
As a result of recording net income attributable to owners of the parents, shareholders’ equity amounted to ¥1,068.6 billion, ¥2.0 billion higher year on year.
Total accumulated other comprehensive loss amounted to ¥7.6 billion, a decrease of ¥40.4 billion compared with the end of the previous fiscal year. This result was mainly due to decreases in unrealized gains on securities and deferred loss on derivatives under hedge accounting.
As a result, total shareholders’ equity decreased ¥38.3 billion compared with the previous fiscal year-end, standing at ¥1,061.0 billion. Shareholders’ equity ratio increased 0.5 point to 41.4%.
Book value per share (BPS) at the end of the fiscal year was ¥3,171.80, compared to ¥3,285.46 as of the end of the previous fiscal year.
Bond Ratings
The Company has obtained credit ratings on its various long-term bonds from the Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. (JCR) and Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I).
Fuel and Exchange Rate Hedging
(Fiscal Year / End of Fiscal Year) Retirement benefit obligation
Plan assets at fair value
Unfunded retirement benefit obligation Liability for retirement benefits
Asset for retirement benefits
Net liability arising from defined benefit obligation in the consolidated balance sheet
Net periodic benefit costs
Main basis for actuarial calculations
Discount rates
Expected rates of return on plan assets Contribution to defined contribution pension plans
2019
(¥ Millions)
2018
¥(223,723) 65,990
(157,733) (158,209)
476 (157,733)
15,474
0.1–1.2%
1.0–2.5% ¥ 4,423
 ¥(225,286)
62,717
(162,569)
(163,384)
815
(162,569)
15,537
0.1–1.2%
1.0–2.5%
¥ 4,381
* Excluding current portion of long-term loans and current portion of bonds
Net Assets
   18/4
Bond Ratings
Issuer rating
Outlook
(¥ Billions)
1,000 750 500 250
798.3
788.6
842.8
(Times)
1.2 1.0 0.8 0.6
  703.8
729.8
     0.9
0.8
0.8
 Bond ratings as of March 31, 2020 were as follows:
The ANA Group pursues and conducts optimal hedge transactions that reduce the impact of volatility in fuel prices and foreign exchange rates to control the risk of fluctuations in earnings. The objective of this hedging is to both stabilize profitability and equalize expenses
in response to rising fuel surcharges and foreign currency revenues associated with growth in ANA international business.
The Group conducts fuel hedging (for ANA brands) three years in advance of the applicable period after considering fuel surcharge revenues.
The Group hedges (for ANA HOLDINGS and ANA brands) U.S. dollar payments for fuel expenses three years in advance and U.S. dollar payments associated with capital expenditures for aircraft and other items five years in advance of the payment periods. Based on a balance of foreign currency revenues, revenues linked to foreign exchange market fluctuations, and foreign currency expenses with respect to U.S. dollar payments, the Group uses forward exchange agreements to hedge any portion of foreign currency expenses in excess of foreign currency revenues.
 00 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FYE)
(Left) Interest-Bearing Debt (Right) Debt/Equity Ratio
0.7
0.8
JCR
A
Stable
R&I
A–
Stable
    110
111
* Excluding off-balanced lease obligations

 112
113
Financial / Data Section
Operating Risks
The following describes major risks related to business and accounting conditions, etc., recognized by management as having a potentially material impact on the consolidated Group financial condition, earnings, and cash flows.
Further, the forward-looking statements that follow are based on Group judgments as of March 31, 2020.
The following describes matters in addition to the risks noted above that could have a material impact on investor decisions.
(1) Important Factors
The ANA Group has experienced a significant impact due to the spread of COVID-19. We expect that future business conditions will continue to be extremely challenging.
Given these unprecedented circumstances, we have limited the scale of Air Transportation Business operations and reduced fuel expenses and other operations-related costs. We have reduced personnel expenses by cutting officer remuneration and manage- ment salaries, as well as by adopting a temporary leave program. In addition, the Group is reviewing and controlling capital expendi- ture in aircraft and other areas, while also revising the timing of investments. Over the three months between April and June of this year, we borrowed total of ¥535 billion from private financial institu- tions and the Development Bank of Japan. Further, we expanded our existing commitment line of ¥150 billion by another ¥350 billion. In the future, we will raise more funds as necessary to secure liquidity on hand for every Group company. Accordingly, it is our judgment that there are no material uncertainties regarding the going concern assumption for the ANA Group.
(2) Risks Related to the International Situation
The Group currently operates international routes, primarily to North America, Europe, China, and other parts of Asia. Going forward, incidents including political instability, international conflicts, large- scale terrorist attacks, or deterioration in diplomatic relations with countries where the Group operates and has offices and other bases could affect the Group’s performance due to the accompa- nying decrease in demand for travel on these international routes.
(3) Risks Related to Statutory Regulations
As an airline operator, the Group undertakes operations based on the stipulations of statutory regulations relating to airline operations. The Group is required to conduct passenger and cargo operations on international routes in accordance with the stipulations of international agreements, including treaties, bilateral agreements, and the decisions of the International Air Transport Association (IATA) and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). The Group’s fares, airspace, operating schedule, and safety manage- ment are subject to a variety of constraints due to these regulations. Further, the Group’s operations are constrained by the Japanese Antitrust Law and similar laws and regulations in other countries with regard to the pricing of fares and charges.
(4) Risks Related to Environmental Regulations
In recent years, numerous Japanese and overseas statutory environmental protection regulations have been introduced or strengthened with regard to such issues as noise, aircraft emissions of CO2 and other greenhouse gases, use of environmentally pollut- ing substances and their disposal, and energy use at major offices. The ANA Group incurs significant costs to comply with these laws and regulations. In addition to the emissions trading and reduction schemes to be adopted in 2021 related to controlling greenhouse gases generated by international aviation, if a globally shared environmental tax is adopted, business activities could be restricted or significant additional costs may be incurred.
(5) Risks Related to the Business Environment of the Airline Industry
There could be material changes in the current competitive and business environment within Japan, such as changes in aviation policy or regional policy, as well as changes in the standing of competitors due to mergers or capital tie-ups stemming from bankruptcies and other factors. These changes could affect the Group’s performance.
1. Risks Related to Airport Slots
Differences in the number of slots allocated at congested Tokyo metropolitan area airports (Haneda, Narita) or the timing of alloca- tions from ANA Group projections could affect the achievement of the targets of the Group corporate strategy.
2. Risks Related to Public-Sector Fees
Public-sector fees include jet fuel taxes, landing fees, and air navigation service charges. The Japanese government is currently implementing temporary measures to reduce jet fuel taxes and landing fees but could scale back or terminate these measures
in the future, which could affect the Group’s performance.
(6) Risk of Economic Recession
The airline industry is susceptible to the effects of economic trends, and if the domestic or global economy is sluggish, this may cause a decline of demand for air travel due to deterioration in personal consumption and corporate earnings. International operations (passenger and cargo) depend on overseas markets, especially China, other parts of Asia, and North America, and economic conditions in these regions could lead to a decline in the passenger and cargo volume or a fall in the unit price.
   Category
Risk Factors
Description
Response Measures
 International Situation
 • Decline in demand for international routes to North America, Europe, China, and Asia due to political instability, international conflicts, large-scale terrorist attacks, deterioration in diplomatic relations, etc.
 • Scale back operations in a flexible manner in response to sharp decline in demand
• Build a business portfolio that does not depend excessively on international business
• Conduct ongoing cost structure reform to reduce costs and add liquidity to fixed costs
• Ensure liquidity on hand
 Economic Recession
  • Decline in demand for air transportation due to economic stagnation in Japan and overseas
   Government
Air Transportation Policies
  • Slots at congested airports in the Tokyo metropolitan area (Haneda, Narita) allocated to the advantage of other carriers
• Contraction or elimination of reduction measures related to jet fuel taxes, landing fees, and air navigation service charges
  • Consult with the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT) and make requests on an equal footing with overseas airlines
   Fluctuations in Crude Oil Prices and Exchange Rates
  • Quick, sharp rises in crude oil prices outpacing hedges, other self-directed efforts to compensate, and ability to pass on costs in airfares
• Sharp declines in the yen in foreign exchange markets driving aircraft and fuel procurement costs outpacing self-directed efforts to compensate
 • Systematic and continuous hedging transactions of crude oil commodity derivatives
• Use foreign currency generated for foreign currency expenditures to the extent possible
• Use forward exchange agreements and currency options for a portion of foreign currencies
   Infectious Diseases and Disasters
 • Outbreak of serious infectious disease resulting in sharply lower air transportation demand due to decreased demand in areas affected and voluntary restraints on domestic and international travel
• Significant reduction in air transportation demand stemming from disasters or events that restrict airport operations or flight paths for an extended time; disaster- related damage to ANA Group facilities affecting flights
• Scale back operations in a flexible manner in response to sharp decline in demand
• Conduct ongoing cost structure reform to reduce costs and add liquidity to fixed costs
• Ensure liquidity on hand
• Implement measures for facilities and equipment to prevent
loss of airport administrative functions
• Coordinate with airport operating companies to strengthen
overall airport disaster-response measures based on the fiscal 2019 Guidelines (A2-BCP) of the MLIT
   Corporate Strategy (Business Structure)
   • Obsolescence of current business models due to intensified competition or changes in consumer behavior
• Dependence on revenues and profits from specific businesses
  • Review business models and cost structures focused on the Air Transportation Business in anticipation of future demand trends and changes in consumer behavior
• Differentiation strategy to build a business portfolio and secure competitive advantage in each business
   Aviation Safety
(Aircraft Accidents, etc.)
 • Aircraft accidents causing loss of customer confidence and public reputation having a significant impact on Group management
• Build and implement organizational measures, including safety risk management systems, safety audits by specialty organizations, and collecting and disseminating the latest information related to safety internally
• Conduct ongoing training and education, including training for Group employees engaged directly in flight operations, hands-on training for all Group employees, etc.
• Leverage air transportation insurance to cover damage reparations, and restoration / replacements of operating equipment
   IT Systems and Information Leakage
  • Significant impact of systems failures or cyber terrorism on operations maintenance and services due to high degree of dependence on systems
• Leakage of personal information that leads to payment of significant sanctions based on violations of the law, as well as decline in customer base due to loss of trust
 • 24/7/365 monitoring of defense in depth (access restric- tions, antivirus measures) and other defense measures
• Implementation of systems and operational measures to
prevent information leakage
• Implementation of security literacy education for
employees
 Profit Structure
  • Major impact of significant demand decreases on profits due to inflexible fixed and operating costs
• Particularly large impact on revenues if summer demand declines significantly
  • Optimize supply to demand by placing appropriate aircraft into service depending on demand and reservation trends
• Conduct ongoing cost structure reform to reduce costs and add liquidity to fixed costs
   Finances
  • Deterioration in the profitability of each segment or a decision to sell assets forcing the Group to recognize asset impairment losses or loss on sales of property and equipment
• Write-downs of deferred income taxes due to declining business profits that result in lower future taxable income than estimates used in current tax planning
 • Plan and execute ANA Group Corporate Strategy and profit plans
• Monitor the progress of profit plans
  External Environment
International Environment

 Financial / Data Section
Operating Risks
(7) Risks Related to Crude Oil Price Fluctuations
Jet fuel is a crude oil derivative and its price tracks the price of crude oil. Variance that exceeds the Group estimates for factors that affect the price of crude oil, including political instability in the oil-producing nations of the Middle East, the shale oil production structure in the U.S., increased demand for crude oil due to rapid economic growth in emerging countries, reductions in oil stockpiles or reserves, speculative investment in crude oil, and natural disasters can affect the Group’s performance as follows.
1. Risk of Increase in Crude Oil Prices
Generally, an increase in the price of crude oil causes an increase in the price of jet fuel, which imposes substantial additional costs on the Group. Accordingly, to mitigate the risk of fluctuations in
the price of jet fuel and to stabilize operating income, the Group hedges risks using crude oil and jet fuel commodity derivatives in planned, continuous hedging transactions for specific periods of time. In the event that crude oil prices rise over a short period, there are limitations to the Group’s ability to offset increases in crude oil prices through ongoing cost reductions as well as raising fares and charges. For these reasons, the Group may be unable to avoid the influence of a sharp increase in crude oil prices completely, depending on factors such as hedging positions.
2. Risk of Sudden Decrease in Crude Oil Prices
The Group conducts hedge transactions against changes in the price of crude oil to mitigate risk. Therefore, a sudden decrease
in oil prices may not directly contribute to earnings because, in addition to decreases in or expiration of fuel surcharges, hedge positions and other market conditions may preclude the immediate reflection of a sudden drop in fuel expenses in results.
(8) Risks Related to Foreign Exchange Rate Fluctuations
The Group’s expenditures in foreign currencies are greater than its revenues in foreign currencies. Therefore, depreciation of the yen affects the Group’s profits. Accordingly, to the greatest extent possible, foreign currency taken in as revenue is used to pay expenses denominated in the same foreign currency to minimize the impact on operating income from the risk of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. In addition, the Group uses forward exchange agreements and currency options for a portion of the foreign currency needed for purchases of aircraft and jet fuel to stabilize and limit payment amounts on a yen conversion basis. However, there are limits to the extent to which the Group can reduce and offset costs by adjusting fares and charges should costs increase due to the rapid depreciation of the yen in the foreign exchange market over a short period of time. Accordingly, such an occurrence could, depending on hedge positions and other factors, affect the Group’s profit and expenditures. Conversely, if the yen should appreciate rapidly in the foreign exchange market over a short period of time, depending upon hedge positions and other factors, this may preclude immediate reflection in lower fuel expenses and impact the Group’s ability to enjoy the benefits of the appreciation of the yen.
(9) Risks Related to Competition
The possibility of future increases in costs related to the Group’s operations due to such factors as jet fuel expenses, financing cost, and responses to environmental regulations cannot be ruled out.
If such costs increase, in order to secure income, it will be neces- sary for the Group to cut costs through such means as reducing indirect fixed costs, and to pass on costs through higher fares and charges. However, because the Group is in competition with other airlines and LCCs in Japan and overseas as well as with alternative modes of transportation, such as the Shinkansen, on certain routes, passing on costs could diminish competitiveness. Further, price competition with competitors greatly restricts the passing on of costs that could affect the Group’s performance.
(10) Risks Related to the Outbreak and Spread of New Infectious Diseases
All Group businesses, including but not limited to international routes, are exposed to the risk of a decline in demand due to the outbreak and spread of new infectious diseases. The spread of disease and the harm it may cause, including reduced desire to travel by air among customers due to rumors, as well as restrictions on entry and exit from countries and voluntary restraints on movement within Japan, such as during the global spread of COVID-19, could affect Group’s performance by causing the number of passengers on the Group’s domestic and international routes to drop sharply.
Further, more employees and contractors than expected could fall ill due to the spread of new and highly contagious
infectious diseases, or due to increased virulence caused by changes in disease profile, which could affect the continuity of Group’s business.
(11) Risks Related to Disasters
The extended closure or operational restriction of airports or flight path restrictions due to disasters including an earthquake, a tsunami, a flood, a typhoon, heavy snow, a volcanic eruption, an infectious disease, a strike, or a riot could impact flight operations using affected airports and routes or result in significantly reduced demand for air transportation, which could affect the Group’s performance.
In particular, the Group’s data center is located in the Tokyo metropolitan area, while the operational control for all of the Group’s domestic and international flights is conducted at Haneda Airport and most of the Group’s passengers use Tokyo metropolitan area airports. As a result, a major disaster, such as an earthquake or a typhoon; a disaster at the abovementioned facilities, such as a fire; or a strike that closes the airports or limits their access could lead to a long-term shutdown of the Group’s information systems, operational control functions, or its operations themselves that could significantly affect the Group’s performance.
(12) Risks Related to the Group’s Management Strategy
1. Risks Related to the Group’s Fleet Strategy
In the Air Transportation Business, the Group is pursuing a fleet strategy centered on introducing highly economical aircraft, inte- grating aircraft types, and better optimizing supply to demand. This strategy involves ordering aircraft from The Boeing Company, Airbus S.A.S., Bombardier Inc., and Mitsubishi Aircraft Corporation. Delays in delivery from any of those four companies for financial or other reasons could create obstacles to Group operations.
In addition, elements of the fleet strategy could prove ineffective or their expected benefits could diminish significantly due to the factors given below.
1) Dependence on The Boeing Company
In accordance with the above fleet strategy, the Group has ordered a large number of aircraft from The Boeing Company (Boeing). Therefore, should financial or other issues render Boeing unable to fulfill its agreements with the Group or compa- nies such as those that maintain Boeing products, the Group would be unable to acquire or maintain aircraft in accordance with its fleet strategy. Such eventualities could affect the Group’s operations.
2) Delay of Aircraft Development Plans by Mitsubishi Aircraft Corporation
The Group has decided to introduce the Mitsubishi Space Jet (formerly MRJ) that Mitsubishi Aircraft Corporation is developing, with delivery scheduled after fiscal 2021. Further delivery delays could create obstacles to Group’s operations.
2. Risks to Business Structure
Our Air Transportation Business and Airline Related Business account for the majority of consolidated operating revenues. In addition, the Air Transportation Business is closely interconnected with our Travel Services and Trade and Retail businesses. In this way, the ANA Group business structure is heavily dependent on the Air Transportation Business. It may not be possible for other operat- ing segments to compensate for an event that affects the overall Air Transportation Business revenues, which could have a significant impact on Group performance.
3. Risks Related to Investments
The Group may enter new businesses and invest in or acquire other companies to further expand its business in growth areas. These investments and other initiatives may not produce the intended effects. Moreover, if the interests of equity investors do not align, the joint venture may not operate in the manner the Group considers appropriate. If joint venture operations deteriorate, the Group may be exposed to an economic burden. In addition, equity investors other than the Group may experience poor financial results or withdraw from the business. The Group may also expand into foreign countries, and enter into businesses with remote relation to the airline business. These initiatives may incur unforeseen detriments.
(13) Risks Related to Ineffective Strategic Alliances
The Group belongs to the Star Alliance. Based on Antitrust Immunity (ATI) approval, joint venture operations are introduced in collabora- tion with United Airlines in the network between Asia and the United States, and with Lufthansa and Lufthansa group companies, Swiss International Air Lines, Austrian Airlines, and Lufthansa Cargo AG.
in the network between Japan and Europe. The Group has also entered into individual agreements, mainly in Asia, that go beyond the frameworks of these alliances. However, the benefits of Star Alliance membership might diminish if the alliance is broken up by antitrust laws in various countries; an alliance partner withdraws from the Star Alliance or changes its business policies; another alliance group becomes more competitive; bilateral alliances between member companies end; an alliance partner performs poorly, restructures, or becomes less creditworthy; or restrictions on alliance activities are tightened due to external factors. Such eventualities could affect Group management.
 114
115

 Financial / Data Section
Operating Risks
(14) Risks Related to Air Safety
1. Aircraft Accidents
An aircraft accident involving a flight operated by the Group or a code-share partner could cause a drop in customer confidence and impair the Group’s public reputation, creating a medium- to long- term downturn in demand that could significantly affect the Group’s performance.
Major accidents suffered by other airlines could similarly lead to a reduction in aviation demand that could affect the Group’s performance. An aircraft accident would give rise to significant expenses including compensation for damages and the repair or replacement of aircraft, but aviation insurance would not cover all such direct expenses.
2. Violations of the Civil Aeronautics Act, etc.
ANA Group businesses are required to comply with the Civil Aeronautics Act and notifications from government agencies. Serious violations of the Civil Aeronautics Act could result in disad- vantageous treatment (administrative penalties, administrative guidance). In the past, the ANA Group has received a Business Improvement Order due to violations of warnings related to insuffi- cient maintenance and excessive consumption of alcohol among flight crew. In addition to the negative impact on confidence in ANA Group operational safety, this kind of disadvantageous treatment could lead to a suspension of operations or revocation of business licenses, depending on recurrence or the severity of the violation. Such disadvantageous treatment could have a serious impact on Group performance.
3. Technical Circular Directives
If an issue arises that significantly compromises the safety of an aircraft, MLIT by law issues a technical circular directive. In some cases, all aircraft of the same model might be grounded until the measures to improve the airworthiness of the aircraft and equip- ment have been implemented as directed.
Even when the law does not require a directive to be issued,
in some cases when safety cannot be confirmed from a technical perspective, operation of the same model might be voluntarily suspended and inspections and other maintenance activities may be performed. The occurrence of such a situation could affect the Group’s safety credibility or performance. In particular, the Group is moving forward with fleet consolidation to new aircraft models, such as the Boeing 787. An unanticipated design defect or technical issue with these new models, which serve as mainstay aircraft, could have a serious impact on Group performance.
(15) Risks Related to Unauthorized Disclosure of Customer Information and Other Data
The Group holds a large amount of information relating to custom- ers, such as that pertaining to the approximately 36.65 million members (as of the end of March 2020) of the ANA Mileage Club. The Personal Information Protection Law of Japan and similar laws in countries overseas require proper management of such personal information. The Group has established a privacy policy, apprised customers of the Group’s stance regarding the handling of personal information, and established measures to counter any foreseeable contingency to ensure information security, including in its IT systems. In addition, work procedures and information systems
are continuously monitored and revised to eliminate any potential security gaps. Despite these precautions, the occurrence of a major leak of personal information caused by unauthorized access, an error in conducting business, or some other factor could carry significant costs, in terms of both compensation and loss of
public confidence, which could affect the Group’s performance.
(16) Risks Related to IT Systems
The Group is highly dependent on information systems for such critical functions as customer service and operational management. A major disruption of one of those systems or of telecommunica- tions networks caused by natural disasters, accidents, computer viruses or unauthorized access, power supply constraints, large- scale power outages, or system failures or malfunctions would make it difficult to maintain customer service and operations and would result in a loss of public confidence, which could affect the Group’s performance. Further, the Group’s information systems are also used by its partner airlines so there is a possibility that the impact of systems failure would not be limited to the Group.
(17) Risks Related to Personnel and Labor
Many Group employees belong to labor unions. Events including a collective strike by Group employees could have an effect on the Group’s aircraft operation.
(18) Risk of Inability to Secure Required Personnel
The growth of our LCC Business and other factors have increased demand for flight crews and other personnel. A certain period of time is required to cultivate and train flight crews and other personnel. Inability to secure the required number of competent flight crews and other personnel in a timely manner could affect the Group’s performance. In addition, a change of the supply–demand balance, in labor markets could lead to personnel shortages in airport handling and other operations, as well as a sharp increase in wage levels.
(19) Risks Related to Profit Structure
Expenses that are largely unaffected by passenger load factors, including fixed costs such as aircraft expenses, along with fuel expenses and landing and navigation fees which are largely deter- mined by the type of aircraft, account for a significant proportion of the Group’s costs, which limits the Group’s ability to immediately change the scale of its operations in response to changes in economic conditions. Therefore, decreases in the number of passengers or volume of cargo could have a large impact on the Group’s revenue and expenses.
Moreover, a significant decrease in demand during the summer could affect the Group’s performance for that fiscal year, as passenger service sales typically increase during summer.
(20) Financial Risks
1. Increase in the Cost of Financing
The Group raises funds to acquire aircraft primarily through bank loans and bond issuances. However, the cost of financing could increase due to deteriorating conditions in the airline industry, turmoil in capital and financial markets, changes in the tax system or government interest policy, changes to the guarantee systems at governmental financial institutions, or a downgrade of the Company’s credit rating that makes it difficult or impossible to finance on terms advantageous to the Group. Such eventualities could affect the Group’s performance.
2. Risks Related to Asset Impairment or Other Issues
The Group owns extensive property and equipment as a function of its businesses. If the profitability of various operations deteriorates, or a decision is made to sell assets, the Group may be required to recognize asset impairment losses or loss on sales of property and equipment in the future.
3. Risks Related to Deferred Income Taxes
If declining business profits result in lower future taxable income than estimates used in current tax planning, the recoverable amount of deferred income taxes could decrease, leading to a write-down of deferred income taxes.
(21) Risks Related to Litigation
The Group could be subject to various lawsuits in connection with its business activities, which could affect the Group’s performance.
(22) Risk of Inability to Secure Aircraft Fuel
The Group sees the slot expansions at Tokyo metropolitan area airports as a major business opportunity. As we plan for business growth, aircraft fuel consumption volume is expected to increase.
If we are not able to secure appropriate volumes of aircraft fuel, this development could have an effect on Group aircraft operations.
 116
117

 Financial / Data Section
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheet
ANA HOLDINGS INC. and its consolidated subsidiaries As of March 31, 2020
ASSETS Current assets:
Cash and deposits (Notes 15 and 20)
Marketable securities (Notes 4 and 15)
Notes and accounts receivable (Note 15)
Accounts receivable from and advances to unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates Lease receivables (Note 7)
Inventories (Notes 5, 7 and 22) Prepaid expenses and other Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total current assets
Property and equipment:
Land (Note 7)
Buildings and structures (Note 7) Aircraft (Note 7)
Machinery and equipment Vehicles
Furniture and fixtures
Lease assets (Note 12) Construction in progress
Total
Accumulated depreciation
Net property and equipment
Investments and other assets:
Investment securities (Notes 4 and 15)
Investments in and advances to unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates (Note 6) Lease and guaranty deposits
Deferred income taxes (Note 10)
Goodwill
Intangible assets
Other assets
Total investments and other assets TOTAL (Note 17)
2020
Yen (Millions)
¥
U.S. dollars (Thousands) (Note 2)
2020
LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS Current liabilities:
Short-term loans (Notes 7 and 15)
Current portion of long-term debt (Notes 7 and 15)
Accounts payable (Note 15)
Accounts payable to unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates Advance ticket sales
Accrued expenses
Income taxes payable
Other current liabilities (Note 9)
Total current liabilities
Long-term liabilities:
Long-term debt (Notes 7 and 15) Liability for retirement benefits (Note 8) Deferred income taxes (Note 10) Asset retirement obligations (Note 9) Other long-term liabilities
Total long-term liabilities
Contingent liabilities (Note 14)
Net assets (Note 13): Common stock:
Authorized – 510,000,000 shares;
Issued – 348,498,361 shares in 2020 and 2019
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock – 13,978,652 shares in 2020 and 13,868,935 shares in 2019
Accumulated other comprehensive income:
Unrealized gain on securities
Deferred gain (loss) on derivatives under hedge accounting Foreign currency translation adjustments
Defined retirement benefit plans
Total Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
TOTAL
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
2020
Yen (Millions)
¥
U.S. dollars (Thousands) (Note 2)
2020
   2019
68,301 225,360 187,529
4,204 26,491 62,130
126,672 (457)
700,230
54,270 268,082 1,961,881 105,594 30,858 56,015 12,330 286,635 2,775,665
2019
336 112,651 229,712 4,544 218,950 60,590 21,374 37,776 685,933
675,662 158,209 110 3,371 54,524 891,876
318,789 258,448 548,439
(59,032)
37,622 10,636 2,873
 ¥ 109,447
129,200
98,944
2,851
22,823
67,312
141,123
(538)
571,162
53,886
306,084
2,120,347
112,343
32,741
65,428
11,170
180,005
2,882,004
(1,301,678)
1,580,326
108,156
42,322
18,501
99,824
24,461
101,062
14,339
408,665
¥ 2,560,153
 ¥ 429
107,878
196,391
4,325
111,827
36,974
8,441
64,281
530,546
734,555
163,384
112
1,224
61,462
960,737
318,789
258,470
550,839
(59,435)
22,120
(14,595)
2,668
(17,828)
1,061,028
7,842
1,068,870
¥2,560,153
 $ 1,005,669
1,187,172
909,161
26,196
209,712
618,505
1,296,728
(4,943)
5,248,203
495,139
2,812,496
19,483,111
1,032,279
300,845
601,194
102,637
1,654,001
26,481,705
(11,960,654)
14,521,051
993,806
388,881
169,999
917,247
224,763
928,622
131,755
3,755,076
$ 23,524,331
 $ 3,941
991,252
1,804,566
39,740
1,027,538
339,740
77,561
590,655
4,874,997
6,749,563
1,501,277
1,029
11,246
564,752
8,827,869
2,929,238
2,374,988
5,061,462
(546,126)
203,252
(134,108)
24,515
(163,815)
9,749,407
72,057
9,821,464
$23,524,331
        (1,228,595) 1,547,070
120,619 42,790 24,330 85,307 51,132
104,048 11,596
439,822 ¥ 2,687,122
(18,362) 1,099,413 9,900 1,109,313 ¥2,687,122
          118
119

 Financial / Data Section
 Consolidated Statement of Income
ANA HOLDINGS INC. and its consolidated subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2020
Operating revenues (Note 17)
Cost of sales (Note 22)
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses (Notes 8 and 18) Operating income (Note 17)
Other income (expenses):
Interest income
Dividend income
Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates Foreign exchange gain (loss), net
Gain on sales of assets
Gain on donation of non-current assets
Interest expenses
Loss on sales of assets
Loss on disposal of assets
Impairment loss (Note 21)
Other, net (Note 22)
Other income (expenses), net Income before income taxes Income taxes (Note 10):
Current Deferred
Total income taxes Net income
Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Per share of common stock (Notes 3, 13 and 19): Basic net income
Cash dividends applicable to the year
Yen (Millions)
U.S. dollars (Thousands) (Note 2)
2020
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
ANA HOLDINGS INC. and its consolidated subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2020
Net income
Other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 11):
Unrealized gain (loss) on securities
Deferred gain (loss) on derivatives under hedge accounting Foreign currency translation adjustments
Defined retirement benefit plans
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) in affiliates
Total other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 11) Comprehensive income (loss)
Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to:
Owners of the parent
Non-controlling interests
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
Yen (Millions)
U.S. dollars (Thousands) (Note 2)
2020
  2020
2019
¥2,058,312 1,559,876 498,436 333,417 165,019
767 2,159 1,559
(1,761) 2,554 2,512 (6,995)
(641) (11,117) (1,997)
1,964 (10,996)
154,023
47,354 (5,168)
42,186 111,837 1,060 110,777
2019
¥331.04 75.00
2020
2019
¥111,837
13,115 14,115
(382) 2,930 15 29,793 ¥141,630
¥140,613 1,017
¥1,974,216
1,583,434
390,782
329,976
60,806
958
2,073
1,210
473
6,746
3,553
(6,291)
(302)
(7,133)
(25,159)
14,567
(9,305)
51,501
24,407
1,175
25,582
25,919
(1,736)
¥ 27,655
¥ 25,919
(15,369)
(25,227)
(221)
539
(383)
(40,661)
¥(14,742)
¥(12,749)
(1,993)
$18,140,365
14,549,609
3,590,756
3,032,031
558,724
8,802
19,048
11,118
4,346
61,986
32,647
(57,805)
(2,774)
(65,542)
(231,177)
133,850
(85,500)
473,224
224,267
10,796
235,063
238,160
(15,951)
$ 254,111
$ 238,160
(141,220)
(231,801)
(2,030)
4,952
(3,519)
(373,619)
$(135,458)
$(117,146)
(18,312)
2020
Yen
U.S. dollars (Note 2)
2020
¥
 ¥82.66
–
$0.75
–
120
121
Net income per share assuming full dilution is not disclosed as the Company had no potentially dilutive shares outstanding during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

 Financial / Data Section
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
ANA HOLDINGS INC. and its consolidated subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2020
Cash flows from operating activities:
Income before income taxes Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortization (Note 17)
Impairment loss (Note 21)
Amortization of goodwill (Note 17)
Loss on disposal and sales of property and equipment Gain on sales and valuation of investment securities Loss on sales of shares of subsidiaries and affiliates Increase in allowance for doubtful accounts
Increase in liability for retirement benefits Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Foreign exchange loss (gain)
Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable Increase in other current assets
Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable Increase (decrease) in advance ticket sales
Other, net Subtotal
Interest and dividends received Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities:
Increase in time deposits
Proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits Purchases of marketable securities
Proceeds from redemption of marketable securities Purchases of property and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property and equipment Purchases of intangible assets
Purchases of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of investment securities Other, net
Net cash used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities:
Increase in short-term loans, net Proceeds from long-term loans Repayment of long-term loans Proceeds from issuance of bonds Repayment of bonds
Repayment of finance lease obligations
Payment for purchases of investments in subsidiaries with no changes
in scope of consolidation
Net increase of treasury stock Payment for dividends
Other, net
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Net increase resulting from changes in scope of consolidation Cash and cash equivalents at end of year (Note 20)
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
ANA HOLDINGS INC. and its consolidated subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2020
Thousands
Yen (Millions)
Accumulated other comprehensive income
U.S. dollars (Thousands) (Note 2)
2020
$ 473,224
1,614,802 231,177 36,809 6,330
(2,471) 64
3,850 50,565 (27,850) 57,805
2,508 756,335
(85,307) (349,581) (984,314) (133,327)
1,650,620 35,201
(58,540) (431,204)
1,196,076
(512,900) 466,681
(1,608,655) 1,462,831 (2,918,349) 1,393,476
(310,181) (76,624) 13,084 (24,754)
(2,115,390)
900 888,394
(753,790) 639,400 (275,659)
(42,350) (882)
(3,721) (230,680) (2,287)
219,323 (2,517) (702,508)
1,946,503 5,081 $ 1,249,076
Deferred gain (loss) on derivatives under hedge accounting
Yen (Millions)
 Number of shares of common stock outstanding
Common stock
Capital surplus
(9,760)
Retained earnings
110,777 (20,084)
Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
Unrealized gain on securities
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Defined retirement benefit plans
Non- controlling interests
Total net assets
110,777 (20,084) (41)
24
2020
51,501
175,739 25,159 4,006 689
(269) 7
419 5,503
(3,031) 6,291 273 82,312
(9,284) (38,045) (107,123) (14,510)
179,637 3,831
(6,371) (46,928) 130,169
(55,819) 50,789 (175,070)
159,200 (317,604) 151,652
(33,757) (8,339) 1,424 (2,694)
(230,218)
98 96,684
(82,035) 69,586 (30,000)
(4,609) (96)
(405) (25,105) (249)
23,869 (274) (76,454)
211,838 553 ¥ 135,937
2019
154,023
159,541 1,997 4,031 9,204
(149) 343 51 4,801
(2,926) 6,995
(534) (7,195) (20,788)
3,355 37,597 12,694
363,040 3,447
(7,175) (63,164) 296,148
(45,811) 30,794 (176,060)
196,582 (336,807) 84,917
(39,057) (18,978)
153 (4,404) (308,671)
156 69,710
(87,903) 19,876 (10,000)
(5,602) (11,326)
(17) (20,084) (1,290) (46,480)
332 (58,671)
270,509 – ¥ 211,838
      Total changes during the
fiscal year –
90,693
(17)
Total
334,632 ¥318,789 ¥268,208 ¥457,746 ¥(59,015) ¥ 985,728 ¥ 24,467 ¥ (3,471) ¥3,201 ¥(21,264) ¥ 2,933 ¥11,891 ¥1,000,552
¥
¥
 Balance at April 1, 2018
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Cash dividends ¥60.00 per share (Note 13)
Purchase of treasury stock
(Note 13) (10)
Disposal of treasury stock
(Note 13) 7
Change in the parent’s ownership interest due to transactions with non-controlling interests
Net changes in the year
110,777 (20,084) (41)
(41)
24 24
(9,760)
– 13,155 14,107 (328) 2,902 29,836 (1,991) 27,845
(9,760)
334,629 318,789 258,448 548,439 (59,032) 1,066,644 37,622 10,636 2,873 (18,362) 32,769 9,900 1,109,313
80,916 13,155 14,107 (328) 2,902 29,836 (1,991) 108,761
(9,760)
  Balance at March 31, 2019
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Cash dividends ¥75.00 per share (Note 13)
Purchase of treasury stock (Note 13)
Disposal of treasury stock (Note 13)
Change in the parent’s ownership interest due to transactions with non-controlling interests
Changes in scope of consolidation
Net changes in the year
Total changes during the fiscal year
Balance at March 31, 2020
Balance at March 31, 2019
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Cash dividends $0.68 per share (Note 13)
Purchase of treasury stock (Note 13)
Disposal of treasury stock (Note 13)
Change in the parent’s ownership interest due to transactions with non-controlling interests
Changes in scope of consolidation
Net changes in the year
Total changes during the fiscal year
Balance at March 31, 2020
Thousands
U.S. dollars (Thousands) (Note 2)
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Unrealized gain on securities
 27,655
27,655
27,655
(25,105)
(25,105)
(25,105)
(125)
(453)
(453)
(453)
15
50
50
50
22
22
22
(150)
(150)
(150)
–
(15,502)
(25,231)
(205)
534
(40,404)
(2,058)
(42,462)
–
22
2,400
(403)
2,019
(15,502)
(25,231)
(205)
534
(40,404)
(2,058)
(40,443)
334,519
¥318,789
¥258,470
¥550,839
¥(59,435)
¥1,068,663
¥ 22,120
¥(14,595)
¥2,668
¥(17,828)
¥ (7,635)
¥ 7,842
¥1,068,870
      Number of shares of common stock outstanding
Common stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
Deferred gain (loss) on derivatives under hedge accounting
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Defined retirement benefit plans
Non- controlling interests
Total net assets
 Total
334,629 $2,929,238 $2,374,786 $5,039,410 $(542,423) $9,801,010 $ 345,695 $ 97,730 $26,398 $(168,721) $ 301,102 $90,967 $10,193,080
   254,111
254,111
254,111
(230,680)
(230,680)
(230,680)
(125)
(4,162)
(4,162)
(4,162)
15
459
459
459
202
202
202
(1,378)
(1,378)
(1,378)
–
(142,442)
(231,838)
(1,883)
4,906
(371,257)
(18,910)
(390,168)
–
202
22,052
(3,703)
18,551
(142,442)
(231,838)
(1,883)
4,906
(371,257)
(18,910)
(371,616)
334,519
$2,929,238
$2,374,988
$5,061,462
$(546,126)
$9,819,562
$ 203,252
$(134,108)
$24,515
$(163,815)
$ (70,155)
$ 72,057
$ 9,821,464
      See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
  122
123

 Financial / Data Section
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
ANA HOLDINGS INC. and its consolidated subsidiaries Year Ended March 31, 2020
  1.
Basis of presenting consolidated financial statements
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of ANA HOLDINGS INC. (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) and its consolidated subsidiaries have been prepared in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Japanese Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and its related accounting regulations and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan (“Japanese GAAP”), which are different in certain respects as to the application and disclosure requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”).
In preparing these consolidated financial statements, certain reclassifications and rearrangements have been made to the consolidated financial statements issued domestically in order to present them in a form which is more familiar to readers outside Japan. In addition, certain reclassifi- cations have been made in the consolidated financial statements of the previous fiscal year to conform to the classifications used in the current fiscal year.
Translation of financial statements
The consolidated financial statements presented herein are expressed in Japanese yen and, solely for the convenience of readers outside of Japan, have been translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of ¥108.83 = US$1, the approximate exchange rate prevailing on the Tokyo Foreign Exchange Market on March 31, 2020. This translation should not be construed as a representation that the amounts shown could be converted into U.S. dollars at that or any other rate. Translations of U.S. dollars are rounded down to the nearest thousand and, therefore, the totals shown in tables do not necessarily agree with the sums of the individual amounts.
Summary of significant accounting policies
(a) Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2020 include the accounts of the Company and its 62 (62 in 2019) significant subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”).
Under the control and influence concepts, those companies in which the Company, directly or indirectly, is able to exercise control over operations are fully consolidated, and those companies over which the Group has the ability to exercise significant influence are accounted for by the equity method.
Investments in 16 (16 in 2019) unconsolidated subsidiaries and significant affiliates are accounted for by the equity method.
The difference between the cost and the underlying net assets at dates of acquisition of consolidated subsidiaries and companies accounted for by the equity method is amortized using the straight-line method over a period of 10 to 15 years.
Investments in 95 (94 in 2019) subsidiaries and affiliates which are not consolidated or accounted for by the equity method are stated at cost. If the equity method of accounting had been applied to the investments in these companies, the effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements would not be material.
All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. All material unrealized profit included in assets resulting from transactions within the Group is also eliminated.
Certain subsidiaries have fiscal years ending on December 31 and February 29, and necessary adjustments for significant transactions, if any, are made in consolidation.
(b) Foreign currency translation
All short-term and long-term monetary receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies are translated into yen at the rates of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date, except for payables and receivables hedged by qualified forward exchange contracts, and differ- ences arising from the translation are included in the consolidated statement of income.
The balance sheet accounts of consolidated foreign subsidiaries are translated into yen at the rates of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date, except for the components of net assets excluding non-controlling interests which are translated at their historical exchange rates. Revenue and expense accounts are translated at the average rate of exchange in effect during the year. Differences arising from the translation are presented as foreign currency translation adjustments in net assets.
(c) Marketable securities and investment securities
Marketable securities and investment securities are classified into three categories: trading, held-to-maturity or available-for-sale. Under the accounting standard, trading securities are carried at fair value and held-to-maturity securities are carried at amortized cost. Marketable securities classified as available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value with changes in unrealized holding gain or loss, net of the applicable income taxes, included directly in net assets. Non-marketable securities classified as available-for-sale securities are carried at cost, determined by the moving-average method. See Note 4 “Marketable securities and investment securities” for additional information.
(d) Allowance for doubtful accounts
The allowance for doubtful accounts is stated in amounts considered to be appropriate based on the Group’s past credit loss experience and an evaluation of potential losses in the receivables outstanding.
(e) Inventories
Inventories include aircraft spare parts, supplies and stock in trade of consolidated subsidiaries, and are stated at cost, principally determined by the moving-average method. The net book value of inventories in the consolidated balance sheet is written down when their net realizable value is less than book value. See Note 5 “Inventories” and Note 22 “Supplementary information for the consolidated statement of income” for addi- tional information.
(f) Property and equipment (excluding leased assets)
Property and equipment, excluding leased assets, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation of property and equipment is computed based on the estimated useful lives. Major assets are depreciated by the following method:
Buildings................................... Straight-line method Aircraft ...................................... Straight-line method
The Company and certain subsidiaries employ principally the following useful lives for major property and equipment, based upon the Company’s estimate of durability:
Buildings................................... 3–50 years Aircraft ...................................... 9–20 years
Major additions and improvements are capitalized at cost. Maintenance and repairs, including minor remodels and improvements, are charged to income as incurred.
The Group reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. The assets of the Group are grouped by individual property in the case of rental real estate, assets determined to be sold and idle assets, and by management accounting categories in the case of business assets. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the continued use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group. The impairment loss would be measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of the discounted cash flows from the continued use
and eventual disposition of the asset or the net selling price at disposition. See Note 21 “Impairment loss” for additional information.
(g) Intangible assets and amortization (excluding leased assets)
Intangible assets are amortized principally by the straight-line method. Cost of software purchased for internal use is amortized by the straight- line method over five years, the estimated useful life of purchased software.
(h) Retirement benefits
The retirement benefit plans of the Group cover substantially all employees other than directors and corporate auditors. Under the terms of this plan, eligible employees are entitled, upon mandatory retirement or earlier voluntary severance, to lump-sum payments or annuity payments based on their compensation at the time of leaving and years of service with the Company and subsidiaries.
The Company and certain significant domestic subsidiaries have trustee employee pension funds to provide coverage for part of the lump-sum benefits or annuity payments.
The Company and certain consolidated subsidiaries sponsor defined contribution pension plans as well as defined benefit pension plans.
The Company accounts for the liability for retirement benefits based on the projected benefit obligations and plan assets at the balance sheet date. The projected benefit obligations are attributed to periods on a benefit formula basis. Actuarial gains and losses and past service costs that are yet to be recognized in profit or loss are recognized within net assets (accumulated other comprehensive income), after adjusting for tax effects, and are recognized in profit or loss over the average remaining service years of employees.
(i) Income taxes
The provision for income taxes is computed based on the pretax income included in the consolidated statement of income. The asset and liability approach is used to recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred taxes are measured by applying currently enacted income tax rates to the temporary differences. See Note 10 “Income taxes” for additional information.
(j) Leases
Leased assets arising from transactions under finance lease contracts are depreciated to a residual value of zero by the straight-line method using the term of the contract as the useful life.
 2.
3.
 124
125

 Financial / Data Section
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(k) Derivatives
The Group uses derivatives, such as forward foreign currency exchange contracts, interest rate swaps, and commodity options and swaps are to limit its exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices. The Group does not use derivatives for trading purposes.
Derivative financial instruments are carried at fair value with changes in unrealized gains or losses charged or credited to income, except for those which meet the criteria for deferral hedge accounting under which an unrealized gain or loss is deferred. Receivables and payables hedged by qualified forward exchange contracts are translated at the corresponding foreign exchange contract rates. Interest rate swaps that qualify for hedge accounting and meet specific matching criteria are not measured at fair value, but the differential paid or received under the swap agreements is recognized and included in interest expenses.
(l) Revenue recognition
Passenger revenues, cargo and other operating revenues are recorded when services are provided.
(m) Cash equivalents
Cash equivalents are short-term investments that are readily convertible into cash and exposed to insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents include time deposits and negotiable certificates of deposit, all of which mature or become due within three months of the date of acquisition. See Note 20 “Supplementary cash flow information” for additional information.
(n) Per share information
Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period, retroactively adjusted for stock splits.
Diluted net income per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities were exercised or converted into common stock. Diluted net income per share of common stock assumes full conversion of the outstanding convertible notes and bonds at the beginning of the year (or at the time of issuance) with an applicable adjustment for related interest expense, net of tax, and full exercise of outstanding warrants.
Diluted net income per share is not presented as the effect of including potential common shares is anti-dilutive.
Cash dividends per share presented in the accompanying consolidated statement of income are dividends applicable to the respective fiscal years, including dividends to be paid after the end of the year.
(o) Share remuneration plan for directors
The Company has transactions for delivery of the Company’s treasury stock through a trust as a share remuneration plan (the “Trust for Delivery of Shares to Directors”) in order to improve its operating performance, increase its corporate value, and raise the directors’ awareness of shareholder-oriented management.
(1) Transaction outline
Trust for Delivery of Shares to Directors is a system in which funds are contributed by the Company, and shares acquired are distributed to the Company’s directors in accordance with the Company’s operating performance, etc.
(2) The Company’s treasury stock remaining in the trust
The Company’s treasury stock remaining in the trust is recorded at book value (excluding associated expenses) of the trust and is reflected as treasury stock in net assets. The book value was ¥340 million for the previous fiscal year and ¥717 million for the current fiscal year. The number of shares was 107 thousand shares for the previous fiscal year and 209 thousand shares for the current fiscal year.
(p) Unapplied new accounting standard
“Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (Accounting Standards Board of Japan (“ASBJ”) Statement No. 29 – March 31, 2020) “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Guidance No. 30 – March 31, 2020) “Implementation Guidance on Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments” (ASBJ Guidance No. 19 – March 31, 2020)
(1) Overview
The International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued a new revenue standard, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (International Financial Reporting Standard 15 (“IFRS 15”) and Accounting Standard Codification 606 (“Topic 606”) issued by the IASB and FASB, respectively), on May 2014.
Against the background of the fact that IFRS 15 will be effective from periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018 and Topic 606 will be effec- tive from periods beginning on or after December 15, 2017, the ASBJ issued ASBJ Statement No. 29, “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition,” and ASBJ Guidance No. 30, “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition.” The core principle of the standard and guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
The ASBJ’s primary policy for developing its accounting standard for revenue recognition was to include the basic principles of IFRS 15 for the purpose of comparability, between financial statements in accordance with Japanese GAAP and those in accordance with IFRS or accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, for particular items for which industrial practice should be taken into consid-
(2) Application date
The Company will apply the accounting standard and guidance for annual periods beginning on or after April 1, 2021, and is in the process of measuring the effects of applying the accounting standard and guidance on its consolidated financial statements in future applicable periods.
“Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement” (ASBJ Statement No. 30 – July 4, 2019)
“Accounting Standard for Measurement of Inventories” (ASBJ Statement No. 9 – July 4, 2019)
“Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments” (ASBJ Statement No. 10 – July 4, 2019)
“Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement” (ASBJ Guidance No. 31 – July 4, 2019) “Implementation Guidance on Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments” (ASBJ Guidance No. 19 – March 31, 2020)
(1) Overview
The IASB and FASB established almost the same detailed implementation guidance for Fair Value Measurement (IFRS 13 and Topic 820 issued by IASB and FASB, respectively).
The ASBJ has since made efforts to align Japanese GAAP to International Accounting Standards, so as to incorporate the aforementioned implementation guidance for Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures. This resulted in them issuing ASBJ Statement No. 30, “Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement.”
The ASBJ’s primary policy for developing its Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement was to include the basic principles of IFRS 13 for the purpose of comparability, between financial statements in accordance with Japanese GAAP and those in accordance with IFRS or account- ing principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, for particular items for which industrial practice should be taken into consideration, alternative means are to be provided to the extent that comparability is maintained.
(2) Application date
The Company will apply the accounting standard and guidance for annual periods beginning on or after April 1, 2021, and is in the process of measuring the effects of applying the accounting standard and guidance on its consolidated financial statements in future applicable periods.
“Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates” (ASBJ Statement No. 31 – March 31, 2020)
(1) Overview
Regarding “key sources of estimation uncertainty,” required to be disclosed in accordance with “Presentation of Financial Statements” (International Accounting Standards 1 (“IAS 1”), issued by the IASB in 2003, the ASBJ was requested that it should consider to require disclosure of such note information for the purpose of enhancing usability of Financial Statements.
In response to such requests, the ASBJ developed and issued ASBJ Statement No. 31. The ASBJ’s primary policy for developing its accounting standards is not requiring the expansion of individual notes but leading a company to determine the specific content of disclosure in light of the purpose of disclosure by showing their principle and the purpose of disclosure.
(2) Application date
The Company will apply the accounting standard on March 31, 2021.
“Accounting Standard for Accounting Policy Disclosures, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections” (ASBJ Statement No. 24 – March 31, 2020)
(1) Overview
The ASBJ revised and issued “Accounting Standard for Accounting Policy Disclosures, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections,” in order to enhance note information on accounting principles and procedures that were adopted when the provisions of relevant accounting standards are not clear.
Also, in consideration of affect on accounting practices, the guidance is subject to applicable No. 24 of annotations on the accounting principles.
(2) Application date
The Company will apply the accounting standard on March 31, 2021.
(q) Additional information
Accounting estimates associated with the spread of COVID-19
Demand for air transportation in Japan and overseas decreased rapidly toward the end of the current fiscal year due to immigration restrictions imposed by various countries and the impact of the voluntary restraint of staying home within Japan resulting from the spread of COVID-19.
Accounting estimates in the current fiscal year, such as the valuation of goodwill and the recoverability of deferred tax assets, are based on the certain assumption that the situation will continue until the second quarter of the next fiscal year and the demand will pick up gradually afterwards.
 126 eration, alternative means are to be provided to the extent that comparability is maintained.
127

 Financial / Data Section
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
  4.
Marketable securities and investment securities
Marketable and investment securities at March 31, 2020 and 2019 are summarized as follows:
Current:
Negotiable certificates of deposits Other
Total Non-current:
Marketable equity securities
Other Total
The redemption schedule of available-for-sale securities with maturities and held-to-maturity securities at March 31, 2020 and 2019 is summarized as follows:
Yen (Millions)
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
 U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
2020
2019
 ¥–
–
–
–
129,200
5,299
2,025
–
¥129,200
5,299
2,025
–
$–
–
–
–
1,187,172
48,690
18,607
–
$1,187,172
48,690
18,607
–
Yen (Millions)
Bonds:
Within 1 year
Over 1 year to 5 years Over 5 years to 10 years Over 10 years
Other securities with maturities: Within 1 year
Over 1 year to 5 years
Over 5 years to 10 years Over 10 years
Total:
Within 1 year
Over 1 year to 5 years Over 5 years to 10 years Over 10 years
Inventories
Inventories at March 31, 2020 and 2019 consisted the following:
Inventories (Merchandise) Inventories (Supplies) Total
 2020
2019
¥ – – – –
225,360 – 6,389 –
¥225,360 – 6,389 –
  ¥129,200
–
¥129,200
¥ 84,141
24,014
¥108,156
$1,187,172
–
$1,187,172
$ 773,141
220,656
$ 993,806
¥225,360 – ¥225,360
¥ 88,385 32,234 ¥120,619
     The costs and aggregate fair values of marketable and investment securities at March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
As of March 31, 2020 Securities classified as:
Available-for-sale:
Negotiable certificates of deposit Marketable equity securities Held-to-maturity
As of March 31, 2019 Securities classified as:
Available-for-sale:
Negotiable certificates of deposit Marketable equity securities Held-to-maturity
As of March 31, 2020 Securities classified as:
Available-for-sale:
Negotiable certificates of deposit Marketable equity securities Held-to-maturity
Cost
Cost
¥225,360 35,574 –
Cost
Unrealized gains
Unrealized losses
Fair value
Fair value
¥225,360 88,385 –
Fair value
Unrealized gains
¥ – 52,916 –
Unrealized losses
¥ – (105)
2020
2019
¥13,707 48,423 ¥62,130
Yen (Millions)
   ¥129,200
¥–
¥–
¥129,200
51,453
36,211
(3,523)
84,141
938
1,632
–
2,570
 Yen (Millions)
5.
6.
7.
Yen (Millions)
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
    ¥13,490
53,822
¥67,312
$123,954
494,551
$618,505
  – Unrealized losses
Investments in and advances to unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates
 U.S. dollars (Thousands) Unrealized gains
  $1,187,172
$–
$–
$1,187,172
472,783
332,729
(32,371)
773,141
8,618
14,995
–
23,614
Investments in and advances to unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates at March 31, 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following: Yen (Millions)
 2020
Investments in capital stock
Advances
Total ¥42,790
2019
  ¥37,508
4,814
¥42,322
$344,647
44,234
$388,881
¥38,565 4,225
 The proceeds, realized gains, and realized losses on the available-for-sale securities sold during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
  2020
2019
¥559 333 –
Yen (Millions)
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
$212,037
Short-term loans and long-term debt
Short-term loans and current portion of long-term debt at March 31, 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following:
Yen (Millions)
   ¥1,309
1,122
–
$12,027
10,309
–
Proceeds Gain on sales Loss on sales
  The breakdown of securities for which fair value cannot be reliably determined at March 31, 2020 and 2019 is as follows:
2020
2019
  ¥ 429
84,057
20,000
3,821
¥108,307
$ 3,941
772,369
183,772
35,109
$995,194
Yen (Millions)
2020
2019
¥32,234
Short-term loans
Current portion of long-term loans
Current portion of bonds
Current portion of finance lease obligations Total
336 77,883 30,000 4,768 ¥112,987
¥
    Available-for-sale
¥23,076
  128
129
The average interest rates on the above short-term loans were 1.43% and 2.42% per annum in 2020 and 2019, respectively.

 Financial / Data Section
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Long-term debt at March 31, 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following:
Bonds:
1.22% notes due 2024
1.20% notes due 2026
0.38% notes due 2019
0.99% notes due 2036
0.26% notes due 2020
0.88% notes due 2037
Convertible bonds with stock acquisition rights due 2022 Convertible bonds with stock acquisition rights due 2024 0.82% notes due 2038
0.47% notes due 2028
0.27% notes due 2026
0.84% notes due 2039
0.27% notes due 2025
0.28% notes due 2029
0.69% notes due 2039
Loans, principally from banks:
Secured, bearing interest from 0.07% to 2.11% in 2020 and 0.13% to 2.11% in 2019, maturing in
installments through 2040
Unsecured, bearing interest from 0.46% to 2.23% in 2020 and 0.46% to 2.23% in 2019, maturing in
installments through 2031
Finance lease obligations:
Finance lease agreements expiring through 2031
Less current portion Total
The details of the convertible bonds with stock acquisition rights are as follows:
Class of shares to be issued
Total issue price of stock acquisition rights
Initial conversion price
Total issue price
Total issue price of shares issued upon the exercise of stock acquisition rights Percentage of stock acquisition rights granted
Exercise period
The following assets were pledged as collateral for short-term and long-term debt at March 31, 2020 and 2019:
 Yen (Millions)
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
Yen (Millions)
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
  2020
2019
2020
2019
  ¥ 30,000
15,000
–
20,000
20,000
10,000
70,000
70,000
10,000
10,000
5,000
15,000
30,000
10,000
10,000
325,000
287,827
213,130
500,957
16,476
842,433
107,878
¥734,555
$ 275,659
137,829
–
183,772
183,772
91,886
643,204
643,204
91,886
91,886
45,943
137,829
275,659
91,886
91,886
2,986,308
2,644,739
1,958,375
4,603,114
151,392
7,740,815
991,252
$6,749,563
¥510,607
2,956
12,751
11,135
¥537,449
$4,691,785
27,161
117,164
102,315
$4,938,426
¥ 30,000 15,000 30,000 20,000 20,000 10,000 70,000 70,000 10,000 10,000 – – – – – 285,000
281,235
203,478 484,713
18,600 788,313 112,651
¥675,662
Assets at net book value:
Aircraft (including aircraft spare parts included in inventories) Land and buildings
Lease receivables
Others
¥497,719 2,678 14,479 11,135 Total ¥526,012
  The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt after March 31, 2020 are as follows:
Years ending March 31 2021
2022
2023
2024 2025 Thereafter Total
Retirement benefit plans
Yen (Millions)
  ¥107,878
73,806
132,942
87,388
115,134
325,285
¥842,433
$ 991,252
678,176
1,221,556
802,977
1,057,925
2,988,927
$7,740,815
    8.
 The Company and certain consolidated subsidiaries provide defined contribution pension plans as well as defined benefit pension plans, i.e., defined benefit corporate pension plans and lump-sum payment plans for the benefit of employees. Premium severance pay may be paid at the time of retirement of eligible employees in certain cases.
Certain consolidated subsidiaries adopting defined benefit corporate pension plans and lump-sum payment plans use a simplified method for calculating retirement benefit expenses and liabilities.
   Zero coupon convertible bonds due 2022 Common stock
Zero
¥5,180 ($47.59) per share
¥70,000 million ($643,204 thousand)
–
100.0%
October 3, 2017 through September 2, 2022
(a) The changes in the defined benefit obligation for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 are as follows:
Yen (Millions)
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
   2020
2019
¥227,114 10,036 1,711
(76) (12,342)
0 (2,827)
107 ¥223,723
  ¥223,723
10,216
1,687
2,119
(12,958)
–
–
499
¥225,286
$2,055,710
93,871
15,501
19,470
(119,066)
–
–
4,585
$2,070,072
If all of these outstanding warrants had been exercised at March 31, 2020, 13,513,513 shares of common stock would have been issued.
Balance at the beginning of the fiscal year Service cost
Interest cost
Actuarial losses (gains)
Benefits paid
Accrued past service cost
Decrease due to transition to the defined contribution pension plans Other
Balance at the end of the fiscal year
(b) The changes in plan assets for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 are as follows:
Balance at the beginning of the fiscal year Expected return on plan assets Actuarial losses
Employer contributions
Benefits paid
Decrease due to transition to the defined contribution pension plans Other
Balance at the end of the fiscal year
    Class of shares to be issued
Total issue price of stock acquisition rights
Initial conversion price
Total issue price
Total issue price of shares issued upon the exercise of stock acquisition rights Percentage of stock acquisition rights granted
Exercise period
Zero coupon convertible bonds due 2024 Common stock
Zero
¥5,100 ($46.86) per share
¥70,000 million ($643,204 thousand)
–
100.0%
October 3, 2017 through September 5, 2024
Yen (Millions)
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
 2020
2019
¥70,661 834
(421) 2,455
(5,253) (2,827)
541 ¥65,990
  ¥65,990
782
(1,510)
2,611
(5,156)
–
–
¥62,717
$606,358
7,185
(13,874)
23,991
(47,376)
–
–
$576,284
If all of these outstanding warrants had been exercised at March 31, 2020, 13,725,490 shares of common stock would have been issued. The conversion price of the convertible bonds is subject to adjustments to reflect stock splits and certain other events.
As is customary in Japan, short-term and long-term bank loans are made under general agreements which provide that security and guarantees for future and present indebtedness will be given upon request of the bank, and that the bank shall have the right, as the obligation becomes due or in the event of default and certain other specified events, to offset cash deposits against such obligations due to the bank.
  130
131

 Financial / Data Section
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(c) A reconciliation between the liability recorded in the consolidated balance sheet and the balances of the defined benefit obligation and plan assets at March 31, 2020 and 2019 is as follows:
(2) Method of determining the expected rate of return on plan assets
The expected rate of return on plan assets has been estimated based on the anticipated allocation to each plan asset class and the expected long-term returns on plan assets held in each category.
 Yen (Millions)
2020 2019 Funded defined benefit obligation ¥ 77,533
Plan assets at fair value (65,990) 11,543 Unfunded defined benefit obligation 146,190 Net liability arising from defined benefit obligation in the consolidated balance sheet ¥157,733
Liability for retirement benefits ¥158,209 Asset for defined benefits (476) Net liability arising from defined benefit obligation in the consolidated balance sheet ¥157,733
(d) The components of net periodic benefit costs for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 are as follows:
Yen (Millions)
2020
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets Recognized actuarial losses Amortization of past service cost Net periodic benefit costs
(e) Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income (before income tax effect) related to the defined retirement benefit plans for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 are as follows:
(h) Assumptions used for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 are set forth as follows:
Discount rates
Expected rates of return on plan assets
(i) Defined contribution pension plans
2020
0.1 – 1.2% 1.0 – 2.5%
2019
0.1 – 1.2% 1.0 – 2.5%
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
  ¥ 74,336
(62,717)
11,619
150,950
¥162,569
¥163,384
(815)
¥162,569
$ 683,046
(576,284)
106,762
1,387,025
$1,493,788
$1,501,277
(7,488)
$1,493,788
        U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2019 2020 ¥10,036
1,711 (834)
3,676 885 ¥15,474
9.
The contributions to the defined contribution pension plans of the Company and certain subsidiaries were ¥4,381 million ($40,255 thousand) and ¥4,423 million for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
Asset retirement obligations
(a) Asset retirement obligations recorded on the consolidated balance sheet
(1) Overview of asset retirement obligations
The Company and its domestic subsidiaries enter into agreements with national government entities that allow for the use of Japanese government property and have entered into real estate lease contracts with such entities for the Head Office, sales branches, airport branches, and certain other offices. As the Company and its domestic subsidiaries have restoration obligations for such properties at the end of each lease period, related legal obligations required by law and the contracts are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet as asset retirement obligations.
(2) Calculation of asset retirement obligations
The Group estimates the expected period of use as 1 to 30 years and calculates the amount of asset retirement obligations with a discount rate of 0% to 2.27%.
  ¥10,216
1,687
(782)
3,569
847
¥15,537
$ 93,871
15,501
(7,185)
32,794
7,782
$142,763
  2020
2019
¥ (885) (3,331) ¥(4,216)
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
Yen (Millions)
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
The following table indicates the changes in asset retirement obligations for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019: Yen (Millions)
   ¥(847)
60
¥(787)
$(7,782)
551
$(7,231)
Past service cost Actuarial losses Total
2020
2019 2020 ¥1,319
67 389 (320)
2,398 ¥3,853
   ¥ 3,853
57
19
(513)
(2,161)
¥ 1,255
$ 35,403
523
174
(4,713)
(19,856)
$ 11,531
  (f) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (before income tax effect) related to the defined retirement benefit plans at March 31, 2020 and 2019 are as follows:
Balance at the beginning of the fiscal year
Liabilities incurred due to the acquisition of property and equipment Accretion expense
Liabilities settled
Other
Balance at the end of the fiscal year
(b) Asset retirement obligations not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet
  Yen (Millions)
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2019 2020 ¥17,277
9,169 ¥26,446
2019
44% 12 11
2 31 100%
   ¥17,378
8,281
¥25,659
$159,680
76,091
$235,771
Unrecognized actuarial losses Unrecognized past service cost Total
(g) Plan assets
(1) Components of plan assets
Plan assets at March 31, 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following:
Bonds
General accounts Stocks
Cash and deposits Other
Total
2020
2020
The Company and its domestic subsidiaries enter into agreements with national government entities that allow for the use of Japanese govern- ment property, and have entered into real estate lease contracts with such entities for land and office at airport facilities, including Tokyo International Airport, Narita International Airport, New Chitose Airport, Chubu Centrair International Airport, Osaka International Airport, Kansai International Airport, Fukuoka Airport, and Naha Airport. The Company and its domestic subsidiaries have restoration obligations when they vacate and clear such facilities. However, as the above airports are considered to be critical infrastructure, it is beyond the control of the Company alone to determine when to vacate and clear such facilities, and it is also impossible to make reasonable estimates as there are currently no relocation plans for the above properties. Therefore, the Company and its domestic subsidiaries do not record asset retirement obligations for the related liabilities.
    43%
13
10
4
30
100%
  132
133

 Financial / Data Section
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   10.
Income taxes
The Company and certain of its domestic subsidiaries are subject to Japanese national and local income taxes which, in the aggregate, resulted in a normal effective statutory tax rate of 30.62% for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019.
The Group files a tax return under the consolidated corporate-tax system, which allows companies to base tax payments on the combined profits or losses of the parent company and certain of its domestic subsidiaries.
The tax effects of significant temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards which resulted in deferred tax assets and liabilities at March 31, 2020 and 2019 are as follows:
11.
Other comprehensive income
The following table presents reclassification and tax effects allocated to each component of other comprehensive income for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019:
2020
2019
¥19,155 (221)
18,934 (5,819) 13,115
9,585 10,671 20,256
(6,141) 14,115
(382) (382)
(345) 4,561 4,216
(1,286) 2,930
102 (87) 15
¥29,793
Yen (Millions)
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
   ¥(19,764)
(764)
(20,528)
5,159
(15,369)
(41,013)
4,424
(36,589)
11,362
(25,227)
(221)
(221)
(3,629)
4,416
787
(248)
539
(381)
(2)
(383)
¥(40,661)
$(181,604)
(7,020)
(188,624)
47,404
(141,220)
(376,853)
40,650
(336,203)
104,401
(231,801)
(2,030)
(2,030)
(33,345)
40,577
7,231
(2,278)
4,952
(3,500)
(18)
(3,519)
$(373,619)
 Yen (Millions)
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
Unrealized gain (loss) on securities:
Amount arising during the fiscal year
Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss
Amount of unrealized gain (loss) on securities before tax effect Tax effect
Total
Deferred gain (loss) on derivatives under hedge accounting:
Amount arising during the fiscal year
Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss
Amount of deferred gain (loss) on derivatives under hedge accounting before tax effect Tax effect
Total
Foreign currency translation adjustments:
Amount arising during the fiscal year Total
Defined retirement benefit plans:
Amount arising during the fiscal year
Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss
Amount of defined retirement benefit plans before tax effect Tax effect
Total
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) in affiliates:
Amount arising during the fiscal year
Reclassification adjustments to profit or loss Total
Total other comprehensive income (loss)
 2020
2019 2020 ¥ 48,750
8,356 – 13,105 4,898 5,305 6,309 3,687 4,597 26,173 121,180
(11,373) 109,807
(16,134) (4,735) (2,283) (1,458)
(24,610) ¥ 85,197
  ¥ 50,286
9,901
8,723
6,608
6,537
6,091
5,270
4,763
4,673
28,827
131,679
(14,268)
117,411
(10,981)
(2,681)
(2,388)
(1,649)
(17,699)
¥ 99,712
$ 462,060
90,976
80,152
60,718
60,066
55,968
48,424
43,765
42,938
264,881
1,209,951
(131,103)
1,078,847
(100,900)
(24,634)
(21,942)
(15,152)
(162,629)
$ 916,217
Deferred tax assets:
Liability for retirement benefits
Prepaid expenses
Deferred loss on hedging instruments
Accrued bonuses to employees
Other provisions
Loss on investment in subsidiaries
Long-term unearned revenue
Loss on valuation of inventories
Unrealized gain on inventories and property and equipment Other
Total gross deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance
Total net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities:
Unrealized gain on securities
Deferred gain on hedging instruments Retained earnings of subsidiaries and affiliates Other
Total gross deferred tax liabilities Net deferred income taxes
              A reconciliation of the difference between the normal effective statutory tax rate and the actual effective income tax rate for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 is as follows:
12. Leases
As lessee
(a) Finance leases
Normal effective statutory tax rate Reconciliation:
Impairment loss
Amortization of goodwill
Expenses not deductible for income tax purposes Inhabitants tax per capita levy
Loss on investment in subsidiaries
Income taxes for prior periods
Changes in valuation allowance
Other, net
Actual effective income tax rate
Finance lease transactions are capitalized by recognizing lease assets and lease obligations in the consolidated balance sheet.
2020
2019
30.62%
– 0.80 0.46 0.14
(5.57) (1.78) 2.81 (0.09) 27.39%
  30.62%
13.49
2.38
1.30
0.39
–
(0.81)
3.54
(1.24)
49.67%
Tangible fixed lease assets include mainly aircraft, flight equipment, host computers and peripheral equipment. Intangible lease assets include software. The depreciation method for leased assets is described in Note 3 (j) “Leases.”
(b) Operating leases
The amount of outstanding future lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases are as follows:
 Yen (Millions)
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
 2020
2019
   ¥ 62,649
318,817
¥381,466
$ 575,659
2,929,495
$3,505,154
Current portion of operating lease obligations Long-term operating lease obligations
Total
As lessor
(a) Operating leases
¥ 54,866 265,832 ¥320,698
  The amount of outstanding future lease receivables under non-cancelable operating leases are as follows:
Yen (Millions)
Current portion of operating lease receivables Long-term operating lease receivables
Total
 2020
2019
¥ 949 6,983 ¥7,932
2020
  ¥ 2,170
15,373
¥17,543
$ 19,939
141,257
$161,196
  134
135

 Financial / Data Section
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   13.
Supplementary information for the consolidated statement of changes in net assets
Supplementary information for the consolidated statement of changes in net assets for the year ended March 31, 2020 consisted of the following:
(a) Dividends
Under the Companies Act of Japan (the “Companies Act”), the appropriation of unappropriated retained earnings of the Company with respect to a financial period is made by resolution of the Company’s shareholders at a general meeting to be held subsequent to the close of the financial period and the accounts for that period do not therefore reflect such appropriation.
14.
15.
Contingencies
The Group was contingently liable as a guarantor of loans, principally to affiliates, totaling ¥2,080 million ($19,112 thousand) at March 31, 2020.
The Group was contingently liable as a guarantor for a stock transfer agreement between third parties, totaling ¥6,111 million ($56,151 thousand) at March 31, 2020.
The Group was contingently liable as a guarantor of loans, principally to affiliates, totaling ¥2,685 million at March 31, 2019.
The Group was contingently liable as a guarantor for a stock transfer agreement between third parties, totaling ¥6,111 million at March 31, 2019.
Financial instruments and related disclosures
Overview
(a) Group policy for financial instruments
The Group limits its fund management to short-term time deposits and raises funds through borrowings from financial institutions, including banks. The Group uses derivatives for the purpose of reducing the risks described below and does not enter into derivatives for speculative or trading purposes.
(b) Types of financial instruments and related risk
Trade receivables (notes and accounts receivable) are exposed to credit risk in relation to customers.
Marketable securities and investment securities are exposed to the risk of market price fluctuations. Those securities are composed mainly of the shares of other companies with which the Group has business relationships.
Substantially all trade payables have payment due dates within one year.
Borrowings are taken out principally for the purpose of making capital investments, and certain long-term debt with variable interest rates is exposed to interest rate fluctuation risk. However, to reduce such risk for long-term interest-bearing debt at variable rates, the Group utilizes interest rate swap transactions as hedging instruments. Interest rate swaps that qualify for hedge accounting and meet specific matching criteria are not measured at fair value, but the differential paid or received under the swap agreements is recognized and included in interest expenses.
For derivatives, in order to reduce the foreign currency exchange rate risk arising from receivables and payables denominated in foreign curren- cies, the Group enters into forward foreign exchange contracts for specific receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies, mainly for aircraft purchase commitments. In addition, the Group enters into commodity derivative transactions such as swaps and options to mitigate fluctuation risk of the commodity prices of fuel and to stabilize operating profit.
1) Management of credit risks (risks such as breach of contract by customers)
The Group manages its credit risk from receivables on the basis of internal guidelines, which include monitoring of payment term and balances of major customers by each business administration department to identify the default risk of customers at an early stage.
As for derivatives, the Group believes that the credit risks are extremely low, as it enters into derivative transactions only with reputable financial institutions with sound credit profiles.
2) Management of market risks (fluctuation risks of foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates)
In order to reduce foreign currency exchange rate risks, the Group principally utilizes forward foreign exchange contracts for receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies. In order to mitigate the interest rate fluctuation risks related to debt, the Group utilizes interest rate swap transactions. In addition, the Group enters into commodity derivative transactions such as swaps and options to mitigate fluctuation risk related to commodity prices for fuel.
As for marketable securities and investment securities, the Group periodically reviews the fair values and the financial conditions of the issuers to identify and mitigate risks of impairment.
There are internal management regulations for derivative transactions which set forth transaction authority and limits on transaction amounts.
The Group enters into derivative transactions in accordance with such policies. Moreover, the Group reports plans and results of methods and ratios for offsetting risks at the quarterly meetings of the Board of Directors.
3) Management of liquidity risks related to financing (risks that the Group cannot meet the due dates of payables)
The Group manages liquidity risks by establishing a financial plan in order to procure and invest funds that are necessary for the operation of the Group over a certain period of time, in accordance with the Group’s business operating plan and budget.
(c) Supplementary explanation of the estimated fair value of financial instruments
The fair value of financial instruments is based on their quoted market price, if available. When there is no quoted market price available, fair
value is reasonably estimated. Since various assumptions and factors are reflected in estimating the fair value, different assumptions and factors
could result in different fair value estimates. In addition, the notional amounts of derivatives presented in Note 16 “Derivatives and hedging
activities” are not necessarily indicative of the actual market risk involved in derivative transactions. 137
(1) Dividends paid to shareholders
 Date of approval June 21, 2019
Resolution approved by
Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders
Type of shares
Common stock (*1)
Yen (Millions) Amount
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
Amount
Paid from Retained earnings
Yen
Dividends per share
U.S. dollars
Dividends per share
Shareholders’ cut-off date
March 31, 2019
Effective date
June 24, 2019
  ¥25,105
$230,680
$0.68
 (*1) The total amount of dividends does not include ¥9 million ($81 thousand) in dividends to be paid to the subsidiaries and affiliates. This is because the shares held by subsidiaries and affiliates are recognized as treasury stock.
(2) Dividends with a shareholders’ cut-off date within the current fiscal year but an effective date within the subsequent fiscal year
There are no applicable items.
The Companies Act requires that an amount equal to 10% of dividends must be appropriated as a legal reserve (a component of retained earnings) or as additional paid-in capital (a component of capital surplus), depending on the equity account charged upon the payment of such dividends, until the aggregate amount of legal reserve and additional paid-in capital equals 25% of the common stock. Under the Companies Act, the total amount of additional paid-in capital and legal reserve may be reversed without limitation. The Companies Act also provides that common stock, legal reserve, additional paid-in capital, other capital surplus, and retained earnings can be transferred among the accounts within equity under certain conditions upon resolution of the shareholders.
(b) Type and number of outstanding shares
As of March 31, 2020 Type of shares
Issued stock: Common stock
Total Treasury stock:
Common stock (*1, *2, *3) Total
Number of shares (Thousands)
Balance at beginning of year
Increase in shares during the year
Decrease in shares during the year
Balance at end of year
  348,498
–
–
348,498
348,498
–
–
348,498
13,868
125
15
13,978
13,868
125
15
13,978
     (*1) The increase of 125 thousand shares of treasury stock is the total of 8 thousand shares that the Company purchased from holders of fractional shares; and 116 thousand shares in the Company that were purchased by the Trust for Delivery of Shares to Directors.
(*2) The decrease of 15 thousand shares of treasury stock is the total of 0 thousand shares that the Company sold to the holders of fractional shares at their request; and 14 thousand shares in the Company that were sold by the Trust for Delivery of Shares to Directors.
(*3) Treasury stock includes 209 thousand shares held by the Trust for Delivery of Shares to Directors.
As of March 31, 2019 Type of shares
Issued stock: Common stock
Total Treasury stock:
Common stock (*1, *2, *3) Total
Balance at beginning of year
Increase in shares during the year
Decrease in shares during the year
– –
7 7
Balance at end of year
348,498 348,498
13,868 13,868
Number of shares (Thousands)
  348,498 – 348,498 –
13,866 10
13,866 10
    (*1) The increase of 10 thousand shares of treasury stock is 10 thousand shares that the Company purchased from holders of fractional shares.
(*2) The decrease of 7 thousand shares of treasury stock is the total of 0 thousand shares that the Company sold to the holders of fractional shares at their request; and 6
thousand shares that were sold by the Trust for Delivery of Shares to Directors.
(*3) Treasury stock includes 107 thousand shares held by the Trust for Delivery of Shares to Directors.
 136
¥75.00

 Financial / Data Section
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Estimated fair value of financial instruments
The carrying values of financial instruments on the consolidated balance sheet at March 31, 2020 and 2019, and their estimated fair values, are shown in the following tables. The following tables do not include financial instruments for which fair value cannot be reliably determined (Please refer to Note 2 below).
(c) Marketable securities and investment securities
The fair values of marketable and investment securities are measured at the quoted market price of the stock exchange for the equity instru- ments, and at the quoted price obtained from financial institutions for certain debt instruments. The information on the fair values of marketable and investment securities by classification is included in Note 4 “Marketable securities and investment securities” of the notes to the consoli- dated financial statements.
Liabilities
(a) Accounts payable
The carrying values of accounts payable approximate fair value because of their short maturities.
(b) Short-term loans
The carrying values of short-term loans approximate fair value because of their short maturities.
(c) Bonds
The fair value of bonds issued by the Company is measured at the present value of the total of principal and interest discounted by an interest rate determined by taking into account the remaining period of each bond and current credit risk.
(d) Long-term loans
The fair values of long-term loans are determined by discounting the cash flows related to the debt at the Group’s assumed corporate borrowing rate.
 As of March 31, 2020 Assets:
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable
Marketable securities and investment securities
Total assets Liabilities:
Accounts payable
Short-term loans
Bonds
Convertible bonds with stock acquisition rights Long-term loans
Total liabilities Derivatives*
As of March 31, 2019 Assets:
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable
Marketable securities and investment securities
Total assets Liabilities:
Accounts payable
Short-term loans
Bonds
Convertible bonds with stock acquisition rights Long-term loans
Total liabilities Derivatives*
As of March 31, 2020 Assets:
Cash and deposits
Notes and accounts receivable
Marketable securities and investment securities
Total assets Liabilities:
Accounts payable
Short-term loans
Bonds
Convertible bonds with stock acquisition rights Long-term loans
Total liabilities Derivatives*
Carrying value
Yen (Millions) Fair value
Differences
  ¥ 109,447
¥ 109,447
¥–
98,944
98,944
–
214,279
216,849
2,570
¥ 422,670
¥ 425,240
¥2,570
¥ 196,391
¥ 196,391
¥–
429
429
–
185,000
183,874
1,126
140,000
135,415
4,585
500,957
501,213
(256)
¥1,022,777
¥1,017,322
¥5,455
¥ (20,664)
¥ (20,664)
¥–
     Carrying value
¥ 68,301 187,529 313,745
¥569,575
¥229,712 336 145,000 140,000 484,713 ¥999,761 ¥ 15,639
Carrying value
Yen (Millions) Fair value
¥ 68,301 187,529 313,745 569,575
Differences
¥ – – – ¥ –
¥ – –
(3,798) (2,625) (9,525)
¥ (15,948) ¥–
Differences
2. Financial instruments for which it is extremely difficult to determine the fair value
As of March 31, 2020 Unlisted stocks
Yen (Millions)
¥23,076
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
$212,037
  2020
2019
¥32,234
  ¥ ¥
Because no quoted market price is available and the fair value cannot be reliably determined, the above financial instruments are not included in the fair value tables above.
3. The redemption schedule for receivables and available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities with maturities at March 31, 2020 and 2019 is summarized as follows:
  229,712 336 148,798 142,625 494,238 ¥1,015,709 ¥ 15,639
U.S. dollars (Thousands) Fair value
Yen (Millions)
 Due in
one year or less
Due in
one year or less
Due in
one year or less
Due after one year through five years
Due after five years through ten years
Due after ten years
Due after ten years
¥– – – – ¥–
Due after ten years
 As of March 31, 2020
Deposits
Notes and accounts receivable Held-to-maturity bonds
Other securities with maturities Total
As of March 31, 2019
Deposits
Notes and accounts receivable
Held-to-maturity bonds
Other securities with maturities
Total ¥480,435
Yen (Millions)
   ¥108,572
¥–
¥–
¥–
98,944
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
129,200
5,299
2,025
–
¥336,716
¥5,299
¥2,025
¥–
  $1,005,669
$1,005,669
$–
909,161
909,161
–
1,968,933
1,992,548
23,614
$3,383,763
$3,907,378
$23,614
$1,804,566
$1,804,566
$–
3,941
3,941
–
1,699,898
1,689,552
10,346
1,286,409
1,244,280
42,129
4,603,114
4,605,467
(2,352)
$9,397,932
$9,347,808
$50,124
$ (189,874)
$ (189,874)
$–
     ¥ 67,546 187,529 – 225,360
Due after one year through five years
¥– – – – ¥–
Due after five years through ten years
¥– – – 6,389 ¥6,389
    U.S. dollars (Thousands)
 * The value of assets and liabilities arising from derivatives is shown as a net value, and the amount in parentheses represents a net liability position.
As of March 31, 2020
Deposits
Notes and accounts receivable Held-to-maturity bonds
Other securities with maturities Total
Due after one year through five years
Due after five years through ten years
  $ 997,629
$–
$–
$–
909,161
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
1,187,172
48,690
18,607
–
$3,093,963
$48,690
$18,607
$–
Notes:
1. Methods to determine the estimated fair value of financial instruments and other matters related to securities and derivative transactions
Assets
(a) Cash and deposits
The carrying values of cash and deposits approximate fair value because of their short maturities.
(b) Notes and accounts receivable
The carrying values of notes and accounts receivable approximate fair value because of their short maturities.
  138
139

 Financial / Data Section
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
4. The redemption schedule for bonds, loans and other interest-bearing liabilities at March 31, 2020 and 2019 is summarized as follows:
Yen (Millions) Maturing after one year
¥– – – – – – ¥–
U.S. dollars (Thousands) Notional amount
    Yen (Millions)
As of March 31, 2019
Forward foreign exchange contracts:
Sell:
Buy: Total
As of March 31, 2020
Forward foreign exchange contracts:
Sell:
Buy:
Total
(2) Commodity-related transactions
As of March 31, 2020
Commodity (crude oil) swap contracts for accounts
payable, accounted for by the deferral method: Receive/floating and pay/fixed
Commodity (crude oil) option contracts, accounted by the deferral method:
Sell:
Buy: Total
As of March 31, 2019
Commodity (crude oil) swap contracts for accounts
payable, accounted for by the deferral method: Receive/floating and pay/fixed
Commodity (crude oil) option contracts, accounted by the deferral method:
Sell:
Buy: Total
As of March 31, 2020
Commodity (crude oil) swap contracts for accounts
payable, accounted for by the deferral method: Receive/floating and pay/fixed
Commodity (crude oil) option contracts, accounted by the deferral method:
Sell:
Buy: Total
Total
Fair value
¥– – 0 2 – 0 ¥2
Fair value
Notional amount
      As of March 31, 2020
Short-term loans
Bonds
Convertible bonds with stock acquisition rights Long-term loans
Total
Due in
one year or less
Due in
one year or less
¥ 336
Due in
one year or less
Due after one year through five years
Due after five years through ten years
Due after ten years
Due after ten years
¥– 40,000 – 41,219 ¥81,219
Due after ten years
USD
EUR – Other 166 USD 5,540 EUR –
¥–
  ¥ 429
¥–
¥–
¥–
20,000
30,000
70,000
65,000
–
140,000
–
–
84,057
228,056
138,900
49,944
¥104,486
¥398,056
¥208,900
¥114,944
      Yen (Millions)
Other
USD EUR Other USD EUR Other
Crude oil (Put) Crude oil (Call)
for
for
355 ¥6,061
Total
    As of March 31, 2019
Short-term loans
Bonds 30,000 Convertible bonds with stock acquisition rights – Long-term loans 77,883 Total ¥108,219
Due after one year through five years
¥– 50,000 70,000 239,514 ¥359,514
Due after five years through ten years
¥– 25,000 70,000 126,097 ¥221,097
Maturing after one
year
          $–
$–
$–
–
–
–
–
–
–
946
946
0
–
–
–
–
 –
 –
 $946
 $946
 $0
    As of March 31, 2020
Short-term loans
Bonds
Convertible bonds with stock acquisition rights Long-term loans
Total
Derivatives and hedging activities
Due after one year through five years
Due after five years through ten years
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
   $ 3,941
$–
$–
$–
183,772
275,659
643,204
597,261
–
1,286,409
–
–
772,369
2,095,525
1,276,302
458,917
$960,084
$3,657,594
$1,919,507
$1,056,179
 Yen (Millions) Maturing after one
    Notional amount
       ¥1,002
¥–
¥(423)
431
–
(99)
555
 –
 (54)
 ¥1,988
 ¥–
 ¥(576)
   16.
Total
Total
Total
year
year
Fair value
Fair value ¥–
–
– ¥–
Fair value
The Group operates internationally and is exposed to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and jet fuel prices. In order to manage these risks, the Group utilizes forward exchange contracts to hedge certain foreign currency transactions related to purchase commitments, principally of flight equipment, and foreign currency receivables and payables. Also, the Group utilizes interest rate swaps to minimize the impact of interest rate fluctuations related to outstanding debt. In addition, the Group also enters into a variety of swaps and options in its management of risk exposure related to jet fuel prices. The Group does not use derivatives for speculative or trading purposes.
The Group has developed internal hedging guidelines to control various aspects of derivative transactions, including authorization levels and transaction volumes. The Group enters into derivative transactions in accordance with these internal guidelines. Derivative and hedging transac- tions initiated by respective operational departments have been examined by the accounting department and these transactions, including their measures and ratios, are generally monitored by management on a quarterly basis. Assessment of hedge effectiveness is examined at inception and, on an ongoing basis, periodically.
The Group is also exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties in regard to derivative financial instruments; however, it is not expected that any counterparties will fail to meet their obligations, as the majority of the counterparties are internationally recognized financial institutions.
Summarized below are the notional amounts and estimated fair values of the derivative financial instruments outstanding at March 31, 2020 and 2019 for which hedged accounting has been applied.
for
           Crude oil (Put) Crude oil (Call)
Crude oil (Put) Crude oil (Call)
¥–
–
– ¥–
Yen (Millions) Notional amount
Maturing after one ¥– –
– ¥–
           (a) Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is not applied
U.S. dollars (Thousands) Notional amount
Maturing after one year
      $ 9,207
$–
$(3,886)
3,960
–
(909)
5,099
 –
 (496)
 $18,267
 $–
 $(5,292)
  (1) Currency-related transactions
As of March 31, 2020
Forward foreign exchange contracts:
Sell:
Buy: Total
Total
Yen (Millions) Notional amount
Maturing after one year
Fair value
         ¥–
¥–
¥–
–
–
–
–
–
–
103
103
0
–
–
–
–
 –
 –
 ¥103
 ¥103
 ¥0
  USD EUR Other USD EUR Other
Note: The calculation of fair value is based on the data obtained from financial institutions.
    140
141

 Financial / Data Section
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 (b) Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied
U.S. dollars (Thousands) Notional amount
Maturing after one year
   (1) Currency-related transactions
As of March 31, 2020
Forward foreign exchange contracts for accounts
receivable, accounted for by the deferral method: Sell:
Forward foreign exchange contracts for accounts payable, accounted for by the deferral method:
Buy:
Currency option contracts for accounts payable, accounted for by the deferral method:
Sell:
Buy:
Forward foreign exchange contracts,
accounted for as part of accounts receivable: Sell:
Forward foreign exchange contracts, accounted for as part of accounts payable:
Buy:
Currency swap contracts for accounts payable, accounted for as part of accounts payable:
Receive/USD and pay/JPY Total
As of March 31, 2019
Forward foreign exchange contracts for accounts
receivable, accounted for by the deferral method: Sell:
Forward foreign exchange contracts for accounts payable, accounted for by the deferral method:
Buy:
Currency option contracts for accounts payable, accounted for by the deferral method:
Sell:
Buy:
Forward foreign exchange contracts,
accounted for as part of accounts receivable: Sell:
Forward foreign exchange contracts, accounted for as part of accounts payable:
Buy:
Currency swap contracts for accounts payable, accounted for as part of accounts payable:
As of March 31, 2020
Forward foreign exchange contracts for accounts receivable, accounted for by the deferral method:
Sell: USD EUR
Other
Forward foreign exchange contracts for accounts payable, accounted for by the deferral method:
Buy: USD EUR
Total
Fair value
      $ 3,840
$–
$ (9)
–
–
–
–
–
–
3,305,586
1,316,429
110,106
4,594
–
(36)
156
–
(18)
426,380
282,054
(8,986)
470,688
311,467
19,875
2,003
–
(*)
–
–
(*)
55
–
(*)
87,007
–
(*)
1,019
–
(*)
9
–
(*)
–
 –
 (*)
 $4,301,341
 $1,909,960
 $120,940
  Total
Fair value
Yen (Millions) Maturing after one year
   Notional amount
      ¥ 418
¥–
¥ (1)
–
–
–
–
–
–
359,747
143,268
11,984
500
–
(4)
17
–
(2)
46,403
30,696
(978)
51,225
33,897
2,163
218
–
(*)
–
–
(*)
6
–
(*)
9,469
–
(*)
111
–
(*)
1
–
(*)
–
 –
 (*)
 ¥468,115
 ¥207,861
 ¥13,162
  USD EUR Other
USD EUR Other
USD (Put) USD (Call)
USD EUR Other
USD EUR Other
Currency option contracts for accounts payable, accounted for by the deferral method:
Sell:
Buy:
Forward foreign exchange contracts,
Other
USD (Put) USD (Call)
accounted for as part of accounts receivable:
Sell: USD
EUR Other
Forward foreign exchange contracts, accounted for as part of accounts payable:
Buy: USD EUR
Currency swap contracts for accounts payable, accounted for as part of accounts payable:
Receive/USD and pay/JPY Total
Other
   Note: Calculation of fair value is based on the data obtained from financial institutions.
(*) The estimated fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts is included in the estimated fair value of accounts payable, as the amounts in such derivative contracts
accounted for as part of accounts receivable and payable are aggregated with the receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies that are subject to hedge accounting. See Note 15 “Financial instruments and related disclosures” for additional information.
        Total
USD
EUR 0 Other 77
USD 334,460 EUR 188 Other 138
Yen (Millions) Notional amount
Maturing after one year
¥– – –
169,059 – –
32,274 29,221
– – –
– – –
– ¥230,554
Fair value
¥ (64) 0
0
7,843 (8)
(2)
1,575 (643)
(*) (*) (*)
(*) (*) (*)
(*) ¥8,701
(2) Interest-related transactions
As of March 31, 2020
Interest rate swap hedging long-term loans:
Receive/floating and pay/fixed
As of March 31, 2019
Interest rate swap hedging long-term loans:
Receive/floating and pay/fixed
As of March 31, 2020
Interest rate swap hedging long-term loans:
Receive/floating and pay/fixed
Yen (Millions) Maturing after one year
       Notional amount
  ¥ 6,165
Total
Total ¥111,253
Total
Fair value
Fair value (*)
Fair value
    ¥82,333
 ¥53,413
 (*)
   Yen (Millions) Maturing after one year
¥82,333
U.S. dollars (Thousands) Notional amount
Maturing after one year
   Notional amount
          USD (Put) USD (Call)
45,366 41,012
         $756,528
 $490,792
 (*)
  USD 302 EUR 48 Other 39
USD 17,931 EUR 999 Other 4
(*) Interest rate swap contracts are used as hedges and meet specific matching criteria, the net amount to be paid or received under the interest rate swap contract is added to or deducted from the interest on the long-term loans. The estimated fair value of interest rate swap contracts is included in the estimated fair value of long-term loans.
 (3) Commodity-related transactions
As of March 31, 2020
Commodity (crude oil) swap contracts for accounts payable, accounted for by the deferral method:
Receive/floating and pay/fixed
Commodity (crude oil) option contracts, accounted for
by the deferral method: Sell:
Buy:
Yen (Millions) Maturing after one year
   Notional amount
  Total
Fair value
    ¥ 69,132
¥27,453
¥(24,304)
33,121
15,468
(7,229)
42,798
 20,104
 (1,717)
 ¥145,051
 ¥63,025
 ¥(33,250)
  Receive/USD and pay/JPY
Total ¥446,729
–
         Crude oil (Put) Crude oil (Call)
 Total
 142
143

 Financial / Data Section
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Yen (Millions) Notional amount
Maturing after one year ¥29,073
17,211
21,989 ¥68,273
U.S. dollars (Thousands) Notional amount
Maturing after one year
As of and for the year ended March 31, 2020 Operating revenues:
Operating revenues from external customers
Intersegment revenues or transfers Total
Segment profit Segment assets Other items:
Depreciation and amortization
Amortization of goodwill
Increase in property and equipment and intangible assets
Other
Total
Yen (Millions) Adjustments
Consolidated
       ¥15,621
¥1,974,216
¥–
¥1,974,216
28,602
395,923
(395,923)
–
¥44,223
¥2,370,139
¥(395,923)
¥1,974,216
¥ 3,526
¥ 75,522
¥ (14,716)
¥ 60,806
25,276
2,577,468
(17,315)
2,560,153
262
175,739
–
175,739
–
4,006
–
4,006
141
352,325
(964)
351,361
As of March 31, 2019
Commodity (crude oil) swap contracts for accounts payable, accounted for by the deferral method:
Receive/floating and pay/fixed
Commodity (crude oil) option contracts, accounted for
by the deferral method: Sell:
Buy:
Total
As of March 31, 2020
Commodity (crude oil) swap contracts for accounts payable, accounted for by the deferral method:
Receive/floating and pay/fixed
Commodity (crude oil) option contracts, accounted for
by the deferral method: Sell:
Buy:
Crude oil (Put) Crude oil (Call)
Crude oil (Put) Crude oil (Call)
Total
¥ 74,591
34,350
44,114 ¥153,055
Total
Fair value ¥5,234
(445) 2,147 ¥6,936
Fair value
Notes:
1. “Other” refers to all business segments that are not included in the reportable segments, such as facility management, business support, and other operations.
2. Adjustments are as follows:
                        $ 635,229
$252,255
$(223,320)
304,337
142,129
(66,424)
393,255
 184,728
 (15,776)
 $1,332,821
 $579,114
 $(305,522)
  (a) Adjustments to segment profit consist of the elimination of intersegment transactions of ¥(9,979) million and corporate expenses of ¥(4,734) million.
(b) Adjustments to segment assets consist of long-term investments (investment securities and stocks of subsidiaries and affiliates) in consolidated subsidiaries of ¥157,553
million and eliminations of intersegment transactions of ¥(174,868) million.
(c) Adjustments to increase in property and equipment and intangible assets mainly consist of the elimination of intersegment transactions.
3. Segment profit is reconciled to operating income on the consolidated statement of income.
 Total
Note: The calculation of fair value is based on the data obtained from financial institutions.
Segment information
(a) Description of reportable segments
Air Transportation
¥1,728,645 85,772 Total ¥1,814,417
Yen (Millions) Reportable Segments
Travel Services
 As of and for the year ended March 31, 2019 Operating revenues:
Airline Related
Trade and Retail
¥122,454 28,225 ¥150,679 ¥ 3,706 61,019
1,354 114 1,156
Subtotal
¥2,043,687 363,206 ¥2,406,893 ¥ 178,046 2,679,049
159,305 4,031 374,013
Consolidated
¥2,058,312 – ¥2,058,312 ¥ 165,019 2,687,122
159,541 4,031 375,864
 Operating revenues from external customers
¥ 51,783 ¥140,805 239,268 9,941 ¥291,051 ¥150,746 ¥ 13,178 ¥ 606 148,288 60,163
4,496 507 28 – 1,838 241
 17.
Intersegment revenues or transfers
  The reportable segments of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries are components for which discrete financial information is available and whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Executive Committee to make decisions about resource allocation and to assess performance.
The Group’s reportable segments are categorized under “Air Transportation,” “Airline Related,” “Travel Services,” and “Trade and Retail.”
The “Air Transportation” segment conducts domestic and international passenger operations, cargo and mail operations, and other transporta- tion services. The “Airline Related” segment conducts air transportation-related operations, such as airport passenger and ground handling services and maintenance services. The “Travel Services” segment conducts operations centering on the development and sales of travel plans. It also conducts planning and sales of branded travel packages using air transportation. The “Trade and Retail” segment conducts mainly import and export operations of goods related to air transportation and is involved in in-store and non-store retailing.
(b) Methods of measurement for the amounts of sales, profit, assets, and other items for each reportable segment
The accounting policies of the reportable segments are substantially the same as those described in Note 3 “Summary of significant accounting policies.”
Segment performance is evaluated based on operating income or loss. Intersegment sales and transfers are based on current market prices.
Other
Yen (Millions) Adjustments
Segment profit Segment assets Other items:
Depreciation and amortization
Amortization of goodwill
Increase in property and equipment and intangible assets
As of and for the year ended March 31, 2019 Operating revenues:
¥
160,556 2,409,579
152,948 3,889 370,778
  ¥14,625 26,333 Total ¥40,958
Total
¥2,058,312 389,539 ¥2,447,851 ¥ 180,321 2,702,483
159,541 4,031 374,282
¥– (389,539) ¥(389,539) ¥ (15,302) (15,361)
–
– 1,582
Operating revenues from external customers
Intersegment revenues or transfers
  (c) Information about sales, profit, assets, and other items
Notes:
1. “Other” refers to all business segments that are not included in the reportable segments, such as facility management, business support, and other operations.
2. Adjustments are as follows:
As of and for the year ended March 31, 2020 Operating revenues:
Operating revenues from external customers
Intersegment revenues or transfers Total
Segment profit Segment assets Other items:
Depreciation and amortization
Amortization of goodwill
Increase in property and equipment and intangible assets
Air Transportation
Airline Related
Trade and Retail
Subtotal
million and eliminations of intersegment transactions of ¥(186,419) million.
(c) Adjustments to increase in property and equipment and intangible assets mainly consist of the elimination of intersegment transactions.
Yen (Millions) Reportable Segments
Travel Services
(a) Adjustments to segment profit consist of the elimination of intersegment transactions of ¥(8,937) million and corporate expenses of ¥(6,365) million.
(b) Adjustments to segment assets consist of long-term investments (investment securities and stocks of subsidiaries and affiliates) in consolidated subsidiaries of ¥171,058
Segment profit Segment assets Other items:
Depreciation and amortization
Amortization of goodwill
Increase in property and equipment and intangible assets
¥ 2,275 23,434
236 – 269
 3. Segment profit is reconciled to operating income on the consolidated statement of income.
  ¥1,658,763
¥ 49,804
¥134,759
¥115,269
¥1,958,595
78,974
249,629
9,237
29,481
367,321
¥1,737,737
¥299,433
¥143,996
¥144,750
¥2,325,916
¥ 49,550
¥ 18,144
¥ 1,393
¥ 2,909
¥ 71,996
2,305,293
147,275
42,405
57,219
2,552,192
168,296
5,323
553
1,305
175,477
3,889
3
–
114
4,006
343,476
6,200
258
2,250
352,184
 As of and for the year ended March 31, 2020 Operating revenues:
Operating revenues from external customers
Intersegment revenues or transfers Total
Segment profit Segment assets Other items:
Depreciation and amortization
Amortization of goodwill
Increase in property and equipment and intangible assets
Air Transportation
Airline Related
U.S. dollars (Thousands) Reportable Segments
Travel Services
Trade and Retail
Subtotal
   $15,241,780
$ 457,631
$1,238,252
$1,059,165
$17,996,829
725,663
2,293,751
84,875
270,890
3,375,181
$15,967,444
$2,751,382
$1,323,127
$1,330,056
$21,372,011
$ 455,297
$ 166,718
$ 12,799
$ 26,729
$ 661,545
21,182,514
1,353,257
389,644
525,764
23,451,180
1,546,411
48,911
5,081
11,991
1,612,395
35,734
27
–
1,047
36,809
3,156,078
56,969
2,370
20,674
3,236,092
    144
145

 Financial / Data Section
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
As of and for the year ended March 31, 2020 Operating revenues:
Operating revenues from external customers
Intersegment revenues or transfers Total
Segment profit Segment assets Other items:
Depreciation and amortization
Amortization of goodwill
Increase in property and equipment and intangible assets
(d) Information about geographical areas
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
18.
Selling, general and administrative expenses
The main components of selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 are as follows:
  Other
Total
Adjustments
Consolidated
  $143,535
$18,140,365
$–
$18,140,365
262,813
3,637,995
(3,637,995)
–
$406,349
$21,778,360
$(3,637,995)
$18,140,365
$ 32,399
$ 693,944
$ (135,220)
$ 558,724
232,252
23,683,432
(159,101)
23,524,331
2,407
1,614,802
–
1,614,802
–
36,809
–
36,809
1,295
3,237,388
(8,857)
3,228,530
  Yen (Millions)
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
 2020
2019
¥105,678 12,813 39,760 7,913 3,462 24,828
2019
¥3,285.46 331.04
  ¥103,495
11,830
39,446
3,879
3,329
27,616
$950,978
108,701
362,455
35,642
30,588
253,753
  Net sales to third parties by countries or areas grouped according to geographical classification for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 are summarized as follows:
19.
Commissions
Advertising
Employees’ salaries and bonuses
Provision for accrued bonuses to employees Retirement benefit expenses
Depreciation
Amounts per share
Amounts per share at and for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 are as follows:
Net assets per share Net income per share
 Yen (Millions)
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
Total
Total ¥1,997
Total
Total
Total
¥ 4,031 ¥51,132
Total
 2020
2019
¥1,676,226 382,086 ¥2,058,312
Yen
U.S. dollars
2020
  ¥1,631,052
343,164
¥1,974,216
$14,987,154
3,153,211
$18,140,365
Japan Overseas Total
Notes:
1. “Overseas” consists substantially of the Americas, Europe, China and Asia.
2. Net sales of “Overseas” represents sales made in countries or areas other than Japan.
(e) Information about impairment loss on long-lived assets
2020
  ¥3,171.80
82.66
$29.14
0.75
   Notes: 1. Net income per share assuming full dilution is not disclosed as the Company had no potentially dilutive shares outstanding during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019. 2. The basis for calculating net income per share is as follows:
Yen (Millions)
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
   ¥ 27,655
–
¥ 27,655
334,559
$ 254.11
–
$ 254.11
334,559
For the year ended March 31, 2020 Impairment loss
For the year ended March 31, 2019 Impairment loss
For the year ended March 31, 2020 Impairment loss
Air Transportation
Air Transportation
¥–
Air Transportation
Airline Related
Airline Related ¥1,997
Airline Related
Travel Services
Trade and Retail
Other
Other
Other
Other
Other
Other
Adjustments
Adjustments ¥–
Adjustments
Adjustments
Adjustments ¥–
¥–
Adjustments
– ¥110,777 334,632
Yen (Millions) ¥1,109,313
Yen (Millions) Reportable Segments
Years ended March 31
Net income attributable to common shareholders
Amount not attributable to common shareholders
Net income attributable to common stock
Weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the fiscal year (in thousands)
3. The basis for calculating net assets per share is as follows:
As of March 31
Net assets
Amounts deducted from total net assets:
Non-controlling interests
Net assets attributable to common stock at the end of the fiscal year
Number of shares of common stock at the end of the fiscal year used to determine net assets per share (in thousands)
2020
2020
2019 2020 ¥110,777
  ¥22,665
¥2,494
¥–
¥–
¥–
¥–
¥25,159
  Yen (Millions) Reportable Segments
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
 Travel Services ¥–
Trade and Retail ¥–
¥–
2019 2020 (9,900)
  ¥1,068,870
(7,842)
¥1,061,028
334,519
$9,821.46
(72.05)
$9,749.40
334,519
  U.S. dollars (Thousands) Reportable Segments
¥1,099,413 334,629
 Travel Services
Trade and Retail
  $208,260
$22,916
$–
$–
$–
$–
$231,177
  (f) Information about amortization and the remaining balance of goodwill
The average number of shares of the Company held by the Trust for Delivery of Shares to Directors for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 were 173 thousand and 108 thousand, respectively. The shares held by the trust were deducted from the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during each of the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019.
The number of shares of the Company held by the Trust for Delivery of Shares to Directors at March 31, 2020 and 2019 were 209 thousand and 107 thousand, respectively. The shares held by the trust were deducted from the number of shares of common stock at the end of each of the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, which were used to determine net assets per share.
Supplementary cash flow information
A reconciliation of the difference between cash and deposits stated in the consolidated balance sheet at March 31, 2020 and 2019 and cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows is as follows:
As of and for the year ended March 31, 2020 Amortization of goodwill
Balance at the end of the fiscal year
As of and for the year ended March 31, 2019 Amortization of goodwill
Balance at the end of the fiscal year
As of and for the year ended March 31, 2020 Amortization of goodwill
Balance at the end of the fiscal year
Air Transportation
Air Transportation
¥ 3,889 ¥50,557
Air Transportation
Airline Related
Airline Related ¥28 ¥3
Airline Related
Travel Services
Trade and Retail
Yen (Millions) Reportable Segments
  ¥ 3,889
¥3
¥–
¥114
¥–
¥–
¥ 4,006
¥24,003
¥–
¥–
¥458
¥–
¥–
¥24,461
   Yen (Millions) Reportable Segments
20.
Travel Services ¥– ¥–
Trade and Retail ¥114 ¥572
¥– ¥–
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
   Yen (Millions)
 U.S. dollars (Thousands) Reportable Segments
2020
2019
  ¥109,447
(31,120)
129,200
(71,590)
¥135,937
$1,005,669
(285,950)
1,187,172
(657,814)
$1,249,076
Travel Services
Trade and Retail
Cash and deposits
Time deposits with maturities of more than three months Marketable securities
Marketable securities with maturities of more than three months Cash and cash equivalents
¥ 68,301 (26,103)
225,360 (55,720)
¥211,838
  $ 35,734
$27
$–
$1,047
$–
$–
$ 36,809
$220,554
$–
$–
$4,208
$–
$–
$224,763
    146
147

 Financial / Data Section
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   21.
Impairment loss
The Group reviewed its long-lived assets for impairment for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019. As a result, the Group recognized impairment losses of ¥25,159 million ($231,177 thousand) and ¥1,997 million, included in other expenses, for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The details are as follows:
23.
Subsequent events
1. Conclusion of a commitment line contract
The Company entered into a short-term commitment line agreement with the terms described below on April 28, 2020.
For the year ended March 31, 2020
Application
Assets expected to be sold Others
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
(a) Counterparty
(b) Total commitment
(c) Amount of drawdown
(d) Contract date
(e) Assets pledged as collateral or guarantees
2. Borrowing of funds
Main domestic financial institution ¥350,000 million ($3,216,024 thousand) None
April 28, 2020
None
 Location
Miami, Florida
Peach Aviation Limited
Category
Machinery, lease assets, and other assets
Goodwill
Total
Yen (Millions)
Impairment loss
  ¥ 2,494
22,665
¥25,159
$ 22,916
208,260
$231,177
  Note: The Group grouped its operating assets for impairment testing based on management accounting categories, and also grouped lease assets, assets to be disposed of by sale and idle assets on an individual basis. Business assets in Miami, Florida were written-down to recoverable amounts, based on the updated business plan. As a result, an impairment loss of ¥2,494 million ($22,916 thousand) was recognized. Details are as follows: ¥1,767 million ($16,236 thousand) for machinery, ¥693 million ($6,367 thousand) for lease assets, and ¥32 million ($294 thousand) for other assets.
Also, goodwill for Peach Aviation Limited, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, were written-down to recoverable amounts,based on their value in use. As a result, an impairment loss of ¥22,665 million ($208,260 thousand) was recognized.
The recoverable amount of these assets was measured at its net selling price or their value in use. The net selling price is determined by estimates of selling cost and selling price. The value in use is calculated by discounting the future cash flows at discount rates of 11.5%.
The Company has executed loans from Development Bank of Japan Inc.
For the year ended March 31, 2019
Application
Assets expected to be sold
Location
Miami, Florida
Category
Machinery, lease assets and other assets
Total
Yen (Millions)
¥1,997 ¥1,997
(a) Use of funds
(b) Counterparty
(c) Loan amount
(d) Interest rate
(e) Execution date
(f) Repayment date
(g) Assets pledged as collateral or guarantees
Working capital
Development Bank of Japan Inc.
¥350,000 million ($3,216,024 thousand)
Floating rates
May 28, 2020 and June 29, 2020
Long-term period determined by individual negotiation Existent
    22.
Supplementary information for the consolidated statement of income
(a) Write-downs of inventories
Inventories were valued using prices after write-downs of book value due to a decrease in net selling value. Write-downs of inventories included in cost of sales are as follows:
Note: The Group grouped its operating assets for impairment testing based on management accounting categories, and also grouped lease assets, assets to be disposed of by sale and idle assets on an individual basis. Business assets in Miami, Florida were written-down to recoverable amounts, based on the updated business plan. As a result, an impairment loss of ¥1,997 million ($17,992 thousand) was recognized. Details are as follows: ¥1,433 million ($12,911 thousand) for machinery,
¥410 million ($3,694 thousand) for intangible assets, ¥49 million ($441 thousand) for lease assets, and ¥103 million ($928 thousand) for other assets.
The recoverable amount of the above assets was measured at its net selling price as determined by estimates of selling cost and selling price.
     Note: Figures in parentheses represent gains from the reversal of write-downs.
(b) Other income (expenses), net
Gain on sales of investment securities
Compensation payments received
Valuation loss on investments in securities
Litigation settlement fees related to anti-trust law claims Other
Other income (expenses), net
Yen (Millions)
2020
¥1,181
Yen (Millions)
2019
¥5,779
2019
¥ – 6,810 –
(6,423) 1,577 ¥ 1,964
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
$10,851
U.S. dollars (Thousands)
2020
 2020
  ¥ 1,122
17,897
(853)
–
(3,599)
¥14,567
$ 10,309
164,449
(7,837)
–
(33,069)
$133,850
  148
149

 Financial / Data Section
Independent Auditor’s Report
    150
151

 Financial / Data Section
Independent Auditor’s Report
Glossary
 Passenger Business Terms
Available Seat-Kilometers (ASK)
A unit of passenger transport capacity, analogous to “production capacity.” Total number of seats x Transport distance (kilometers).
Revenue Passenger-Kilometers (RPK)
Total distance flown by revenue-paying passen- gers aboard aircraft. Revenue-paying passengers x Transport distance (kilometers).
Load Factor
Indicates the seat occupancy ratio (status of seat sales) as the ratio of revenue passenger- kilometers to available seat-kilometers. Revenue passenger-kilometers / Available seat-kilometers.
Yield
Unit revenues per revenue passenger-kilometer. Revenues / Revenue passenger-kilometers.
Unit Revenues
Quantitatively measures revenue management performance by showing unit revenues per available seat-kilometer (Revenues / Available seat-kilometers). Calculated as yield (Revenues / Revenue passenger-kilometers) x load factor (Revenue passenger-kilometers / Available seat-kilometers).
Unit Cost
Indicates cost per unit in the airline industry. Calculated as cost per available seat-kilometer.
Revenue Management
This management technique maximizes revenues by enabling the best mix of revenue-paying passengers through yield management that involves optimum seat sales in terms of optimum timing and price based on network and fare strategy.
Optimizing Supply to Demand
Involves flexibly controlling production capacity (available seat-kilometers) according to demand trends in ways such as increasing or decreasing the frequencies on routes and adjusting aircraft size.
Cargo Business Terms
Available Ton-Kilometers (ATK)
A unit of cargo transport capacity expressed as “production capacity.” Total cargo capacity (tons) x Transport distance (kilometers).
Revenue Ton-Kilometers (RTK)
Total distance carried by each revenue-paying cargo aboard aircraft. Revenue-paying cargo (tons) x Transport distance (kilometers).
Freighter
Dedicated cargo aircraft. Seats are removed from the cabin space where passengers would normally sit, and the space is filled with contain- ers or palletized cargo.
Belly
The space below the cabin on passenger aircraft that is used to transport cargo.
Okinawa Cargo Hub & Network
The ANA Group’s unique cargo network. With Okinawa (Naha) Airport as an international cargo hub, the network uses late-night connecting flights in a hub and spoke system servicing major Asian cities.
Airline Industry and Company Terms
IATA
The International Air Transport Association. Founded in 1945 by airlines operating flights primarily on international routes, functions include managing arrival and departure slots at airports and settling receivables and payables among airline companies. Approximately 290 airlines are IATA members.
ICAO
The International Civil Aviation Organization. A specialized agency of the United Nations created in 1944 to promote the safe and orderly develop- ment of international civil aviation. More than 190 countries are ICAO members.
Star Alliance
Established in 1997, Star Alliance was the first and is the world’s largest airline alliance. ANA became a member in October 1999. As of July 2020, 26 airlines from around the world are members.
Code-Sharing
A system in which airline alliance partners allow each other to add their own flight numbers on other partners’ scheduled flights. The frequent result is that multiple companies sell seats on one flight. Also known as jointly operated flights.
Antitrust Immunity (ATI)
Granting of advance approval for immunity from competition laws when airlines operating international routes cooperate on planning routes, setting fares, conducting marketing activities, or other areas, so that the airlines are not in violation of the competition laws of such countries. In Japan, the United States, and South Korea, the relevant department of transportation grants ATI based on an application (in countries other than these three, it is common for a bureau such as a fair trade commission to be in charge), but in the European Union the business itself performs a self-assessment based on the law. ATI approval is generally based on the two conditions that the parties do not have the power to control the market and approval will increase user convenience.
Joint Venture
A joint business in the international airline industry between two or more airlines. Restrictions such as bilateral air agreements between countries and caps on foreign capital investments still exist in the international airline industry. Therefore, airlines form ATI-based joint ventures, instead of the commonly known methods used in other industries such as capital tie-ups and M&As, etc. By forming joint ventures, airlines in the same global alliance are able to offer travelers a broader, more flexible network along with less expensive fares, thus strengthen- ing their competitiveness against other alliances (or joint ventures).
Full Service Carrier (FSC)
An airline company that serves a wide range of markets based on a route network that includes code-sharing connecting demand. FSCs offer multiple classes of seats and provide in-flight food and beverages that are included in advance in the fare paid. FSCs are also called network carriers or legacy carriers when compared with low cost carriers (LCCs).
Low Cost Carrier (LCC)
An airline that provides air transportation services at low fares based on a low-cost system that includes using a single type of aircraft, charging for in-flight services, and simplifying sales. Fundamentally, LCCs operate frequent short- and medium-haul point-to-point flights (flights between two locations).
Maintenance, Repair, and Overhaul
(MRO) Business
A business that is contracted to provide aircraft maintenance services using its own maintenance crew and other personnel, along with dedicated facilities. Services include the maintenance, repair, and overhaul of aircraft and other equip- ment owned by airlines.
Dual Hub Network Strategy
A strategy for using the two largest airports in the Tokyo metropolitan area (Haneda and Narita) for different yet complementary strategic aims and functions. At Haneda, which offers excellent access from central Tokyo, the strategy targets overall air travel demand in the Tokyo metropoli- tan area, including the outskirts of Tokyo, as well as demand for connecting flights from various Japanese cities to international routes that harness ANA’s existing domestic network. Meanwhile, at Narita the strategy aims to capture transit demand for travel between third countries via Narita, focusing on Trans-Pacific travel between North America and Asia / China. This will be accomplished by upgrading and expanding the international network and enhancing connect- ing flights by setting efficient flight schedules.
       152
153

 Financial / Data Section
Market Data
International Passenger Market
Global Air Transportation Passenger Volume by Region
Foreign Visitor Arrivals / Number of Japanese Overseas Travelers
Domestic Passenger Market
Number of Domestic Passengers and LCC Share
For further information, Fact Book 2020 can be downloaded from the ANA Group corporate website in PDF format. https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/investors/irdata/annual/
Top 10 Airports in Japan by Number of Passengers
        RPK (Billions)
9,000
6,000
3,000
3,011 8,679
3,000
     00
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (CY) (Right) Asia-Pacific Europe North America Middle East Latin America Africa
(Left) Total
2,320 1,932 2,000
1,000
786
442
185
  Ranking
Airport Tokyo (Haneda)
(Thousands)
81,707
100,000
      1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
Tokyo (Narita) Osaka (Kansai) Fukuoka Sapporo (New Chitose) Okinawa (Naha) Osaka (Itami) Nagoya (Chubu) Kagoshima Sendai
39,541 28,663
 0
23,035
22,814 20,613
15,765 12,590
5,769 3,718
20,000 40,000
60,000
80,000
Number of Passengers on Domestic Operations Number of Passengers on International Operations
 Number of Passengers (Thousands)
100,000
80,000
60,000
40,000
20,000
LCC Share (%)
20
16
12
8
4
00 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
(Left) Full Service Carriers LCCs (Right) LCC Share
 (Millions)
32
24
16
8
0
Foreign Visitor Arrivals
2016 2017 2018
Japanese Overseas Travelers
27.76 18.13
2019 (FY)
                 2014 2015
Source: International Air Transport Association (IATA), 2020
Foreign Visitor Arrivals by Country / Region
Source: Japan National Tourism Organization (JNTO), 2020
Source: Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism, fiscal 2019
ANA Domestic Passenger Business: ASK, RPK, and Number of Passengers
Note: Compilation from reports on Status of Airport Operations, fiscal 2019 Source: Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism, fiscal 2019
ANA’s Top 10 Domestic Scheduled Flights by Number of Passengers
    Others 14.2%
 FY2019
Malaysia 1.6% Vietnam 1.7% Australia 2.1% The Philippines 2.2% Thailand 4.3% U.S.A. 5.6%
Hong Kong 7.7% South Korea 14.3%
China 30.4%
Taiwan
15.8%
27.76
(–12.2% YoY)
million
Composition
 (Millions)
80,000
60,000
40,000
20,000
(Thousands)
60,000
 42,916
  39,502
58,552 45,000 30,000
15,000
 00
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY)
  (Left) RPK ASK (Right) Number of Passengers
Ranking
(FY2019) Route
(Thousands)
3,741 3,543
2,836 2,688
3,000
       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
 Haneda–New Chitose Haneda–Fukuoka Haneda–Itami Haneda–Okinawa Haneda–Hiroshima Haneda–Matsuyama Haneda–Kansai Haneda–Nagasaki Haneda–Kagoshima 10 Haneda–Kumamoto
0
1,165 971
883 783 765
729
1,000 2,000
4,000 5,000
   Note: Figures include revenue passengers on ANA flights and code-share flights operated by partner airlines.
Source: Japan National Tourism Organization (JNTO), 2020
Shares by Alliance (RPK)
Share of Passengers on Domestic Operations by Airline
         Star Alliance
Oneworld SkyTeam Others
42.1%
24.9%
16.8% 16.2%
53.6%
16.0% 13.3%
17.1%
Domestic
46.2%
21.7%
15.6% 16.5%
Total
International
   21%
33%
44%
Number of Passengers (Total)
+6.1%
25%
33%
42%
  FY2015 96,059 thousand
ANA JAL Others FY2019 101,872 thousand
154
155
Source: International Air Transport Association (IATA), 2020
Note: Figures for ANA exclude Vanilla Air Inc. and Peach Aviation Limited.
Sources: 1. Figures for ANA, JAL: The companies’ annual securities reports (consolidated basis)
2. Figures for total: Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism, a preliminary report for fiscal 2019

 156
157
Financial / Data Section
ANA-Operated International Routes
Stockholm Dusseldorf
Vancouver
Seattle San Francisco
Los Angeles San Jose
London Paris
Brussels Frankfurt
Vienna Munich
Moscow Istanbul
Chennai
Vladivostok Seoul
Shenyang
Osaka routes
Dalian
Singapore Jakarta
Sapporo (New Chitose)
Beijing Qingdao
Shanghai Hangzhou
Hong Kong
Osaka (Kansai)
Seoul (Incheon)
Tokyo (Narita) Tokyo (Haneda)
Milano
Chengdu Hangzhou
Delhi Hong Kong
Mumbai Phnom Penh
Shanghai Wuhan
Chicago Houston
Mexico City
Yangon Hanoi Bangkok
Ho Chi Minh City Kuala Lumpur
Manila
Haneda routes
Narita routes
Haneda / Narita routes
Beijing Qingdao
Dalian
New York Washington, D.C.
Xiamen Taipei Shenzhen Guangzhou
Honolulu
Peach Aviation-Operated Routes
Perth
Sydney
Niigata Fukuoka
Kushiro
Sendai
Osaka (Kansai)
Okinawa (Naha)
Haneda Narita
Bangkok
MiyazakiNagasaki Shanghai
Taipei (Taoyuan)
Kagoshima
Amami Oshima
Hong Kong Kaohsiung
Ishigaki
セブ
Note: Including routes suspended due to COVID-19 Compilation by ANA HOLDINGS INC. (As of September 1, 2020)

 Financial / Data Section
Social Data
Human Resources Data (ANA)
Number of employees (As of March 31 of each year)
Number of employees hired overseas (As of March 31 of each year)
Average age of employees (As of March 31 of each year) Average years worked (As of March 31 of each year)
Ratio of female managers
(As of April 1 of each year, excluding individuals 60 years old and over)
Ratio of female directors (As of April 1 of each year)
Number of employees on pregnancy or childcare leave / Male (As of March 31 of each year)
Number of employees on nursing care leave (As of March 31 of each year)
Ratio of employees with disabilities*1 (As of June 1 of each year)
Environmental Data
WEB
See the ANA Group corporate website for more: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/data/
   Unit People
People
Years Years
%
% People
People %
2016
12,859 1,387 36.0
10.0 12.2 10.5
586/5
12 2.32 66
63.1 75.2
22.9 4.9
13.4 0.9
2017
13,518 1,454 37.4
13.3 13.3 10.5
545/13
14 2.38 109
69.1 69.8
19.4 4.0
14.9 1.2
2018
13,982 1,475 37.4
13.8 13.9 10.0
587/19
15 2.49 82
70.2 72.0
19.1 3.9
15.7 1.3
2019
14,242 1,442 37.5
14.2 14.6 11.9
629/20
16 2.57 111
72.9 72.6
17.2 3.7
11.1 1.4
2020
14,830 1,464 38.0
13.6 15.2 13.3
645/29
10 2.68 69
72.5 73.0
16.7 3.1
12.9 1.0
Climate Change Countermeasures
(FY)
Carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions
Unit 10,000 tons
2015
1,074
1,062 (1,005) (57)
11.5
1,065 8.3
0.1*3 1.05
414 408 5.5
16.4 8.3
148 64.9
—
2016
1,126
1,114 (1,058) (56)
11.8
1,118 8.3
0.4*3 1.00
434 428 5.5
8.8 29.4
155 66.0
—
2017
1,161
1,148 (1,097) (50)
13.5
1,152 9.2
0.4*3 0.96
448 441 6.5
5.3 5.0
162 69.5
—
2018
1,156
1,143 (1,098) (45)
13.2
1,147 8.9
150.4*2 0.97
446 439 6.4
9.4 28.8
183 75.9
—
2019
1,246
1,233 (1,196) (37)
12.6
1,237.5 8.4
418.1*1 1.01
480 474 6.3
2.7 31.7
199 81.2
70.3
The following data represents ANA Group environmental performance. Fiscal 2019 data includes performance for Peach Aviation and Vanilla Air.
     Total
 [Breakdown] Aircraft
Passenger
Cargo
Ground equipment and vehicles
[Scope 1/2/3] Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3
                 Aircraft CO2 emissions per RTK Total energy consumption
kg-CO2
   Work-related accidents (As of March 31 of each year)
Ratio of employees with healthy BMI*2 (As of March 31 of each year)
Male %
Female % Ratio of employees that smoke (As of March 31 of each year)
Male %
Female % Employee obesity rate*3 (As of March 31 of each year)
Male %
Female %
Total
Crude oil equipment: 10,000 kl Aircraft energy consumption
Ground energy consumption
           Ozone depletion (ANA only)
Fluorocarbon (Aircraft)
Halon kg
         *1 Total of ANA HOLDINGS INC., ANA, and qualified ANA Group companies (total of 11 companies including 1 special subsidiary)
*2 Ratio of employees with BMI of 18.5%–25.0%
*3 Changing calculation standards from 2018
Before 2017: Ratio of employees receiving guidance from designated healthcare professionals 2018 and later: Ratio of employees meeting criteria for metabolic syndrome
Fuel-efficient aircraft*4
Number of fuel-efficient aircraft
kg
Aircraft %
%
  Ratio of fuel-efficient aircraft (ANA-brand jet aircraft only)
  See the following webpage for more about the 37th Yen-Based Bond (Social Bond), issued in May 2019: https://www.anahd.co.jp/group/en/pr/201904/20190417.html
Flight-Related Data (All Passenger Flights on ANA International and Domestic Services)
Ratio of fuel-efficient aircraft (Including Peach Aviation, Vanilla Air)
*1 Scope 3 data for FY2019 is calculated in all categories.
*2 Scope 3 data for FY2018 is calculated in categories 2–4, 6, 7, and assured. *3 Scope 3 data for FY2015–2017 is calculated in categories 6, 7, and assured. *4 Boeing 777, 787, 737-700, -800, Airbus A320neo, and A321neo
  (FY) Unit
2015 2016 2017
98.9 98.9 98.8 90.6 87.6 86.1 88.0 85.4 84.0
2018
98.2 88.4 86.5
2018
105,723
62.4 34.8 2.7
45.8 19.8 16.5 17.8
2019
97.4 88.7 87.5
2019
117,628
59.5 37.9 2.7
42.3 21.1 16.6 20.1
See the following webpage for more about the 36th Yen-Based Bond (Green Bond), issued in October 2018: https://www.anahd.co.jp/group/en/pr/201809/20180928.html
 In-service rate
On-time departure rate*4 On-time arrival rate*4
*4 Delays of 15 minutes or less, excluding canceled flights
Customer-Related Data
(FY)
Number of customer feedback reports
[Breakdown by route type] Domestic
International
Other
[Breakdown by report type]
Complaint Compliment Comment / Request Other
% % %
Unit
% % %
% % % %
2015
73,688
46.1 39.5 14.5
35.8 21.2 26.1 16.9
2016
73,892
48.3 37.4 14.3
43.4 16.8 21.5 18.3
2017
114,273
56.0 40.1 3.9
41.1 18.5 20.8 19.5
Resource Savings
(FY)
Waste produced
Total [Breakdown]
Unit
1,000 tons
2015
28.9
22.4 2.9 3.6
4.7
51.5 6.3
2016
36.8
28.7 3.0 5.1
4.6
57.8 7.2
2017
37.5
31.5 2.6 3.4
4.0
61.4 9.4
2018
34.3
28.4 2.7 3.2
3.2
61.1 8.6
2019
32.6
26.9 2.5 3.2
3.1
59.6 9.2
            General waste (Cabin waste and sewage included) General waste (Ground waste included)
Industrial waste
        Total paper consumption
Total water consumption Clean water Non-potable water
1,000 tons
10,000 kl 10,000 kl
          158
159

 Financial / Data Section
The ANA Group Profile
ANA HOLDINGS INC. Organization (As of July 1, 2020)
Corporate Data (As of March 31, 2020)
 Audit & Supervisory Board Members Office
Corporate Profile
Trade Name
Date of Foundation Head Office
Number of Employees Paid-In Capital
Fiscal Year-End Number of Shares of Common Stock
Number of Shareholders Stock Listing
Ticker Code
ANA HOLDINGS INC. December 27, 1952
Shiodome City Center, 1-5-2 Higashi-Shimbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-7140, Japan
45,849 (Consolidated) ¥318,789 million March 31
Authorized: 510,000,000 shares Issued: 348,498,361 shares 519,317
Tokyo
9202
Administrator of Register of Shareholders
Independent Auditor American Depositary
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited (Stock Transfer Agency Department) 1-4-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC Receipts Ratio (ADR:ORD): 5:1 Exchange: OTC (Over-the-Counter) Symbol: ALNPY
CUSIP: 032350100 Depositary:
The Bank of New York Mellon 240 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10286, U.S.A. Tel: 1-201-680-6825
U.S. Toll Free: 1-888-269-2377 (888-BNY-ADRS)
URL: https://www.adrbnymellon.com
     General Meeting of Shareholders
Corporate Communications and Branding
 General Administration
  Internal Audit Division
 Corporate Sustainability
 Executive Secretariat
  Chairman
Government & Industrial Affairs
 Board of Directors
  President & Chief Executive Officer
  Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Legal & Insurance
 Human Resources Strategy
  Audit & Supervisory Board
Group Management Committee
D&I Promotion
 Group IT Management
  Group ESG Management Promotion Committee
Digital Design Lab
 Corporate Planning
 Corporate Strategy
Finance, Accounting
 Business Development
 Finance, Accounting & Investor Relations
  Business Management
 Facilities Planning
       Scope of This Report
High
 Reported in this report
Reported
on the website
Annual Report (Hard Copy and PDF)
PDF version https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/investors/irdata/annual/
For Further Information (Website)
Corporate Profile https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/about-us/ Investor Relations https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/investors/ Sustainability https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/
 Management priorities
High
Fact Book 2020
Fact Book 2020 can be downloaded from the Company’s corporate website in PDF format. This document contains financial data and information on the domestic and international markets and LCC status. https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/investors/irdata/annual/
Number of Subsidiaries and Affiliates (As of March 31, 2020)
 Operating segment
Total of subsidiaries
  Total of affiliates
 of which, consolidated
of which, equity method
of which, equity method
 Air Transportation
 6
 5
 —
 4
 1
 Airline Related
 48
 37
 —
 5
 2
 Travel Services
  5
  5
  —
  3
  1
 Trade and Retail
61
8
—
3
1
 Others
 8
 7
 1
 30
 10
 Total
  128
  62
  1
  45
  15
 Major Subsidiaries (As of March 31, 2020)
 Company name
 Amount of capital (¥ Millions)
 Ratio of voting rights holding (%)
 Principal business
 Air Transportation
 ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS CO., LTD.
 25,000
 100.0
 Air transportation
   Air Japan Co., Ltd.
         50
         100.0
      Air transportation
   ANA WINGS CO., LTD.
  50
      100.0
  Air transportation
  Peach Aviation Limited
7,515
77.9
Air transportation
 Airline Related
    ANA Cargo Inc.
    100
       100.0
    Cargo operations
   Overseas Courier Service Co., Ltd.
  100
      91.5
  Express shipping business
  ANA Systems Co., Ltd.
80
100.0
Innovation and operation of IT systems
 Travel Services
    ANA Sales Co., Ltd.
  1,000
  100.0
  Planning and sales of travel packages, etc.
 Trade and Retail
 ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS TRADING Co., Ltd.
  1,000
  100.0
  Trading and retailing
   160
161
Note: No specified wholly owned subsidiaries as of the end of the fiscal year under review.
This report contains statements based on the ANA Group’s current plans, estimates, strategies, and beliefs; all statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward- looking statements. These statements represent the judgments and hypotheses of the Group’s management based on currently available information. Air Transportation Business, the Group’s core business, involves government-mandated costs that are beyond the Company’s control, such as airport utilization fees and fuel taxes.
In addition, conditions in the markets served by the ANA Group are subject to significant fluctuations. Factors that could affect actual results include, but are not limited to, economic trends, sharp changes in exchange rates, fluctuations in the price of crude oil, and disasters.
Due to these risks and uncertainties, the Group’s future performance may differ significantly from the contents of this report. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the forward-looking statements in this report will prove to be accurate.
ANA HOLDINGS INC.
Shiodome City Center, 1-5-2 Higashi-Shimbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-7140, Japan Investor Relations E-mail: ir@anahd.co.jp
Forward-Looking Statements
Contact
Stakeholders’ priorities

 