 Sustainability Initiatives
MATERIAL ISSUES
Human Rights
  ANA Group ESG Commitments
Responsibility to respect human rights: Based on the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, make every effort to promote the respect of human rights.
Promote responsible procurement and supply-chain management: Manage and promote environment-conscious procurement with respect to human rights and build a fair and transparent supply chain.    Basic Approach
The ANA Group has been working to ensure human rights in accordance with the global standards provided in the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. In April 2016, we established the ANA Group Policy on Human Rights. We based this policy on the International Bill of Human Rights (the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the two International Covenants), the International Labour Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact, and the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. We also encourage our contrac- tors and suppliers to adopt similar policies.
We will continue human rights initiatives, recognizing that respect for human rights lies at the very foundations of the philosophy of the SDGs.
Issuing the Human Rights Report
The ANA Group issued our first Human Rights Report in Japan in 2018, aiming to promote communication with stakeholders through active dissemination of our initiatives to respect human rights. The Group has continued to issue these reports annually since then.
Major Initiatives
In 2016, we conducted a review to identify potential risks to human rights related to business activities across the ANA Group and at all locations where we serve. Our evaluation identified the following four key issues for risk prevention. Note that though we conducted a re-assessment to identify risks in 2019 based on advice from outside experts, we confirmed that there are no changes at present to the four existing key issues, as follows.
Prevent the Use of Airplanes in Human Trafficking
After conducting training for all ANA cabin attendants, we began a program in April 2019 to report potential cases of human trafficking found in-flight to ground facilities.
In 2020, we conducted another human trafficking prevention program to raise awareness among all ANA cabin attendants. The program covered international protocols, notification pro- cedures from within the aircraft, and other response measures.
Stakeholder Engagement
Communication with Our Employees
To deepen an understanding of respect for human rights, we conduct education and awareness activities through in-house training for new employees and newly appointed managers.
In addition, we have been conducting annual e-learning courses for all Group employees as of fiscal 2015. The topic of the fiscal 2019 e-learning course was to leave no one behind. The course was available to approximately 44,000 employees, of which 92% participated.
Involving Business Partners
We inform all contractors and suppliers of the ANA Group Purchasing Guidelines. We work together to ensure their work- place environments uphold respect for human rights.
Note that we are preparing to revise the ANA Group Purchasing Guidelines with the cooperation of third-party insti- tutions to ensure even more responsible procurement.
Please visit our corporate website for more: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/human_rights/
Eradicate Corruption
We emphasize preventive measures in regions considered relatively high-risk among the countries served by the ANA Group.
Following Southeast Asia in 2018, we held seminars on competition and anti-bribery laws in China in 2019 for ANA Group employees and employees on overseas assignments.
Local Dialogue Overseas (Thailand)
We recognize that the fisheries industry in Thailand presents potential human rights risks in the ANA Group supply chain.
In June 2019, we visited Thailand for the purpose of under- standing the state of migrant workers and learning about the response to issues in the fishing industry. We performed local on-site visits and exchanged views with international institu- tions, local NGOs, and others.
In October, we visited a company involved in the production of in-flight meals for ANA flights departing from Thailand. There, we conducted interviews about initiatives related to traceability and exchanged views with local NGOs and others.
    Exchange of views with local NGOs in October @Caux Round Table Japan
  58
59