 Sustainability Initiatives
MATERIAL ISSUES
Diversity and Inclusion
  ANA Group ESG Commitments
Human resources development to support sustainable growth: Develop human resources and a sustainable work environment in which employees raise their productivity.
Responding to the Diversity of Our Customers: Respect the needs and diversity of each customer, and promote universal services in both products and servicesCreating an Environment for Customer Comfort (Facility Legacy of Diversity)
We will continue to create services, facilities, and equipment offering even greater comfort and convenience in any scenes, from pre-departure through arrival.
     Basic Approach
Population demographics are changing in Japan and our customers continue to diversify globally. In this environment, continuing to be chosen and trusted by customers will be crucial for the future of ANA Group growth.
We will accelerate initiatives aimed at providing world-class inclusive and universal services in an effort to fulfill our responsibility as a public transportation entity and build an inclusive society in which everyone can live together.
Implementation Structure
One pillar of our corporate strategy is the FY2018–2022 Universal Service Strategy, which calls for us to respect the diversity of each customer and provide ANA Group services that every customer can enjoy comfortably and with peace of mind.
We carry out initiatives to improve our facilities and services, while at the same time, we identify issues in any scenes, from pre-departure through arrival, and implement action plans to improve convenience in every scenario.
Websites
Create accessible website environments for all to use, regardless of disabilities
Airports (Facilities)
Installation of low counters at 50 airports in Japan / Wider boarding gates
Creating a Society with Accessibility for All
Beyond air transportation, ANA plans to leverage MaaS* as a mechanism to improve accessibility and convenience for all customers. Universal MaaS is a service that enables customers who are hesitant to travel, due to disability, age, or other reason to enjoy travel without stress. The service facilitates seamless transportation by providing information on public transportation fares, barrier-free connection routes, and so on. The system also shares and links customer location information and
Airports (Information)
Remote sign-language services at counters / Morph resin wheelchairs
Aircraft
ANA-original in-flight wheelchairs (available in all aircraft) / Wheelchair-accessible restrooms on selected narrow-body aircraft
necessary assistance information with and among relevant organizations.
In June 2019, ANA started an industry–academic– government joint project with Keikyu Corporation, Yokosuka City, and Yokohama National University. Here, we began proof- of-concept tests for customers traveling in wheelchairs. We will continue to work together with our stakeholders, aiming to launch social implementation by the end of fiscal 2020.      Facility strategy
Comply with laws and regulations, as well as implement accessible websites, airports, and aircraft on-board facilities and equipment
Service strategy
Encourage the barrier-free mindsets through stronger education, training, and systems and benefits for all employees
In-flight
     60
61
Pre-departure
Major Initiatives
Airport
Arrival
   For Customers to Experience Air Travel Comfortably and with Peace of Mind
In July 2019, we launched the “Assistance Information Registration Service” to receive and store information for cus- tomers in our ANA Mileage Club member database who need special assistance. The system saves customers the time and effort of providing the details of the assistance required every time they make a reservation. In turn, this facilitates smooth reservation procedures.
Joint Press Conference
* Mobility as a Service (MaaS): Integration of various forms of transport services into a single mobility service on demand.
 Information Stored
• Walking ability
• Information on wheelchair to be checked in (manual, electric, foldable or
non-foldable, size, spare battery)
• Whether or not you have a visual / hearing impairment
• Medical equipment to be used on board the aircraft
• Assistive equipment to be loaned requiring special arrangement
• Assistance required at the airport or on board, etc.
Proof-of-Concept Test
 
Sustainability Initiatives
 DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
Human Resource Development to Drive Barrier-Free Mindset Practices
(Service Legacy of Diversity)
We have implemented a range of initiatives to ensure that every employee embraces a barrier-free mindset in society and that allows us to offer world-class inclusive and universal services.
We are creating skies that value and welcome all people through programs that eliminate fear of air travel for special needs school students, as well as through ongoing education for employees.
Promoting Universal Services through Group Businesses
  ANA Wing Fellows Vie Oji: Diverse Human Resources Shine and Excel
ANA Wing Fellows Vie Oji was established in June 1993 and was accredited as a special subsidiary under the Act on Employment Promotion, etc. of Persons with Disabilities in December 1993. Since then, the company has operated busi- nesses in diverse locations, business types, and with diverse human resources. At the same time, we have pursued diverse work styles in the ANA Group, serving as a leader of diversity and inclusion. Guided by the vision that all employees are valuable, this company contributes to increasing the corporate value of the ANA Group.
  Manufacturing and External Sales Business
Airline-Related Business
This business supports the Group through various services, including management of ANA uniforms, mileage-related services, and digital management of aircraft maintenance records.
   The company provides hospitality and high-quality customer service through a bakery division, convenience store operations center, and the ANA Wonderful Day Café.
The ANA Aoshima Factory produces and sells hand made paper and woodwork products under its own brand name, using raw materials from the Miyazaki area to introduce Aoshima to the world.
Hands-On Open Seminar for Universal Services
Participants interact with the elderly and persons with disabili- ties to learn about issues from the perspectives of those concerned.
Universal Service Refresher Training
We provide e-learning education four times every year to raise the level of the universal services pursed by the Group.
   ANA’s Sora-Pass Classes
We provide a Sora-Pass* class for children who are not used to traveling on aircraft. Here, children learn the boarding process from the airport to the cabin of the aircraft. In 2019, we launched an ANA Sora-Pass class (boarding support class) for students using wheel- chairs and students with developmental disabilities. ANA Group employees visit schools and teach classes to students who use ANA flights for school travel to alleviate the anxieties about air travel.
* Sora-Pass: Air Travel PassportUniversal Standard Consulting: Leveraging Strengths for New Value
We established the Universal Standard Consulting business unit in August 2016. The unit provides consulting services to spread the adoption of universal environments inside and outside the ANA Group. The unit suggests high-quality universal standards based on the perspectives and sensibilities of people with disabilities and our own ANA’s heartfelt service. Specifically, the unit verifies equipment at airports and on aircraft, as well as organizes workplace environment seminars for ANA Group employees. The unit also inspects hotels and accommodation facilities, in addition to promoting the employ- ment of visually impaired persons.
 