 Sustainability Initiatives
MATERIAL ISSUES
Regional Revitalization
  ANA Group ESG Commitments
Utilizing innovation to solve social issues: Provide new value through avatars, drones, MaaS, etc., and cooperate with different industries
Regional revitalization: Contribute to regional revitalizationPlease visit our corporate website for more: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/regional_creation/
Expand Directly Related Populations through Cross-Industry Collaboration Proof-of-Concept Test for Air Ticket Subscription Service Utilizing Vacant Seats
We are implementing initiatives to expand reach to directly related populations, including promoting lifestyles rooted in multiple bases, promoting workcations, and creating second hometowns. Our intent here is to solve population declines in outlying regions, population density in the Tokyo metropolitan area, and other social issues. We hope to support lifestyles that take advantage of ever-expanding work styles and lifestyles due to the shift to remote work caused by COVID-19.
In January 2020, we launched a proof-of-concept test for
Materials about the ANA collaboration with ADDress Co., Ltd.
an air ticket subscription service utilizing vacant seats in and between regional routes. Our concept here is to support the expanding work styles and lifestyles for people who have established multiple bases while traveling between the Tokyo metropolitan area and rural areas, or from one rural area to another. We are working with ADDress Co., Ltd., a company that offers unlimited flat-rate residence services across Japan using vacant homes in rural areas.
Creating New Travel Value through Journey+
   Basic Approach
Japan is famous for its traditional culture and tourism attractions. On the other hand, Japan faces concerns about falling populations in rural areas and the gradual decline of traditional industries. The ANA Group works together with corporations, NGOs, NPOs, local governments, and others in order to develop long-term demand for the Air Transportation Business, as well as to expand the ANA economic sphere (including Non-Air Business).
In addition, we will contribute to regional revitalization through tourism promotion in this era of the new normal by providing informa- tion about tourist area safety and security.
Implementation Structure
The ANA Group Regional Revitalization Meeting, under the Tourism Development section of ANA Marketing and Sales, organically integrates initiatives across Group companies to maximize impact. This meeting is responsible for advancing strategies that promote tourism for regional revitalization.
We have established and
operate the Journey+ plat-
form to connect users and
local communities. Journey+
builds communities based
on the keywords of business
succession issues, resolution
of regional social issues, regional revitalization, and taking on new challenges. Under this platform, we visit innovators and leaders active in a given region to consider the real social issues facing that area.
 Group Photo: Journey+ in Southern Kyushu
 Promoting Domestic and International Tourism via ANA Group-Operated Flights
              ANA Sales Domestic Offices
Government Agencies
ANA Tourism Development
Tourism Promotion
Tourism Strategies
ANA HOLDINGS INC.
ANA Group Regional Revitalization Meeting
ANA Strategic Research Institute ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS TRADING ANA Sales
ANA Business Solutions
ANA Cargo
ANA department overseas HQs, Offices Group companies
Actions
Secondments, consulting, surveys, etc.
ANA Group advertising media, hometown tax, merchandising, etc. Travel package planning, promotion, and sales
Provide ANA Group expertise
Expansion of export regional / local products
Marketing and promotions for inbound tourism Cross-organizational initiatives
       Major Initiatives
Regional Revitalization through Tourism Promotion
• Offer consulting services leveraging ANA Group human resources • Discover and market tourism resources throughout Japan
• Develop, distribute, and sell local products
• Establish systems to host foreign visitors to Japan
• Stage promotional campaigns involving air transportation services
• Promote domestic / international tourism via ANA flights
• Develop training programs incorporating ANA Group expertise
• Expand directly related populations through cross-industry collaboration • Leverage innovation to resolve social issues
Social Contribution
In April 2018, we launched Japan Travel Planner, a travel infor- mation website for visitors to Japan. This website is a part of our efforts to attract travelers to visit Japan and revitalize local economies. As of fiscal 2019, Japan Travel Planner has grown into an important communication platform for passengers arriving from overseas, offering information on more than 800 tourist spots in 11 languages. The website hosts more than 600,000 site visitors on average monthly. We encourage tour- ists to visit many different parts of Japan through a seamless connection with the ANA flight booking website.
Utilizing Innovation to Solve Social Issues
Using Avatars to Build New Regional Communication Infrastructure
avatarin Inc., the first-ever start-up launched by ANA HOLDINGS, is engaged in the avatar business. This business contributes to regional revitalization by offering communications that bridges physical distances and new infrastructure. During the 2020 Golden Week holidays and in cooperation with Oita Prefecture, avatarin Inc. installed a newme remote-controlled robot at three locations in the Oita Funai Gobangai Shopping Street. This robot offers the opportunity to experience remote shopping. Even in
To encourage inbound tourist (mainly longer-term travelers from Europe and the U.S.) to visit other areas within Japan, we are collaborating with online travel agents* to offer activities and sharing economy services passengers can enjoy during their stay.
We are also pursuing cooperation with various areas over- seas, and we will continue to contribute to the revitalization of local economies by stimulating inbound tourist demand.
* Travel agencies doing business solely online
situations where cross-prefecture travel is made difficult due to COVID-19, these avatars enable shopping from anywhere in the country, contributing to greater local sales.
Shopping with the newme avatar
 64
65