Business Foundations Supporting Corporate Value
Human Resources
Sustainable Growth Focused on and Inspired by Our People
Employee diversity is what enables us to bring the Group’s power to bear.
Basic Approach to Human Resources
Human resources are the greatest asset of the ANA Group. Our people are the source of our ability to respond flexibly, to overcome challenges, and to grow sustainably, even in an environment that changes significantly. We are building stronger mechanisms to create new value, leveraging our people as the source of our capabilities to achieve our vision of becoming the world’s leading airline group in customer satisfaction and corporate value improvement.
Establishing a Mechanism for Sustainable Growth Focused on and Inspired by Our People
Promoting Diversity and Inclusion
Under our Diversity and Inclusion Declaration (“D&I Declaration”), the ANA Group seeks to become a corporate group that allows every employee to exercise their strengths fully and to expand those strengths to their maximum potential.
  Diversity & Inclusion Declaration
We will:
• Consider Diversity & Inclusion as the source of innovation and value the diversity of our employees.
• Endeavor to create a workplace where each person can fully demonstrate his or her strengths.
• Create an ANA Group where each person can work with spirit and purpose, to generate unwavering trust and constant innovation.
Diversity
Inclusion
Innovation
  Enhanced Basic QualityEnhanced ProductivityGenerating InnovationImproved
Customer SatisfactionImproved Corporate Value
  Human Resources
Promoting ANA’s Way
We strive to instill an understanding of our Mission Statement and Management Vision, developing and evolving ANA’s Way as an ingrained part of our corporate culture. We also encour- age organizational and human development on an ongoing basis to manifest the ANA Group identity.
Major Measures
Sustainable Growth
In 2019, we reorganized the ANA’s Day Training for all group employees, returning to our founding philosophy of hardship now, yet hope for the future and wakyo (close cooperation). We also hold discussions for the sustainable growth of the ANA Group.
Establishing a Group D&I Promotion Department
In conjunction with our D&I Declaration in April 2015, we estab- lished a dedicated organization within the Human Resources Department to promote the active participation of diverse human resources. This organization promotes environmental improvement, fosters culture, and encourages changes in paradigms. In April 2020, we established the new Group D&I Promotion Department, aiming to strengthen our D&I promo- tion function.
In addition to the diversity of attributes such as age, nation- ality, gender, and disability, we respect diversity of viewpoints and beliefs arising from values and experiences not physically observable. We continue to strengthen our mechanism for promoting D&I throughout the Group and in our culture to leverage diversity as a strength that drives greater reform.
We will accelerate new value creation by helping employees work with greater enthusiasm and fulfillment, generating inno- vation and improving productivity.
Major MeasuresDiversity and Inclusion (D&I)Ease of Work Fulfillment of WorkANA’s Way
Digital
     Improved Engagement
            72
73