Health Management
The ANA Group announced the ANA Group Health Management Declaration in April 2016. We believe that our employees are the engine that drives sustainable growth together with society, and that our employees are who embody the motto, Trustworthy, Heartwarming, Energetic!.
The ANA Group has appointed a Chief Wellness Officer who is a director responsible for Group health management. We also appoint Wellness Leaders at each Group company. Through this leadership, the ANA Group ensures that Group employees, companies, and health insurance associations work in unison for health management.
We encourage Quality of Life (QOL) and improved corporate value through employees who engage in their work in physical health, mental health, and passion.
In fiscal 2020, ANA HOLDINGS INC. was selected as a Certified Health & Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program (White 500) Company for the fourth con- secutive year. ANA AIRPORT SERVICES Co., Ltd. was selected for the second consecutive year, and ANA Osaka Airport Co., Ltd. was selected for the first time. Seven other Group companies were selected as Certified Health & Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program companies, reflecting how the Group presses forward together in pursuit of initiatives.

Four Perspectives on ANA Group Health Management:
Developing an Environment Encouraging a Long Career in the ANA Group
The ANA Group is focused on the following four priority measures. We maintain and improve the physical and mental health of our employees through regular situational monitoring and by analyzing / responding to positive impact and challenges.

Mental Health Initiatives
As the social environment changes and causes rapid changes in the working environment, healthy minds become an even more important factor in the quality of life and work. The ANA Group has introduced measures in line with the four types of mental health care described
in the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare’s Guidelines for Maintaining and Improving Workers’ Mental Health.
Care through External Consultation Desks
Care through Occupational Health Staff
Care by Line Supervisors
Self-Care
 Consultations through external specialistsHealth consultations though industrial physicians / nursesManagers address mental health problems, including workplace environment and active communication improvementsSelf-awareness through stress checks, voluntary consultations