Encouraging Work-Style Reforms and Kaizen
To promote D&I and health management, as well as to build an environment in which people can work with enthusiasm, it is essential
that we transform the awareness and work styles of all employees.
The ANA Group strives to improve productivity, driven by the commitment of management. We use the time saved to transform
operations with new ideas and promote the work–life balance of every employee.

Encouraging Telework
We are creating a culture in which every employee can play an active role, and in which organizations and individuals maxi- mize results. We are working to evolve toward flexible, diverse ways of working that are not limited to specific times or places.
We implemented a telework system for office work in 2010, introducing virtual desktop environments. In January 2017,
we expanded the scope of places, eligible employees, and number of work days related to telework. We continue to intro- duce a variety of measures encouraging telework, including a special hometown telework program we adopted in fiscal 2019.
As a result, we were able to transition smoothly to telework, even during the COVID-19 pandemic. The situation has led to a review of work styles and details from new perspectives.
Encouraging Kaizen
We are working to establish kaizen as a style of work within the ANA Group. This process of continuous improvement is designed to find and resolve problems in daily work, creating room to breathe mentally and increase time for customers and employees.
We have implemented kaizen in ANA operations depart- ments, our head office, and the Marketing & Sales Department. We have also expanded these activities to overseas branches.
Nearly 3,000 initiatives were conducted to eliminate waste, inconsistency, and overburden (muri, mura, muda) in our oper- ations. Our employees are taking bold, voluntary steps to create a comfortable office environment and an efficient work structure.
We will continue to integrate kaizen and innovation strategi- cally to create new customer value and evolve toward smart ways of working.

We established an implementation structure for each group company and department to eliminate waste, inconsistency, and overburden (muri, mura, muda) hidden in work and work- places, as well as to promote kaizen activities. In addition to continuing an action-based approach of trying new methods and improving old methods, we will continue to pursue human resources education.

The Kaizen Award: A Forum for Lateral Deployment of Good Practices
The Kaizen Award aims to provide a summary of kaizen activities for the year, commend good practices, and deploy these practices laterally to the entire Group.
In fiscal 2019, overseas branch activities received commendations for superior practices, which have been expanded as global activities. Superior practices were shared from not only the front lines but also from administrative departments. These ideas have also resulted in work-style reform.