Human and Organizational Capital: Employee Satisfaction
 ●Training system chart
Support for achieving a balance between work and
family life
To support employees in balancing work and childcare or nursing care, we have introduced various programs including a system of transfer to a position to work in a specific area with no relocation and a teleworking system, in addition to legally required systems such as a childcare/ nursing care leave system, a reduced working hour system and a system of leave for taking care of sick or elderly family members. We also support men in taking part in childcare actively and encourage male employees to take a childcare leave by, for example, allowing them to take the leave partly with pay. We also give support for the return
to work from a childcare leave such as the introduction of nursery schools operated by companies.
●Number of male employees who took childcare leave by year
New employees to
2nd-year employees
3rd to 5th-year employees
Career development period
Mid-level class
Management staff
Senior management
Retirement
New employee training
Basic technical training
Training for evolution
Career design
  Leader / manager seminars Management seminar
MBA / external study in Japan
 Global seminar
Information security, compliance, harassment training
 Leadership improvement, presentation skill improvement, facilitation training
Programs to
support the acquisition of official qualifications, distance learning, language education, etc.   FY2017 FY2018
FY2019
1 11 22
  VOICE Comment from a male employee who took childcare leave
     To ensure that all employees can demonstrate their abilities to the fullest with enthusiasm
I had heard from a senior employee before that our company is encouraging men to take childcare leave and my wife and I hoped that I could take it when our child was born. When my first child was born and I informed my superior of it, he first asked me whether I needed to take childcare leave or not, which allowed me to make up my mind to take it. After the schedule for the leave was decided, my colleagues also gave me full support and I was able to take leave with no problem.
Through the childcare leave, I directly learned how hard it is to raise a child, which renewed my awareness of it. I was also able to share the same recognition with my wife. Thus, it was a very precious time for me.
I believe that it is highly significant for both individuals and the company that the number of male employees who take childcare leave continues to rise and people participate in work and childcare irrespective of sex.
 Establishment of an environment where people can work with a sense of security
To encourage employees to take annual paid holidays, we started to grant annual paid holidays in a planned manner and introduced a system of paid holidays that can be taken by the hour. We also have other systems such as a refreshment leave given as a reward for many years of service (20, 30 and 40 years), three-day summer holidays and anniversary leave.
In the event that employees need to take a leave of absence due to non-work related injury or illness, we grant the annual paid holidays for the last ten years that have expired as special leave. We have also established a welfare system to partially compensate for the income loss of employees who have become unable to work for a long time due to injury or illness.
Health and productivity management
We set up the Health Care Office as a department dedicated to helping executives and employees maintain and improve their health and promoting health and productivity management in April 2019. To become a company where all executives and employees are physically and mentally healthy and work energetically
("Well-Being company"), we issued a "health declaration" while we were certified as a 2020 Health and Productivity Management Organization (Large Enterprise Category) in March 2020.
Diversity
Setting mutual respect as a basis in our management principles, we promote the fair appointment of human resources irrespective of sex, nationality or whether they have disabilities or not. We are actively committed to the creation of workplaces where diverse human resources can make the fullest use of their personality and capabilities through such initiatives as the employment of persons with disabilities and international students with foreign nationalities as well as career training for female employees.
●Employment rate of persons with disabilities
Yuuki Matsunami
Engineer, AI・IoT Development Division, Research and Development Headquarters
Measures to address harassment issues
To prevent sexual and other forms of harassment including abuse of authority and discrimination against pregnant employees, we send messages of top management and clarify our basic policy to never allow any forms of harassment. We have set up consultation counters on and off the company premises to address the matter and also conduct regular questionnaire surveys to check whether there is any harassment in the workplace. Moreover, we continuously provide training to enhance awareness of the prevention of harassment.
Further enhancement of engagement
To ensure that employees are motivated to perform their tasks with enthusiasm, it is important to provide a proper environment. We conduct an Employee Satisfaction Survey every year and analyze the results to understand the achievements and challenges and make the working environment more comfortable based on them.
The results of the survey in fiscal 2019 showed high scores in loyalty to the company, and pride in jobs and motivation, which indicated very good relationships with superiors and colleagues.
On the other hand, many employees recognized the decision making speed and why they should stop and consider the work slowly as challenging items. We are discussing and practicing various measures for improvement. In the medium-term business plan launched in fiscal 2020, we set "Further enhancement of engagement" as a basic policy and are com mitted to further improvement of employee satisfaction.
Employee satisfaction level (4-point scale)
   FY2017 1.77%
FY2018 2.20%
FY2019 2.26%
VOICE
●
   