As an environmental creator, our Group is creating technologies, products and services that help realize a low-carbon and sustainable society and putting them into effect in society. While checking our activities to ensure they can contribute to the achievement of SDGs, we will aim for the goals in 2030 together with society.
In the field of energy value chain technologies, we focus on the development of systems to provide one- stop services to optimize the management of buildings throughout their life cycle while also being committed to the commercialization of the system to store, transmit and use the low-temperature waste heat that is conventionally discarded, as well as hydrogen utilization technologies and biomass utilization technologies. In the fields of resource recycling technologies and technologies to provide an advanced environment, we work to develop energy- saving technologies that help reduce CO2 emissions and technologies for water purification and organic solvent recovery systems. In the field of technologies to reform the production system, we are committed to the use of BIM technologies in construction sites, which also leads to internal reforms of work styles, as well as research and development aimed at the improvement of intellectual productivity in offices. The use of AI and IoT is aggressively promoted with the recognition that they are essential for the achievement of the above-mentioned targets.
We will advance our commitment to creating these businesses through the functions of the Innovation Center in research and development and incubation, as well as
integration with our Group, and develop green technologies*
that will contribute to the global environment in the future.
* Green technologies are environmental technologies that contribute to the global environment

The funds of 5.0 billion yen procured from the Takasago Thermal Green Bonds have been entirely allocated as funding for the construction and facilities of the Takasago Thermal Engineering Innovation Center, our new R&D base that was completed in February 2020 and started operation in March of the same year, as of the end of March 2020. If there is any significant change in the conditions in the future, we will disclose the outline of the funded eligible projects, the amount allocated to the projects and the unallocated amount on our website as needed.
(2) Environmental improvement effects
The Innovation Center adopts photovoltaic and biomass power generation as renewable energy sources, in addition to various energy-saving methods, and procures green electricity from the Aqua Premium plan of TEPCO to meet any additional demand for commercial electricity to achieve the target of establishing a carbon-free building with zero CO2 emissions while CO2 emissions from a standard building used for comparison are 1,115 tons-CO2 per year. We plan to disclose the results of the environmental improvement effects on our website from the next fiscal year.
(Acquired environmental certification)
CASBEE for Building (New Construction) (2016 edition): S rank (self-assessment); BELS: 5 star (reduction of design primary energy consumption by 91%); Nearly ZEB; LEED V4 BD+C (NC): Gold; CASBEE-WO 2020 (V1.0): S rank