  Technical development for refrigerant piping work Development and dissemination of an aluminum refrigerant piping system
Intellectual property management
As of the end of March 2020, the number of patents, etc. we own is 773 (including patents, utility models, designs and trademarks), which is the largest in the HVAC industry. Among them, the number of patents is 497, which account for two-thirds of the total, comprising 477 domestic patents and 20 overseas patents. In addition to patents concerning quality improvement and energy saving in the design and construction of HVAC systems, which is our main business, we are aggressively working to acquire patents of unique technologies in our new business fields. We are also
Intellectual property management structure
Located in the Takasago Thermal Engineering Innovation Center, the Intellectual Property Management Office has in place an internal system to cooperate directly with the research and development departments and also with the main office and branches via contact personnel. The office has also established a system to work together with patent offices in relevant technological fields and law firms specializing in IP-related conflicts.
Prevention of technology leakage
Since technological know-how on design, procurement and construction is an important management asset for engineering companies, we are also involved in the establishment of internal rules for security management of technological know-how to prevent the leakage and misuse of the know-how accumulated on a daily basis. The dissemination of the rules in the sites, etc. is promoted via the contact and other personnel.
Protection of new technologies
The improvement of productivity in design, procurement and construction to compensate for the lack of labor is
promoting initiatives to use the patents we have acquired not only for our solutions but also for open innovation and to grant them to other companies.
 To reduce CO2 emissions, we developed a brazing method for aluminum refrigerant piping to be used in multi air conditioning systems for buildings while we had also developed structural members of aluminum refrigerant pipes, mechanical joints for aluminum refrigerant piping and branch pipe units for aluminum refrigerant piping for the system. Starting the use of the method in all offices in April 2019, we have introduced it into nine buildings in total so far. In addition, we participated in the APEA Equipment Performance Examination Committee of the Aluminium
Plumbing Equipment Association (APEA) to prepare technical materials for the adoption of aluminum refrigerant piping in cooperation with equipment manufacturers, etc. In the APEA Construction Subcommittee, we also combined the know- how of the members to formulate construction guidelines that outline the issues to be noted in the aluminum refrigerant piping work. In the future, we will disseminate this system while ensuring its quality and performance based on those technical materials.
Number of patents, etc. owned
(As of the end of FY2020)
Number of patents acquired
(As of the end of FY2020)
  773
497   Installation of aluminum refrigerant pipes
Installation of mechanical joints for aluminum refrigerant piping
a challenge for the construction industry as a whole. We work to obtain intellectual property rights in line with the dissemination of new technologies. When we have produced results from the development of a new technology that can be a foothold for an advance into a new business field, we obtain their intellectual property rights from the perspective of competitive advantage over other companies. We are also engaged in the activities of other companies to introduce new technologies as well as the evaluation of new technologies.
Establishment of business models and support for intellectual property contracts
When an engineering company introduces new technologies into society, it is essential to cooperate with manufacturers. In particular, companies in the construction industry cooperate with individual companies in the value chain including parts manufacturers and sales agencies. We provide backup support for intellectual property contracts aimed at co- existence and co-prosperity with individual companies in the value chain so that we can prevent technology leakage and recover the investment in development while seeking to maximize our revenue.
Development and dissemination of the El-brazing method (local nitrogen replacement method)
 The El-brazing method (local nitrogen replacement method) for refrigerant copper pipes has been introduced into more than 100 construction sites in total to save labor in construction work while there are 544 certified operators and 327 quality managers of this method at present. As its features, this method can reduce the process of oxidation prevention at the time of connecting refrigerant pipes (brazing) by 80% while lowering the amount of nitrogen to be filled in them by 70% in comparison with the batch nitrogen replacement method because the El- brazing method fills nitrogen locally. It has been set as our standard method for the prevention of oxidation in
refrigerant copper pipes as it is effective to ensure quality and save labor. In construction sites, the batch nitrogen replacement method and the El-brazing method are used in combination in consideration of the operation status and process to further improve construction efficiency and follow the process schedule. In the meantime, this method has been registered in the New Technology Information System (NETIS) of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT) under the name of the local nitrogen replacement method. We will work to meet the target of listing it as a publicly recognized method in the specifications of the MLIT in the future.●Organizational chart of intellectual property managementHead Office Innovation Center
Research and Development Headquarters Environmental Business Development Department
Global Business Planning Headquarters, Business Management Headquarters, etc.
    Main office and branches, headquarters
Contact personnel Contact personnel
Contact personnel
         Workshop for the certification of quality managers of Construction work to apply the El-brazing method the El-brazing method
45 TAKASAGO CORPORATE REPORT 2020
TAKASAGO CORPORATE REPORT 2020 46