he Takasago Thermal Engineering Group works to increase its corporate value while fulfilling its social responsibility as a good corporate citizen and promotes CSR activities that help achieve a sustainable society.

Cleanup activities
Takasago Thermal Engineering is involved in local cleanup activities in various parts of Japan through cooperation with Group companies and partner companies. In fiscal 2019, a total of 824 persons participated in those cleanup activities.
Cleanup campaign of Kitatohoku Office
Organization of a special lecture
We gave a special lecture at a school designed as a Super Science High School (SSH) by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology. In addition to basic technologies for air conditioning, we introduced our research and development activities, including our initiatives on BIM as well as VR technology to see construction drawings in three dimensions, to high school students who will play major roles in the future.

Takasago Thermal Engineering Forest
Based on the relevance with our businesses, we promote the maintenance and enhancement of the functions of forests to give public benefits, such as the absorption of carbon dioxide, to help conserve the global environment. We agreed to the activities to create corporate forests, which are promoted by the national and local governments, and has continuously been committed to tree planting in various parts of Japan including a natural forest in Gunma Prefecture named "Takasago Thermal Engineering Forest." Moreover, as our first initiative outside Japan, we planted trees in a 10-ha section of the premises of the University of Malaysia, Sarawak to be used for its rainforest restoration program and named the section "Takasago no Mori" (Forest of Takasago). This initiative aims to use the forest for investigation and research by the university on forest restoration as well as afforestation in Malaysia and safety and restoration of the rainforest.
Takasago no Mori in Malaysia
Eco-cap campaign
Our business offices collect caps of plastic bottles ("eco- caps") and send them to Ecocap Movement, an NPO, to support various social contribution activities. The recycling of eco-caps also prevents the generation of CO2 emissions that would have been caused if the caps had been incinerated.