We have been consistently committed to human resource development and the creation of a comfortable working environment to achieve the growth of employees and the growth of the company at the same time.

In April 2019, we fundamentally revised the conventional grade, compensation and evaluation systems and introduced a new personnel system that evaluates employees based on the added value created by them instead of their age or
working hours. Through the introduction of this new system, we aim to encourage employees to grow and feel motivated and also help reform the organization of the company.

1. Revision of the grade, compensation and evaluation systemsTo establish a system that highly values the employees who increase productivity and create higher added value within a limited time, we abolished age-based pay in the salary system, which used to be composed of performance-based pay and age-based pay, and newly introduced role-based pay.
2. Introduction of a flexible age-limit system at the age of 65In consideration of phased increases in the pension age and the diversification of life plans, we introduced a selective retirement system where employees can select the retirement age from 60 to 65.
3. Multi-path personnel systemIn addition to the line management posts who manage an organization, we established new posts higher than general managers for specialist personnel (chief engineers, fellows, experts , etc.) to allow them to pursue career advancement. We also created a new post of high-level professional personnel in the annual salary system to facilitate the appointment of human resources with a high level of professional skills.
4. Systematization of career paths
We systematized career paths to develop human resources through the experience of wide-ranging duties and deploy human resources from a long-term perspective according to what is best for the company as a whole. In addition to the job rotation system, we introduced a new overseas trainee system to give short- term work experience to employees.
  
Based on our principle that "people are our most important assets," we will develop human resources who have high ethical standards and awareness of problems and work for the growth of themselves and the younger workforce through systematic and well-planned training in the most inventive manner.

Training tailored to individual objectives and career stages
Human resource development in the Takasago Academy
In the Takasago Academy, which aims to develop human resources who will create our future, we offer practical and multifaceted training programs with various types of training (Off-JT: off the job training) and various experiences (OJT: on the job training) as the two main components and provide training tailored to individual objectives and career stages with "Steady evolution into a multi-disciplinary equipment business," "Establishment of the second and third core businesses" and "Further improvement of engagement" in the medium-term business plan as the basic policies.
On-site training in the first two years
On-site training is given to new employees, irrespective of whether they are technical or clerical staff, for two years after they join the company. This program, which allows the new employees to directly learn and understand how the company grows through the creation of added value and profits, helps them develop diverse career paths subsequently.
Technical training for new employees
Purpose-based training and position-based training
In the purpose-based training, the trainees work to acquire necessary capabilities and business skills and develop a sense of ethics so that they can work actively at all stages from the time of joining the company through retirement. In the position-based training, which focuses on management skills, we offer opportunities to acquire an MBA degree and implement the Young Board Project to train next-generation leaders, manager seminars for management candidates, leader seminars for young employees and other programs to continuously develop human resources who will play the main role in our future management.