      􏰦􏰥􏰤􏰣􏰘􏰢 􏰡􏰇􏰛􏰃􏰄􏰍 􏰨􏰧􏰨􏰧
   Daicel Corporation
Inquiries:
Investor Relations & Corporate Communications JR Shinagawa East Bldg., 2-18-1, Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-8230, Japan
Tel: +81-3-6711-8121
Fax: +81-3-6711-8100
  https://www.daicel.com/en/
This report uses paper certified by the Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC), including materials from responsibly managed forests and other controlled sources.
This report has been prepared using ink that does not contain volatile organic compounds(VOCs).
 Printed in Japan
Daicel Corporation marked its 100th anniversary on September 8, 2019.
DAICEL Report 2020

  CONTENTS
Conceptual Framework for Daicel Group Values
02 Conceptual Framework for Daicel Group Values Financial/Non-Financial Highlights
04 Financial/Non-Financial Highlights Value Creation by the Daicel Group
06 Daicel in Every Aspect of Our Live
08 Value Creation Milestones
10 Message from the President and CEO
We continue to innovate "Monozukuri" to achieve both a sustainable society and corporate growth.
14 Value Creation Process
16 Accelerate 2025 Mid-Term Management Strategy 18 Our SDG Focus and Initiatives
Daicel Group Businesses and Growth Strategies
20 Daicel Business Overview 22 Medical / Healthcare
24 Smart
26 Safety
28 Materials
30 Engineering Plastics
32 Innovation and Business Development
Foundation of Sustainability
33 Sustainability Management
34 Responsible Care Activities
36 Special Feature
Promoting Multifaceted Energy Savings
38 Environmental Report
40 Social Report
48 Roundtable Discussion with Outside Directors
How to Achieve Sustainable Growth
52 Governance
Financial Information / Corporate Information
58 Financial Information
66 Global Network
68 Company Data / Stock Information
Editorial Policies
The Daicel Group aims to achieve sustainable growth of both society and the Group through its long- term vision and medium-term strategies, which will be steadily implemented starting in FY2021/3. As a communication tool to gain more alliances and cooperation from our stakeholders for our efforts, we publish “Daicel Report 2020,” which integrates financial and nonfinancial information.
Under the Sustainability section of our corporate website, we disclose comprehensive and detailed information on the Group’s sustainability initiatives. As these reports are important tools for communicating with our various stakeholders, we keep in mind during the editing process that they must be easy to read, easy to understand, and proactive in terms of reporting on our CSR activities.
      Sustainability section of the Daicel Group’s website
■  Entities within the Scope of Reporting
The report covers initiatives of Daicel Group companies and those of other companies as noted. The following terms are used in the report.
· Daicel/We/Our: Daicel Corporation
· Daicel Group/The Group: Daicel Corporation and its affiliates · Group companies: Affiliates of Daicel Corporation
The following terms are used in the report on environmental and occupational safety and health.
· Daicel’s business sites: Daicel’s plants and research institutes
as well as the business sites of domestic Group companies operating on the premises of Daicel’s plants (not including the headquarters)
· Domestic Group companies: business sites of the domestic Group companies operating outside the premises of Daicel’s business sites
· Overseas Group companies: business sites of Daicel’s overseas Group companies
The scope of the Group companies for reporting varies depending on the content of the initiatives. Refer to the following websites for more details.
· Scope of reporting for human resources and governance data https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/other/boundary.html
· Scope of reporting for environmental and occupational safety and health data
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/other/responsible.html
Regarding the following companies reorganized as of July 1, 2020, their former company names are used in this report.
· Sales departments of Daicel FineChem Ltd., Daicel Polymer
Ltd., and Daicel Value Coating Ltd. were integrated into a new company named Daicel Miraizu Ltd., which succeeded Daicel FineChem. Also, on the same day, the production departments of Daicel Polymer were transferred to Daicel’s Multiple Production Company, and Daicel Polymer was dissolved.
· Daicel Polymer (Hong Kong) Ltd. changed its name to Daicel Miraizu (Hong Kong) Ltd.
· Daicel Polymer (Thailand) Co., Ltd. changed its name to Daicel Miraizu (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/
■  Reporting Period FY2020/3 (April 2019 to March 2020)
Note: Topics outside the specified period have been included.
■  Guidelines Used for Reference
· International Integrated Reporting Framework, International
Integrated Reporting Council
· Guidance for Integrated Corporate Disclosure and Company-
Investor Dialogues for Collaborative Value Creation, Ministry of
Economy, Trade and Industr(y METI)
· Sustainability Reporting Standards 2016/2018, GRI
    和文 + 英文ロゴ
■  Publication Schedule
July 2020 (previous edition: June 2019, next edition: June 2021)
The information released on our website may be updated as necessary, even after publication of the report in July 2020.
   Disclaimer and Caution with Respect to Forward- Looking Statements
As the sole purpose of this report is the provision of
information to readers, in no way does the Company
intend to solicit readers to take a certain action through
this publication. Although the Company compiled this
report based on information available to it and deemed
trustworthy at the time of its issuance, the content of
the report inherently includes a number of risks and
uncertainties. Accordingly, Daicel provides no guarantee
to the accuracy or integrity of information therein. When
readers intend to use any part of information contained in
         背
this report, they are advised to use their own discretion.
景色がある場合(白マドをとる)
Daicel shall bear no responsibility whatsoever to readers about damage, loss or other negative outcomes attributable to their investment decisions that relied on forecasts, numerical targets and other forward-looking statements featured in this report.
 DAICEL Report 2020 01

 Conceptual Framework for Daicel Group Values
 Conceptual Framework for Daicel Group Values
  Basic Philosophy
We place great importance on the Basic Philosophy concept, and in future will continue to hold this concept without being influenced by changing times.
The company making lives better by co-creating value
Sustainable Value Together
Co-creating value ... Understanding and communicating together with various partners, to jointly create new value
Sustainable Management Policy
Upon a firm foundation of safety, quality and compliance, the Daicel Group will realize its basic philosophy by both contributing to the establishment of a sustainable society and pursuing business growth with integrity, tireless efforts and self-transformation.
We create and provide people with new values to achieve better quality of life.
We construct a circular process with all our stakeholders to make harmonious coexistence with the environment.
We promote “human-centered business management” that  enables diverse employees to grow while establishing their own presence and achieving fulfillment.
        Daicel Group Conduct Policy
We, the Daicel Group, have established the following Conduct Policy in order to realize our Basic Philosophy. Every member of the Daicel Group shall fully understand and voluntarily consider this Conduct Policy and shall put it into practice in a tangible way through their daily activities.
1. We shall not only comply with all laws and regulations but also act with high ethical standards and sound judgment.
2. We shall contribute to the development of society as good corporate citizens.
3. We shall offer safe, high-quality products and services that satisfy and gain the trust of our customers.
4. We shall contribute to the development of local communities by complying with international rules and each country’s
laws and regulations and by respecting local cultures and customs.
5. We shall willingly and justly disclose reliable corporate information.
6. We shall conduct honest trade in accordance with the basic principles of fair and free competition.
7. We shall work positively to conserve the natural environment and to ensure safety.
8. We shall properly manage corporate assets and information.
9. We shall respect the diversity, personality and individuality of every member connected to Daicel Group and shall
contribute to realize a healthy and sound society that is free from discrimination and harassment.
                                02 DAICEL Report 2020 DAICEL Report 2020 03
Healthy, safe and good quality life
Partnership in value chain
Diversity & Inclusion
Corporate value: Overall improvement
Happiness for society and people
Sustainable Product
Spiral loop – Growth of organization
Environment that offers happiness
Sustainable Process
Happiness for workers
Sustainable People
 Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 FCionnacnecpiatlu/NaloFnr-aFmineawncoirakl fHoirgDhlaigichetlsGroup Values
 Financial/Non-Financial Highlights Financial Highlights (Consolidated)
Non-Financial Highlights
Energy Consumption and Intensity Index (Domestic)
(Left axis) Energy Consumption Business sites of Daicel: Domestic Group companies:
Net Sales
(Millions of yen)
Net Sales Ratio by Region
CO2 Emissions Attributable to Energy Consumption and the Intensity Index (Domestic)
(Left axis) CO2 Emissions Business sites of Daicel: Domestic Group companies:
    500,000 400,000 300,000 200,000 100,000
0
449,878
16/3
440,061
17/3
462,956
18/3
464,859
19/3
412,826
83
461
16/3
86
557
17/3
79 78 80
1,486 260
1,591 260
1,465 249
(%)
100
80 60 40 20
0 16/3
Japan:
45.5
16.0 18.2 20.3
China:
47.8
15.4 17.8 19.0
Other Asian countries:
Others:
46.0
16.3
20.2
17.5
20/3 (FY)
(1,000 kL) 800
600 400 200
0
(Right axis) Intensity Index Based on FY2010/3 Levels Business sites of Daicel:
(%) (kt-CO2) 100 2,000
(Right axis) Energy intensity index (base year: FY2006/3) Business sites of Daicel: (%) 93 100 92 90 92 100
          46.8
15.3 18.7
19.1
48.1
15.8 19.2 16.7
19/3
541
18/3
522
19/3
478
75 1,500 95 50 1,000 383 25 500
1,408 1,261 75
          8,84
3
95 366
95 462
105 436
111 411
213 180
   1,226
1,331
1,216
1,195
50 1,081 25
   20/3 (FY) 0 0
20/3 (FY) 0 Occupational Accident Frequency Rate
    Operating Income /
Ratio of Operating Income to Net Sales
Net Income Attributable to Owners of the Parent and ROE
Occupational Accident Frequency Rate* (Domestic)
20/3 (FY)
17/3
18/3
17/3
(Left axis)
lost workdays:
18/3
without lost workdays:
1.94
19/3
16/3
(Overseas)
    (Left axis) (Millions of yen) Operating Income:
150,000 14.3 14.6 100,000
(Right axis)
Ratio of Operating Income to Net Sales:
(%)
15 90,000
(Left axis)
Net Income Attributable to Owners of the Parent:
(Right axis) ROE:
(%) 15
(Left axis)
lost workdays:
without lost workdays:
(Right axis)
Frequency Rate: (Accidents)
5 100
480 2.65 3 60 2 40
20
(Right axis) Frequency Rate:
    12.7
(Millions of yen) 12.2
12.2 43,198
17/3
(Accidents) 100
5
3.364 3
2
 11.0
9.8 80
   7.2 10 60,000 50,000 51,171 5 30,000
40,313
9.1 35,301
19/3
10 60 5 40
1.3 20 4,978 0 0
20/3 (FY)
2.12
2.43
    64,349 64,306
58,932
37,062
18/3
1.87
2.10
    00 0
1112915 1 20 44611160 0
17/3 18/3 19/3 20/3 (FY)
7 15 13 15 170 15 16 17 18 19
29,644
1.09 1.17 1.06
13 1122
13 12 1
      16/3 17/3 18/3 19/3
Capital Expenditures / Depreciation and Amortization
20/3 (FY) 16/3
16/3
Research and Development Expenses
Number of Employees
(Regular Employees, Consolidated)
*Occupational Accident Frequency Rate = (number of people involved in an occupational accident / total actual working hours) × 1 million hours
*The data collection period is January to December each year.
Number and Ratio of Female Employees (Regular Employees*, Non-Consolidated)
    (Millions of yen)
60,000 40,000 20,000
0
Capital Expenditures:
Depreciation and Amortization:
(Millions of yen) 25,000
20,000 16,806 15,000 15,306
10,000 5,000
0 16/3 17/3
(People) 15,000
10,000 5,000
(Left axis)
(People) Number of Female Employees:
(Right axis)
Ratio of Female Employees: (%)
          40,256
39,528
44,694 30,81931,720
47,568 29,002
1
20,749
19/3
21,295
20/3
10,709 11,556
12,309
18/3
12,319
19/3
11,606
20/3 (FY)
600
400 7.8
204
200
0 16/3
11.3 281
15 10
             29,031
17/3
30,044
8.3
228
17/3
8.7 9.1
248 264 18/3 19/3
 23,914
         Cash Flows
Cash Dividends per Share / Dividend Payout Ratio
(Left axis)
(yen) Cash Dividends per Share:
Ratio of Female Managers* (Non-Consolidated)
*Includes employees seconded to Group subsidiaries and other Group companies.
Annual Paid Leave Acquisition Ratio (Non-Consolidated)
16/3
18/3
19/3
20/3
(FY)
18/3
(FY)
0 16/3 17/3
5 20/3 (FY) 0
    Cash flows from operating activities: (Millions of yen) Cash flows from financing activities:
Cash flows from investing activities: Cash and cash equivalents at end of fiscal year:
(Right axis)
Dividend Payout Ratio:
(%) (%) 220 4.0
(%) 100
80 60 40 20
0
    200,000
150,000 86,168 128,290 120,016
45 29.7 30.4 22.6 24.1 32 32
219.5
3.1
19/3
3.7
20/3 (FY)
70.6 73.6
19/3 20/3 (FY)
   30 3.0
30 2630 20 2.0 1.6
62.2 63.2 64.4
16/3 17/3 18/3
    100,00065,419 65,237
96,275
66,888
-1,962 -34,722 -33,189
80,674
-47,883 15
34
2.0
17/3
2.1
18/3
      50,000 0 -50,000
58,523
57,193
  -31,470 -31,407
16/3
-19,942
-25,636 -41,095
10 1.0 0 0
        04 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 05
17/3 18/3 19/3
-45,864 0 20/3 (FY)
16/3
17/3
18/3
19/3
20/3 (FY)
16/3
*Includes number of women in managerial positions and women in senior roles.
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Value Creation by the Daicel Group
 Daicel in Every Aspect of Our Lives
While the majority of the Daicel Group’s products are raw materials and ingredients that are not directly visible to consumers, they significantly benefit society through their extensive applications across a wide variety of products, such as automotive parts, electronic devices, cosmetics, and healthcare goods.
Food Packaging
Materials
Our packaging products feature barrier functions to extend shelf life and contribute to reducing food loss.
LCD TVs
     Medical & health care
Pharmaceuticals
Smart
Safety
Material Engineering plastics Other
Automotive Parts
We play a role in improving automotive safety, durability, and fuel efficiency as well as the automation and electrification of automobiles.
Packaging for snacks and other products
Barrier films for packaging
LCDs
Cellulose acetate for LCD optical films (TAC) Polymer for LCD resist
    Beyond delivering development and manufacturing solutions for pharmaceuticals, we also contribute to improving medication administration.
Supplements and Cosmetics
Our safe, high-quality cosmetics and healthcare materials provide a better quality of life to all our customers.
Everyday Products
   Pharmaceutical development and manufacturing
Chiral columns
Hospitals
Orally disintegrating tablets (ODTs)
Co-processed excipients
Combination faucets
Polyphenylene sulfide (PPS)
Automotive paints
Caprolactone and epoxy resins
PHEV electricity supply connectors
Polybutylene terephthalate (PBT)
Airbag systems
Inflators
Electric cooling water pumps for PHEV engines
Polyphenylene sulfide (PPS)
Lithium-ion batteries
Carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC)
Automotive sensors
Polybutylene terephthalate (PBT)
Healthcare product
Supplements
Cosmetics, shampoos, conditioners, and toothpastes
1,3-Butylene glycol CMC and hydroxyethyl cellulose (HEC)
Housing materials
Flame-resistant ABS resin
Household articles
Improved sink- corner strainer
Eyeglass frames
Celluloid and acetate resin
Stadium Screens
LED display
Epoxy compounds
We provide a variety of products that bring increased safety, convenience, and usability to everyday living.
               We contribute to providing clean water for medical use.
Pure water processing equipment for
artificial dialysis
Electronic Devices such as Smartphones
We contribute to the functional improvement and downsizing of electronic devices as they continue to evolve.
      Pure water maker for artificial dialysis
   Office Automation Equipment
    Buildings
Narrow-pitch connectors
Liquid crystal polymer (LCP)
Display films
Anti-glare films
Optical materials/lenses
Wafer level lenses
Semiconductor manufacturing
High-purity solvents and resist monomers for semiconductors
Exterior wall paints
caprolactone, epoxy compounds, and general-purpose solvents
Drive gears for printers
Polyoxymethylene (POM)
External coverings
Polymer alloys with engineering plastics
                                          06 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 07
 Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Value Creation by the Daicel Group
 Value Creation Milestones
Since its founding in 1919, Daicel has steadily evolved by meeting the ever-changing demands of society. We are currently focused on developing products that can support sustainability across the globe.
We have been creating value throughout a history of challenges and accomplishments for over a hundred years.
FY2020/3 Consolidated sales
¥412.8billion
Toward a Sustainable
Society
We endeavor to develop products
that make daily life healthier, safer and richer, and strive to manufacture them in ways that protect the environment, workers and the general public. Daicel is committed to realizing a sustainable society.
   1919 to the 1950s
Very Early Years
Initially founded as a celluloid maker named Dainippon Celluloid, Daicel immediately contributed to Japan’s industrial progress. The foundations
of our cornerstone products, such as acetic acid and cellulose acetate, were established from the very beginning through our pursuit of fireproofing celluloid.
1919 Established Dainippon Celluloid, Co., Ltd. 1935 Constructed the Arai Plant and began
producing acetic acid
1919 Constructed the Kawachi Sub-Plant of the Aboshi Chemical Plant (currently the Harima Plant)
1960s
Development of Petrochemicals
During the period of rapid economic growth in Japan, we entered the petrochemical business to expand
our product line of chemicals. We
also launched our engineering plastics business with the production of AS and ABS resins and polyacetal. Featuring outstanding durability and chemical resistance, our engineering plastics have since supported the downsizing of many products, including automobiles.
1961 Established Dainippon Kasei Co., Ltd. (currently the Ohtake Plant)
Launched the petrochemical business
1964 Established Polyplastics Co., Ltd. Launched the engineering plastics business
1980s and 1990s
Entering Overseas Markets
To enhance our core business and surmount the structural recession
that hit Japan in the late 1970s, we commercialized acetic acid using the methanol carbonylation process, which led to a realignment of the acetic acid sector. Our local subsidiaries in Europe, the US and Asia were established in the 1980s. We also set our sights on the pharmaceutical industry and accelerated our chiral separation business in the US and Europe.
1980 Commercialized acetic acid using the methanol carbonylation process
1984 Established Daicel (U.S.A.), Inc. (currently Daicel America Holdings, Inc.) and Daicel (Europa) GmbH
1989 Established Daicel Chemical (Asia), Pte. Ltd. (currently Daicel (Asia), Pte. Ltd.)
1990 Established Chiral Technologies, Inc.
2000 to present
Expansion of the Pyrotechnic Devices Business and “Daicel Way” Production Innovation across the Group
We established inflator production and sales sites in six countries. In Japan, we expanded our “Daicel Way” production innovation, which was originally established at the Aboshi Plant, across all our companies, accelerating our process innovation initiatives. In 2017, we opened Innovation Park to consolidate our R&D, engineering and production functions.
      2000 2009 2017
Constructed the Integrated Production Center of the Aboshi Plant Began producing ethyl acetate using the esterification process Opened Innovation Park
  The Daicel Group’s Products and their Social Value
     Celluloid
Enrichment of daily life
As a pioneer in the field of plastics, we played an integral role in the development of the Japanese chemical industry.
1928 Startedproducingphotographicfilmmaterialsin response to the popularization of photography and movies
Cellulose acetate
Safety
1938 Commercializedcellulose acetate, offering a solution
to flammability concerns associated with cellulose nitrate
Polyacetal
1964 Startedproducingpolyacetal,ahigh- performanceresin,supportingthedownsizing of many products, including automobiles, while also reducing environmental impact
Chiral columns
Safer medications
1982 Startedproducingchiralcolumns,which are used to separate substances that may otherwise cause adverse side effects
mobile airbag inflators
1988 Startedsupplyingthekeycomponentfor automobileairbagsystemsthatprotect passengers in the event of a collision
ActranzaTM lab.
Advanced medicine
Weareworkingtowardpracticalapplicationsofnew drug delivery systems, which utilize our pyrotechnic technology, for gene therapy and other advanced medicine.
Marine biodegradable cellulose acetate
We have developed an eco- friendly, naturally derived cellulose acetate that can decompose
in seawater twice as fast as conventional products.
      Conserving resources and energy
          Acetic acid using the methanol carbonylation process
1980 Introducedthemethanolcarbonylation processtoproduceaceticacid,
our core material, which led to the realignment of the acetic acid sector
       08 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 09
Auto
 Realignment of the acetic acid sector
Solution for marine plastic
 Safety and security
 Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Value Creation by the Daicel Group
 10
Message from
the President and CEO
We continue to innovate “Monozukuri”* to achieve both a sustainable society and corporate growth.
Yoshimi Ogawa
President and CEO, Daicel Corporation
Encountering a Historic Turning Point
In the Group’s FY2020/3 results, operating profit was down for the fourth consecutive year. In addition to the slowing
of the Chinese economy in the wake of intensifying U.S.- China trade friction, other factors adversely impacted the global economy and society. Blaming external factors for our declining performance, however, will not ensure the survival of Daicel’s business.
The current social environment is undergoing rapid change, and we thus face the challenge of staying afloat. The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) present opportunities for us to reassess the core of our business strategies, and new technologies such as AI and IoT are
not only advancing automation and robotization but also overturning traditional societal structures and business models. In addition, the spread of COVID-19 has significantly impacted the lives and social functions of people around the world and is expected to trigger structural transformations in society and the economy.
We stand at a decisive turning point in our history, and the Daicel Group must transform itself in order to quickly and flexibly respond to these external factors. While the social environment remains unpredictable, we are nevertheless ready to face these challenges with the 12,000 employees working for the Daicel Group around the world and our various stakeholders.
Long-term Direction and Future Vision
Last year, amid these historical changes, we celebrated our 100th anniversary. During that milestone year, we started formulating the Group’s 4th long-term vision encompassing the new era along with our medium-term strategies for realizing this new vision. The global COVID-19 pandemic struck during these discussions and presented challenges we had never experienced. We have been witnessing how this pandemic has been changing people’s lives as well as corporate economic activities and our supply chain, and we have been reassured that our decision to focus on speed and flexibility turned out to be correct and timely.
In our new long-term vision “DAICEL VISION 4.0,” we focus on three areas: changing how work is done and how the company operates, combining technologies and skills to continually innovate manufacturing, and providing reliable and value-added manufacturing.
“Changing how the company operates” means going beyond the traditional concept of company boundaries
and working with the entire supply chain to generate new value. The Daicel Group cannot operate in isolation. We need our customers and our suppliers, and when working on construction projects we work with partner companies.
If we think beyond the boundaries of our company, our
plant is just one process in a long supply chain made up of many manufacturing processes. To ensure that our supply chain is chosen, we believe that we must do more than
just offer excellent cost performance and quick responses
to our customers. We should put ourselves in their shoes, understand what they really need, and come up with the best solution for them. We will come across scenarios in which we actually do not have any products that suit their needs and therefore present them with competitors’ products. These scenarios offer opportunities for identifying our shortcomings and enable us to strengthen our manufacturing capabilities by developing new products that surpass the competition. Our goal is to go beyond organizational boundaries in this way and flexibly leverage the capabilities of our cross-value chain to establish supply and value chains that deliver greater value to society and in which everyone shares a sense of achievement and accomplishment.
Our second focus is to continually innovate manufacturing. To strengthen our manufacturing capabilities, we must work on both our “know-why,” that is, the technologies based on theories and analysis, and “know- how,” the skills based on insight and experience. During
our implementation of “DAICEL Production Innovation,” I was involved in analyzing plant operations as an engineer. I soon realized that a theory-based analysis was not sufficient for capturing the massive on-site expertise that has been accumulated over the years. These categories of on-site know-how often come about from taking action to address a lack of technical capabilities. Analyzing these kinds of know- how offers opportunities for improving our technology and leads to innovation. And when new or improved technology is introduced, new elements of expertise are introduced and accumulated as well. The strength of Japan’s manufacturing is at the center of this synergy between technologies and skills and how they interact to create an upward spiral of progress. This same principle can be applied to global businesses and expanded to encompass our overseas plants too. I truly believe that engineers and frontline operators who can think beyond the boundaries of their responsibilities and work together to holistically strengthen our manufacturing
   *Although the literal meaning of the Japanese word “Monozukuri” is "making things," we have defined “Monozukuri” as creating new value through all corporate activities.
DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 11
  Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Value Creation by the Daicel Group
  Long-Term Vision “DAICEL VISION 4.0”
The Long-Term Vision “DAICEL VISION 4.0” is a set of guidelines to ensure that society always views the Daicel Group as a reputable and reliable corporation. These guidelines clearly indicate our future vision and confirm our commitment and determination to change, even if that requires us to transform our business model and company framework.
Our Goals
Four Domains of Happiness and Market Focus
 Sustainable Product
  Contributing to happiness of people and society
 P  ursue happiness
  Sustainable Process
 Achieving goals with environmentally- and people-friendly methods
 R  emove the existing company/plant framework  F  orm biomass product tree
 E  nergy offset process
  Sustainable People
  Giving employees a sense of fulfillment
  B  oldly delegate authority  L  ighter corporate role
        Health
Safety/ Security
Convenience/ Comfort (Smart)
Environment
     C  osmetics  H  ealth Food  M  edical Care
 M  obility  I ndustry
 D  isplay  I C/Semiconductor  S  ensing
 W  ater Processing
 B  iodegradable Resin
Growth & Acceleration Strategy
Operations for goal achievement
Operation-I (OP-I) Original DAICEL
The area including domains on which we focus
in addition to current businessness
•Transformation of the business structure (Selection and concentration of the business
⇒ Shifting to value providing type of organization)
•Transformation to asset light
•Structural reforms to accelerate the growth of OP-II/III
Operation-II (OP-II) New DAICEL
Peripheral areas of existing business to be expanded through M&A or collaboration •Business restructuring, drastic review of existing JV •Transformation to asset super-light
•A company creating high added value that can aim at OP-III
Operation-III (OP-III) New Business Group
Cross-Value Chain that brings a vertical integration type of supply chain along with horizontal integration
•Not limited to M&A, constructing the number one supply chain with various connections
New Business Group (OP-III)
●Cross-Value Chain
New DAICEL (OP-II)
●Business restructuring, drastic review of existing JV
●Transformation to asset super-light Original DAICEL (OP-I)
●Transformation of business structure ●Transformation to asset light
      FY2021/3
  Message from the President and CEO
capabilities are crucial to the company’s survival.
Our third focus is to continually provide and enhance
reliable, value-added manufacturing. For society to accept the nature and value of our manufacturing, every product must clearly reflect a sense of safety and quality. While this may seem obvious, it is extremely important to remain diligent and focused, even on obvious things. In addition, in order
to contribute to creating a sustainable society, we need to both develop products that advance society toward this goal and ensure our manufacturing process itself is friendly to people and the environment. To this end, we are working on forming a biomass product tree during product development and implementing an energy-offset process for reducing energy and resource consumption. Since our establishment, we have been working very closely with Cellulose, a
naturally derived material, and have extensively explored its capabilities. We can leverage our expertise in Cellulose and turn it into a functional material that offers non petroleum- based solutions to society. We believe that this approach
to new product development will naturally define and shape Daicel brand manufacturing. In the energy-offset process, our ultimate goal is to operate manufacturing processes that result in no loss of energy, in which the overall energy input does not exceed overall output. I recognize that this is a very ambitious goal; nevertheless, we are committed to this goal and to creating processes that can harmoniously coexist with the global environment.
Human-Centered Management
Our goal is to contribute to the creation of sustainable society and at the same time expand the Daicel Group’s business. The achievement of these objectives must be based on
a foundation of vital principles, that is, safety, quality and compliance, and through integrity, hard work and our own transformation. To this end, we established the Sustainability Management Policies. These were drawn from Human- Centered Management and are intended to enhance our corporate value by ensuring happiness for workers, an environment that fosters happiness, and happiness for society and all people.
We believe that the happiness of each employee and their families is essential for bringing happiness to society as a whole. This belief forms the basis of our Sustainability Management Policies. A company is made up of people, those who happen to live in the same era and have been brought together to work for the same company. It is
said that people spend more than one-third of their lives
at work. Therefore, it makes perfect sense to ensure that their workplaces are happy places. A workplace in which employees can pursue their ambitions and apply their capabilities brings a sense of happiness, and this, in turn, makes their families happy. We need our workplaces to be environments in which employees feel enthusiastic about what they do and enjoy the changes they bring to the company. This leads to the company’s growth, and our growth, in turn, brings even more happiness to their lives.
For many years, we have been advocating the need
for a workplace environment in which everyone can excel, regardless of age, gender, nationality or disability. Every opportunity I get, I tell employees not to assume that working in plants is too dangerous for people with disabilities. Why not consider fully accident-proofing our plants to make them completely safe for anyone to work in? Times may change, but our basic management principle remains the same.
Our human-centered management values each and every employee, and we hope to achieve success together.
In April 2020, we became a signatory of the United Nation’s Global Compact. The Daicel Group is committed
to maintaining a global perspective as we focus on our “Human-Centered Management” and aligning ourselves with the UN Global Compact’s ten principles. We truly believe that this leads to our own growth and contribution toward a sustainable society.
We aspire to become a company that brings happiness to people’s lives by sharing, resonating and co-creating new value with a diverse set of partners. In this context, we thank all our stakeholders for their continued guidance and support and look forward to continuing to share our progress in the coming years.
 12 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 13
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation for Daicel Group Values Highlights
Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information
Domain
Market Focus
Corporate Value

                                                                                                                            Value Creation by the Daicel Group
 Value Creation Process
We will provide even greater value for society and contribute to people’s everyday happiness by pursuing businesses in the four domains of health, safety and security, convenience and comfort, and the environment and by dramatically advancing our operational infrastructure through digital transformation.
Basic Philosophy
      Trends in Social Change
Mid-Term Strategy
P.16-17
Sustainable Value Together
Long-Term Vision
Contributing to happiness of people and society
•Pursue happiness
Sustainable Product
P.13
New Business Group (OP-III)
Provide even greater social value as a New Business Group
Accelerate growth of the corporate group
New DAICEL (OP-II)
The company making lives better by co-creating value
    Population growth and ongoing aging of society
 Evolution of digital technologies (IoT, AI)
 Pursuit of safety and security
  Response to climate change, prevention of environmental pollution
 Global social change, diverse values
*SBU: Strategic Business Unit
14 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 15
Business Portfolio
Safety/Security
Sustainable People
Giving employees a sense of fulfillment
• Boldly delegate authority •Lighter corporate role
Environment
FY2026/3 Target
ROIC: 10% or more
EBITDA: 100 billion yen or more Operating Profit to reach a record high
Business Strategy
Value-providing SBUs* Material-providing SBUs*
Health
Convenience/Comfort (Smart)
  Daicel’s Strengths
= Source of Value Creation
 Distinctive organic synthesis technologies ranging from biotechnology
to precision synthesis
 Unique cellulose technology and pyrotechnics
 Wide product line from engineering plastics to general purpose resin
 A system to utilize know-how with IoT and AI (DAICEL Production Innovation)
 Diversified global workforce
    Corporate Strategy
P.16
Initiatives to realize Cross-Value Chain
DAICEL VISION 4.0
Long-Term Vision
Four Domains of Happiness
  Accelerate 2025
Mid-Term Strategy
Management Goals
Sustainable Process
 Business creation
Change! Challenge! Human Resources
Digital Transformation
Achieving goals with environmentally and people-friendly methods
•Remove the existing company/plant framework
•Form biomass product tree •Energy offset process
Production
Functional Strategy P.17 FY2021/3
Original DAICEL (OP-I)
 Sustainable Management Policy
safety, quality and compliance
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information
Corporate Value

  Value Creation by the Daicel Group
 Accelerate 2025 Mid-Term Strategy
We will execute our Accelerate 2025 Mid-Term Strategy, consisting of the corporate strategy, SBU- specific business strategies, and functional strategy, to evolve into a new business group that goes beyond the conventional concept of a company achieving the goals of Operation-III.
Coexistence and co-prosperity in a total supply chain beyond the framework of companies and plants
Functional Strategy
Business creation
Technology and Intellectual Property
Strengthening business with Proactive IP Extend information network for
creating business Technology and business strategy
based on market information
Research IP Landscape Development
Production
Concentrating power at the workplace and aiming to provide value to partners in the virtual company
       Corporate Strategy
• Initiatives to realize Cross-Value Chain
• Portfolio management
  Business Strategy
• Value Providing type
Focusing on fields of “health,” “safety/security,” “convenience/comfort” and “environment”
• Material Providing type
Shifting to value providing type utilizing technology/products/technical services
  Functional Strategy
• Independence of R (research) and D (development)
• Active promotion of M&A
• Establishment of Virtual Companies
• Development of digital architecture
       Relentless pursuit of safety/quality
No mistake/low impact mistake
Ultimate asset light
Reducing lead time
 •Completing preventive measures
Comprehensive assessment of environment, safety and health
•Strengthening post-incident countermeasures
Crisis assessment
•Pursuit of inventory reduction
Performance improvement of set-up change
•Offset of energy
•Ultimate headcount
Minimizingworkload Multiskilled workers
        Accelerate 2025 Management Goals
ROIC: 10% or more, EBITDA: 100 billion yen or more, Operating Profit to reach a record high Key Indexes: ROE ≥ ROIC ≥ ROA > WACC
  Note: ROE; Return on Equity, ROIC; Return on Invested Capital, ROA; Return on Assets, WACC; Weighted-Average Cost of Capital
Corporate Strategy
Initiatives to realize Cross-Value Chain
Collaboration of supply chains in vertical/horizontal directions (Cross-Value Chain)
Realizing “a chain as one body,” strengthening competitiveness in the market as a business group instead of as an individual company, we aim to continue providing more valuable goods for society
Focus of Mid-Term Strategy
With an eye towards creating the New Business Group, constructing digital architecture which can be flexibly rearranged responding to organization change
Formation of a virtual company through freely combining multiple business segments (Virtual Company)
Within the Virtual Company, understanding PL and BS in real time, making asset light and strengthening earning power
Business Portfolio
Shifting to value providing type business in the fields of “Health,” “Safety/Security,” “Convenience/Comfort” and “Environment”
Consolidating conventional 68 business segments to 33 business segments
Digital Transformation
Workstyle Innovation
Realizing Cross-Value Chains
Virtual Company supports decision making to be win-win Realizing Next-generation production innovation utilizing AI
Change! Challenge! Human Resources
Growth of diverse employees
with a sense of accomplishment through recognizing their achievements
Next Generation
■ Cosmetic raw materials 
■ Contract pharmaceutical development
and manufacturing
■ Health foods ■ High performance film ■ Analysis service ■ Polymer for resist ■ Chiral reagents ■ Lens modules, etc. ■ Genomics-related products 
■ Pyrotechnic devices for civilian use
Reform
■ Cellulose acetate for fiber
■ Resin compounds, cellulose
acetate plastics, etc. ■ OPS sheet 
■ Container molding 
Growth
■ Solvents for electronic materials ■ POM ■ Inflators
■ PPS ■ Caprolactone
■ LCP ■ Cycloaliphatic epoxies ■ COC
Foundation
■ Chiral columns ■ PBT ■ TAC
■ Food packaging film ■ Acetate tow ■ CMC ■ Acetic acid and derivatives ■ Chemical products, etc.
■ Ketene derivatives/amines
■ Membrane products
■ Low-density plastic foam products
Growth of team members is self growth
Boldly delegate authority
Encourage challenges, Praise achievements
System
Those who do their best are rewarded
Simple & Flexible
Career
Design along with the company
Enhance your expertise and shine in your specialty
Leaders of the team
Everyone can work with vitality
Diversity
Mutual Respect
Value the culture of each country
Identifying seeds of new business from user’s viewpoint
Solutions for future issues of society
Organic-inorganic hybrid materials Biomass products tree
Upgrading of business creation ability Co-solution with partners Incubation and development of key technologies
All of us are part of sales force! New assessment/analysis technology Virtual laboratories Collaboration with other companies/M&A
•Reform of workplace management
Restructuring workplace from perspective of disabled
Balance between generation and consumption: ±zero
Virtual factory by BU*
•Information infrastructure
Inventory control
Traceability
Management accounting
Production architecture
Foundation of high performance at workplace
Strengthening technology/skill
•Foundation of human resources
Reform of field work
Visualizing know-how Utilizing elemental technology
Experience-type training
                           New Business Group
Suppliers
Accelerating the Development of New Business
Integration of enhanced antenna functions
(market, customer, IP information) and technology
Implementing CRM, IP Landscape and
Virtual Lab
Realizing
Virtual Company
Developing common specifications that allow flexible rearrangement such as vertical
or horizontal integration
Digital Architecture Deployment (The Daicel Production
Innovation initiative, Business Process Innovation)
Happiness of team members
Sustainable People
Establish a system suitable for each region
      Suppliers
Business <Procurement> <Production>
<Logistics> <Sales>
Business
Users
Other companies in the industry
Business
• Positioning based on industrial growth, competitive environment, sales growth and operating profit with additional analysis of elements such as business characteristics
• Evaluating business using ROIC, sales growth ratio, etc.
■ Medical, health care ■ Smart ■ Safety ■ Material ■ Engineering plastics ■ Other
        Business Business
Business
    16 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 17
Value Users
Horizontal Collaboration
Protect "human-centered management"
*BU: Business Unit
Conceptual Framework for Daicel Group Values
Financial/Non-Financial Highlights
Value Creation
Businesses and Growth Strategies
Foundation of Sustainability
Financial Information / Corporate Information
Vertical Collaboration
DAICEL Group Companies
Toward Cross-Value Chain
DAICEL

 Value Creation by the Daicel Group
 Our SDG Focus and Initiatives
Setting safety, quality and compliance as management foundation, Daicel is implementing sustainable management by reforming itself to seek concurrent achievement of a sustainable society and the Group's business expansion. Tackling the SDGs is therefore a key medium- to long-term management task.
Here are the approaches we have been taking, led by the Corporate Sustainability department, newly established in June 2019, to weave our SDG priorities into our new long-term vision and medium-term strategy.
Determining Daicel’s priority SDGs
We use the SDG Compass and its five steps to instill the understanding of our contribution to the SDGs across the company. In FY2020/3, we determined our priority SDGs and set specific goals.
 STEP 3
Setting goals
Based on our SDG priorities, we set the following medium-term focus points, initiatives and KPIs. We pursue the KPIs through our CAPD cycle*1.
*1 Instead of the conventional PDCA cycle, we use a CAPD cycle for our improvement activities to prevent failing to notice an important fact in an activity starting with planning.
■  Our SDG focus and initiatives for FY2021/3
 SDGs
Focus
Initiatives
KPIs
         Products that contribute to a prosperous society
 *2 The domains of health, safety/security, convenience/comfort and the environment are defined in DAICEL VISION 4.0, our long-term vision, as the four triggers for happiness and also represent our focus markets.
Shift to value-delivery business*2
 H  ealth: healthcare and medical products
 S  afety/Security: pyrotechnic devices in the mobility and industry sectors
 C  onvenience/Comfort displays, IC/ semiconductor, and sensing
 E  nvironment: energy-saving raw materials, biomass products, biodegradable resins, and water treatment membranes
Establishing a biomass product trees
 U  sing plant-derived natural resources  M  akingbetteruseofunusednatural
resources
 E  xpanding the use of biotechnology
 I ncreasing sales of value-delivery products
   Building a circular value chains
 S  ubstantially enhancing target biomass products
 C  onstantly researching key topics related to the biomass product trees
      Significantly reduced greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions
Study and implementation of measures to reduce GHG emissions across the entire value chain
 C  onstructing an energy offset processes  D  eveloping an energy-saving
manufacturing processes
 S  witching to renewable energy sources
 P  lanning a measure for a 30% reduction (FY2019/3 baseline) of GHG emissions for FY2031/3 (Scope 1, 2)
       Human-centered business management
Creating a working environment in which everyone can develop their skills with a sense of ownership and accomplishment
 D  iversified human resource and skill development
 C  reating a workplace environment to support diversified human resources
 B  old empowerment and appointment
 S  imple and flexible personnel system to encourage taking on challenges and recognizing significant performance
 E  stablishing regionally optimized company rules and regulations
 E  stablishing indices for measuring employee sense of ownership and accomplishment
 E  stablishing teleworking as a standard working style
 H  ealth and Productivity Management: continue holding the White 500 certification
    Co-creation of values with a wide variety of partners
 C  ollaboration with universities or other research institutions
 V  ertical and horizontal collaboration with other companies
—
      STEP Understanding 1 the SDGs
STEP Defining 2 priorities
STEP Setting STEP
3 goals
4 Integrating
  STEP 1
Understanding the SDGs
We believe it is vitally important for every Daicel Group employee to understand the significance of the SDGs and to act voluntarily or take action accordingly. The Corporate Sustainability department has adopted the following strategies to promote a thorough understanding by every Group employees. In May 2020, a special 74-member team (as of June 2020) of so-called “SDGs Ambassadors” was set up to encourage self-motivated, grassroot SDG activities that cross the boundaries of worksites and job types or positions.
■ C  ompany-wide campaign ■  Dissemination via the intranet ■ D  istribution of SDG badges and for raising knowledge and and company newsletters seals
awareness of the SDGs
        STEP 2
Defining priorities based on our long-term vision and medium-term strategy
We defined our priority SDGs, out of the 17 goals and 169 targets, based on alignment with our business operations and sustainability initiatives already in place with due consideration for the following aspects.
   Daicel‘s unique contribution
Industry trends
Consistency with implementation guidelines formulated by the Japanese government
Alignment with our management philosophy
Potential impact on achieving the SDGs
Setting goals
 STEP STEP 45
Integrating SDGs into management, reporting and communicating
We integrate our priority SDGs into our management plans and practices so all employees can pursue them as part of their business activities. We encourage ourselves to attain all these goals by announcing progress on our website and engaging in dialogue with our stakeholders.
 18 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 19
STEP Reporting and 5 communicating
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial for Daicel Group Values Highlights
Value Creation
Businesses and Growth Strategies
Foundation of Financial Information / Sustainability Corporate Information
Product
Process
People
Common

 Daicel Group Businesses and Growth Strategies
 Daicel Business Overview
    FY2020/3 Net Sales (consolidated)
Total: ¥412.8billion
FY2020/3 Operating Income (consolidated)
Total: ¥29.6billion*
Businesses Products
 Medical / Healthcare
P. 22
     Net sales
¥ 15.1 billion
Composition ratio
3.7 %
Operating income
¥ 1.3 billion
Composition ratio
2.9 %
Cosmetics
1,3-Butylene glycol (1,3-BG), polyglycerin, and other raw materials for cosmetics
Naturally derived health food materials and supplements, including equol and konjac ceramide
  Health Foods
CPI Chiral columns, chiral reagents, and analysis services
      Smart
P. 24
     Net sales
¥ 25.3 billion
Composition ratio
6.1 %
Operating income
¥ 3.4 billion
Composition ratio
7.4 %
Display
IC/Semiconductor Sensing
Cellulose acetate (TAC) for LCD optical films, and high-performance optical films
Resist materials and solvents for electronic materials
Lens modules, silver nano ink, and organic semiconductor devices
        Safety
P. 26
     Net sales
¥ 74.8 billion
Composition ratio
18.1 %
Operating income
¥ 3.3 billion
Composition ratio
7.3 %
Mobility
Industry
Automobile airbag inflators and resin compound products (for car use)
Gas generators for seat belt pretensioners (PGG) and civilian-use pyrotechnics such as Pyro-Fuses
      Materials
P. 28
     Net sales
¥ 109.4 billion
Composition ratio
26.5 %
Operating income
¥ 15.8 billion
Composition ratio
34.7 %
Acetyl
Chemical
Acetic acid, acetic acid derivatives (organic chemicals such as ethyl acetate), cellulose acetate (other than that for optical films for LCDs), and acetate tow
Cycloaliphatic epoxy, caprolactone derivatives, alkylamines, and ketene derivatives
      Engineering Plastics
P. 30
     Net sales
¥ 176.1 billion
Composition ratio
42.7 %
Operating income
¥ 20.9 billion
Composition ratio
45.9 %
Engineering plastics
Resin compounds (non-car use) Plastic molding
Polyoxymethylene (POM), polybutylene terephthalate (PBT), polyphenylene sulfide (PPS), liquid crystal polymer (LCP), and cyclic olefin copolymer (COC)
AS resin, ASB resin, and Long fiber-reinforced plastics
Barrier films for packaging, polystyrene sheets, and molded containers
        Other
     Net sales
¥ 12.1 billion
Composition ratio
2.9 %
Operating income
¥ 0.8 billion
Composition ratio
1.8 %
Membrane
Aerospace & Defense systems
Reverse osmosis membranes, ultrafiltration membrane products, and water treatment systems
Defense-related products
     *Consolidated operating income is calculated by subtracting a corporate expense of ¥15.9 billion.
20 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 21
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Daicel Group Businesses and Growth Strategies
 Medical / Healthcare
  We supply safe, high-quality raw materials for healthcare products and offer solutions for drug development for today’s society, which values quality of life* more
than ever before.
*Material wealth as well as the general level of satisfaction in life, including psychological wellbeing.
       Business Overview
Our Healthcare Business, consisting of the Cosmetics and Health Foods businesses, handles the manufacturing and sales of high-quality raw materials for cosmetics, health food products, and nutritional supplements. The main product of the Cosmetics Business is a raw material called 1,3-Butylene glycol (1,3-BG), widely used as a moisturizing agent and highly regarded in Asian markets for being odor- free. The Health Foods Business makes optimal use of its natural-material extraction and bioconversion technologies to create and deliver unique nutritional raw materials
and supplements such as konjac-derived ceramide and
soybean-derived equol.
In the chiral separation business, we mainly provide
chiral columns and chiral stationary phases (CSPs)
for separation and purification of optical isomers in pharmaceutical development and manufacturing processes, as well as chiral separation services in five regions of the world: Japan, the US, Europe, China, and India. Our chiral column maintains a high market share around the world. We are expanding our solution domains into the rapidly growing biologics discovery areas through a network built in the small-molecule drug field.
https://wellmethod.jp
Although cosmetics, one of our main markets, can be contracted on a short-term basis due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the market will grow over the medium to long term, particularly in Asian countries. In preparation for higher demand for 1,3-BG, we constructed a new plant at the Aboshi Plant with the expectation that having two production sites would strengthen business continuity and enable us to grow sales even further.
TOPICS
Newly Launched WELLMETHOD®, a “Well-Aging” Brand for Women, and Released a New Supplement Soy Equol®
 We launched a new brand WELLMETHOD® for women and opened a brand website in December 2019.
The website focuses on women who experience certain aging patterns and offers useful and information from friendly
■ Brand website for WELLMETHOD®
In January 2020, a new product named Soy Equol® was released by WELLMETHOD®. Soy Equol® is a supplement designed for women who want to balance their hormone containing equol an intestinal metabolite of soybean isoflavones. We developed it, focusing on easiness of intake for women from various perspectives.
We will develop WELLMETHOD® into a comprehensive healthcare brand that will always be there for women, and support them to be active in their own fields.
Business Overview of FY2020/3
While exports of 1,3-BG to Asian markets proceeded favorably, sales by the Cosmetics Business decreased year- on-year as demand from overseas tourists slowed. Sales
by the Health Foods Business increased thanks to growth in sales of equol. Sales of chiral stationary phases (CSPs) decreased, while net sales by the CPI Business remained
at the same level as the previous year because of increased sales from a new project.
supervisors and writers. Through this branding effort, we will communicate the evolution of Daicel’s Healthcare Business inside and outside the company and further develop the brand into a trendsetter.
         Business Environment
• Growth of the cosmetics market • G  rowth of the supplement market
because of increased health awareness
• I ntensified drug-discovery needs and growing macromolecule drug market
Strategies
◦ Promote 1,3 BG with stable supply through multiple production bases, and the world's No. 1 quality to meet future higher demand ◦Raising recognition of Daicel among target populations and
widening the variety of products
◦Expanding the macromolecule drug development support
business
     SDGs Relevant to these Segments
Performance Highlights (Consolidated)
 22 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 23
Net sales (FY2020/3)
Operating income (FY2020/3)
  ¥15.1billion ¥1.3billion
 Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Daicel Group Businesses and Growth Strategies
 Smart
    Providing solutions with the technologies and products required by the electronic materials market to support society and technological innovation.
    TOPICS
Daicel Acquired PI-CRYSTAL to Help Drive the AI/IoT Revolution
      Business Overview
Cellulose acetate (TAC) for optical films for LCDs, for which Daicel commands a large share of the global market, is made and sold by the Display Business. By making the best use of original materials and compound techniques, the business also makes and sells high-performance optical films for in-car displays, educational displays, smartphones, and tablets.
The IC/Semiconductor Business develops and produces high-performance resist materials and solvents for electronic materials used in the manufacturing processes of semiconductors and displays, which play an essential role in advancing semiconductor functionality.
Products manufactured and sold by the Sensing Business include thin, bendable, low-power-consumption film sensors, organic semiconductors, small yet high- performance wafer-level lenses made with high heat-resistant resin, and silver nano inks used for printing low resistance circuits on various kinds of films. All these products have contributed to the development of the sensor market, which is growing along with the heightened demand for sensor- based visualization in the wake of the broadening use of 5G, IoT, and AI.
In January 2020, Daicel acquired PI-CRYSTAL, Inc., a start- up with organic semiconductor technology developed at the University of Tokyo.
Unlike conventional silicon/inorganic semiconductors, organic semiconductors are flexible and foldable. Moreover, organic semiconductors use less power than silicon devices. Demand for organic semiconductors is therefore
■ PI-CRYSTAL’s organic semiconductor
Flexible organic semiconductor made with a film-coating technology developed solely by PI-CRYSTAL
■ Expected applications
1 Healthcare sensor device
Mounting an organic integrated circuit on atransparentsheet attachable to the human body facilitates the gathering of information about the subject such as body temperature.
3 For downsizing electronic components
It also enables part modules to be thinner and more flexible.
Business Overview of FY2020/3
Sales by the Display Business declined from the previous year due to decreased sales volume of TAC, although the sales of high-performance car-use optical films rose. Sales by the IC/ Semiconductor Business decreased year-on-year due to a weak semiconductor market. Sales by the Sensing Business increased year-on-year thanks to the sales growth of wafer- level lenses.
expected to grow in the fields of IoT sensors and displays. By using cutting-edge film-coating technology as its core technology, PI-CRYSTAL develops, produces, and sells high- performance organic semiconductor devices.
Printed electronics, which are printing techniques for creating electrical circuits and devices, represent a key focus for Daicel, and we have grown the business through external collaborations. PI-CRYSTAL has been one of our partners since its founding in 2013, and we have worked together to develop a method for applying Daicel’s printed electronics materials and products for organic semiconductor devices. By combining our material development techniques with their state-of-the-art organic semiconductor technology, we are gaining the capability to mass-produce organic integrated circuits for sensors, indispensable for advancing AI and IoT, and for digital signage solution, toward commercializing our printed electronics products.
2 Device affixable to curved part surfaces The device will improve the accuracy
of laboratory instruments for chemical andmedicaluse.Sinceitcanbeaffixed to plastic parts, it can be downsized for in-car IC sensors.
4 Lighter and more flexible large-size digital signage
The use of active-matrix elements composed of PI-CRYSTAL’s organic semiconductor can make digital signage with a large-size LED display flexible and very lightweight.
will encourage a rebound in the semiconductor market.
And the trend toward smaller, high-performance electronic devices will require more sophisticated materials. To meet the needs of customers, we are advancing our resist materials to support the microfabrication of semiconductors and honing our techniques for solvents for electronic materials and other unique products.
   Transparent
sheet circuit
Organic integrated
   Business Environment
• G  rowing demand for displays in China and emerging economies
• F  ull-scale advent of the 5G, IoT, and AI era
• I ncreasing demand for visualization and sensing technologies
Strategies
◦Developing products with unique features ahead of market trends
◦Carrying out global and e-marketing campaigns ◦Reinforcing production techniques toward higher quality
and more constant cost competitiveness
◦Maximizing value through co-creation and collaboration
      SDGs Relevant to these Segments
Performance Highlights (Consolidated)
 24 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 25
Net sales (FY2020/3)
Operating income (FY2020/3)
  ¥25.3billion ¥3.4billion
The wider introduction of 5G and self-driving technology
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

  Daicel Group Businesses and Growth Strategies
   Safety
Business Overview
We have cultivated a wealth of pyrotechnic device technologies over the course of our longstanding operations, which started with the production of cellulose nitrate, a raw material of celluloid. Applying these technologies, our Safety Business manufactures and sells automotive safety devices such as automobile airbag inflators (gas generation devices), which protect the lives of occupants and pedestrians by inflating airbags within milliseconds after a collision, and gas generators for seat belt pretensioners (PGG).
Our automobile airbag inflators are highly regarded as the
TOPICS
Safe, Reliable Pyro-Fuses Suitable for Use in Cars and Industry
        Continuing to provide innovative safety and security to society
on the foundation of know-how cultivated in pyrotechnics and vehicle safety industry .
With highly reliable techniques, honed through the development and production of airbag inflators, we are developing and producing Pyro-Fuses that instantaneously interrupt electrical currents.
Electric vehicles, expected soon to appear on roads in great numbers, use high-voltage batteries. Certain measures are therefore required to protect occupants from the risk of electrical shock in case of an accident or malfunction and
to prevent secondary hazards. In this context, Pyro-Fuses
are expected to alleviate safety concerns as a solution for interrupting the electric circuits in the event of an emergency and isolating the vehicle’s battery.
We will launch a wide variety of Pyro-Fuses that prevent abnormal heating and catching fire in the event of an earthquake or fire as well as for industrial uses such as for batteries and systems for storing and transmitting renewable energy.
■ Potential applications
Inverter
Motor
Control device
Charging inlet
Secondary battery
1 Overcharging
2 Circuitmalfunction
            key component of airbag systems that continue to advance. We operate in seven countries including Japan, the US, China, Thailand, Poland, South Korea, and India so that we can flexibly respond to rapidly changing automotive industries worldwide. Our Pyro-Fuses, which safely, instantaneously, and pyrotechnically interrupt high-voltage and high-current electricity in the event of an emergency, are expected to be used in many products that will be automated by AI, not to mention the already burgeoning electric vehicle industry.
3 Accident
           Business Environment
• G  lobal slowdown of automobile production
• T echnological advances in self-driving cars
• S tricter automotive safety standards in emerging countries
Strategies
◦Thorough productivity enhancement and streamline operations at overseas bases to improve profitability
◦Adopting next-generation technology
◦Sales expansion of business in Europe, USA and India
through strengthening collaboration with module makers ◦Developmentofnewuseofpyrodevices beyondtheautomotivemarket
     SDGs Relevant to these Segments
Performance Highlights (Consolidated)
■ Applications other than for vehicles
Our Pyro-Fuses can also be used for safety gear, renewable energy, and in medical care.
In the event of a Renewable natural disaster energy
Business Overview of FY2020/3
The sales volume of automobile airbag inflators, our mainstay product, was maintained at the same level as in the previous year despite the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, while sales by the entire Safety Business decreased year-on- year because the supply of replacement products for recalls by other companies came to an end.
We have been restructuring our global production for
Interrupts electricity in an emergency to prevent additional hazards
Medical care
inflators to improve profitability of the business. As part of this effort, we transferred some operations to other sites and, as a result, posted a fixed asset impairment loss. We will accelerate our efforts to raise earnings, which include further cost reductions and the development of competitive new products.
 26 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 27
Net sales (FY2020/3)
Operating income (FY2020/3)
  ¥74.8billion ¥3.3billion
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Daicel Group Businesses and Growth Strategies
 Materials
    Delivering diverse solutions to global needs through the unique functions of our fine chemical materials.
   TOPICS
Biodegradable Materials Expected to Address Concerns over Marine Plastic Pollution
  Business Overview
We are Japan’s only acetic acid producer. The Acetyl Business’s main products include organic compounds such as acetic acid and its derivatives; cellulose acetate, made from cellulose derived from wood pulp or cotton; and acetate tow, obtained by spinning cellulose acetate. Our acetic acid and its derivatives are used in a wide range of fields, such as synthetic fibers, raw materials for plastics, pharmaceutical agricultural chemicals, and various solvents. Our acetate tow used for cigarette filters has a large global market share.
We propose the use of biodegradable raw materials such as cellulose acetate and our caprolactone derivative Placcel in order to effectively address plastic pollution, which is damaging the world oceans.
Cellulose acetate is a biodegradable and environmentally friendly polymer material made from a plant-derived natural polymer “cellulose”, and “acetic acid” which exists in nature as well. The discarded cellulose acetate is decomposed
into water and carbon dioxide by microorganisms that exist naturally not only in soil and waste but also in the ocean. It is also possible to adjust the disassembly rate with Daicel’s technology.
Praccel is one of the caprolactone derivatives which is
■ Cellulose acetate life-cycle
biodegradable in soil and marine. It has long been used in
a wide range of applications such as hot melt adhesives. In recent years, it has attracted attention in the bioplastics field due to its high compatibility with various polymers and its ease of molding.
It is known that petroleum-based plastics take decades to hundreds of years to decompose. By using cellulose acetate or Placcel, which decomposes in a few months to a few years, as an alternative to conventional plastics, it can be a solution to the marine plastic problem. We will accelerate collaboration with our partners and continue to contribute to the realization of a sustainable society.
■ Representative applications of cellulose acetate and placcel
Cellulose acetate is attracting attention as an environmentally friendly and sustainable raw materials.
The Chemical Business’s peracetic acid derivatives such as cycloaliphatic epoxy and caprolactone are produced
by a unique synthetic reaction. They are used as urethane materials for semiconductors and paints for automobiles. Other chemicals in this Business Unit include amine and ketene chemicals, which are the raw materials for paints, adhesives, pharmaceuticals, agriculture, etc.
Agricultural multi-purpose films, paper cups, compostable bags
       Cellulose acetate
Packing containers, fibers, pellets for plastic processing, films for protecting films, cosmetics (foundations)
  Placcel
       Business Environment
• I ntensifying competition among sellers of acetate tow for cigarette filters as global demand for cigarettes wanes
• R  ising expectations for environmentally friendly materials to address marine plastic pollution • I ntensifying competition as our materials
become increasingly multi-purpose
Strategies
◦Improving profitability and competitiveness of existing businesses through cost reductions
◦Launching an eco-centered plastic business to create new growth drivers
◦Product differentiation through enhanced functionality and added value
  Textiles
Compostable bags
   SDGs Relevant to these Segments
Performance Highlights (Consolidated)
Business Overview of FY2020/3
Sales of cellulose acetate and its derivatives, the main products of the Acetyl Business, decreased year-on-year due to a slumping market and declining sales volume in Japan and overseas, primarily resulting from China’s economic slowdown. The sales volume and profits from acetate tow for cigarette filters, another mainstay product, increased following the successful expansion of market share among
key customers as well as the acquisition of new customers. However, Chemical Business profits decreased year-on- year because the increased sales volume of cycloaliphatic epoxy supported by an ongoing supply shortage was offset by the declining sales volume of core products including caprolactone due to sluggish demand in China, which in turn is attributable to the U.S.-China trade friction.
 28 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 29
Net sales (FY2020/3)
Operating income (FY2020/3)
  ¥109.4billion ¥15.8billion
 Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Daicel Group Businesses and Growth Strategies
 Engineering plastics
  Supporting the sustainable development of society by offering plastics with special features such as mechanical strength and resistance to heat and chemicals.
    Business Overview
Polyplastics Co., Ltd. is a leading engineering plastics company with 32 locations in 11 countries. It manufactures polyoxymethylene (POM), with the top worldwide market share, and liquid crystal polymer (LCP), and its technical solution capabilities, based on sample data and many years of expertise, are one of its greatest strengths. Polyplastics solutions have contributed to lighter automobiles with
more electric components and higher performance electric devices.
Daicel Miraizu Ltd.* handles high-performance products
such as polymer alloys, created by blending multiple resins with different properties, and high functional plastics reinforced with special fillers. It is also in the plastics compound business, which is responding to increasingly sophisticated user needs, and in the plastic processing business, which supplies barrier films for food packaging.
*As of July 1, 2020, the sales divisions of Daicel FineChem Ltd., Daicel Polymer Ltd. and Daicel Value Coating Ltd. were integrated into Daicel Miraizu Ltd., a new company, which succeeded Daicel FineChem Ltd.
■ Method for separating labels from bottles by floating them in water
TOPICS
Contribution to Circular Economy with PET Bottle labels that float on water
 While plastics are highly convenient and essential for modern society, they also become a cause of marine litter and
global warming. To solve these issues, the easily recyclable material for plastic beverage bottle labels was developed by Polyplastics.
Since the raw materials used for plastic bottle bodies, caps, and labels differ, recycling plastic beverage bottles requires separating by resin type. In Europe, recycling plants are equipped with a machine that removes labels from the bodies, and consumers must peel off the labels before disposal. Still, such approaches are rather ineffective in terms of both cost and results. As the search for a more efficient solution continues, a spotlight has been cast on a method for separately collecting plastic bottles and labels by making labels that are buoyant in water. The method had been unfeasible since conventional labels, which have a
higher specific gravity than water, do not float. Labels using TOPAS® COC (cyclic olefin copolymer), a material developed by Polyplastics, fit this strategy because they do float in water, enabling bottles and labels to be collected separately, simply by placing bottle flakes in water and thereby accelerating
the recycling process, while at the same time retaining the printability, shrinkability, and adhesiveness of conventional labels. Moreover, although TOPAS® is different from polypropylene (PP) or polyethylene terephthalate (PET), labels made of TOPAS® can be recycled as an olefin material.
As the demand for TOPAS® COC rapidly grows, it has become necessary to enhance our supply system for the product. To realize the stable supply of high-quality products, we plan to boost current production capacity by 50% in early FY2022/3 and introduce new facilities in FY2023/3.
   Recycling plastic beverage bottles a growing concern in Europe
 Bottle PET resin
Label PET-G, PVC resin
Although removing labels from bottles is necessary for recycling into high-purity plastics, there had been no cost-effective method for separation.
 Conventional label
Bottle material Label material
PET-G/PVC resin
Mixed
Label developed by Polyplastics
Olefin resin + TOPAS® COC
Only labels float due to a difference in specific
gravity.
Efficient separation achieved using TOPAS® COC for labels
The COC resin makes labels buoyant while retaining their conventional characteristics, enabling for separate collection of bottles and labels.
       ● Conventional labels have all the functions required for a label but do not float.
● Conventional labels sink to the bottom of a tank, mixed along with bottles.
● Olefin resin such as PE and PP, having a lower specific gravity than water, enables labels to float.
● TOPAS® COC enables labels to retain necessary label characteristics.
   Business Environment
• W  orldwide slowdown of car production
• O  ngoing development of next- generation mobility using self-driving and energy-saving technologies
• C  hanges in infrastructure, devices, and services due to the introduction of 5G
Strategies
◦Creating new products for sustainable growth ◦Stabilizing product supply and innovating techniques to
prepare for growth in market scale
◦Developing high-quality, high-value added materials to
increase market share in premium markets
◦ Strengthening global technical solutions and supply chains
     SDGs Relevant to these Segments
Performance Highlights (Consolidated)
Business Overview of FY2020/3
The engineering plastics segment provides a variety of synthetic resin products, from high-performance engineering plastics for cars and electronics to barrier films for packaging. Sales by this segment declined overall year-on-year due to China’s economic slowdown and the COVID-19 pandemic, which also constrained demand for engineering plastics,
our main products, in the car parts market and markets
for smartphones and other high-value added goods. Nevertheless, the sales volume of our engineering plastics remained at the same level as the previous year thanks to the growth in sales of general-purpose grade products and expanded applications.
 30 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 31
Net sales (FY2020/3)
Operating income (FY2020/3)
  ¥176.1billion ¥20.9billion
 Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Daicel Group Businesses and Growth Strategies Foundation of Sustainability
 Innovation and Business Development
 Sustainability Management
Sustainability Promotion
 Basic Approach
 The Daicel Group’s daily activities are guided by its basic philosophy of making people’s lives better by co-creating value. In a world where the values of people are changing significantly day by day toward the realization of a sustainable society, the Group has sought to clarify its management policy by laying out the Sustainable Management Policy. Under this, while we prioritize safety, quality, and compliance as the most important foundation, we seek to concurrently achieve a sustainable society and the Group’s business expansion with integrity, tireless efforts, and self-transformation.
Sustainable Management Policy
We create and provide people with new values to achieve better quality of life.
We construct a circular process with all our stakeholders to make harmonious coexistence with the environment.
We promote “human-centered business management” that enables diverse employees to grow while establishing their own presence and achieving fulfillment.
   Sustainable Management System
In April 2020, the Daicel Group set up a Sustainable Management Committee, which is chaired by the president, meets four times a year, and is part of a Group-wide effort
to address sustainability issues. The committee promotes initiatives addressing key issues concerning the SDGs and sustainability through our business activities, manages the progress, and communicates the results to our stakeholders. Comprising members from a broad range of areas, including our business and R&D divisions in addition to the CSR department, the committee will bolster Daicel’s CSR-related initiatives and accelerate its contribution to sustainability through business and innovation.
■ Diagram of the Sustainable Management System Board of Directors
Joining the United Nations Global Compact
Daicel Corporation signed the United Nations Global Compact in April 2020 in support of this initiative and with the aim of helping to resolve global issues as a responsible corporate citizen. Furthermore, the Daicel Group promotes responsible corporate management as a means of contributing the creation of a sustainable society. Specifically, it upholds and practices the Ten
Principles in the areas of human
rights, labor, the environment,
and anti-corruption, priority areas
designated by the UN Global
Compact.
Cultivating a Sustainability Mindset
To accelerate sustainability in a concerted Group effort, we must nurture a mindset with which all employees develop a good understanding of the significance of sustainability, think about ways in which their work can accelerate sustainability, and take actions. To this end, we conduct briefings and use intranet sites to cultivate a shared sustainability mindset among employees across the Group.
   Reports
Advises
Relevant committees and projects (RC Council and others)
 Management Meetings
 Reports
Advises Instructs
 Sustainable Management Committee
Chair: President
Vice Chair: Director in charge of Corporate Sustainability Division Advisor: Director in charge of corporate division related to CSR Members: Heads of relevant corporate divisions; leaders of
relevant projects; and the heads of business divisions, Group companies, and R&D division
Issues to be addressed across divisions
 Subcommittees on specific issues
DAICEL Report 2020 33
The Daicel Group will pursue the following strategies under its new Mid-Term Management Strategy, “Accelerate 2025.”
◦Achieve Independence in R (research: identifying the seeds of new businesses from the user’s viewpoint) and D (development: upgrading the ability to create businesses)
◦Create businesses through the interaction of Proactive IP, which functions as an antenna for development and business creation, R (research), and D (development)
With these strategies we will aggressively create new businesses through collaboration with the Intellectual Property Center, Research Center, Innovation and Business Development Headquarters, and individual Business Units (BUs).
Technology and Intellectual Property
Strengthening business with Proactive IP
Extend information network for creating business Technology and business strategy based on market information
    Research
Identifying seeds of new business from user’s viewpoint
Solutions for future issues of society
Organic-inorganic hybrid materials Biomass products tree
Development
Upgrading of business creation ability
Co-solution with partners
IP Landscape
  Incubation and development of key technologies
All of us are part of sales force!
New assessment/analysis technology Virtual laboratories Collaboration with other companies/M&A
  Proactive IP (Aggressive Action on Intellectual Property)
The Intellectual Property Center does not limit itself to applying for and obtaining rights; we also take aggressive action in this area to bolster Daicel’s business operations by utilizing intellectual property from a global perspective in order to secure a competitive market advantage, acquire core technologies, and contribute to business creation. In business creation, we conduct a holistic analysis to visualize a vast amount of information on intellectual property and markets to analyze and predict key processes and technologies. We accelerate innovation by conducting an IP landscape analysis that enables us to select new business themes for allocating management resources and establishing new business models.
  Independence of R and D
  R (Research)
The Research Center set up under the president
in October 2019 plays a key role in R (research) for solving future social issues by identifying the seeds
of new businesses from the user’s viewpoint. The Center serves the functions of both think tank and research that link Daicel’s products and technologies with social needs. It is responsible for the planning and research of new hybrid materials that combine the organic materials technology cultivated by Daicel and the inorganic materials technology of others. The center takes the lead in exploring and designing new functions and technologies through open innovation between industry, government, and academia. In view of worsening environmental problems, we are also seeking to form a biomass products tree based on our materials and technologies that contributes to a circular society.
32 DAICEL Report 2020
D(Development)
We pursue D (development) to upgrade our business creation
ability to turn seeds into solutions that meet actual needs. We are accelerating our drive to create new businesses under a value providing model through collaboration between the Business Development Headquarters and individual Strategic Business
Units. The headquarters was set up in October 2019 as part of
our organizational reform, with an integrated system for performing functions ranging from planning and developing new products to mass production and business creation. United under the slogan “All of us are part of the sales force!” every employee engages with the market and is involved in upgrading our business plans as we strive to meet customer needs while seeking to acquire and develop the necessary technology by working with outside players. Furthermore, we derive optimal solutions for issues that arise at each stage,
from R&D through production, by utilizing virtual labs, simulation technology, and new evaluation and analytics technologies that help reduce development times and costs.
  Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Foundation of Sustainability
 Responsible Care Activities
Daicel Group’s Responsible Care
To practice the spirit of Responsible Care (RC), the Daicel Group established the Daicel Group Basic Policies for Responsible Care and is promoting across-the-board RC activities to contribute to the sustainable development of society.
Targets, Results, and Assessments of RC Activities
 Boundary
FY2020/3 Targets
FY2020/3 Results
Assessment
          Business sites of Daicel
Aim for zero occupational accidents (placing particular focus on preventing injuries due to encounters with hazardous substances and falls).
◎
             Continue holding workplace safety meetings by, for example, grouping attendees by type of manufacturing operations.
Held safety meetings focused on the processing and assembly-style manufacturing.
      Continue to roll out activities aimed at learning from the lessons of the past.
Confirmed lessons of the past and effectiveness of countermeasures.
    Aim for zero accidents involving fires, explosions, and leaks.
2 small fires and 8 leaks occurred
        Responsible Care Activities
The Daicel Group is implementing RC activities on the following fronts: Occupational Health and Safety, Process Safety and Disaster Prevention, Environmental Preservation, Chemical and Product Safety, Distribution Safety, and Communication with Society. The Daicel Group promotes these RC activities under the RC Council.
The council is chaired by a director placed in charge of RC by appointment by the president and CEO, who bears ultimate responsibility for RC activities. The council comprises the president of the Daicel workers union and heads of administrative divisions appointed by the Chairperson as well as the Responsible Care Division, which serves as the secretariat for the council. The council formulates basic policies and RC activity plans for the following fiscal year and conducts RC audits.
Total Environmental, Health and Safety Assessment System
The Daicel Group operates a Total Environmental, Health and Safety Assessment System (“Total EHS Assessment System”) as a means for evaluating risk in its business activities.
■ Diagram of Responsible Care Promotion System
Responsible Care Division Corporate Divisions Strategic Business Units Internal Companies
RC Promotion Organization
A pre-assessment of new plans identifies diverse risks associated with all business operations, including R&D, production, consumption, and disposal. And assessment results are applied during thorough consideration of environmental, health, and safety issues.
Business sites of Daicel (including partner companies)
Domestic Group companies
Business sites of Daicel (including partner companies)
Domestic Group companies
△
△
△
Systematically promote preventive measures against risks that may lead to accidents, the ability to deal with accidents, and measures to ensure the early resumption of product supply.
Reviewed risks that may lead to accidents, strengthened the system for responding to accidents, and prepared for the early resumption of product supply.
      Enhance BCPs*1 for key products.
Strengthened the BCPs in accordance with BCP guidelines.
      Strengthen security measures in accordance with security guidelines.
    Aim for zero accidents involving fires, explosions, and leaks.
Systematically strengthened access control at the gates of each business site in accordance with security guidelines.
 There were 4 small fires.
       Chair
RC Vice-chair
Council Members Secretariat
Director in Charge of Responsible Care President, the Daicel Workers Union Auditing Office, Corporate Compliance Program Division, etc. Responsible Care Division
Systematically address priority issues for each Group company.
Step up security measures at each Group company in accordance with security guidelines.
      —○ Response to REACH*2 ○
Initiatives to secure compliance with other chemical regulations
Management of chemical substance information
VOC*4 ◎
PRTR*5 ◎ Assessment criteria: ◎ → Succeeded by meeting or exceeding targets (100% or more) ○ → Nearly achieved targets (80% or more)
*1 BCPs (Business Continuity Plans) aim to minimize damage and ensure a swift restoration of operations should a business site be hit by an earthquake or other major disaster. *2 REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals) mandate that producers must register their chemical products with the European Union and
conduct safety assessments, restrict their use, and control permits for their use.
*3 D-CLik is a unique database developed by Daicel to manage chemical substance information.
*4 VOCs (Volatile Organic Compounds) include such well-known examples as toluene, xylene, and ethyl acetate.
*5 PRTR (Pollutant Release and Transfer Register) is a system with which business operators calculate the amount of chemical compounds emitted into the environment or
 Improve 5-year average energy intensity by at least 1% (based on the calculation method in the Energy Conservation Act).
Systematically addressed priority issues for each Group company.
      Stepped up consideration of security measures in accordance with security guidelines.
   Prevent recurrence of logistics issues such as contact accidents at customer sites as well as shipping and delivery errors.
Strove to prevent recurrence of logistics issues such as contact accidents at customer sites as well as shipping and delivery errors.
      Eliminate leaks of hazardous substances as well as shipping and delivery errors.
Decreased from the previous fiscal year.
      Energy intensity did not improve by 1% or more.
     Ensure a consistent response to REACH.
     ○
  ○
 Remain apprised of the latest developments and trends in chemical regulations and act appropriately to secure responsiveness to such regulations.
Responded steadily to REACH.
  Regularly researched information on the revision of chemical regulations in Japan and overseas while holding in-house meetings to share such information.
  Each Business Site (Including Group Companies)
RC Promotion Organization
   Register new chemical products with the D-CLik*3 database and update product information based on additional testing results.
Registered new chemical products with the D-CLik database and updated this information based on additional testing results.
  Group Companies in Japan
   Maintain a reduction of VOC emissions by 40% or more from levels recorded in FY2001/3.
Reduced VOC emissions by 58% from levels recorded in FY2001/3.
    Maintain a reduction of PRTR substance emissions by 40% or more from levels recorded in FY2002/3.
Reduced PRTR substance emissions by 81% from levels recorded in FY2002/3.
     34 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 35
Promote energy conservation to achieve the FY2021/3 targets set forth in the KEIDANREN’s (Japan Business Federation) Commitment to a Low Carbon Society.
△ → Failed to meet targets (40% or more)× → Results fell far short of targets (less than 40%)
transferred off-site for treatment or disposal during production, usage, or storage in Japan and also notify the government of these figures.
Emissions totaled 1.08 million tonnes against the GHG emission target of 1.58 million tonnes for 2020 (Business as Usual basis).
  Daicel Group’s Basic Policies for Responsible Care
Reduce energy intensity by 1% or more from the previous fiscal year (based on calculation methods stipulated by the Energy Saving Act).
Energy intensity improved by 1.1%.
       Domestic Group companies
Reduce energy intensity by 1% or more from the previous fiscal year (based on calculation methods stipulated by the Energy Saving Act).
Failed to meet the target of reducing energy intensity by 1% or more.
△
       1. In accordance with management policy, we will comply with laws and regulations and strive to safeguard the environment, health, and safety. For this purpose, we share specific implementation plans among all employees and put them into action.
2. We will strive to continually improve environmental, health, and safety performance and the security of facilities as well as processes and technologies throughout the entire chemical lifecycle, from development to disposal, and inform society of the results of such efforts.
3. We will further reduce our consumption of resources and energy and strive to reduce, reuse, and recycle waste.
4. We will protect the environment and people’s health and safety by driving continual improvement in chemical product safety and stewardship throughout the supply chain.
5. We will practice risk−based chemical management throughout the entire chemical lifecycle, from development and production to use, consumption, and disposal and strive to strengthen our chemical management systems by continual improvement.
6. We will influence the employees and the value chain stakeholders to promote the safe management of chemicals within their own operations.
7. We will strengthen our stakeholder relationships by understanding and responding to stakeholder concerns and expectations about safer operations and products as well as openly communicating about our performance and products.
8. We will put the Daicel Group’s overall efforts into continually improving initiatives for the environment, health, and safety in order to meet stakeholder expectations.
9. We will contribute to the sustainable development of society by developing and providing unique and innovative technologies and other solutions.
10. We will promote biodiversity-friendly activities in order to pass on the wealth of nature to future generations.
Business sites of Daicel
Reduce final landfill indices to not more than 16% of levels recorded in FY2001/3 to achieve our FY2021/3 target ahead of schedule.
Reduced final landfill indices to 20%.
△
      Domestic Group companies
Maintain zero emission status at all Domestic Group companies.
Accomplished zero emission status at all Group companies.
◎
     Aim for zero occupational accident
(placing particular focus on preventing serious incidents, such as encounters with hazardous substances, heat stress and falling accidents).
23 occupational accidents (17 in the previous fiscal year) Compared to the previous fiscal year, heatstroke incidents decreased, but each of injuries from hazardous substances and falling increased slightly.
△
      Utilize TRC branch offices at each plant to enhance the content of hazard simulation training.
Enhanced and strengthened training related to unique technologies and basic operations and hazard simulation training at TRC branch offices at each plant.
   13 occupational accidents (9 in the previous fiscal year) Compared to the previous fiscal year, injuries from falling decreased.
Conceptual Framework for Daicel Group Values
Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Highlights Growth Strategies
Foundation of Sustainability
Financial Information / Corporate Information
Global warming countermeasures
Waste reduction and recycling
Environmental Preservation Occupational Health and Safety Process Safety and Disaster Prevention Distribution Safety
Chemical Safety Initiative
President and CEO

 Foundation of Sustainability
 Special Feature
Promoting Multifaceted Energy Savings
Energy-intensive companies, including chemical manufacturers, are increasingly under pressure to reduce their environmental impact. At the Daicel Group, we are managing and making good progress in our energy- saving initiatives from three angles: Energy Department energy savings; energy savings in existing production processes through production innovation initiatives; and the introduction of innovative energy-saving technologies.
  2
Optimizing Energy Savings in Production Processes
Energy consumption by the Himeji Production Sector and Ohtake Plant account for 80% of the Group’s overall consumption. We treat these as one virtual factory and centrally manage information related to their manufacturing processes. This enables us to formulate optimal manufacturing plans and achieve overall optimization and energy savings.
   Harima Plant
Kanzaki Plant
West Japan
Self-consignment of electric power
Innovation Park
Ohtake Plant
Himeji Production Sector
Virtual Factory
Manufactures our key product, cellulose acetate
Implement a mechanism that adapts to the different energy settings of these plants and, based on the required manufacturing output, formulates the optimal manufacturing plan and associated energy settings while also considering energy, inventory, and logistics.
         Arai Plant
Group Companies
East Japan
Energy Operation Optimization System
In order to manage our energy consumption in accordance with the optimal manufacturing plan, we have introduced the Energy Operation Optimization System. This provides online monitoring and controls over the actual operational settings based on the optimal settings as calculated by simulation, and it is used by the Himeji Production Sector and Ohtake Plant.
Leveraging the Self-Consignment System*
As part of optimizing energy supply and demand, in June 2018 the Ohtake Plant started sending excess generated electricity to other worksites in West Japan using the self-consignment system. In May 2020, the system was extended to the Arai Plant in East Japan. Looking ahead, we expect to further extend the system to other Group companies toward achieving zero purchased electricity at the Group level.
*The system to supply of electricity to our facilities in other locations with energy generated by our own facilities using the electric company’s distribution network.
  1
Saving Energy at the Energy Department
Each of our plants generates its own steam and electricity for its manufacturing processes while also upgrading their facilities and switching to better fuels for greater energy conservation.
3
Developing Innovative Energy Saving Technologies
We are aggressively identifying energy-intensive processes and taking action to reduce energy consumption by either improving our technologies or developing completely new ones.
        Aboshi Plant
In September 2012, the plant installed a cogeneration system with gas turbines. In June 2019, it started selling its excess electricity.
Ohtake Plant
In August 2007, the plant started selling its excess electricity. In July 2016, it installed an additional boiler. Two dual- fuel boilers are run in parallel using a mix of coal and scrap tires as fuel.
Arai Plant
In January 2017, the plant switched from a coal boiler to a cogeneration system with gas turbines.
▪Enhancing Our Current Technologies
Vapor Recompression (VRC) Technology P. 38
We have established a technology for recovering low-temperature exhaust heat from the organic solvent distillation process, which previously was not possible. In January 2015, we implemented an acetic acid recovery plant with a proof-of-concept capability in the cellulose acetate manufacturing area of the Aboshi Plant and started a test run the following month. We have so far achieved our goal of reducing energy consumption by 30% and will continue to analyze the new technology toward establishing a stable, long- term application.
Modified Petlyuk distillation process P. 38
Daicel has modified the Petlyuk distillation process so that our facilities can use the technology. After lab-scale experiments and simulations, our acetic anhydride manufacturing facilities were identified as candidates for application. Demonstration tests conducted in January 2014 achieved
the targeted energy savings of 30%, and we are currently in the process
of commercializing the technology at these facilities. In future, we plan to extend its use to other similar processes at the Ohtake Plant and lower our CO2 emissions even more.
▪New Technologies that Adapt to Environmental Change
Membrane Separation Technology
The evaporation process in distillation consumes massive amounts of energy. Dramatic energy savings, however, are possible if a membrane separation technology is used instead. And we have been evaluating the operating life of various candidate membranes since April 2016.
New Reaction Technology
We developed an innovative process, which leverages a proprietary reaction technology with a new catalyst. This is installed at the Aboshi Plant’s 1,3-BG facility, which will be completed in September 2020. We expect that energy consumption will be reduced by approximately 20% compared to that of conventional technologies.
New Wastewater Treatment Technology (Anaerobic Wastewater Treatment Technology)
Anaerobic wastewater treatment does not require oxygen and therefore requires less energy. In addition, the methane gas generated can be used for heating. Since April 2016, we have been experimenting and validating this new technology for use in production.
Using Tire Derived Fuel to Reduce Fossil Fuel Use
At the Ohtake Plant, a mix of coal and scrap tires is used as fuel for its boilers. Using a mixture that contains at least 46% of scrap tires enables the generation of steam and electricity that emits less CO2 than LNG, a lower carbon fuel. Excess electricity is sent to our other business sites using a self-consignment system and also sold externally to start-up energy companies. We are improving this process continuously by procuring higher quality scrap tires, ensuring stable boiler operation, and using a fuel mix with a higher scrap tire ratio. We have recently been working toward a ratio of over 50%.
 ▪How the Tire Derived Fuel Ratio Affects CO2 Emission intensity* CO2 Emission (t-CO2/GJ)
▪Tire Derived Fuel Ratio at the Ohtake Plant (%)
▪Energy Consumption
▪Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions (1,000 t-CO2)
  0.10 0.08 0.06 0.04 0.02
0
*Volume of energy-derived CO2 emissions as defined in the Energy Conservation Act.
50 40 30 20 10
0
Continued Focus on Additional (1,000 kL) 462 Energy Saving Measures 500
436
411 383
19/3 20/3
1,800 1,600
0
1,735
17/3
A Tire Derived Fuel of 46% or higher results in a CO2 emission intensity lower than that of LNG.
10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 Tire Derived Fuel Ratio (%)
The Daicel Group will continue to seek 250
energy saving opportunities and implement
additional measures via its three-angle 0
approach, including the introduction of *Scope: Daicel’s plants innovative process technologies.
(FY)
1,657 1,644
18/3 19/3
1,539
20/3 (FY)
                  LNG
      Carbon/Tire Derived Fuel
  17/3
18/3
   36
DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 37
08/3 09/3 10/3 11/3 12/3 13/3 14/3 15/3 16/3 17/3 18/3 19/3 20/3 (FY)
*Scope: Daicel’s plants, Tokyo main offices, Osaka main office, Nagoya sales office, H.R. Training Center, employee welfare facility in Himeji
 P
o
t
e
s
e
n
i
n
t
i
a
a
p
l
m
l
o
y
c
p
a
u
o
r
d
G
r
e
t
h
o
p
t
t
h
i
s
c
o
n
c
e
p
t
a
t
o
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Foundation of Sustainability
 Environmental Report
Environmental Management
Global Warming Prevention
The Daicel Group is making a concerted effort to reduce CO2 emissions by comprehensively reviewing production processes, introducing new technologies, and engaging in initiatives for optimizing Group-wide energy consumption
to save energy. In FY2020/3, we reduced domestic energy consumption by 44 thousand kL (8% of the previous fiscal year in crude-oil equivalent) year-on-year to 478 thousand kL. In terms of average change in energy intensity based on the calculation method defined by the Energy Saving Act, we achieved a 1.1% improvement at Daicel’s business sites compared to our target of a year-on-year improvement of at least 1%. The energy intensity index* based on FY2010/3 declined by 2 percentage points from the previous fiscal
  Basic Approach
 In accordance with the Daicel Group’s environmental management policy, each of Daicel’s business sites and Group companies execute their own Environmental Management System, including setting targets and monitoring progress. The entire Group will work together to utilize and innovate clean energy solutions effectively in order to reduce greenhouse gases and establish a recycling-based society by practicing the 3Rs and reducing environmental load. Through these efforts, the Daicel Group will contribute to building a sustainable society.
Our Structure for Promoting Energy-Saving Initiatives
The Group’s Energy Conservation Committee is chaired
by the director of Responsible Care and operated directly under the president and CEO. With representatives from all relevant divisions, the committee is spearheading across-the-
■ Diagram of Energy-Saving Promotion System
board environmental management efforts such as reducing energy consumption, CO2 emissions, and industrial wastes while also managing atmospheric and water pollution. The committee applies a three-dimensional strategy to manage such efforts.
year to 80%. The Daicel Group’s domestic CO2 emissions in FY2020/3 fell 147 thousand tonnes CO2 (10% year-on-year) to 1,261 thousand tonnes CO2. Meanwhile, CO2 emissions by Daicel’s business sites decreased by 1,081 thousand tonnes CO2 (10% year-on-year), thereby achieving the target of CO2 emissions (BAU) for FY2021/3 of 1,580 thousand tonnes CO2 or less, under the Commitment to a Low Carbon Society plan laid out by the Keidanren (Japan Business Federation).
Since reducing CO2 emissions across the supply chain is essential for further reducing global warming, we expanded the scope of our Scope 3 calculations based on the GHG Protocol, a global standard, starting FY2020/3.
 *Energy intensity index: Energy intensity is measured by the quantity of energy required per unit output or activity. In an index of energy intensity, the energy intensity is the quantity of energy required per unit output and the energy intensity of a reference year is treated as 100.
■ Energy Consumption and Intensity Index (Domestic) (Left axis) Energy Consumption Business sites of Daicel:
Domestic Group companies:
(Right axis) Energy intensity index (base year: FY2010/3) Business sites of Daicel:
■  CO2 Emissions Attributable to Energy Consumption and the Intensity Index (Domestic)
  Saving Energy at the Energy Department
• Optimization of boiler and turbine operations at Aboshi, Ohtake and Arai plants
   Energy meetings
Energy-saving at energy-intensive facilities
 Raw Material Purchasing Center Energy Department
Optimal operation and recycled fuels
  (1,000 kL)
800
600
400
200
16/3 17/3 18/3 19/3 20/3 (FY) 0 0 16/3 17/3 Reduction and Recycling of Industrial Waste
83 86 461
79 78 80 95 105 111 95
213 1,261 75
(%)
100 557 541 522 478 75
(kt-CO2) 100 2,000 93
1,486 1,591 1,500 260 260
92
1,465 249
18/3
(%)
90 92 100 1,408
(Left axis) CO2 Emissions Business sites of Daicel: Domestic Group companies:
(Right axis) Energy intensity index (base year: FY2006/3) Business sites of Daicel:
          Optimizing Energy Savings in Production Processes
• Optimization of Group operations through Self- consignment of electric power
• Introduction of systems to optimize plant operations
• Optimization of energy use through improved facility
utilization
      95 50 1,000 366 383 25 500
180 1,081 25
20/3 (FY) 0
50
    Production innovation projects
Promotion of energy- and resource-saving at plants
 Plant Energy-Saving Committee
Grassroots energy- saving activities*1
      462
436
411
1,226
1,331
1,216
1,195
   0
Daicel participates in the KEIDANREN Voluntary Action Plan on the Environment for a Recycling-Oriented Society. The Group is working on initiatives in line with this plan to reduce consumption of resources and also to promote the reduction and recycling of industrial waste.
In FY2020/3, the amount of industrial waste generated by domestic Group companies increased by 24 thousand tonnes compared to the previous fiscal year to 169 thousand tonnes. This was the result of such factors as an increase
19/3
   Developing Innovative Energy Saving Technologies
• Vapor Recompression (VRC) Technology*2
• Modified Petlyuk distillation process*3
• Membrane Separation Technology
• New Wastewater Treatment Technology (Anaerobic Wastewater Treatment Technology)
   Innovative energy-saving projects
Drastic energy- and resource-saving through process innovation
 Plants/Business companies R&D Division
New process development
   *1 Grassroots energy-saving activities: Activities aimed at saving energy by, for example, stepping up steam trap management, optimizing facility operations, and adjusting the temperature settings of air conditioners, with the aim of making a significant difference through the accumulation of small actions.
*2,3 See page 37 for more information on the energy saving effects of vapor recompression (VRC) technology and the Modified Petlyuk distillation process.
■ Environmental Impact of Business Activities https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/environment/index.html
■ I nnovative Energy-Saving Technologies Aimed at Reducing Energy Consumption (Modified Petlyuk distillation process, VRC Technologies)
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/environment/global-warming.html
■ Status of Environmental Management System Certification https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/other/declaration.html
in metal waste generated by removal work at the Arai Plant. The final disposal volume for domestic Group companies in FY2020/3 increased by 1.6 thousand tonnes year-on-year to 3.1 thousand tonnes, and the landfill index was 20%, compared to the reference year of FY2001/3. This was due to the disposal of a large volume of products at the Aboshi Plant caused by Typhoon No. 19. Meanwhile, all of Daicel’s domestic Group companies have achieved zero emission status.
  ■  Data for Amount of Industrial Waste Generated, Amount of Disposal by Landfill https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/environment/industrial-waste.html
  38 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 39
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation for Daicel Group Values Highlights
Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information
Chaired by the director in charge of RC
President and CEO

 Foundation of Sustainability
 Social Report
Enhancing Product Quality
Quality Management System
Taking advantage of the characteristics of our products
that have been developed through our long history and rich heritage of technologies, our plants and Group companies have been certified under international quality standards
for each business field. We have the quality management system necessary for our businesses in place that complies with standards such as ISO 9001, which specifies the basic concepts, IATF 16949 for the automotive sector, ISO 22000 for food safety management, and JIS Q9100 for Aerospace & Defense Systems.
All complaints, inquiries, and requests from our customers are first reviewed by the marketing department,
■ Q  uality Policy for Daicel Group https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/social/safe/
Process Safety and Disaster Prevention
  Basic Approach
 Daicel Group Conduct Policy states our determination to “offer safe, high-quality products and services that satisfy and earn the trust of customers.” Through our steadfast commitment to this policy as well as the following quality policy, we will remain committed to raising the level of customer satisfaction.
■ Q  uality management system certification acquired by Daicel Group companies https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/other/declaration.html#anc-2
Promotion of the White Logistics Movement
Agreeing to the White Logistics Movement, launched by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT), Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries (MAFF), the Daicel Group submitted a declaration of its voluntary activities to the secretariat of the movement on September 27, 2019.
The key objective of the movement is to improve productivity of truck transportation and logistics efficiency while also striving to realize a “white” labor environment that makes work easier for female drivers and those over the age of 60. Promotion of the White Logistics Movement is expected to improve productivity, reduce CO2 emissions, ensure stable logistics, and fulfill social responsibilities.
*The White Logistics Movement is the key initiative of the “Action plans for the work-style reform in the automobile transportation industry,” led by the Ministry
of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT), Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI), and Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries (MAFF). This movement responds to the worsening shortage of truck drivers and is intended
to ensure the stable logistics necessary for people’s lives as well as industrial activities and economic growth. Additionally, it encourages collaboration among transportation companies and consigners to achieve this common goal.
which is responsible for customer contact. Then they are immediately sent to the dedicated database and shared with the relevant departments, such as quality assurance, manufacturing, and development. Our plants and internal departments regularly hold quality assurance meetings and continue to discuss how to improve or stabilize product quality based on feedback from customers. As such,
our plants and marketing departments work together to continually maintain and improve our quality management system. Meanwhile, the Quality Management Division, operating directly under the president and CEO, collects and analyzes quality data and conducts quality audits, which lead to continuous improvement of the entire Group.
Through its risk assessment process, the Daicel Group identifies risks associated with process safety and disaster prevention. We continuously strive to maintain safe and stable operations and achieve zero accidents by taking the necessary measures to reduce these identified risks.
In FY2020/3, the entire domestic Group encountered six cases of small fires (e.g., ignition of powder and foamed resin products) and eight leakage accidents. None of the incidents had much impact on our operations; however, we are investigating the root causes and taking preventive measures to address both physical and human errors.
Since most of the small fires were caused by static electricity, we thoroughly inspected how powder is handled within the Group and strengthened measures to prevent electrostatic accidents. We also established a working team consisting of young and expert engineers from each plant to verify the conformity of on-site work with our safety standards and remind everyone of the lessons of past electrostatic accidents.
Distribution Safety
As a distributor, Daicel Corporation works with Daicel Logistics Service Co., Ltd. to ensure safe distribution and quality management. Daicel Logistics Service Co., Ltd. has set its safety target as maintaining its status of zero logistics accidents and zero occupational accidents and achieving zero at-fault traffic accidents. Its quality management target is stated as: “take responsibility as a logistics contracting company by quickly and sincerely responding to complaints and accidents relating to logistics to earn the CS (customer satisfaction) of the distributors.”
In FY2020/3, Daicel Logistics Service maintained zero- accident status, but one incident occurred at our partner company in the course of logistics operations. The number of logistics issues including shipping and delivery errors and customer complaints as defined by Daicel Logistics Service’s standards decreased by five from the previous fiscal year. Since most of the observed incidents were reoccurrences of past issues, we intend to improve our preventive measures and raise employee awareness. In addition, with the help of partner companies, we will identify the root causes for the observed issues to improve our prevention measures.
Earthquake, Tsunami and Liquefaction Countermeasures
Daicel has been systematically advancing assessments of risk associated with earthquakes, tsunamis, and liquefaction as well as the analyses of seismic conditions and structural reinforcement of its facilities. We have also installed satellite communication antennas as part of an effort to upgrade our information network infrastructure to secure communications between key business sites in times of wide-area disaster. Furthermore, we periodically conduct disaster drills at each of our business sites to familiarize employees with emergency procedures, such as life-saving procedures, measures for preventing further damage, and liaising with the relevant government bodies.
    Chemical and Product Safety
We remain in compliance with domestic and international laws and regulations with regards to chemical product management through the regulatory database search. Managers in relevant business units and at Group companies convene to exchange the latest information on legal and regulatory trends. As for the REACH*1, we completed the registration of all our chemical products in May 2018 and have met all the interim registration deadlines based on the volume of chemical products manufactured and exported.
In addition, we maintain a central proprietary data bank
for all our chemical substance information to facilitate
an assessment of the risks associated with its chemical products, efficient preparation of SDS*2 and labels, and the prompt provision of information to customers. Furthermore, to ensure the appropriate management of chemical substances, we regularly train all relevant employees on the risks and hazardous properties of chemical substances, appropriate handling methods, and prevailing laws and regulations.
 *1 REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals): The regulation mandates that producers must register their chemical products with the European Union and conduct safety assessments, restrict their use, and control permits for their use.
*2 SDS (Safety data sheet): A document providing information on the properties of chemical substances and instructions for handling them.
40 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 41
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Foundation of Sustainability
 Social Report
Creating Attractive Workplaces
Occupational Health and Safety
To build a safe work environment as set forth in the Daicel Code of Conduct, the Group conducts self-assessments of all its activities, such as R&D, manufacturing, and logistics, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and promotes various measures to ensure the safety of its own workplaces.
All our business sites promote 3S, namely seiri (tidying), seiton (putting everything in order), and seisou (cleaning),
as an effort to improve the foundation of our production sites that place the highest priority on safety. Our Operation Training Center (TRC) branch offices also provide labor safety and health training as companywide training.
Initiatives toward Zero Occupational Accidents
As part of Responsible Care activities, the Group appropriately manages its labor safety and health under the Responsible Care Promotion System, which operates directly under the supervision of the president and CEO.
In FY2020/3, the number of occupational accidents that occurred in Japan was 36, consisting of 16 with lost workdays and 20 without lost workdays. The number of
■ Occupational Accident Frequency Rate* (Domestic) (Left axis) lost workdays: without lost workdays:
accidents categorized as falls, cuts, or scratches increased by nine from the previous fiscal year. In addition, accidents categorized as chemical injuries or falling from heights also remained at the same level as in the previous fiscal year.
In particular, we have strengthened safety measures
for employees working in high places, taking into account the fall of an employee from a contract company during the equipment removal work at the Arai Plant.
As in the previous fiscal year, the occupational health and safety manager, health nurses, and the facility manager at each site continued to conduct patrols for preventing heatstroke and injury and took countermeasures against the increase in wet-bulb globe temperature, or WBGT. These efforts resulted in four fewer incidents of heatstroke, including near-misses, compared to the previous fiscal year. On the other hand, the number in our overseas Group companies increased by 13 from the previous year for a total of 39.
Going forward, we will continue to focus on preventing serious occupational accidents such as heat stroke and injury from hazardous substances as well as falls, as our top priority.
■ Occupational Accident Frequency Rate (Overseas) (Left axis) lost workdays: without lost workdays:
(Accidents) (Right axis) Frequency Rate:
5
4
3
2 40 1
0
Recognized as a “WHITE 500” organization under the 2020 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition Program
Initiatives to Help Employees Maintain Mental and Physical Health
Daicel recognizes the importance of its employees’ health and their ability to perform their work happily. It will help employees lead positive, fulfilling lives, and at the same
time it will contribute to sustainable corporate development. Accordingly, the Company has positioned helping employees maintain mental and physical health as an important management task. Following the Daicel Declaration on Health
■ Daicel Declaration on Health Management https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/social/health.html
Management, the Company fosters a corporate culture that places the utmost priority on health and thereby pursuing sound corporate management to contribute to people’s well- being and the creation of an affluent society.
In 2003, the Company established Central and Local Healthcare Committees consisting of representatives from labor unions, management and Daicel's health insurance society. These committees are working to improve healthcare support for the Daicel Group.
  Basic Approach
 In accordance with the Daicel Group’s Basic Philosophy, Daicel Group Conduct Policy, and each Group company’s code of conduct, we maintain safe and vibrant workplaces, where different values and individualities are embraced and respected through systems and opportunities for empowering diverse employees.
    1.87 11 12 9 15
1.94
2.10
2.12 1312111
and physical health of employees. Their activities also involve supporting the reinstatement of employees with mental health disorders, preventive education to provide early detection, and a timely response to mental issues and framework development. These are the efforts that have led to our receiving this honorable recognition.
revised in 2019 to place more emphasis on human rights and labor while also making the guidelines more understandable globally. The guidelines specify objectives, basic concepts, compliance rules and recommendations, associated with human resource practices covering human rights and labor, recruitment, compensation, human resources development system and the appraisal system. In the guidelines, basic concepts, for instance, stipulate the need to "respect human rights and reject complicity in human rights violations"
and "develop a culture where the employer, superiors and subordinates think of each individual's career and put ideas into practice."
The Three Core Principles of Our Human Resources Policy
  (Accidents)
(Right axis) Frequency Rate:
Daicel Corporation was recognized as a “WHITE 500” organization under the 2020 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organization Recognition Program. Under the Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition Program, co−sponsored by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry and Nippon Kenko Kaigi, companies are selected for their excellent health management initiatives such as those tailored to the needs of local communities and initiatives in line with Nippon Kenko Kaigi’s goals.
In Daicel, under the themes “mental health care” and “physical health care,” members of the Central Health Care Committee organized by labor management and the health insurance society, including industrial health staff (industrial doctors, public health nurses, etc.) and psychiatrists, take action together to maintain and improve the mental
Human Resource Management
In following our aim to globalize our businesses and rapidly expand overseas, we established the Human Resources Policy of the Daicel Group in 2013 to guide our employees with diverse values on working together. This policy underpins various personnel practices such as recruitment, training and development, placement, and determining appropriate treatment. The policy is characterized with the phrase “People are the foundation for our success.”
Moreover, we have been building a solid foundation for our human resource management systems based on the group-wide Human Resource Guidelines, which were
■ Daicel Group's Human Resources Policy People are the Foundation
for Our Success
■ Human Resource Guidelines https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/social/hrm.html
100
 80
 60
 40
 20
  0
100 5
     2.65
80 60
3.36 4 2.43 3
       1.09
1.17
4 4 6 11 16
2
13 15161718190
1.06
20
20 0
22 7 15 13 15 17
 Will
Diversity & Inclusion Integrity
     16/3 17/3 18/3 19/3 20/3 (FY)
We encourage the strong will and courageous decisions of each individual.
We continue to evolve through the interaction of our diverse personalities. We do the right thing and proudly follow the right path.
  *Occupational Accident Frequency Rate = (number of people involved in an occupational accident / total actual working hours) × 1 million hours
 42 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 43
TOPICS
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Foundation of Sustainability
 Social Report
Human Resource Development
People are the foundation of our corporate activities. The Daicel Group has defined its basic approach to human resource development to secure employees who respect others and appreciate new situations and perspectives while also sustaining the passion and focus to see tasks through to completion.
Work-Life Balance Promotion
Daicel is striving to develop an environment in which all employees can work vibrantly with confidence, and the Company therefore supports a work-life balance. It is also promoting flexible work styles while improving working conditions in order to establish an environment that helps diverse human resources pursue success.
Furthermore, we are taking on work style reforms, and thus, proactively making changes in the ways we process our tasks, with the aim of securing greater productivity.
Initiatives to Shorten Working Hours
In order to improve the work-life balance of all our employees and create working environments that meet their individual needs, Daicel is proactively pursuing three targets: 1) shortening regular working hours, 2) increasing the number of holidays, and 3) reducing overtime hours.
In 2018, we reduced regular working hours for full-time employees from 8 to 7.5 hours per business day, resulting in a decrease of approximately 120 hours or about 6.2% in regular annual working hours. In addition, in April 2020, we increased the annual holidays for shift workers by 10 days.
Improvement in the Annual Paid Leave Acquisition Ratio
In 2016, Daicel set out a goal of achieving 70% or more in its annual paid leave acquisition ratio. To accomplish this, each worksite designates a few special days in their annual operational calendar, on which employees are encouraged to take annual paid leave. The number of these designated special days was increased from 3 to 4 in FY2019/3 and then further increased to 5 in FY2020/3. This has contributed to our current 73.6% annual paid leave acquisition ratio.
Promoting Telework
(Working from Home and at Satellite Offices)
The Company promotes telework as a flexible, efficient work style that eliminates the limitations associated with specific working times or workplaces. In April 2017, we implemented a program that allows eligible employees, including those engaged in child and nursing care, to work from home. In 2018, the program’s eligibility was extended to include all employees, and its limitation on the number of days that employees are allowed to work from home per month was
eliminated.
From the beginning of 2020, telework quickly became
widespread to prevent the spread of COVID-19. As a general rule, 70% of employees working for the Tokyo and Osaka head offices and Nagoya Sales Office are requested to telework, and the target number of employees coming into these offices has been reduced to 30%. In addition, employees at our other work sites also began partially working from home. We do not intend for this to be a temporary trend, but regard it as an opportunity to change our work style with a view to continuing to encourage our employees to make full use of telework.
Employee working at our satellite office
Daicel's Programs to Help Employees Adopt Flexible Work Styles
We ensure that our programs and policies related to childcare, nursing care, and other services exceed statutory requirements. We focused on implementing measures that improve the work-life balance of our employees, including flextime, working from home and satellite offices.
■  Daicel's Programs to Help Employees Adopt Flexible Work Styles
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/social/wlb.html
  ◦Nurturing human resources will help the Company grow.
◦Any attempt to achieve better results will nurture employees.
◦ With a corporate culture that trusts and values people, all Daicel employees shall undergo human resource development in line with their respective posts and responsibilities.
 Human Resource Development and Training Programs
We offer a full range of human resource development programs to employees to develop their skills, using a variety of methods such as on-the-job training, self-directed development, group seminars, and rotations.
•Training Programs for New Employees
To quickly equip new employees with the skills needed to start making contributions to the Company, Daicel provides a training program that covers a wide range of areas, from workplace conduct to basic knowledge, which prepares them for on-site training.
During the "Monozukuri Training" (manufacturing training), employees receive the training on the frontline of production. They are assigned eight-hour shifts and taught the fundamentals of manufacturing and plant operations. This experience deepens their appreciation of safety, quality, costs, and the environment, all watchwords of plant operations. Moreover, they are instructed in subjects relevant to their particular work areas.
•Career Development
Daicel provides training programs that are tailored toward different positions as defined in the Company’s job grade system, ranging from new employee to new director for Group Companies.
We also provide Nadeshiko Seminars for developing female leaders, overseas language training, and management training in Japan and overseas. All of these support mid- to long-term career development.
•Development of Specialized Skills
We maintain an extensive training curriculum, which ranges from the Monozukuri Training, offered to new employees, to sessions on specialized knowledge and skills needed at various points of their careers.
The Engineer Development Program, considered
a prerequisite for promotion to a managerial position,
is designed to enhance financial literacy as well as technical skills and knowledge. Daicel also has a separate career track focused on developing human resources
who specialize in very specific fields with the skills and knowledge to tackle the associated challenges. 11 Daicel employees are on this career track as of March 31, 2020, each playing a key role in their areas of specialty.
•Developing Global Talent
The Safety Strategic Business Unit (Safety SBU) manufactures airbag inflators for automobiles at six manufacturing sites, one in Japan and the other five overseas (U.S., China, South Korea, Thailand, and Poland). While each site develops its own training and development programs, the Human Development Center at the Harima Plant trains and certifies trainers specialized in critical processes and special skills to ensure that the same level of quality and safety are incorporated into manufacturing practices worldwide. As of March 31, 2020, there are 18 certified trainers across the globe, and each trains and certifies new trainers locally at the various business sites.
During the training program
     44 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 45
TOPICS
Selected as a “Company with Best Practices”
In November 2019, Daicel was selected as a “Company with Best Practices” by the Osaka Labor Bureau. In conjunction with the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare’s “No Overwork Campaign,” held every year in November, the Bureau identifies companies taking active measures to reduce overwork and gives them the title of “Company with Best Practices.” Our achievements in 1) shortening regular working hours, 2) introducing “free- address” seating in our head offices, and 3) introducing work-from-home, satellite offices, and other telework capabilities were highly evaluated and resulted in our receiving the honor.
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Foundation of Sustainability
 Social Report
Diversity Promotion
In line with the Daicel Group Conduct Policy, we are implementing initiatives to develop working environments that respect the diversity, personality and individuality of every member connected to the Daicel Group and shall contribute to realize a healthy and sound society that is free from discrimination and harassment.
We will continue to focus on diversity promotion and strive to be a company where employees from a diverse background respect and inspire each other and work together to create new value.
Helping Women Earn Career Success
In April 2016, we established an action plan for the Daicel Corporation to ensure that women who wish to develop high- profile careers are not encumbered in any way and are free to pursue their ambitions. Since the goals outlined in the plan were achieved in FY2019/3, ahead of schedule, a revised five-year action plan from 2016 to 2021 was created. This action plan is intended to achieve the following three targets.
*1 The original target, doubling the number of women who take managerial positions, was achieved in July 2018, and therefore a new target was established. The target is to increase the number from 12 in April 2016 to 30 by March 2021. It also includes the ratio of women in managerial positions.
*2 To clarify the target, it includes the ratio of women in senior roles (1st and 2nd level). The target is to increase the number from 84 in April 2016 to 109.
As of March 31, 2020, the number of women in managerial positions was 30 (3.7%), the number of women in senior roles was 107 (9.5%), and the annual paid leave acquisition ratio was 73.4%.
Promoting Employment of Persons with Disabilities
Daicel promotes hiring persons with disabilities to fulfill its social responsibilities of maintaining the ratio of these
individuals in the total workforce above the statutory employment rate. It also offers them opportunities to contribute as members of society and leverage their capabilities to the greatest extent possible. As of March
31, 2020, the ratio of persons with disabilities in the total workforce of Daicel amounted to 2.12% (non-consolidated). To ensure that each individual can contribute in the best possible way, we pay the utmost attention to assigning suitable jobs according to the degree of disability.
Encouraging Senior Employees to Remain Active in the Workforce
Daicel has a system in place that allows employees who have reached the retirement age of 60 to continue working for the Company and use their extensive knowledge and experience in the workforce. In FY2020/3, 52 out of 57 employees who reached that age were reemployed under the system, with 167 senior employees (as of March 31, 2020) currently working at the Company after passing their retirement age. In accordance with the revised Law Concerning Stabilization of Employment of Older Persons, applying the system to employees seeking to continue to work through age 65, Daicel will maintain working environments where senior employees can continue to contribute using their careers, knowledge, and experience.
Since 2019, the Human Resources Division and the Corporate Compliance Program Division have been visiting Group companies to ensure that they meet international standards for human rights. Moreover, the Daicel Group operates the Compliance Help Line System (Whistleblowing System) to receive reports and provide consultation on various issues that include human rights. Issues can be raised anonymously to protect the identity and privacy of
Supply Chain Management
In its purchasing activities, the Daicel Group carefully evaluates quality, pricing, and delivery dates while also considering social impact, in such areas as the environment, human rights, and the labor force. We established Basic Purchasing Policy and the Daicel Group CSR Purchasing
the reporter, and rules are in place that prohibit any adverse treatment of the individual. In addition, the Daicel Group Human Rights Policy has been newly established to fulfill our responsibility for respecting human rights under international standards.
■  Daicel Group Human Rights Policy https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/social/human-rights.html
Guidelines to encourage suppliers to gain an understanding of our policies and to fulfill our corporate social responsibilities in tandem with all of its supply chain constituents toward realizing a sustainable society.
Respect for Human Rights
  Basic Approach
 Respect for human rights is an integral part of all business activities undertaken by the Daicel Group.
The Daicel Group’s Basic Philosophy, the Daicel Group Conduct Policy, and each Group company’s Code of Conduct declare our determination to comply with all laws and regulations; act with high ethical standards and sound judgment; respect the diversity, personality and individuality of every member connected to the Daicel Group and contribute to realizing a healthy and sound society that is free from discrimination and harassment. In addition, the Daicel Group does not condone any form of forced or child labor, regardless of the country or region in which it operates. We foster a corporate culture that respects human rights, and therefore our Code of Conduct states our basic commitment to respect human rights and never engage in any human rights violations through such acts as discrimination on the grounds of race, ethnicity, nationality, creed, thought, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identification, illness, disability, etc., or through harassment. All Daicel Group employees are well-versed in these precepts. Moreover, they are encouraged to proactively make their own judgments in line with these precepts and put them into practice throughout the course of day-to-day business activities.
  • Target 1: Increase the number of women who take managerial positions by 2.5 times to a ratio of 4%*1
• Target 2: Increase the number of women in senior roles (candidates for managerial positions) by 1.3 times to a ratio of 8%*2
• Target 3: Raise the annual paid leave acquisition ratio from 62% to 70% or greater
     Certified as a “Leading Company with Active Women Participation”
On November 1, 2019, Daicel was certified by Osaka City as a “Leading Company with Active Women Participation.” The city identifies companies that actively promote the development of a workplace that allows women with career ambition to remain in the workforce, work-life balance, and men’s participation in childcare, housework, and activities in the local communities. It also gives this certification to organizations that meet a set criteria. We will continue to focus on promoting diversity and creating workplaces where every employee can express their individuality and perform at the best of their abilities regardless of gender, nationality, or disabilities.
■  Daicel Group CSR Purchasing Guidelines https://www.daicel.com/en/profile/purchase/guidelines.html
  46 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 47
“Diversity and Work Style Reform as Management Strategy” Seminar for Top Management
With the aim of sparking the change needed in employee awareness and conduct, in order to achieve diversity promotion and work style reform, the Company held “Diversity and Work Style Reform as Management Strategy” seminars at each of its business sites.
We invited Hisano Ueda as the guest speaker, and she discussed the topic: “the promotion of women’s advancement = work style reform = corporate culture reform.” A total of 1,200 employees attended the seminars.
 1. Fairness and Rationality of Transactions
Basic Purchasing Policy
 • We shall be fair in providing prospective suppliers with opportunities for participating in business transactions. Also we shall conduct our purchasing activities in an open manner with no regard for previous dealings and with no preference for companies domiciled in Japan.
• Our overall considerations shall be limited to matters of quality, price, stability of supply, state of technological development, environmental considerations, and the assurance of safety. We shall consider these aspects in a comprehensive manner.
2. Legal Compliance and Confidentiality
• We shall comply with laws and corporate ethics in our business operations.
• We shall strictly protect confidential information obtained through businesses and shall never infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties.
3. Establishing Relationships of Trust
• We shall strive to establish better partnerships with our suppliers in consideration of mutual benefit and trust as well as good faith.
4. Adherence to CSR Initiatives
• We shall promote sustainable development with our suppliers through our activities for corporate social responsibility and value improvement.
 TOPICS
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Foundation of Sustainability
 Roundtable Discussion with Outside Directors
How to Achieve Sustainable Growth
Masafumi Nogimori
Outside Director, Chairperson of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
Retired as Chairperson and Representative Director of Astellas Pharma Inc. before becoming a Company director
Sonoko Hacchoji
Outside Director, Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
Outside Director of Japan Airlines Co., Ltd., Outside Director of Maruha Nichiro Corporation, Special Advisor to the President of Tsuda University
Daicel celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2019. Over the course of its long history, it has nurtured its signature Monozukuri* Spirit and corporate culture of constantly seeking new challenges. With these qualities as its assets, what should Daicel’s goals be for the next 100 years? Three of our outside directors from different backgrounds and Kotaro Sugimoto, the representative director of Daicel Corporation, joined in this roundtable discussion to share their evaluation of Daicel’s corporate governance and culture as well as its needs in terms of focusing on a response to the challenges of society.
*Although the literal meaning of the Japanese word “Monozukuri” is "making things," we have defined “Monozukuri” as creating new value through all corporate activities.
Junichi Mizuo
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
Representative Director and Chairperson of the Japan Compliance & Governance Institute, Honorary Professor at Surugadai University; specialized in CSR, corporate governance, business ethics, and marketing ethics.
Kotaro Sugimoto
Representative Director, Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee, Member of the Management Advisory Committee. He joined the Company in 1984 and served as the head of the Raw Material Purchasing Center before becoming representative director and Senior Managing Executive Officer of the Company.
 Evaluation of Daicel’s Corporate Governance
Nogimori Daicel operates an effective, well-balanced corporate governance structure. In my opinion, it compares favorably with its competitors. Board of Directors meetings are conducted in a very open atmosphere, and members are carefully chosen to ensure well-rounded conversations. The Company has a system in which the Audit & Supervisory Board Members can grasp the actual situation through on- site audits and reflect the results in corporate governance.
Mizuo The health of Daicel’s corporate governance can
be assessed from the two perspectives of its validity
and efficiency. What I mean by its validity is whether it ethically and legally makes sense. From this perspective,
I can confidently say that Daicel has a healthy corporate governance structure. From the perspective efficiency,
the government structure, which is built on the principle of separation of ownership and management, is functioning well and effectively facilitates decision-making. Most notably, Daicel tries to genuinely evaluate the effectiveness of its Board of Directors, not as a mere formality but by conducting
questionnaire surveys and interviews with all directors. The chairperson of the board is also an excellent listener with the ability to encourage lively discussions. He ensures that each issue is heard and thoroughly discussed so that the efficiency of the decision-making process is secured.
Hacchoji Half of Daicel’s Board of Directors are outside directors, and more than half of its Audit & Supervisory Board Members are outside members, which clearly indicates Daicel’s commitment to seek external opinions. The discussions that take place in the Board of Directors meetings are both open and disciplined and convey a sense of being well-balanced. I feel that everyone on the board is committed to making Daicel a better company by openly discussing things that are going well and those that are not. Moreover, I can confirm that Daicel has a genuinely effective governance structure.
Sugimoto I have spent my entire career in chemical manufacturing. For me, these honest and diverse viewpoints from outside directors, who possess a wealth of experience in wide-ranging fields, is very valuable and enlightening.
Nogimori The Company considers that many of the directors are outside directors. Therefore, the Company asks
them to take ample time to learn about and keep up to date with Daicel’s business activities so that when they discuss various matters they are familiar with the issues the Company currently faces.
Hacchoji The same can be said about the long-term vision and medium-term strategies that are kicking off in 2020. We were involved in the process of formulating these strategies, which took more than a year and involved many discussions and deliberations. Because we were involved from the planning stages of these long- and mid-term strategies, we understand them very well in addition to the various factors that might impact them. I trust that our future discussions will be even more productive and meaningful and contribute further to the successful implementation of these strategies.
Mizuo For matters of importance, the officer in charge goes through the details with us in person. This aids us in understanding what the Company is trying to achieve and helps our discussions become more productive. Daicel is very dedicated to maintaining a high level of transparency and accountability.
Sugimoto We try our best to have outside directors visit our business sites, both in Japan and abroad, so that they can
personally experience who we really are. It is important for them to see how we operate.
Nogimori I have visited Daicel’s plants and have also had the opportunity to talk to their employees about the principles of safety and leadership. A company that provides outside directors with opportunities to talk to its employees is truly an open company.
Sugimoto Ouremployeesalsoexperiencehearingfroman outside director as a great opportunity, since they do not typically get a chance to meet them. We hope these interactions will help you continually deepen your understanding of our on- site operations, risk management, and other activities. Company management, on the other hand, will do its best to apply your abundant knowledge and experience.
Current State and Future Goals of Diversity & Inclusion
Hacchoji I also visited several of Daicel’s plants and had opportunities to speak with a few of the female employees
 48 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 49
  Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Foundation of Sustainability
 Roundtable Discussion with Outside Directors
  there. I was delighted to see these young talents, who may one day realize their career goals by taking on leadership roles. On the other hand, I see diversity and inclusion, particularly female advancement, as one of Daicel’s major challenges.
Nogimori Daicel has the foundation to be a diverse organization, but the fact that many of its positions involve on-site operations is slowing its progress in female advancement. Why do you think it has been difficult to develop female leaders?
Hacchoji Regardless of gender or nationality, leadership development takes time. The Company needs to raise up leaders by exposing them to a wider range of operations in order to broaden their knowledge as well as by increasing their responsibilities, giving them opportunities to take ownership of issues, and allowing them to solve them
on their own. Daicel has an action plan for increasing the number of women in management positions. The plan is very encouraging in that it eliminates bias toward women, and the goals outlined in the plan have been successfully achieved every year. In fact, a female manager is in charge of the cutting-edge medical device “ActranzaTM lab.” This provides just a glimpse of Daicel’s commitment to the issue.
Sugimoto Thank you Hacchoji-san for pointing that out. We are trying to increase the ratio of females in our new graduate hiring pool and have recently placed a woman in a leadership position in Healthcare SBU, an area in which we can benefit even more from a woman’s perspective. We have also been running the Nadeshiko seminar for the past three years as a training program for specifically developing female leaders.
Mizuo Having more female leaders in management positions is very important, but since Daicel is a global company with a large global footprint, it probably should consider having international members in its Board of Directors as well. Daicel should approach diversity and inclusion from many different angles.
Nogimori Human development is also key for increasing the Company’s global footprint. We should consider incorporating aspects of human development into our ongoing business activities. For example, if Daicel’s domestic employees communicated every day with their global counterparts, they would all gain a deeper mutual understanding and have greater influence on each other, which would in turn further strengthen Daicel as an international company. It is up to the management team to
develop this kind of human development approach. Mizuo Since Mr. Ogawa became the CEO, the Company
has once again been emphasizing its focus on human centered management. The key to managing a company is its employees. We need a workplace environment in which diverse teams of employees feel happy and can perform to the best of their abilities. Servant leadership, a management style whereby managers provide particular kinds of support to their employees, may help Daicel move toward this goal. In this management style, employees focus more on their customers and making them happy instead of making their managers happy. When this matures into a corporate culture where employees are always focused on what is good for customers and society as a whole, I believe that the company will have a good chance of achieving sustainable growth. The key to becoming a sustainable company is to have employees focus on society.
Expectations for Sustainable Management
Sugimoto In its new long-term vision, Daicel has established a sustainable management policy based on its basic principles. The policy clearly confirms the Company’s commitment to becoming a sustainable company and making a greater contribution to creating a sustainable society. What would you like to see Daicel achieve from this perspective?
Mizuo I would like to see Daicel assume a leading role in the development of environmentally sound materials. While its market is primarily BtoB, Daicel should think of it as a BtoBtoC market and focus more on what is beyond B, to the end-users, as part of its business activities. Daicel can learn a lot from this and gain important perspectives toward achieving the SDGs.
Nogimori I totally agree. Companies are expected to gain
a better understanding of what “C” wants and present solutions that leverage existing technologies. Daicel should be more innovative and come up with creative ways to utilize the materials it has. Material manufacturers tend to focus
on perfecting the art of manufacturing a single, high-quality material and simply focusing on producing it for many years. I look forward to seeing Daicel break out of that shell and think more from the perspectives of customers and society
to come up with innovative ways to utilize those materials to provide better solutions.
Sugimoto It’s very true that Daicel has been focusing
on manufacturing. We actually pride ourselves in our manufacturing capabilities, but at the same time we recognize that we have not been paying enough attention to society and our end-users. We are now shifting the organization toward adopting a more market-in approach in an attempt to build momentum toward addressing this. However, Daicel cannot make it happen alone. In our new long-term vision, we are focused on “co-creation” and taking a big step toward a structure in which Daicel forms partnerships upstream and downstream while collaborating closely to generate new value.
Mizuo I hope this willingness to be the market leader and take on new challenges will become deeply ingrained in Daicel’s corporate culture and lead to significant innovation.
Hacchoji Risk management at manufacturing sites is also a very important consideration. In addition to incurring physical injuries and facility damage, accidents may severely damage a company’s reputation. The organization can lose the
good public reputation and credibility it has built over many decades in an instant because of one accident. As a chemical manufacturer, Daicel handles hazardous chemicals at its sites, which also has the potential for causing pollution. I am sure everyone working at the plants is well aware of this and understands the importance of risk management. Although there is infrastructure in place for Daicel to monitor these risks, it is nevertheless important to stay focused. This may not be the most exciting and glamorous area to focus on, but it is important all the same.
Nogimori In terms of assessing the impact of business activities on the environment, I think Daicel and the material manufacturing industry as a whole is doing a good job. In the area of marine plastic debris, however, I think that it is necessary to raise consumer awareness of the issue. Plastic itself is extremely useful. There must be more Daicel can do to direct consumers toward more sustainable consumption of the material.
Sugimoto We will continue to focus on our fundamental
management principles: safety, quality, and compliance. In the area of tackling environmental issues, we are also looking to fulfill our corporate social responsibility by accelerating new material development that can potentially provide solutions to these issues.
Responsibilities of Outside Directors
Sugimoto The diverse opinions we receive from our outside directors during Board of Directors meetings and other occasions are very enlightening. To close our conversation,
I would like to hear your thoughts on the roles that outside directors play in Daicel’s Board of Directors meetings?
Nogimori Companies that are trying to raise their corporate value and sustainably expand their businesses depend on having someone reviewing their operations and encouraging them to move forward. I see outside directors as playing the latter role, as private supporters that encourage Daicel to move forward.
Mizuo I hope that by sharing my experiences and my theory-based achievements in relation to business ethics and CSR, I am doing more than simply fulfilling the role of Audit & Supervisory Board member and monitoring Board of Directors meetings.
Hacchoji Outside directors need to be able to see matters from two perspectives, from a birds-eye view monitoring overall business management and from the ground up perspective of an ant, digging into the tiniest details. With your feedback into Daicel’s business activities as well as my own past experiences, I hope I can act as both a bird and an ant, viewing the Company from their perspectives and contributing to Daicel’s healthy and continuous future growth.
Sugimoto Your comments have really enabled us to see things from a broader perspective. We were reminded of the vital importance of incorporating these external insights into Daicel’s business management. Thank you very much for your time today.
   50 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 51
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Foundation of Sustainability
 Governance
Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Executive Officers
Directors
(as of June 19, 2020)
 Misao Fudaba
Chairperson of Board of Directors, Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
Kotaro Sugimoto
Masafumi Nogimori*2
Outside Director and Chairperson of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
Toshio Asano*2
Outside Director and Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
       April 1979 June 2006
June 2008 June 2010 June 2019
Joined the Company
Executive Officer
Deputy Head of Corporate Support Center Head of Raw Material Purchasing Center President and CEO
Chairperson of Board of Directors
Representative Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee, Member of the Management Advisory Committee, Head of Corporate Support Headquarters, Responsible for Corporate Compliance Program
April 2005
June 2006
June 2011
June 2016 June 2017
Executive Vice President and Representative Director of Astellas Pharma Inc.
President & CEO and Representative Director of Astellas Pharma Inc.
Chairperson and Representative Director of Astellas Pharma Inc.
Retired from Astellas Pharma Inc.
Director of Daicel Corporation
April 2010
April 2014 June 2014
April 2016
June 2016 June 2019
President & Representative Director, Presidential Executive Officer of Asahi Kasei Pharma Corporation
Presidential Executive Officer of Asahi Kasei Corporation
President & Representative Director and Presidential Executive Officer of Asahi Kasei Corporation Director and Standing Advisor of Asahi Kasei Corporation
Standing Advisor of Asahi Kasei Corporation Director of Daicel Corporation
 Yoshimi Ogawa
President and CEO, Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee, and Chairperson of the Management Advisory Committee
Yasuhiro Sakaki
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Member of the Management Advisory Committee, Head of Strategic Planning, Headquarters, Responsible for Safety SBU, and Healthcare SBU, Chairperson of Daicel Safety Systems Americas, Inc.*1
Teisuke Kitayama*2
Outside Director and Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
Takeshi Furuichi*2
Outside Director and Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
April 1984 June 2011 June 2014
June 2017 June 2019 June 2020
Joined the Company
Head of Raw Material Purchasing Center
Executive Officer, President of Daicel Logistics Service Co., Ltd. Managing Executive Officer Representative Director
Senior Managing Executive Officer
       April 1983 April 2002 June 2006
June 2009 June 2011 June 2013 April 2014
June 2017 June 2019
Joined the Company
Head of Business Process Innovation
Executive Officer, Vice President of Aerospace & Defense Systems/Safety Systems Company
Head of Production Technology
Director
Managing Executive Officer
General Manager of Production Technology Headquarters
Senior Managing Executive Officer President and CEO
April 1984 June 2012
June 2014 June 2016
June 2017 June 2019 June 2020
Joined the Company
President of Organic Chemical Products Company
Executive Officer
President of Aerospace & Defense Systems/ Safety Systems Company
Managing Executive Officer
Senior Managing Executive Officer Director
June 2005
April 2011
April 2017 June 2017 June 2018 October 2018
Director President (Representative Director)
of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc., Chairperson of the Board (Representative Director) of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
Retired from Director of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc., Chairperson of the Board of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
Director of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
Advisor of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation Director of Daicel Corporation
Honorary Advisor of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
March 2010 March 2012 July 2016 June 2020
Representative Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer of Nippon Life Insurance Company
Representative Director and Executive Vice President of Nippon Life Insurance Company
Representative Director and Vice Chairperson of Nippon Life Insurance Company
Director of Daicel Corporation
 Akihisa Takabe
Director, Managing Executive Officer, Member of the Management Advisory Committee, Head of Innovation and Business Development Headquarters, Responsible for Intellectual Property Center, Responsible for Quality Management Division
Sonoko Hacchoji*2
Outside Director and Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
    Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
April 1984 June 2008 April 2014
February 2015 June 2015 June 2019 June 2020
Joined the Company
President of Daicel Safety Systems Inc.
Head of Central Research Center
Head of Corporate Research Center of R&D Headquarters Deputy General Manager of R&D Headquarters Executive Officer
Director
Managing Executive Officer
November 1993
March 2002 January 2006
March 2011
April 2017
June 2019 April 2020
Executive Officers
Yukio Yoshino
Responsible for Corporate Sustainability
Yasuo Tsuji
General Manager of Arai Plant, Chain Production Company, President of Daicel Arai Chemical Ltd.
Mikio Yagi
Responsible for Aerospace & Defense Systems of Safety SBU
Koichi Maruyama
Assistant to Director Responsible for Material SBU, President of Daicel Polymer Ltd.*3, Chairperson of Shanghai Daicel Polymers, Ltd.
Hitoshi Hayashi
General Manager of Material SBU, Chairperson of Daicel Nanning Food Ingredients Co., Ltd.
Vice President of IBJ International Plc., UK securities subsidiary of The Industrial Bank of Japan, Ltd.
Executive Officer of IBJ Leasing Co., Ltd.
Director (General Manager of Administration Division) of Yuki Management & Research Co., Ltd. Managing Director and Managing Executive Officer of FUJITA KANKO INC. (Chief of Planning Group and Deputy Chief of Business Operations Division) Special Advisor to the President (Chief Strategy Officer) of Tsuda University
Director of Daicel Corporation
Special Advisor to the President of Tsuda University
Ikuo Takahashi
General Manager of Innovation Park, Deputy General Manager of Innovation and Business Development Headquarters, Head of Corporate Research Center, Innovation and Business Development Headquarters
Masaaki Fujio
Head of Responsible Care
Takashi Iiyama
Responsible for Digital Strategy Division, Responsible for Responsible Care, Responsible for Engineering Center, Deputy General Manager of Production Management Headquarters, Assistant General Manager of Innovation and Business Development Headquarters
Akio Kojima
General Manager of Smart SBU
Haruyoshi Tashika
General Manager of Ohtake Plant, Chain Production Company
  Shinji Fujita
Hisanori Imanaka
Ryo Ichida*2
Certified Public Accountant,
Tax Accountant of Ryo Ichida Certified Public Accountant Office
Junichi Mizuo*2
Representative Director and Chairperson of the Japan Compliance & Governance Institute, Honorary Professor of Surugadai University; Ph.D. in Business Administration
Hideo Makuta*2
Advisor of Nagashima Ohno & Tsunematsu, Attorney at Law
Seiji Yamakado
Head of Customer Center
Hiroyasu Yamaguchi
Head of Engineering Center
Nobuhiko Ikeda
President of Multiple Production Company, General Manager of Harima Plant, Multiple Production Company, Division Manager of Global Operation Management, Mobility BU and Safety SBU
Senior Managing Executive Officer
Hidekage Kojima
Responsible for Material SBU and Smart SBU
Managing Executive Officers
Dieter Heckmann
President of CPI Company
Chairperson & President of Chiral Technologies Europe S.A.S. Chairperson of Chiral Technologies, Inc.
Chairperson of Daicel Chiral Technologies (China) Co., Ltd. Chairperson of Daicel Chiral Technologies (India) Pvt. Ltd.
Takashi Ueno
Head of Production Management Headquarters, President of Chain Production Company
Naohide Hakushi
General Manager of Himeji Production Sector
and Aboshi Plant, Chain Production Company, President of Kyodo Sakusan Co., Ltd., Responsible for MAC-C Plant and 1,3-BG Plant Construction Projects
Naotaka Kawaguchi
General Manager of Safety SBU, Chairperson of Daicel Safety Systems (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd., Chairperson of Daicel Safety Technologies (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.
Kazuya Kurosawa
  *1 Yasuhiro Sakaki retired as Chairperson of Daicel Safety Systems Americas, Inc. and was succeeded by Naotaka Kawaguchi, effective July 1, 2020. *2 Independent Director or Independent Audit & Supervisory Board Member
*3 Kouichi Maruyama retired as President of Daicel Polymer Ltd., as the company was dissolved after transferring its sales operations to Daicel Miraizu Ltd. and its manufacturing operations to Daicel Corporation, effective July 1, 2020.
*4 Daicel FineChem Ltd. changed its name to Daicel Miraizu Ltd., effective July 1, 2020.
52 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 53
President of Daicel FineChem Ltd.*
4
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Foundation of Sustainability
 Governance
Corporate Governance
■ Corporate Governance Framework (as of June 19, 2020)
General Meeting of Shareholders
 Basic Approach
 Strengthening corporate governance is a key management initiative that enables us to enhance corporate value and achieve our social mission and responsibilities as a listed company.
Daicel maintains its agility by clarifying the responsibilities of each part of its organization and by adopting a management system that supports timely decision-making and implementation. Moreover, by actively soliciting external opinions to improve management transparency and fairness, Daicel will strive to maintain the soundness of its corporate management.
  Appoints Appoints
Collaborates
Audits
Appoints Reports
Reports
    External Auditors
    Accounting audit and internal control audit
Audit & Supervisory Board
5 Audit & Supervisory Board Members (including 3 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
Board of Directors
10 Directors (including 5 Outside Directors)
Nomination and Compensation Committee
      Collaborates
President
(Executive Officer, concurrent position)
Management Advisory Committee
 Executive Body
Note: Executive officers assume their responsibility to execute operations individually as heads of SBUs, heads of in-house companies, heads of sites, heads of corporate divisions, and presidents of group companies.
     History of Strengthening Corporate Governance
         Corporate Compliance Program
Auditing
Quality Management
Responsible Care
Management Meetings
  Planning Meetings
Strategy Meetings
 Date
 Initiative
 Purpose
 June 1999
  Introduced the Executive Officer System
  To separate supervisory and business execution functions clearly
  June 2000
 Appointed Outside Directors
  To strengthen decision-making and supervisory functions and ensure transparency in management
  Established the Nomination and Compensation Committee
To improve objectivity and transparency in the nomination and compensation assessment process
  April 2002
  Established the Management Advisory Committee
  To strengthen decision-making functions through deliberation of important matters
   June 2003
      Shortened the term of Directors from two years to one
      To clarify management responsibilities of Directors to shareholders
   March 2006
Established the Information Disclosure Committee
To ensure reliability of the information to be disclosed
   April 2006
      Established the Risk Management Committee
      To accurately understand and appropriately manage risks
   August 2010
Established the Internal Control Council
To build an internal control system and ensure the adequateness of its operation
   June 2015
      Increased the ratio of Outside Directors to 50%
      To ensure further transparency of decision-making and supervisory functions and management
   January 2016
Started to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
To maintain and improve the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
   January 2020
    Improved the method for evaluating the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
    To introduce individual interviews in addition to surveys
  Subsidiary, SBU and in-house Company Presidents’ Meetings
    Support for voluntary audit and instruction
Internal audit
Quality management
 SBUs, All In-house Companies, Production and R&D Sites, Corporate Departments, and Group Companies
Responsible Care Audit
  Corporate Governance Framework
The Company has established a corporate framework under which its Board of Directors makes management decisions in an efficient manner and fulfills its supervisory functions, and its Audit & Supervisory Board accomplishes its auditing and supervisory functions. Such a framework has enabled us to keep reinforcing our corporate governance.
Specifically, by welcoming Outside Directors and allowing them to provide opinions and advice based on their expertise, Daicel is working to ensure that the decisions made by its Board of Directors are appropriate and the execution of Director duties is effectively supervised. Moreover, we have adopted an Executive Officer System that has enabled us to clearly separate our decision-making, supervisory, and business execution functions. Such a clear division of roles has allowed us to bolster our business management structure and, consequently, corporate activities.
■ C  orporate Governance Framework details https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/governance/
■ Outline of the Corporate Governance Framework (as of June 19, 2020)
Nomination and Compensation Committee
The Nomination and Compensation Committee was established as an advisory body on the nomination of directors and executive officers
and make recommendations on their compensation in response to consultation by either the chairperson of the Board of Directors or the Audit & Supervisory Board. To ensure transparency, validity, and objectivity regarding decisions on personnel and compensation, the committee is chaired by an Outside Director, and five Outside Directors represent the majority of the committee’s eight members.
Effectiveness Evaluation of the Board of Directors
To maintain or improve the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, its performance is evaluated by Daicel. In addition to using questionnaires, we held individual interviews in the third quarter of FY2020/3 to ensure that our effectiveness
■ FY2020/3 Effectiveness Evaluation of the Board of Directors
Management Advisory Committee
The Management Advisory Committee is in charge of deliberating on such important corporate matters as the formulation of Group strategies and business restructuring based on such strategies. By doing so, the committee serves as an advisory body for the president. The committee comprises the president, Directors (excluding Outside Directors) and executive officers designated by the president, and the committee convenes these members on an as-needed basis.
evaluations are more effective and more appropriate than ever before. We would like to establish an effectiveness evaluation method that is appropriate for Daicel by considering a variety of options such as conducting individual interviews and introducing third-party evaluation.
  Item
Content
 Type of organizational structure
      Company with Audit & Supervisory Board
   Chairperson of the Board of Directors
Chairperson
     Number of Directors
        10
   Number of Outside Directors (number of Independent Directors)
5 (5)
     Number of Audit & Supervisory Board Members
        5
     Number of Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members (number of Independent Directors)
 3 (3)
     Number of Executive Officers (number of Officers concurrently serving as Directors)
        23 (4)
     FY2020/3 Number of Board of Director meetings held
(average attendance rate of Outside Directors / Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
 14 in FY2020/3 (100% /100%)
     Term of Directors
        1 year
   Voluntary advisory body to the Board of Directors
    Nomination and Compensation Committee
  Body that deliberates important corporate matters and reports to the President
    Management Advisory Committee
    Compensation system
for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
 1. Monthly compensation
2. Performance-linked remuneration
(excluding Outside Directors and Outside
Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
3. Restricted Stock Compensation (excluding Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory
Board Members)
     Auditor
    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC
    Evaluated
     10 Directors and 5 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
  Evaluation methods
    •Questionnaire •Individual interview
    Main themes
 •Composition of the Board of Directors
•Contents of deliberation, resolutions, reports, etc. •Operating methods of the Board of Directors
    Overview of evaluation results
     •The Board of Directors engaged in productive discussions with Outside Directors and actively offered their opinions, and we were able to confirm that the board is effective.
    Future tasks
  On the other hand, there were some issues that needed to be addressed to improve the board’s effectiveness. (1) Board composition issues
•Determining the ratio of inside and outside directors
•Addressing diversity in the Board of Directors (including the necessity of foreign directors) (2) Board deliberation issues
•Setting the themes that are particularly appropriate for board deliberations
•Sharing information with the Board of Directors in an appropriate way (3) Board operation issues
•Properly allocating time and providing clear rules and procedures for deliberation and reporting •Making technical/internal terms easy to understand especially for Outside Directors
    54 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 55
*The compensation system also applies to executive officers and others. The ratio between the three types of compensations (1, 2, and 3) is roughly maintained at 65:20:15.
Risk Management Committee, Information Disclosure Committee, Internal Control Council
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Foundation of Sustainability
 Governance
Corporate Compliance
Corporate Compliance Management System
The Daicel Group’s corporate compliance activities aim to ensure that we remain compliant with the Daicel Group Conduct Policy and each Group company’s Code of Conduct. To promote corporate compliance activities further, the Group has established a Corporate Compliance Program Division with a representative director assigned as the officer. Every Daicel department and Group company appoints a facilitator to spearhead activities related to corporate compliance for each workplace. Within their respective areas they take the lead in executing the Corporate Compliance Management System, based on a Check-Act-Plan- Do (CAPD) cycle. Through this proactive approach and activities involving the participation of all employees, we strive to maintain and improve our corporate compliance activities.
■ P  romotion System for Corporate Compliance
■ Daicel Group Conduct Policy https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/governance/compliance/policy.html
■ Daicel Code of Conduct https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/governance/compliance/standard.html
Fair Business Practices
We are determined to conduct honest trade in accordance with the basic principles of fair and free competition, as expressed in the Daicel Group Conduct Policy. Therefore, we comply with antitrust laws and develop internal rules for anti- corruption while raising awareness of the issue. Additionally, our training of employees posted overseas emphasizes the key requirements for complying with local laws and regulations.
Compliance
We have established a Legal Compliance System, in which certain
corporate department is designated as organization in charge of ensuring compliance with laws and regulations relating to their respective operations and managing information on the latest legal developments. Under the system, 11 corporate departments, including the Legal Group, are responsible for providing the relevant departments with information about revisions to laws, regulations, and guidelines as well as educational materials. All departments and Group companies in Japan complete an annual compliance self-evaluation checklist to review the status of compliance at each workplace and clarify any issues. Any non-compliance or possible non-compliance issues are addressed through the appropriate measures.
Education and Training Programs
Daicel systematically provides corporate compliance training tailored to each position and role for new graduate recruits, recently promoted employees, managers, directors, presidents of Group companies, employees posted to out of Japan Group companies, and others. We also organize seminars on specific topics as and when deemed appropriate.
Reporting and Consultation
With the intent of Whistleblower Protection Act, Daicel has
put in place the Compliance Help Line System, a report and consultation system. A whistleblower can use Help Line via internal and external (independent third party) contact points and the same goes for employee working at group companies in Japan. We also established additional Help Line system, in which the employee of the group company can report to and consult with Daicel by their local language to make more accessible.
In addition, we have set up an online consultation contact that can be reached by external parties on our website (available 24 hours).
These Help Line systems are rigorously operated under rules established to ensure that whistleblowers and those who request consultation can be confident that: (1) Their personal information and privacy will be protected, (2) No disadvantage treatment will be permitted, and (3) Results related to investigations will be shared with them. Reported cases are tracked with appropriate follow through, including the implementation of corrective measures or other actions. The status of our response as well as the outcome for each case are regularly reported to the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board.
There were no cases in FY2020/3 that significantly affected management.
Risk Management
Risk Management System
The Risk Management Committee, chaired by the corporate compliance officer (representative director), coordinates and promotes Company-wide risk management activities while also periodically reviewing the status of risk awareness in each department and Group company and offering advice and support on countermeasures and initiatives. At the end of each fiscal year, the committee conducts an assessment on the activities carried out by departments and Group companies based on the activity reports they submit.
The status of the management of the “focused points” set at the beginning of each fiscal year, as well as critical risks and the risk management policies for the following fiscal year, are reported to the Management Meeting and Board of Directors’ Meeting at the end of the fiscal year, and discussions are carried out accordingly.
Risk Management Initiatives
The Daicel Group maintains an inventory of potential risks that could have a major impact on its ability to achieve its business targets. Potential risks are entered into an intranet database together with countermeasures and initiatives designed to prevent the incidence of risk or to reduce any subsequent impact. The countermeasures are revised in consultation with the risk managers of corporate departments. Each department and Group company assigns a priority level
to each risk and carries out countermeasures accordingly while also regularly updating the status and progress of the countermeasures in the database. Each department and Group company also pursues its respective risk management activities by making use of the database and following a Check-Act-Plan-Do (CAPD) cycle.
In FY2020/3, we focused on identifying the risks of potential information leakage etc. risk when handling removal media and using SNS(Social Networking Service). With the results, we intend to implement the following risk countermeasures in FY2021/3.
1. Take more stringent steps to prohibit the use of personal devices for work purposes
2. Strengthen the prevention of data leakage from USB flash drives for internal use
3. Strengthen the detection of illegal copying of data 4. Continue to raise risk awareness of employees and
business social media account management staff
Strengthening BCP Management
Daicel formulates and manages business continuity plans (BCPs) to minimize damage in the event of emergencies such as major disasters or a pandemic caused by a new virus as well as to maintain business operations or ensure the early resumption of business in the event of such contingencies. In FY2020/3, to prevent the recurrence of past accidents, we continued to re-inspect for risks related to substances with self-degradation or thermal polymerization properties. And to prevent the spread of damage, we promoted the introduction of (1) remote monitoring cameras as corporate standards and (2) a disaster information sharing system.
Information Security Initiatives
The Daicel Group implements information security initiatives encompassing the IT operations of the entire Group under its Information Systems Security Policy. With respect to cyberattacks, we have introduced a system that instantly detects security anomalies.
We also consign third parties to regularly conduct vulnerability assessment and systematically address any issues that arise. As of the publishing of this report, every issue had been addressed.
As a measure to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus, we have expanded teleworking (working from home) arrangements for our employees. Accordingly,
we have enhanced our remote access environment and strengthened the monitoring of any suspicious access and email attacks targeting the remote environment. Furthermore, we are diligent about reminding our employees of precautions being taken in terms of teleworking.
Measures Against the Spread of the Novel Coronavirus
In response to the global spread of the novel coronavirus, we established the Daicel Group Countermeasures Headquarters, headed by the president, on February 5, 2020, followed by local countermeasures headquarters at each business site. Our countermeasures headquarters are working together to ensure the safety and well-being of our employees and their family members and to maintain stable, continued operations at our plants and businesses. To do so, we have taken the measures to prevent the spread of the coronavirus based on government information on the disease.
 Basic Approach
 Our code of corporate compliance contributes to the foundation of sustainable management. Also, each department and Group company in the Daicel Group systematically conducts a number of corporate compliance activities. Instilling a sense of corporate compliance in every employee is considered to be just as vital, and therefore we promote corporate compliance Group-wide.
 Basic Approach
 Daicel recognizes the vital role of risk management and adheres to its Risk Management Regulations so that it responds appropriately to the risks inherent in its corporate activities and minimizes the impact should any such risks materialize.
        56 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 57
Board of Directors
President
 Corporate Compliance Program Division
 Representative Director
 Department Managers and Presidents of each Group Company
 Each Workplace
( Compliance Activity facilitator spearhead initiatives)
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

  Financial Information / Corporate Information
Financial Information
Consolidated Eleven-Year Summary
As of and for the years ended March 31
Operating Results
Net sales
Operating income
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Financial Position
Net assets
Total assets Interest-bearing debt
Cash Flows
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Cash and cash equivalents, end of year
Per Share Information
Basic net income per share (yen) Net assets per share (yen)
Cash dividends per share (yen)
Financial Indicators
Ratio of operating income to net sales (%) ROE (%)
Rate of earnings on total capital (%)
Total asset turnover (times/year)
Equity ratio (%)
Dividend payout ratio (%) Total return ratio (%)
Others
Capital expenditures
Depreciation and amortization Research and development expenses Number of employees (at year-end)
Note: Amortization of goodwill is not included in depreciation and amortization.
Millions of Yen (Except net income per share and other information)
  FY2010/3
2011/3
2012/3
2013/3 2014/3
2015/3
2016/3 2017/3 2018/3
2019/3
2020/3
¥ 412,826 29,644 4,978
¥ 392,583 597,992 92,787
¥ 57,193 (45,864) (47,883)
80,674
¥ 15.49 1,166.56 34.00
7.2 1.3 0.8 0.7
60.6 219.5 577.3
47,568 29,002 21,295 11,606
                           ¥
¥
¥
¥
320,243 20,856 11,069
229,004 428,376 105,893
66,445 (16,471) (50,735) 30,128
31.10 579.18 10.00
6.5 5.6 2.5 0.7
48.1 32.2 32.2
16,481 36,693 11,316
7,665
¥
¥
¥
¥
353,684 32,711 16,802
235,336 411,071 94,357
53,428 (20,141) (28,170) 33,724
47.22 596.06 10.00
9.2 8.0 4.0 0.8
51.6 21.2 21.2
9,912 32,786 11,970
7,747
¥
¥
¥
¥
341,942 20,426 11,827
234,711 398,196 83,249
34,000 (9,190) (25,044)
33,435
33.46 618.94 10.00
6.0 5.5 2.9 0.8
54.7 29.9 45.2
18,740 28,316 12,730
8,149
¥
¥
¥
¥
358,513 ¥ 413,786 26,196 37,912 15,372 22,843
262,899 ¥ 295,805 461,512 509,834 99,224 105,917
44,480 ¥ 44,777 (35,312) (34,984) 5,737 (4,472)
53,238 62,573
43.71 ¥ 64.98 685.11 764.51 12.00 15.00
7.3 9.2 6.7 9.0 3.6 4.7 0.8 0.9
52.2 52.7 27.5 23.1 27.5 23.1
27,217 ¥ 25,617 24,026 23,669 12,875 13,360
9,233 9,700
¥
¥
¥
¥
443,775 51,303 31,252
356,177 565,332 86,981
57,412 (30,283) (29,230) 66,737
88.95 922.71 21.00
11.6 10.5 5.8 0.8 57.3 23.6 23.6
30,629 23,409 14,031 10,173
¥
¥
¥
¥
449,878 ¥ 440,061 ¥ 462,956 64,349 64,306 58,932 40,313 43,198 37,062
368,720 ¥ 399,429 ¥ 413,541 560,190 599,708 640,284 71,276 72,291 99,743
65,419 ¥ 86,168 ¥ 66,888 (31,407) (34,722) (33,189) (31,470) (19,942) (1,962) 65,237 96,275 128,290
115.02 ¥ 124.61 ¥ 107.81 966.36 1,067.63 1,136.32
¥
¥
¥
¥ 1,198.77
464,859 51,171 35,301
423,243 654,791 104,306
58,523 (41,095) (25,636)
120,016
                                       26.00 30.00
14.3 14.6 12.2 12.2 7.2 7.4 0.8 0.8 60.2 61.6 22.6 24.1 32.5 33.3
40,256 ¥ 39,528 23,914 29,031 15,306 16,806 10,709 11,556
105.38 32.00 32.00
                          ¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
12.7 11.0 9.8 9.1 6.0 5.5 0.7 0.7
60.1 60.1 29.7 30.4 56.6 67.2
30,819 ¥ 44,694 31,720 30,044 18,843 20,749 12,309 12,319
¥
             Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information
58 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 59

 Financial Information / Corporate Information
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Daicel Corporation and Consolidated Subsidiaries March 31, 2019 and 2020
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
2020/3
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
2020/3
          2019/3
2020/3
2019/3
2020/3
  ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS:
Cash and cash equivalents (Note 15) ¥ 120,016 ¥ 80,674 $ 740,128
Marketable securities (Notes 3 and 15) 30 629 5,770
Receivables (Note 15):
Trade notes 2,920 2,667 24,467
Trade accounts 86,259 76,318 700,165
Unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies 5,059 4,013 36,816
Allowance for doubtful receivables (67) (66) (605)
Inventories (Note 4) 126,153 117,414 1,077,192
Other current assets 13,665 16,389 150,357
  Total current assets 354,038 298,040 2,734,311
  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Notes 5 and 18):
Land 26,931 30,132 276,440
Buildings and structures 168,530 169,092 1,551,302
Machinery and equipment 609,850 589,742 5,410,477
Construction in progress 31,630 42,354 388,568
  Total 836,943 831,332 7,626,807
Accumulated depreciation (639,511) (626,975) (5,752,064)
  Net property, plant and equipment 197,432 204,346 1,874,733
  INVESTMENTS AND OTHER ASSETS:
Investment securities (Notes 3 and 15) 64,002 57,992 532,036
Investments in and advances to unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies (Note 15)
11,087 10,584 97,100
Deferred tax assets (Note 10) 2,701 3,444 31,596
Net defined benefit asset (Note 7) 6,110 6,235 57,201
Other assets 19,418 17,348 159,155
  Total investments and other assets 103,320 95,605 877,110
  TOTAL ¥ 654,791 ¥ 597,992 $ 5,486,165
    LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
Short-term bank loans (Notes 6 and 15) ¥ 9,965 ¥ 6,902 $ 63,321
Current portion of long-term debt (Notes 6 and 15) 18,285 10,336 94,825
Payables (Notes 15 and 17):
Trade notes 257 256 2,348
Trade accounts 50,852 43,462 398,733
Nontrade accounts 13,666 15,234 139,761
Construction 8,486 8,781 80,559
Unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies 2,898 1,599 14,669
Income taxes payable (Notes 10 and 15) 4,008 2,240 20,550
Provision for environmental measures 1,725 15,825
Other current liabilities (Note 8) 17,088 15,687 143,917
  Total current liabilities 125,509 106,226 974,550
  LONG-TERM LIABILITIES:
Long-term debt (Notes 6 and 15) 76,043 72,200 662,385
Net defined benefit liability (Note 7) 12,485 11,055 101,422
Provision for environmental measures 5,265 547 5,018
Asset retirement obligations (Note 8) 1,256 1,229 11,275
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 10) 7,673 7,861 72,119
Other long-term liabilities 3,312 6,287 57,678
  Total long-term liabilities 106,038 99,182 909,926
  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES (Notes 14, 16 and 22)
EQUITY (Notes 9 and 25):
Common stock, authorized, 1,450,000,000 shares in 2020 and 2019;
issued, 315,942,682 shares in 2020 and 331,942,682 shares in 2019
36,275 36,275 332,798
Capital surplus 31,692 31,692 290,752
Retained earnings 294,149 271,762 2,493,229
Treasury stock - at cost, 5,160,966 shares in 2020 and 3,609,174 shares in 2019
(4,344) (5,050) (46,330)
Accumulated other comprehensive income:
Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities 29,024 26,582 243,871
Deferred gain (loss) on derivatives under hedge accounting 13 (69) (633)
Foreign currency translation adjustments 4,968 (656) (6,018)
Defined retirement benefit plans 1,817 2,009 18,431
  Total 393,597 362,545 3,326,100
Noncontrolling interests 29,645 30,038 275,577
  Total equity 423,243 392,583 3,601,678
  TOTAL ¥ 654,791 ¥ 597,992 $ 5,486,165
    Please see the notes to consolidated financial statements in Financial Section.
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/pdf/library/2020_01.pdf
 60 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 61
 Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

 Financial Information / Corporate Information
Consolidated Statements of Income
Daicel Corporation and Consolidated Subsidiaries Years Ended March 31, 2019 and 2020
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
2020/3
Daicel Corporation and Consolidated Subsidiaries Years Ended March 31, 2019 and 2020
Millions of Yen
2019/3
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
    2019/3
2020/3
       NET SALES ¥ 464,859 ¥ 412,826 $ 3,787,394
COST OF SALES (Notes 11 and 17) 331,086 301,774 2,768,568
  Gross profit 133,773 111,051 1,018,816
  SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES (Notes 11 and 12) 82,602 81,406 746,844
  Operating income 51,171 29,644 271,963
  OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES):
Interest and dividend income 2,266 1,932 17,724
Gain on sales of investment securities 5,767 2,616 24,000
Gain on sales of investments in capital of subsidiaries and associates 290
Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies 1,762 1,772 16,256
Insurance income (Note 19) 2,005
Interest expense (1,185) (1,173) (10,761)
Foreign exchange gain (loss) (73) (802) (7,357)
Loss on dispositions of property, plant and equipment (1,715) (3,098) (28,422)
Impairment loss on fixed assets (Note 20) (1,783) (14,757) (135,385)
Loss on disaster (Note 21) (967)
Loss on revision of retirement benefit plan (Note 7) (3,308)
Other – net (496) 522 4,788
  Other income (expenses) – net 2,563 (12,988) (119,155)
  INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 53,734 16,656 152,807
  INCOME TAXES (Note 10):
Current 13,910 4,882 44,788
Deferred (2,106) 333 3,055
  Total income taxes 11,804 5,215 47,844
  NET INCOME 41,930 11,440 104,954
  NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 6,628 6,462 59,284
  NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT ¥ 35,301 ¥ 4,978 $ 45,669
    62 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 63
Yen
U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
NET INCOME
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Note 23):
Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities
Deferred gain (loss) on derivatives under hedge accounting
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Defined retirement benefit plans
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) in associates
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Please see the notes to consolidated financial statements in Financial Section.
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/pdf/library/2020_01.pdf
¥ 41,930
(4,439)
(67)
431
1,291
(178)
(2,961)
2020/3
¥ 11,440
(2,528)
(155)
(6,089)
116
(484)
2020/3
$ 104,954
(23,192)
(1,422)
(55,862)
1,064
(4,440)
    Total other comprehensive income (loss)
(9,141)
(83,862)
    ¥ 38,968
¥ 2,299
$ 21,091
    TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO:
Owners of the parent
Noncontrolling interests
¥ 32,267
6,700
¥ (2,980)
$ (27,339)
    Basic net income
2019/3
  Please see the notes to consolidated financial statements in Financial Section.
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/pdf/library/2020_01.pdf
$ 0.14
5,280
48,440
  2020/3
2020/3
    PER SHARE INFORMATION (Notes 2.s and 13):
¥ 105.38
¥ 15.49
    Cash dividends applicable to the year
32.00
32.00
0.29
      Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information

  Financial Information / Corporate Information
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Daicel Corporation and Consolidated Subsidiaries Years Ended March 31, 2019 and 2020
OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Income before income taxes Adjustments for:
Income taxes - paid
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment loss on fixed assets
Amortization of goodwill
Loss on dispositions of property, plant and equipment Provision for environmental measures
Gain on sales of investment securities
Gain on sales of investments in capital of subsidiaries and associates Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies Changes in assets and liabilities:
Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts receivable Decrease (increase) in inventories
Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts payable
Other – net
Net cash provided by operating activities
INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
Net decrease (increase) in time deposits
Net decrease (increase) in short-term investment securities Capital expenditures
Payment for purchases of investment securities
Proceeds from sales and redemption of investment securities Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment Payment for share of subsidiaries and associates
Payment for investments in capital of subsidiaries and associates Proceeds from sales of investments in capital of subsidiaries and associates Increase in finance receivables
Collection of finance receivables
Other – net
Net cash used in investing activities
FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Net change in short-term bank loans
Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt
Repayments of long-term debt
Proceeds from issuance of bond
Dividends paid
Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests
Payment for purchases of treasury stock
Repayments of lease liabilities
Payment for acquisition of interests in a subsidiary from noncontrolling interests
Net cash used in financing activities
EFFECT OF FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENTS ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR
Please see the notes to consolidated financial statements in Financial Section.
Daicel Corporation and Consolidated Subsidiaries Years Ended March 31, 2019 and 2020
Millions of Yen 2019/3 2020/3
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
2020/3
152,807
(90,091) 269,688 135,385
6,633 28,422
(27,499) (24,000)
(16,256)
79,807
52,376 (72,339) 29,715
524,706 1,275
(424,889) (2,440)
42,688 1,357
(16,146)
(2,146) 1,990
(22,458) (420,770)
(23,678) 66,339
(170,064)
(95,504)
(44,752) (163,431) (8,183)
(439,293)
(25,568)
(360,935) 1,101,064 740,128
50
192 (12,998) 0
22,465
(4,385) (4,344) 29,024
8
423,243 4,978
(10,414) 157 (17,814) 0
31,692 294,149 4,978
(10,414) (24)
(0) (16,927)
¥ 31,692 ¥ 271,762
Capital Retained Surplus Earnings
$ 290,752 $ 2,698,614 45,669
(95,541) (220)
(0) (155,293)
$ 290,752 $2,493,229
29,645
$
$
(39,853)
1,660 (163,431)
155,293
(46,330)
$ 266,275
$
119
$
45,577
$271,972 $3,882,963 45,669 (95,541)
1,440 (163,431) 0
3,596 (69,412)
181 (17,814)
16,927
(5,050)
(2,442)
¥ 26,582
(83) (5,625)
¥ (69) ¥ (656)
192
¥ 2,009
(7,959)
¥ 362,545
392 (7,566)
Treasury Stock
Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Available-for-
Deferred Gain (Loss) on Derivatives
Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments
Defined Retirement Benefit Plans
$ 16,669
Total
$3,610,981 45,669 (95,541)
Millions of Yen
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
    Number of Shares of Common Stock Outstanding
338,703,204
(10,523,907) 154,211
328,333,508
160,049 (17,711,935)
94
310,781,761
Common Stock
¥ 36,275
36,275
¥ 36,275
Common Stock
$ 332,798
$ 332,798
Capital Retained Surplus Earnings
¥ 31,642 ¥ 292,104 35,301
(10,781) (0) (9)
(22,465)
Treasury Stock
Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Available-for- Sale Securities
Deferred Gain Foreign
(Loss) on Currency Defined
Derivatives Retirement
Total
¥ 384,876 35,301
(10,781) 182 (12,998) 0
50
(3,033) 393,597
4,978
Noncontrolling Interests
¥ 28,665
(41)
1,021 (2,012)
¥
53,734 ¥ (14,623)
30,442 1,783 608 1,715 1,265
(5,767) (290) (1,762)
4,140 (16,149) (3,049)
6,476
58,523
(157) 900
(43,580) (167)
8,076 22
(4,103) 431
(56) 127
(2,587)
(41,095)
(121) 17,755
(13,809)
(10,783) (5,679) (12,998)
(0)
(25,636)
(64)
(8,273) 128,290
16,656
(9,820) 29,396 14,757
723 3,098
(2,992) (2,616)
(1,772)
8,699
5,709 (7,885) 3,239
57,193
139
(46,313) (266)
4,653 148
(1,760)
(234) 217
(2,448)
(45,864)
(2,581) 7,231
(18,537)
(10,410) (4,878) (17,814) (892)
(47,883)
(2,787)
(39,342) 120,016
80,674
$
Sale Securities under Hedge Accounting
under Hedge Translation Benefit Plans Accounting Adjustments
Total Equity
¥ 413,541 35,301
(10,781) 182 (12,998) 0
 BALANCE, APRIL 1, 2018
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Cash dividends, ¥32.00 per share
Restricted stock awards
Repurchase of treasury stock
Disposal of treasury stock
Retirement of treasury stock
Change in the parent's ownership interest due to transactions with noncontrolling interests
Net change in the year
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2019
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Cash dividends, ¥32.00 per share Restricted stock awards Repurchase of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Retirement of treasury stock Net change in the year
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2020
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2019
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Cash dividends, $0.29 per share Restricted stock awards Repurchase of treasury stock Disposal of treasury stock Retirement of treasury stock Net change in the year
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2020
¥ (14,004) ¥ 33,410
¥
58 ¥ 4,805 ¥
(44) 163 13 4,968
583
1,233 1,817
(10,414) 157 (17,814) 00
    ¥
¥ 30,038
Noncontrolling Interests
¥ 392,583
Total Equity
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 1,440 (163,431) 00
    Please see the notes to consolidated financial statements in Financial Section.
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/pdf/library/2020_01.pdf
(22,403)
$243,871
(761) (51,605)
$(633) $ (6,018)
1,761
$18,431
(73,018)
$3,326,100
$275,577
$3,601,678
       ¥ 120,016 ¥
$
  https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/pdf/library/2020_01.pdf
 Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information
64 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 65

 Financial Information / Corporate Information
Corporate Information
Overseas
Asia Zhejiang
  Ningbo Da-An Chemical Industries Co., Ltd. Shaanxi
  Xi’an Huida Chemical Industries Co., Ltd. Shaanxi Sojin Autonomous Region
  Daicel Nanning Food Ingredients Co., Ltd.★ Gurugram, India
  Daicel Safety Systems India Pvt. Ltd.★ Mumbai, India
  Polyplastics Marketing (India) Pvt. Ltd. Hyderabad, India
  Daicel Chiral Technologies (India) Pvt. Ltd.★
Thailand
  Daicel Safety Systems (Thailand) Co., Ltd.★
  Daicel Safety Technologies (Thailand) Co., Ltd.★   Daicel Polymer (Thailand) Co., Ltd.★ *1
  Polyplastics Marketing (T) Ltd.★
  Special Devices (Thailand) Co., Ltd.★
Malaysia
  Polyplastics Asia Pacific Sdn. Bhd.   Polyplastics Asia Pacific Singapore Pte. Ltd.★
  Daicel (Asia) Pte. Ltd.★
North America and Latin America Arizona
  Daicel Safety Systems Americas, Inc.★
California
  Daicel America Holdings, Inc.★ Mexico
  Polyplastics Marketing Mexico, S.A. de C.V.★
Europe England
  Chrom Tech Ltd.
Germany
  Lomapharm GmbH★
  LCP Leuna Carboxylation Plant GmbH★   Daicel (Europa) GmbH★
  Topas Advanced Polymers GmbH★
  Polyplastics Europe GmbH★
Global Network (as of March 31, 2020)
Korea
  Polyplastics Korea Ltd.★
  Daicel Safety Systems Korea, Inc.★
Jiangsu
  Daicel Safety Systems (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.★
  Daicel Safety Technologies (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.★
  PTM Engineering Plastics (Nantong) Co., Ltd.   Polyplastics (Nantong) Ltd.★
Shanghai
  Daicel (China) Investment Co., Ltd.★   Shanghai Daicel Polymers, Ltd.★
  Daicel Trading (Shanghai) Ltd.★
  Polyplastics Trading (Shanghai) Ltd.★   Polyplastics (Shanghai) Ltd.★
  Daicel Chiral Technologies (China) Co., Ltd.★   Shanghai Da-shen Cellulose Plastics Co., Ltd.
Taipei
  Polyplastics Taiwan Co., Ltd.★ Hsinchu
  Daicel Micro Optics Co. Ltd.★
Hong Kong
  Daicel Polymer (Hong Kong) Ltd.★ *2   Polyplastics China Ltd.★
  Daicel Prosperity (China) Ltd.
Michigan
  Polyplastics USA, Inc.★
  Arbor Biosciences (official name: Biodiscovery LLC)★
New Jersey
  Daicel ChemTech, Inc.★ Pennsylvania
  Chiral Technologies, Inc.★
Japan
★
54.0%
Consolidated Overseas Sales Ratio
77
Number of Group Companies
11,606
Number of Group Employees
(Daicel and consolidated Subsidiaries)
★
Medical & Healthcare
★ Consolidated subsidiaries
Smart
Safety
Material
Engineering plastics
Other companies and companies involved in multiple business departments
DM Novafoam Ltd.★
Nagano Novafoam Sangyo Ltd.
Toyama Filter Tow Co., Ltd.
Toyoshina Film Co., Ltd. Daicel Ohtake Sangyo Co., Ltd.★
Daicel Pyrotechnics Ltd.★ ★
Daicel Arai Chemical Ltd.
Dainichi Chemical Co., Ltd.★ DAICEL CORPORATION★
  Kyodo Sakusan Co., Ltd.★   Daicel-ALLNEX Ltd.
  Polyplastics Co., Ltd.★
  Daicel Polymer Ltd.★ *
  Daicel Value Coating Ltd.★ *   Daicel Pack Systems Ltd.★   Daicel-Evonik Ltd.
  Toyo Styrene Co., Ltd.
  Daicel FineChem Ltd.★ *
  Daicen Membrane-Systems Ltd.★   PTM Holdings, Inc.★
  Kyoudou Polymer Co., Ltd.
  Special Devices Japan Ltd.
  PI-CRYSTAL, Inc.★
PolyplaService Co., Ltd.★ Kyouei Shokusan Co., Ltd.★
Daicel Logistics Service Co., Ltd.★
Hayashi Shipping, Co., Ltd. Daicel Aboshi sangyo Co., Ltd.★ Daicel Safety Systems Inc.★ Hirohata Terminal Company Ltd.
Poland
  Daicel Safety Systems Europe Sp. z o. o.★ France
  Chiral Technologies Europe S.A.S.★
*As of July 1, 2020, Sales departments of Daicel FineChem Ltd., Daicel Polymer Ltd., and Daicel Value Coating Ltd. were integrated into a new company named Daicel Miraizu Ltd., which succeeded Daicel FineChem Ltd. Also, on the same day, the production departments of Daicel Polymer Ltd. were transferred to Daicel’s Multiple Production Company, and Daicel Polymer Ltd. was dissolved.
*1 As of July 1, 2020, Daicel Polymer (Hong Kong) Ltd. changed its name to Daicel Miraizu (Hong Kong) Ltd.
*2 As of July 1, 2020, Daicel Polymer (Thailand) Co., Ltd. changed its name to Daicel Miraizu (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information
66 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 67
Singapore

 Financial Information / Corporate Information
 Company Data (as of March 31, 2020)
Corporate Overview
Principal Domestic Locations
Office
■ Osaka Head Office
Grand Front Osaka Tower-B, 3-1, Ofuka-cho, Kita-ku, Osaka 530-0011
Tel: +81-6-7639-7171 Fax: +81-6-7639-7181 ■ Tokyo Head Office
JR Shinagawa East Bldg., 2-18-1, Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-8230 Tel: +81-3-6711-8111 Fax: +81-3-6711-8100
■ Tokyo Head Office Satellite
Shinagawa HEART, 1-8-23, Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-0075
Tel: +81-3-6711-8333 Fax: +81-3-6711-8300 ■ Nagoya Sales Office
JP Tower Nagoya, 1-1-1, Meieki, Nakamura-ku, Nagoya, Aichi 450-6325 Tel: +81-52-582-8511 Fax: +81-52-582-7943
   Corporate Name: Establishment: Capital:
Number of employees:
Status of Stock
Common stock authorized:
Issued:
Listing:
Daicel Corporation
September 8, 1919
¥36,275,440,089
11,606 (Consolidated); 2,492 (Non-consolidated)
1,450,000,000 shares
315,942,682 shares
Tokyo Stock Exchange (First Section)
Innovation Park
Plant
■ Himeji Production Sector/Aboshi Plant 1239, Shinzaike, Aboshi-ku, Himeji-shi, Hyogo 671-1281
■ Arai Plant
1-1, Shinko-cho, Myoko-shi, Niigata 944- 8550
1239, Shinzaike, Aboshi-ku, Himeji-shi, Hyogo 671-1283
Innovation Park, where we have brought together our core technologies in one location, has accelerated the creation of new businesses through Open Innovation for every process from designing and developing new materials to establishing mass- production technologies.
■ Himeji Production Sector/Hirohata Plant 12, Fuji-cho, Hirohata-ku, Himeji-shi, Hyogo 671-1123
■ Ohtake Plant
1-4, Higashisakae 2-chome, Otake-shi, Hiroshima 739-0695
Training Center
■ H.R. Training Center
14-1, Kouto 3-chome, Kamigori-cho,
Akou-gun, Hyogo 678-1205
■ Harima Plant
805, Umaba, Ibogawa-cho, Tatsuno-shi, Hyogo 671-1681
■ Kanzaki Plant
12-1, Kanzaki-cho, Amagasaki-shi, Hyogo 661-0964
  Shareholder registry administrator:
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited 1-4-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Number of shareholders: Accounting auditor:
17,391
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC
 Stock Information
Stock Price Range
(Yen) 2,000 1,600 1,200
800 400
(Left axis) Stock price range:
(Right axis) Trading volume:
(Thousand shares)
200,000
160,000
120,000
80,000
40,000
         00
 18/4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 19/1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 20/1 2 3
 Shareholder Composition (as of March 31, 2020) Thousand
■ Financial institutions
■ Securities companies
■ Other domestic corporations ■ Foreign investors
■ Individual & other investors
Top 10 Shareholders (as of March 31, 2020)
Thousand of shares
% 38.7 3,607 1.1 39,924 12.6 109,770 34.7 40,310 12.8
Distribution
shares 122,330
issued and shares outstanding (%)
      The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account) Nippon Life Insurance Company
Toyota Motor Corporation
NORTHERN TRUST CO. (AVFC) RE SILCHESTER INTERNATIONAL INVESTORS INTERNATIONAL VALUE EQUITY TRUST
FUJIFILM Holdings Corporation
National Mutual Insurance Federation of Agricultural Cooperatives
SSBTC CLIENT OMNIBUS ACCOUNT Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation MUFG Bank, Ltd
21,055 6.77 18,052 5.80 17,402 5.59 15,000 4.82
9,874 3.17
8,390 2.69 7,779 2.50
7,553 2.43 7,096 2.28 6,503 2.09
         Sustainability Management
> Sustainability Promotion
> Our SDG Focus and Initiatives
Environment (E)
> Chemicals Management
> Water Resource Preservation
> Environmental Management
and Prevention of Air Pollution
> Preserving Biodiversity
> Environmental Accounting
A sitemap is available for quickly locating desired information on our Sustainability website.
Social (S)
> Contribution to Local Communities and Society
Governance (G)
List of Data Collection Boundaries
> Scope of Reporting for Human Resources and Governance Data
> Scope of Reporting for Environmental and Occupational Safety and Health Data
List of Declarations and Certifications
> Status of Environmental Management System Certification
> Quality Management System
ESG Data
GRI Standards Content Index
> Environmental Management > Global Warming Prevention > Reduction and Recycling of
Industrial Waste
> Responsibility for Customers and Product Safety > Enhancing Product Quality
> Chemical and Product Safety
> Process Safety and Disaster Prevention
> Distribution Safety
> Creating Attractive Workplaces
> Occupational Health and Safety
> Human Resource Management
> Initiatives to Help Employees Maintain
Mental and Physical Health
> Human Resource Development
> Diversity Promotion
> Work-Life Balance Promotion
> Human Rights
> Respect for Human Rights
> Sustainable Procurement
> Supply Chain Management
> Corporate Governance
> Corporate Ethics (Compliance) > Risk Management
     Responsible Care Activities
> Responsible Care Activities > Targets, Results, and
Assessments of RC Activities
       68 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 69
*Each rate of shareholding was calculated after deducting the number of treasury shares from the number of shares outstanding.
Guide to Our Sustainability Website
The Daicel Group reports on initiatives that constitute the foundation of its sustainability under the categories of the environment, society, and governance, in addition to Daicel Report. Daicel Report is compiled as a digest to highlight some of the Group’s overall initiatives. Full details of our initiatives are published on the Sustainability section of our corporate website.
Daicel Group Sustainability Website https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/ Outline
  ■ Website
Comprehensive report on the Daicel Group’s initiatives
■ Daicel Report
Report on initiatives for FY2020/3
 Details
Specialized
General
 Daicel Report provides a digest of content shown over a blue background, whereas our sustainability website provides all the complete details.
Conceptual Framework Financial/Non-Financial Value Creation Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / for Daicel Group Values Highlights Growth Strategies Sustainability Corporate Information
