Medical / Healthcare
  We supply safe, high-quality raw materials for healthcare products and offer solutions for drug development for today’s society, which values quality of life* more
than ever before.
*Material wealth as well as the general level of satisfaction in life, including psychological wellbeing.
     Business Overview
Our Healthcare Business, consisting of the Cosmetics and Health Foods businesses, handles the manufacturing and sales of high-quality raw materials for cosmetics, health food products, and nutritional supplements. The main product of the Cosmetics Business is a raw material called 1,3-Butylene glycol (1,3-BG), widely used as a moisturizing agent and highly regarded in Asian markets for being odor- free. The Health Foods Business makes optimal use of its natural-material extraction and bioconversion technologies to create and deliver unique nutritional raw materials
and supplements such as konjac-derived ceramide and
soybean-derived equol.
In the chiral separation business, we mainly provide
chiral columns and chiral stationary phases (CSPs)
for separation and purification of optical isomers in pharmaceutical development and manufacturing processes, as well as chiral separation services in five regions of the world: Japan, the US, Europe, China, and India. Our chiral column maintains a high market share around the world. We are expanding our solution domains into the rapidly growing biologics discovery areas through a network built in the small-molecule drug field.
https://wellmethod.jp
Although cosmetics, one of our main markets, can be contracted on a short-term basis due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the market will grow over the medium to long term, particularly in Asian countries. In preparation for higher demand for 1,3-BG, we constructed a new plant at the Aboshi Plant with the expectation that having two production sites would strengthen business continuity and enable us to grow sales even further.
TOPICS
Newly Launched WELLMETHOD®, a “Well-Aging” Brand for Women, and Released a New Supplement Soy Equol®
 We launched a new brand WELLMETHOD® for women and opened a brand website in December 2019.
The website focuses on women who experience certain aging patterns and offers useful and information from friendly
■ Brand website for WELLMETHOD®
In January 2020, a new product named Soy Equol® was released by WELLMETHOD®. Soy Equol® is a supplement designed for women who want to balance their hormone containing equol an intestinal metabolite of soybean isoflavones. We developed it, focusing on easiness of intake for women from various perspectives.
We will develop WELLMETHOD® into a comprehensive healthcare brand that will always be there for women, and support them to be active in their own fields.
Business Overview of FY2020/3
While exports of 1,3-BG to Asian markets proceeded favorably, sales by the Cosmetics Business decreased year- on-year as demand from overseas tourists slowed. Sales
by the Health Foods Business increased thanks to growth in sales of equol. Sales of chiral stationary phases (CSPs) decreased, while net sales by the CPI Business remained
at the same level as the previous year because of increased sales from a new project.
supervisors and writers. Through this branding effort, we will communicate the evolution of Daicel’s Healthcare Business inside and outside the company and further develop the brand into a trendsetter.
        Business Environment
• Growth of the cosmetics market • G  rowth of the supplement market
because of increased health awareness
• I ntensified drug-discovery needs and growing macromolecule drug market
Strategies
◦ Promote 1,3 BG with stable supply through multiple production bases, and the world's No. 1 quality to meet future higher demand ◦Raising recognition of Daicel among target populations and
widening the variety of products
◦Expanding the macromolecule drug development support
business
  SDGs Relevant to these Segments
Performance Highlights (Consolidated)
 22 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 23
Net sales (FY2020/3)
Operating income (FY2020/3)
  ¥15.1billion ¥1.3billion
 