Daicel Group Businesses and Growth Strategies Safety
Business Overview
We have cultivated a wealth of pyrotechnic device technologies over the course of our longstanding operations, which started with the production of cellulose nitrate, a raw material of celluloid. Applying these technologies, our Safety Business manufactures and sells automotive safety devices such as automobile airbag inflators (gas generation devices), which protect the lives of occupants and pedestrians by inflating airbags within milliseconds after a collision, and gas generators for seat belt pretensioners (PGG).
Our automobile airbag inflators are highly regarded as the
TOPICS
Safe, Reliable Pyro-Fuses Suitable for Use in Cars and Industry
        Continuing to provide innovative safety and security to society
on the foundation of know-how cultivated in pyrotechnics and vehicle safety industry .
With highly reliable techniques, honed through the development and production of airbag inflators, we are developing and producing Pyro-Fuses that instantaneously interrupt electrical currents.
Electric vehicles, expected soon to appear on roads in great numbers, use high-voltage batteries. Certain measures are therefore required to protect occupants from the risk of electrical shock in case of an accident or malfunction and
to prevent secondary hazards. In this context, Pyro-Fuses
are expected to alleviate safety concerns as a solution for interrupting the electric circuits in the event of an emergency and isolating the vehicle’s battery.
We will launch a wide variety of Pyro-Fuses that prevent abnormal heating and catching fire in the event of an earthquake or fire as well as for industrial uses such as for batteries and systems for storing and transmitting renewable energy.
■ Potential applications
Inverter
Motor
Control device
Charging inlet
Secondary battery
1 Overcharging
2 Circuitmalfunction
         key component of airbag systems that continue to advance. We operate in seven countries including Japan, the US, China, Thailand, Poland, South Korea, and India so that we can flexibly respond to rapidly changing automotive industries worldwide. Our Pyro-Fuses, which safely, instantaneously, and pyrotechnically interrupt high-voltage and high-current electricity in the event of an emergency, are expected to be used in many products that will be automated by AI, not to mention the already burgeoning electric vehicle industry.
3 Accident
          Business Environment
• G  lobal slowdown of automobile production
• T echnological advances in self-driving cars
• S tricter automotive safety standards in emerging countries
Strategies
◦Thorough productivity enhancement and streamline operations at overseas bases to improve profitability
◦Adopting next-generation technology
◦Sales expansion of business in Europe, USA and India
through strengthening collaboration with module makers ◦Developmentofnewuseofpyrodevices beyondtheautomotivemarket
  SDGs Relevant to these Segments
Performance Highlights (Consolidated)
■ Applications other than for vehicles
Our Pyro-Fuses can also be used for safety gear, renewable energy, and in medical care.
In the event of a Renewable natural disaster energy
Business Overview of FY2020/3
The sales volume of automobile airbag inflators, our mainstay product, was maintained at the same level as in the previous year despite the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, while sales by the entire Safety Business decreased year-on- year because the supply of replacement products for recalls by other companies came to an end.
We have been restructuring our global production for
Interrupts electricity in an emergency to prevent additional hazards
Medical care
inflators to improve profitability of the business. As part of this effort, we transferred some operations to other sites and, as a result, posted a fixed asset impairment loss. We will accelerate our efforts to raise earnings, which include further cost reductions and the development of competitive new products.
 26 DAICEL Report 2020
DAICEL Report 2020 27