 Lifestyle Support in the Age of Centenarians
From the children, who will be the future, to the elderly, we provide one-stop solutions that meet the diverse life event needs of our customers at various stages of their lives, and support the richness of their lifestyles in the age of centenarians.
Business Strategy for Value Creation
 Medium-Term Management Plan Targets and Systems
We are promoting the diversification of our staff. By utilizing Group functions and outside experts, we will establish a Group-wide one-stop solution system, and provide life-plan consulting and financial products and services suitable for customers throughout their lives.
Solutions for the wealthy
In order to meet the needs for management and inheritance of financial assets, we offer “Hamagin Okane Trust”, a money trust that basically functions as a substitute for a will, and also provide consulting and solutions for highly specialized matters such as inheritance and asset inheritance, in cooperation with outside experts.
In addition, sales branches and the head office collaborate to respond to the consulting needs of more sophisticated and specialized customers on a tailor-made basis.
Detailed Response to Diverse Financial Needs
We provide optimal solutions to meet the diverse financial needs of our clients, which vary according to their life events and asset backgrounds.
 Finding employment
20s
Marriage
Birth of children Home ownership and education
Preparations for emergencies
Retirement Succession of assets
Continued asset management
60s 70s 80s Pre- and post-retirement period
Inheritance
Planned withdrawal
90s Around 100 years old advanced age (old age)life event
amount of assets
Asset formation and asset management
30s 40s 50s active duty period  Business Strategy for Value CreationWith our sights set on the age of centenarians, we are enhancing our financial services in line with our customers’ life events, such as marriage, education, and inheritance. We also approach our customers from the financial services side to help solve local community issues by grasping the needs for things, people, and experiences that are the source of the demand for financial services. In addition, we provide optimal solutions to meet the diversifying financial needs of our customers by expanding our access points, including enhanced smartphone applications, websites, and contact centers.Balance of investment-type products for individuals (Group total)(¥100 million)
26,000
FY 2018 FY2019 FY 2020 FY 2021
 22,477 23,510 21,150
      Housing loan average balance (Bank of Yokohama)Goal attainment
34,148 Over 34,000
FY 2020 FY 2021
(¥100 million)
    32,599 31,490
   FY 2018
FY 2019Corporate solution revenue (total for both banks)To approx. 1.2 times the amount in 3 years
(¥100 million)
FY 2021
   122
119
115
    FY 2018 FY 2019 FY 2020Number of specialist referrals
(Transactions)
1,449 1,245
FY 2018 FY 2019 FY 2020
  890
 Number of money trusts concluded
(Transactions)
Over 2,000 1,278
635
FY 2019 FY 2020 FY 2021
    * Total amount of investment-type product sales and consulting-related revenue
* Available from 2019
Solutions for the asset-building community
In order to meet the needs of non-face-to-face and non-contact customers during the pandemic, we have expanded procedures on our smartphone app and website, and conducted webinars on a variety of topics, including asset management and inheritance. At Bank of Yokohama, you can apply to open an “Investment Trust Specific Account” or a “NISA Account”, and purchase “Tsumitate NISA” at the same time using just your smartphone.
Main Support Menu
Loans for wealthy individuals
Measures for succession of company stock
Asset management support
Money trusts
Inheritance tax reduction measures
Effective use of real estate
Inheritance of assets, including wills
Introduction to experts
etc.One-stop solution offering system Headquarters
Group Company
H.O.-based
Wealth Manager
(Team of professionals for HNW Customers)
We will build medium- to long-term relationships with ultra-high-net-worth customers andCustom-made support
  ◊ Hamagin TT Securities
◊ Hamagin Research Institute
◊ Sky OceanAsset Management
External Expert
Linkage
Branch-based
Financial Consultant
(One-stop solution for investment loan needs) We have unified the personnel in
charge of operations and loans, which were previously divided into two groups.one-stop serviceOverarching solutions at different life eventsMore accessible points
Real channel
ce
Enhance
Loyal Customer Activities※Enhance Sales based on the “customer”,
 Direct channel
Enhan
◊ Mobile apps
◊ Web-based promotion ◊ Contact center, etc.
not on the “product”
Succession. real estate consulting practical use
Customers
financial asset security operation insurance
  ◊ In-branch consultation space ◊ B to E transactions, etc.
(*) Activities to increase customer loyalty by providing a variety of solutions in
a group-wide manner
 Number of IB investment trusts sold
 13,713 11,042
(Transactions)
19,342
   FY 2018 FY 2019 FY 2020Balance of loans for specific purposes
To approx. 2 times the amount in 3 years
812 567
(¥100 million)
Goal attainment
1,017
About 1,000
      FY 2018
FY 2019
FY 2020
FY 202137
38
Main Support Menu
Account opening/ payment
Mortgage loan
Investment trusts (NISA, Tsumitate- NISA, etc.)
Fund wrappers and insurance
etc.
iDeco
Special purpose loan
Webinars
  39
40
Lifestyle Support in the Age of Centenarians
Business Strategy for Value Creation
  Initiatives for Value Creation
We contribute to our customers attaining rich lives by providing financial products and services tailored to their life plans, including support for the growth of children, who will bear the future, support for asset building in accordance with their life plans, and support for the lives of senior citizens.
Supporting greater financial literacy and children’s growth
In order to meet the needs of non-face-to-face and non-contact customers during the pandemic, we have expanded procedures on our smartphone app and website, and conducted webinars on a variety of topics, including asset management and inheritance. At the Bank of Yokohama, you can apply to open an “Investment Trust Specific Account” or a “NISA Account”, and purchase “Tsumitate NISA” at the same time using just your smartphone.
Initiatives for Financial Education
As a long-term KPI for sustainability, the Group has set a target of 100,000 participants in financial education between FY2019 and FY2030.
The Bank of Yokohama is working to promote and improve financial literacy through its financial education program, “Hamagin Okane no Kyoshitsu” (Hamagin’s Money Classroom), by holding school visits and work experience programs, and providing content on its website. The Bank also provides children with opportunities to think about their future by planning and sponsoring “Kanagawa EduTown Ashitane” (Kanagawa Education Town Tomorrow), a career education and job research website for elementary, junior high, and high school students.
In addition to holding school visits and work experience programs, Higashi-Nippon Bank also cooperates with the Tokyo Metropolitan Government’s Entrepreneurship Education Program for elementary and junior high school students, and supports the development of entrepreneurial spirit and entrepreneurial qualities and abilities among a wide range of people, including children.
Publication of “SDGs for Beginners”
As part of our initiatives concerning the SDGs, we publish a booklet entitled “SDGs for Beginners” to help local children learn the basics of the SDGs. In addition to promoting the use of this system for on-site classes and work experience, it can also be downloaded from our website. We support children, who will be the leaders of the future, to learn in a wide range of fields, not only in finance.
TOPIC Launch of the “Hamagin Money Class” website
The Bank of Yokohama launched the “Hamagin Okane no Kyoshitsu” (Hamagin Money Class) website for the financial education program in December 2020 to ensure online educational opportunities in light of the social situation of the coronavirus pandemic.
The bank’s mascot character “Hamapen” appears on the site, and provides easy-to- understand videos such as “How to use your allowance” and “How to think about money”, as well as financial quizzes, calculation simulations, and other fun learning content for both children and adults. Various content, such as teaching plans and worksheets, can be downloaded easily, so they can be used in schools and local communities.
Bank of Yokohama Website https://www.boy.co.jp/boy/brand/okane/
Provision of financial products and services that meet life plan needs
Long-term asset building support
In order to support asset building through long-term accumulation, we provide information on “iDeCo” and “Tsumitate NISA”, a tax exemption system for small investment amounts, through seminars at workplaces and webinars. We also offer a Junior NISA, a children’s version that allows legal representatives (e.g. persons with parental authority) to manage assets on behalf of their children or grandchildren until they reach the age of 20.
Start of Bank of Yokohama fund wrapper service
In April 2021, the Bank of Yokohama began offering the Bank of Yokohama Fund Wrapper, a discretionary investment service that designs an optimal plan for each customer and manages the funds in accordance with that plan on behalf of the customer. The product is designed to provide customers with moderate asset growth in line with economic growth and preparation for future life events. By regularly confirming customers’ intentions and reflecting them in investment proposals, we achieve asset management that meets the needs of each customer.
We are also working to enhance the sophistication of the solutions we offer by strengthening our “goal-based approach”, which proposes asset management methods tailored to customers’ life goals, and our “portfolio proposals”, which propose optimal financial asset allocations based on investment objectives, risk tolerance, and other factors, in order to respond in detail to the needs of each customer.
The opening of the second Hamagin Insurance Parlor
The Bank of Yokohama provides customers with attentive consultation on insurance matters at the “Hamagin Insurance Parlor”, a dedicated insurance consultation window, and proposes tailor-made insurance plans to meet their needs. Our specialist staff, who are “insurance professionals” with a thorough understanding of
the characteristics of each insurance product, will propose the most suitable insurance plan from a variety
of products, including protection and savings, after thoroughly reviewing the customer’s life plan and needs, including a review of insurance and the contents of the insurance currently in force. In June 2020, we opened a second branch at the west exit of Yokohama Station to meet growing insurance needs.
Support for life during the senior years
Dealing with Dementia Issues
At the Bank of Yokohama, we introduce customers to trust companies that we have partnered with if
they wish to use the “Adult Guardianship System” to manage their assets and support their life, as well as guardianship system support deposits to protect the assets of customers who are already within the system (wards), and dementia insurance to pay for dementia treatment.
In addition, approximately 2,400 employees of the Bank have taken courses on the symptoms of dementia, how to support dementia and how to be prepared for dementia, taught by staff of the Regional Comprehensive Support Center, and these 2,400 have been assigned as “dementia supporters” at all domestic branches.
Conducting a demonstration experiment of a communication tablet for
seniors
The Bank of Yokohama, together with the Chiba Bank, Ltd., and NEC Corporation, has conducted a demonstration test of the “Tablet PaPeRo”, a communication tablet for seniors, in order to study new services for seniors that utilize digital technology. The Bank lent tablets to senior customers and provided them with
a virtual assistant, PaPeRo, and the Bank’s mascot character, Hamapen, to help them with their daily life problems, as well as various health-related functions such as cognitive function tests.
Five types of operation styles (image)
TOPIC
Launch of “the Bank of Yokohama at Home”
Large
  Small
Large
conservative
somewhat conservative
somewhat aggressive
balanced
aggressive
      The Bank of Yokohama’s screen for customers
Number of contracts concluded for iDeCo and Tsumitate-NISAiDeco Tsumitate NISA
1,009 1,040
(Number of contracts)
1,460 1,215
  FY 2019
FY 2020
 