 41
42
Revitalizing the local economy
By proactively working to resolve regional issues and contributing to the revitalization and sustainable development of regional economies, we will continue to grow as a company with a regional operating base.
Business Strategy for Value Creation
In order to systematically promote regional development, we have established promotion policies and medium- to long-term measures in each field of “Community, People, and Work”, and formulated “Action Plans for Regional Strategy Promotion” for activities to meet the diversified and individualized challenges and needs of each region.
In the “Hamagin 10 Years Ahead Project”, in order to develop rich and sustainable local communities, the Bank of Yokohama goes beyond simply supporting the implementation of measures laid out by the government and independently identifies problems that the region could face ten years from now, proactively moving to propose and implement measures that will enable us to achieve our vision of the bank of 10 years in the future.
Regional Strategy Promotion System
In order to strengthen its community-based initiatives, the Bank of Yokohama has established a regional head office system, which divides its business area into two districts (Head Office, Tokyo and outside the prefecture) and five regions (Eastern, Central, Western, Southern, and Kawasaki). Under
the regional headquarters system, the general managers assigned to each district and region play the role of “regional managers” and, based on the Action Plan for the Promotion of Regional Strategies, work to resolve regional issues while leveraging the bank’s strengths in its customer base and its networks with local governments, local universities, and other financial institutions.
Higashi-Nippon Bank has a “block sales division system” that organizes its business areas into 10 blocks, and promotes strategies tailored to the characteristics of each block.
Business Strategy for Value Creation
Major Collaborations with Local Governments (since FY 2016)
Initiatives to create sustainable cities
Participation in Yokohama City’s “Social Impact Bond” model project
In August 2020, the Bank of Yokohama participated in the City of Yokohama’s Social Impact Bond* model project and supported an online consultation service to ease the anxiety of mothers during pregnancy and the postpartum period.
This model project by the City of Yokohama provided a service that allows mothers to easily consult a specialist doctor online from the time of pregnancy until four months after childbirth, when anxiety is particularly likely to be high, and verified the effect in reducing the risk of postpartum depression in mothers. The Bank of Yokohama provided the necessary funds to the online service provider and also monitored the business.
(*) A system of public-private partnership in which the private sector’s funds and know-how are used to implement projects (services) that require solutions to social issues, and the government pays project costs and compensation when results are achieved.
Participation in PFI Projects
Cooperation with the “Fujisawa City Fujigaoka 2-Chome Area Redevelopment
Project”
The Bank of Yokohama participated in Fujisawa City’s PFI (*) project, the Fujisawa City Fujigaoka 2-Chome Area Redevelopment Project, and supported the project to rebuild Fujigaoka Nursery School and to consolidate public facilities around the nursery school to create a mixed-use facility by providing project funds as a regional financial institution. This project promotes the three themes of “child rearing support”, “health maintenance and preventive nursing care”, and “multi-generational exchange” with the aim of realizing a smart wellness town based on the Fujisawa Vision for Community, People, and Work. It undertakes events for the community, as well as operating private sector facilities such as clinics, pharmacies, and residential care facilities.
(*) This method of public works utilizes private sector funds, management capabilities, and technical know-how to design, operate, renovate, and renew public facilities, as well as to maintain, manage, and operate them.
Cooperation with the “Yokohama City Kamigo Mori no Ie (Kamigo Forest House) Renovation and
Management Project”
The Bank of Yokohama participated in the PFI project for the redevelopment of the Kamigo-Mori No Ie (Kamigo Forest House) training and accommodation facility in Yokohama. The City of Yokohama will retain ownership of the facility and a private sector operator will raise funds to renovate and repair the facility, and then maintain and manage the facility under the PFI scheme. The Bank of Yokohama will help fund not only the renovation and maintenance costs of the facility, but also the management and operational costs of the project in the future.
Support for the Rehabilitation of Large Housing Complexes
The Bank of Yokohama is working with local governments to support the revitalization of large-scale housing complexes in order to help build communities where multiple generations can live safely and securely.
Sakuradai Danchi, a large-scale housing complex located in Aoba Ward, Yokohama City, decided to reconstruct the entire complex into a new 820-unit housing complex in response to the deterioration of the buildings, the need to make the complex barrier-free, and the aging of the residents, so in August 2020 the “Sakuradai Mansions Renovation Association” was formed. The Bank of Yokohama, as arranger, arranged a syndicated loan to provide reconstruction funds to the reconstruction association, and is also providing reverse mortgage loans and other support to elderly residents who wish to move back into the building.
Cashless Transactions Taking Root in the Community
“HamaPay” smartphone payment service
The Bank of Yokohama was one of the first in the financial industry to provide a smartphone-based payment service (HamaPay), with a focus on revolutionizing distribution and commercial transactions through cashless payment and on creating sustainable communities where people can live with peace of mind. In collaboration with local governments, universities, shopping malls and commercial facilities, we aim to realize a safe and secure cashless society rooted in the community.
Participation in Kanagawa Prefecture’s “Cashless Consumption Stimulation Project”
The Bank of Yokohama was commissioned by Kanagawa Prefecture to manage its “Cashless Consumption Stimulation Project” as the representative organization of the joint venture. In addition to supporting businesses in the prefecture that have experienced a decline in sales due to the coronavirus pandemic, as a settlement provider we are promoting cashless settlements that are in line with new lifestyles.
Sagamihara City
(Agreement on Collaboration for Regional Revitalization)
Kiyokawa Village
(Agreement on Collaboration for Regional Revitalization)
Yamakita Town
(Comprehensive Agreement on Collaboration for the Promotion of Migration and Settling)
Yugawara Town
(Agreement on Collaboration for Regional Revitalization)
Tokyo Metropolitan area
(Agreement on Collaboration for the Promotion of Workplace Reform, etc.)
Kanagawa Prefecture
(Agreement on Collaboration and Cooperation for the Promotion of the SDGs)
Tokyo and outside of prefecture district
Kawasaki City
(Agreement on Collaboration for Industrial Promotion)
City of Yokohama
(Agreement on the Promotion of Workplace Reform, etc.)
Central region
Western region
Eastern region
Isehara City
(Agreement on Collaboration for Regional Revitalization)
Oiso Town
(Agreement on Collaboration for Support for Commerce and Industry)
Kawasaki region
Head office district
Southern region
Yokosuka City
(Agreement on Support for Small and Medium Enterprises)
Miura City
(Agreement on Collaboration for Tourism Revitalization)
 Revitalizing the local economy
Business Strategy for Value Creation
 Initiatives to create a flow of people into regions
Revitalization of tourism by utilizing historical resources in Odawara
The Bank of Yokohama has invested in the Houtoku Shiho Corporation (named after a 19th century Japanese economic recovery policy) through the Tourism Heritage Industrialization Investment Limited Partnership (Tourism Heritage Industrialization Fund), a joint venture with the Regional Economy Vitalization Corporation of Japan (REVIC). In addition we have provided the company with advice on business operations and cooperation in real estate renovation funds to revitalize tourism using Odawara City’s historical resources.
The company renovated its real estate holdings with investment from the fund and opened Hakone-Guchi Garage (Houtoku Plaza), which promotes tourism and local community projects. Hakone-Guchi Garage is located near Odawara Castle and other historical buildings, and operates a restaurant, café, and flower shop to promote tourism in the area. The proceeds are used to operate a local community where three generations can gather and provide a variety of lifestyle services to local residents, centered on a local cafeteria.
(*) A system of public-private partnership in which the private sector’s funds and know-how are used to implement projects (services) that require solutions to social issues, and the government pays project costs and compensation when results are achieved.
Support for local businesses, such as restaurants and lodging facilities
The Bank of Yokohama implemented an initiative from August 2020 to January 2021 to promote consumption of local currency by Bank of Yokohama employees in order to support, through consumption, the local restaurant and lodging industries, whose business activities were severely affected by the spread
of the novel coronavirus pandemic. In an initiative that also served as a demonstration test for local currency using a dedicated smartphone application, the bank sought to increase consumption by subsidizing a certain amount of money as part of employee benefits, and to contribute to the recovery of the local economy by ensuring that employees themselves had the opportunity to participate in supporting business partners.
Support for the revitalization of the entire Miura Peninsula
Bank of Yokohama has concluded a partnership agreement with Miura City, the Regional Economy Vitalization Initiative Corporation (REVIC), the Keihin Electric Express Railway Company, and the Miura Trust Co. to promote revitalization of the entire area utilizing the rich local resources of Miura City, such as by promoting excursions utilizing tourist content, by distributing information, etc. We support the revitalization of tourism by providing a variety of solutions, including financial support for businesses, business matching, business succession, and cashless settlement.
We have also concluded cooperative agreements with the Keihin Electric Express Railway Co., Ltd., and NTT DoCoMo, Inc., to revitalize the local economy and are working to support industrial development and marine leisure.
Based on the spread of telework, satellite office work, and work vacations (workations), we are also encouraging migration and settlement from outside Kanagawa Prefecture to the prefecture. In online seminars on migration and dual-residence held with Chiba Bank, with which we have a business alliance, panel discussions were held on themes such as “migration”, “dual-residence” and “work vacations”, inviting migrants to Miura City in Kanagawa Prefecture and Minamiboso City in Chiba Prefecture.
Initiatives to create jobs in the region
Support for Commercialization through Industry-University Collaboration
New Technology Online Matching Meetings
The Bank of Yokohama supports the commercialization of new technologies at the R&D stage by linking researchers and businesses through industry-academia collaboration initiatives.
At the “New Technology Online Matching Meeting”, held in conjunction with Chiba Bank, with which we have a business alliance, researchers from all nine universities and technical colleges in Kanagawa and Chiba prefectures delivered video presentations on new technologies and held individual consultations with each company online.
Appointment System for Coordinators of Industry-Academia-Government-
Finance Cooperation
The Bank of Yokohama has been appointed by Yokohama National University, with which it has a comprehensive cooperation agreement, as the “Yokohama National University Industry-Academia-Government-Finance Collaboration Coordinator.”
The coordinators provide academic and technical guidance, consultation and acceptance of joint research, etc., provide support for matching the seeds of technology, and introduce projects in which patents are released free of charge, so the Bank of Yokohama acts as a bridge for proposals to the Bank’s business partners.
Support for cultivation of industry
Support for venture businesses through subsidy programs
The Bank of Yokohama promotes the commercialization of seeds held by researchers aiming to start their own businesses and venture companies that have just begun their operations by contributing to the research and development grant program of the Hamagin Foundation for Industrial and Cultural Advancement. In FY2020, a total of 12 million yen in subsidies was provided to four companies.
Supporting Student Entrepreneurship
The Bank of Yokohama, together with Chiba Bank, with which it has a business alliance, co-hosted a business
idea contest for students, inviting a wide range of business ideas and plans from students living or studying in the two banks’ business areas, with the aim of fostering entrepreneurship among students, who will become future leaders of the local economy. In FY2020, a total of 700,000 yen in supplementary prizes was awarded to five groups selected through a selection committee.
Support for the development of women entrepreneurs
The Bank of Yokohama held an online “Women’s Entrepreneurship Development Support Seminar” mainly for women who aspire to start their own businesses. Women entrepreneurs with ties to Kanagawa gave lectures based on their own entrepreneurial experiences and held a panel discussion on the theme of “Initiatives for SDGs.” The Bank provides ongoing support to seminar participants in their activities to start their own businesses by encouraging them to participate in business contests and seminars for business start-ups organized by the Bank.
Support for expansion of sales channels for local companies
       The Bank of Yokohama has launched an initiative to support
the product development and sales of its business partners through an investment in the “New Product Development Support Project Anonymous Partnership” with TV Tokyo Communications Corporation (TXCOM) as the operator. By crossing well-known intellectual property (IP), such as characters and animation,
with high-quality products of local companies, we contribute
to strengthening the competitiveness of those products and to expanding the recognition of those companies and products utilizing the IP and we support the sustainable growth of local companies. We will also consider launching a regional trading company business in the medium to long term.
(Introduction)
Proposal for collaborative product development
Product purchasing and inventory holding (collaborative products and inventory products)
License negotiation
Sales through EC etc.
Owners of such intellectual property (IP) as characters and animation
 44