 Workplace Reform and Promotion of Diversity
Concordia Financial Group is striving to transform itself into a highly productive organization where diverse human resources can maximize their capabilities, and to foster an organizational culture that encourages employees to take on new challenges and grow.
Business Strategy for Value Creation
Based on the belief that improving the job satisfaction
and engagement of each and every employee is essential for us to become a strong organization that can achieve sustainable growth, we are promoting initiatives to develop human resources, including personnel systems and human resource development that encourage employees to take on new challenges and grow, to create an organization in which human rights are respected and diverse human resources can play an active role, and to create a workplace in which employees can work with peace of mind.
Personnel development
Personnel system
Promotion of Active Participation Across All Generations
In order to enhance the job satisfaction of each and every employee and achieve sustainable growth for the Group, the Bank of Yokohama and Higashi- Nippon Bank are implementing the “Hamagin Full Participation Project” and the “Higashi-Nippon Bank Full Participation Project”, respectively, to foster
a sense of unity across all generations within the Group and promote fair and proper treatment regardless of seniority or personal factors. In addition, as part of our efforts for the diversification of part-timers, we revised our personnel system based on the principle of “equal pay for equal work”. This included reviewing the payment system to reflect the diverse status of work, strengthening our training and on-the-job training functions, and expanding our bonus, retirement benefit, vacation systems, etc. We encourage those who are willing to take on the challenge of transferring to a new position and we are strengthening our support system for skill enhancement and career changes.
New personnel system
In January 2021, we reviewed our personnel system with the aim of creating a system that encourages each employee to take on challenges and boost their growth, reviewing the system so that motivated employees can play an active role regardless of their generation, and encouraging diverse human resources to play an even more active role through initiatives aimed at realizing diverse career paths. We will raise each individual’s motivation to take on challenges and grow and encourage the activities of diverse human resources by varying the treatment to a greater extent than before in accordance with the weight of work responsibilities, such as the difficulty and scope of responsibilities and roles, and the contribution to business results.
Training and development
Effective Human Resource Development and Staff Deployment
The Bank of Yokohama introduced a talent management system in January 2021 in order to develop human resource strategies linked to management and sales strategies and to implement strategic human resource management. By using this system, we will unify the management of information regarding each employee’s skills, knowledge, aptitude, and career design, which has tended to be fragmented in the past, in order to develop and allocate human resources more effectively.
Developing human resources to strengthen problem-solving skills
In order to support employees’ courage and motivation to take on new roles, we provide career change training for employees who wish to change their careers, such as from over-the-counter services to retail sales. In FY2020, 36 new trainees changed careers after this training and were placed in new workplaces, expanding their fields of activity. In addition, we provide a variety of skill improvement training programs to strengthen our problem-solving capabilities for the advancement of solution sales. There is a system of switching courses between general staff and customer service staff, in order to meet the career vision of each individual.
Business Strategy for Value Creation
Next Generation Leader Development
In order to develop human resources for management positions and top management prospects, we conduct training with external experts and implement next-generation leader development programs on themes such as organizational management, leadership, and strategic planning skills.
Training by job classification
The Bank of Yokohama provides career design training as well as a variety of other training programs
based on job function and rank in order to give employees the opportunity to think about their future career development. In March 2021, we opened the Hamagin Learning Center, a training facility for bank employees, in the same building as the Kawasaki Branch of the Bank of Yokohama. In addition to the installation of
web conferencing systems in all training rooms, the cafeteria and lodging spaces are used to enhance the effectiveness of training by deepening interaction among bank employees. We are also working to raise the level of human resources throughout the Group through joint use with Higashi-Nippon Bank. Higashi-Nippon Bank conducts training by course and rank to strengthen sales skills and management capabilities, and is also enhancing customer protection and compliance training.
Career Consultation Desk
Hamagin Learning Center
 Increase enterprise valuestrong organization
 Improving each individual's job satisfaction engagement
 Trust and appreciation from customers
  Improvement of skills, knowledge and optimal consulting
Personnel development
Human Resources System, Training and Development, Challenge Opportunities
Improving job satisfaction and motivation
  A safe place to work
Efficient work style and health management
 Diversity & Inclusion
Respect for human rights and an organization in which diverse human resources can play an active role
We have established a Career Consultation Desk to promote and support the autonomous career development of our employees. We provide consultation on career development and career paths for employees.
Opportunities in specialized areas
Professional Human Resources System
The Bank of Yokohama has been operating a Professional Human Resources System with a high level of expertise since FY2019. As human resources with diverse senses of values and career perspectives increase, we are preparing career paths and a compensation system that enables employees to play an active role as professionals in their field of expertise by utilizing their strengths, and preparing the foundation for strengthening and developing specialized human resources. Also, the compensation system will provide more incentive to contribute to the Company’s results than a normal compensation system. The level of compensation will be determined individually based on factors such as the level of expertise and performance, which may result in compensation at the executive or general manager level. We are also actively recruiting mid-career professionals from outside the company. In FY2020, we hired 13 people with a high level of expertise in the digital and ICT fields.
 Professional Personnel Certification Requirements
Mid-career specialist staff recruiting results
15 people
13 people
6 people
2 people 2 people
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
Main hiring fields
Digitization
ICT
International & markets Investment banking Corporate and M&A
Audit and risk management1. Advanced specialized expertise
Persons with expertise and skills in the business areas designated by the bank and the ability to perform their duties (and demonstrate results)
2. Mindset
Persons who understand the bank’s management policy, the intent of the business strategy, the numbers, etc., and who have the will to fulfill the required role (mission)
3. Self-starter and developer of human resources (succession)
Persons who strive to improve their skills and expertise
on their own initiative and through continuous self- improvement, who serve as a role model for employees, and who work to guide and train their successorsFY 2019
FY20201 person 2 persons 4 persons 3 persons –
2 persons
4 persons 3 persons –
–
2 persons 1 person
         Strengthening recruitment of newly graduated specialists
 55
56
The Bank of Yokohama has newly established the Digital ICT Course and the Data Science Course, which will enable employees to start their careers in the Digital Strategy Division and the ICT Promotion Division of the Head Office, rather than being limited to assignments at branches, so that they can make the most of their expertise in digital and IT technologies from FY2021 (joining the Bank in FY2022).
Open recruitment system (dispatch to domestic and foreign companies, overseas MBA acquisition)
In order to motivate employees to develop themselves and provide them with opportunities for proactive career development, we have established an open recruitment system that allows applications from employees of all career stages, from young employees to managers. There are two types of open recruitment: Head Office Trainee and External Dispatch. Head Office Trainee is mainly for departments such as the Market Sales Department, Loan Department, Digital Strategy Department, and Sales Strategy Department “External Dispatch” destinations include Group companies, financial institutions, government organizations, central government organizations, etc. We also provide support for staff to study abroad to obtain an MBA.
 TOPIC Employee Idea Contest
As part of the Bank of Yokohama’s 100th anniversary celebrations, the Bank of Yokohama held the “Hamagin Idea Contest 2020” in order to solicit ideas from employees on new business themes for the next 100 years that transcend the boundaries of banking and to help employees hone their planning and proposal skills and improve their individual skills.
This contest received applications from 115 employees, and four teams made presentations in front of the executives at the final selection round held in March 2021.
Presentation at the Final Selection Round
  Workplace Reform and Promotion of Diversity
Business Strategy for Value Creation
   Concordia Financial Group has established the Group Human Rights Policy and is promoting initiatives to respect the fundamental human rights of customers, employees, and all other stakeholders.
A safe, secure place to work
We are working to expand our systems so that employees can work flexibly and efficiently according to their lifestyles and life stages.
Efficient Work Styles
Use of flextime and staggered work hours
In order to realize a flexible and efficient work style, we have introduced a flextime system and a staggered workday system that allows employees to choose their own starting and ending times according to their own lives and work situations, without being constrained by the concept of “regular hours.” From 2020, we have abolished core hours in the flextime system in order to encourage more diverse work styles.
Introduction of a Work Shift Interval System
We provide an 11-hour rest period (work hour interval) between the end of one workday and the start of the next workday to help employees refresh their minds and bodies, maintain their health, and achieve a good work-life balance.Group Human Rights Policy
We at Concordia Financial Group respect the fundamental human rights of our customers, employees, and all other stakeholders, and aim to be a financial group that is trusted by our customers and indispensable to the community.
1. Respect for international norms
We respect international norms such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
2. Elimination of discrimination
We will not discriminate or violate human rights in any of our corporate activities on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, nationality, origin, social status, beliefs, age, disability, physical characteristics, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other such basis.
3. Fostering a corporate culture
We foster a corporate culture that respects human rights by viewing all human rights issues as our own, encouraging people to see things from the perspective of others.
4. Establishing a comfortable working environment
We are building relationships of equality where officers and employees recognize each other as business partners and can freely express their opinions.
We eliminate all harassment from the workplace.
5. Implementation of fair recruitment
We hire employees through a rigorous and fair selection process based solely on their ability and aptitude.
6. Implementation of human rights awareness training
We engage in a wide range of human rights awareness-raising activities, including anti-discrimination activities, to help each and every employee have a deep and correct knowledge and understanding of human rights, with the aim of resolving all human rights issues.
Under this policy, we are concerned with negative impacts on human rights from corporate activities of our investment and financing partners and our procurement and contracting partners (supply chain), and we strive to improve and enhance our efforts to respect human rights through dialogue and consultation with relevant stakeholders.
Telework System and Satellite Offices
We have introduced a telework system for all employees, and are accelerating the digitization and streamlining of work styles by improving and expanding our infrastructure to allow employees to work flexibly in line with their lifestyles, regardless of time or location.
The Bank of Yokohama formulated the “Hamagin Style” as an initiative to improve productivity and as a countermeasure against infectious diseases, and added mobile work to the existing telework system (telecommuting and satellite office work).
In December 2020 we established “Hamasate” satellite offices at four locations
in the prefecture.
A safe, secure place to work
Hamagin Style ~ Be a SMART banker Getting away from the “paper” and “stamp” culture
Let’s review the department and branch rules! From concern for superiors to concern for the environment
 Let’s telework! Let’s review travel time.In addition, as an initiative based on the Group Human Rights Policy, we conduct educational training for employees on unconscious bias.
Supporting Diverse Human Resources in Their Work
Support for Women in the Workplace
In order to further promote the activities of women employees and to support their career development and continued employment, we are increasing opportunities for employees with time constraints and creating an environment that allows them to work flexibly.
Workplace vaccination for novel coronavirus and introduction of vaccine leave
In order to ensure the health of our employees and provide our customers with peace of mind when using the bank, we have been providing vaccinations for those who wish to receive them since June 2021. In addition, we introduced vaccine leave that can be taken when employees are vaccinated against the novel coronavirus or when they accompany family members being vaccinated.
Support for balancing work with childcare and nursing care
We have established systems (childcare leave, nursing care leave, etc.) that allow all employees, regardless of gender, to participate in childcare and nursing care and to balance work and family life. In 2019, the Bank of Yokohama opened the Hamagin Kids Park (Nishi-ku, Yokohama), an in-house daycare center for employees, to support employees who are raising children to return to work and continue working.
The Bank of Yokohama
FY2019
FY2020  FY2019
FY2020Percentage of female employees Percentage of new female employees Proportion of women executives Percentage of women administrators
(Reference Material) P38 ESG-related data
Hamagin Business Challenged
44.4% 44.6% 43.1% 44.0% 31.4% 32.6% 11.3% 12.6%
Obtained the highest “Eruboshi” rank for companies superior at empowering women in the workplace (Bank of Yokohama)
Percentage of male childcare leave takers Percentage of female childcare leave takers
Proportion of employees taking childcare leave (male and female)
Health management
90.3% 84.8% 101.4% 98.5%
96.7% 92.7%
Obtained “Platinum Kurumin” certification as a company that provides a high level of support for employee child rearing (Bank of Yokohama)
      FY 2019
FY2020
 To support the self-reliance of people with disabilities and contribute to the development of local communities through the realization of an inclusive society, in 2019 we launched Hamagin Business Challenged, a subsidiary of the Bank of Yokohama, to employ people with disabilities. In April
2020, the Company was certified as a special subsidiary under the Act on Employment Promotion, etc. of Persons with Disabilities, and in May 2021 it was certified as a special affiliate of a special subsidiary under the same act. (Hamagin Research Institute, Ltd., Hamagin Finance Corporation, and Hamagin TT Securities Co. were added to the scope of special subsidiaries.)
Promoting understanding of sexual minorities (LGBTQ)
Number of employees
4 persons
15 persons
The Yokohama Bank Health Declaration underlines our efforts to help employees achieve their full potential through initiatives involving health management. We have established a cross-functional “Health Management Promotion Liaison Committee” to promote health management and have taken a variety of initiatives to maintain and promote employee health. These include the establishment of a health management center at our head office, individual interviews with industrial physicians for those working long hours, and complete prohibition of smoking in offices.
We have been recognized as an “Excellent Health Management Company - White 500 -” in the category of large-scale corporations in accordance with the “Superior Corporate Health Management Accreditation System” established by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and the Japan Health Conference (Nippon Kenko Kaigi).
Asset formation support
In order to support systematic asset building by employees and foster in them a sense of participation in management, we have introduced an employee stock ownership system and provide incentives based on the amount accumulated. In October 2020, as part of the Bank of Yokohama’s 100th anniversary celebrations, we increased the amount of incentive grants for the Employee Stock Ownership Plan and raised the maximum amount of contributions eligible for incentive grants.Proportion of employees with disabilities2.27%2.35%57
58