                                                                                                                   1
2
2 Kawasaki Group Mission Statement
3 To Our Stakeholders
5 Our Approach Towards Sustainable Value Creation
7 Seeking to Solve Social Issues and Achieve Sustainable Growth
Kawasaki Group Mission Statement
11 Delivering Value to Society Through Our Evolving Technology 13 Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
15 Performance Highlights
18 Message from the Top Management
In 2007, Kawasaki formulated the Kawasaki Group Mission Statement as a compass directing the activities of the Kawasaki Group. The statement incorporates the social mission that the
23 Regarding the Defects during Manufacturing Process of Series N700 Shinkansen Train Bogie Frames
Group must fulfill in the 21st century, a shared sense of values to increase Kawasaki brand value, the underlying principles of management activities, and guidelines for daily conduct that
25 Leveraging Our Capabilities
27 Aerospace Systems
29 Energy System & Plant Engineering 31 Precision Machinery & Robot
33 Ship & Offshore Structure
35 Rolling Stock
37 Motorcycle & Engine
each and every member of the organization is required to follow.
39 Growing with Society
40 Process for Identifying Materiality
43 Toward Realizing a Low-carbon Society
45 Corporate Governance/Compliance/Risk Management 49 Developing and Utilizing Human Resources
51 Collaboration with Business Partners/Human Rights
52 Social Contribution
• We are the Kawasaki Group, a global technology leader with diverse integrated strengths.
53 Eleven-year Summary
55 Management Discussion & Analysis
59 Consolidated Financial Statements
67 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 97 Executives
99 Corporate Profile/Stock Information
•We pursue originality and innovation
100 Base/Major Subsidiaries Introduction
a whole, local communities and individuals.
3 People The Kawasaki Group’s corporate culture is built on integrity, vitality, organizational strength and mutual respect for people through all levels of the Group. We nurture a global team for a global era.
on the land,
on and under the water
4 Strategy The Kawasaki Group pursues continuous enhancement of profitability and corporate value based on three
Editorial Policy Since 2013, Kawasaki Group has been publishing a single report—the Kawasaki Report—which integrates the previously separate Annual Report and CSR Report for the Group.
Period Scope
This report covers fiscal 2018 (April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018), but some fiscal 2019 content is also included.
Kawasaki Group’s Information Disclosure
The purpose of this report is to update all our various stake- holder groups on the status of our efforts to create value for society and to boost enterprise value, our management policies, our busi- ness environment and strategic responses, and major environmen- tal, social and governance (ESG)-related content. We hope that this information will enable everyone to acquire a deeper understanding of what we do and what we aim to achieve as the Kawasaki Group.
The report covers Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd., its 93 consolidated subsidiaries (41 in Japan and 52 overseas) and 17 equity-method non-consolidated subsidiaries. Some data, however, refer to the parent company alone.
Information on how the Kawasaki Group creates value and achieves sustainable growth
Kawasaki Report 2018
For more information on many of the topics touched upon in this report, please visit our website and follow the appropriate links.
Information for various stakeholders
IR information: https://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/ir/
CSR information: https://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/sustainability/ Environmental information: https://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/
Frequencyof Publication
Annually,ingeneral
Previous number — Issued in August 2017
Following number — Expected to be issued in August 2019
Securities Report (Japanese only)
Business Report (Japanese only)
Corporate Governance Report (Japanese only)
Kawasaki Technical Review
Kawasaki Environmental Report
sustainability/environment/
Guidelines
In preparing the report, the editorial office referred to the Sustainability Reporting Standards issued by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), the International Integrated Reporting Framework issued by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) and the Environmental Reporting Guidelines (2012 Edition) issued by the Ministry of the Environment.
Investors
Corporate info
Products R&D
Sustainability
Environment
Contact us
Please make inquiries through the inquiry form on our website https://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/profile/contact/
Financial information
Non-fifinancial information
and in the air
1. Always look at the bigger picture. Think and act from a long-term, global perspective. 2. Meet difficult challenges head-on. Aim high and never be afraid to try something new.
Publication of detailed information and the latest information
Corporate Website https://global.kawasaki.com/en/
Group Mission
Kawasaki, working as one for the good
of the planet
• We create new value-for a better environment and a brighter future for generations to come.
Kawasaki Value
•We respond to our customers’ requirements •We constantly achieve new heights in technology
The Kawasaki Group Management Principles
1 Trust As an integrated technology leader, the Kawasaki Group is committed to providing high-performance products
and services of superior safety and quality. By doing so, we will win the trust of our customers and the community. 2 Harmonious coexistence The importance of corporate social responsibility (CSR) permeates all aspects of our business. This stance reflects the Kawasaki Group’s corporate ideal of harmonious coexistence with the environment, society as
guiding principles-selectively focusing resources on strategic businesses; emphasizing quality over quantity; and employing prudent risk management.
The Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct
3. Be driven by your aspirations and goals. Work toward success by always dedicating yourself to your tasks. 4. Earn the trust of the community through high ethical standards and the example you set for others.
5. Keep striving for self-improvement. Act on your own initiative as a confident professional. 6. Be a part of Team Kawasaki. Share your pride and sense of fulfillment in a job well done.
                                                To Our Stakeholders
Kawasaki—and by extension, the Kawasaki Group—got its start in the shipbuilding business and, by responding to the needs of the day, has ventured into rolling stock and aircraft businesses and then a wide range of other pursuits, such as energy and environmental engineering, various kinds of industrial equipment, and motorcycles, inevitably becoming a comprehensive heavy industries enterprise. During this time, we have always endeavored to improve enterprise value, developing along with
our stakeholders, shareholders, customers and local communities.
We see our role in society reflected in the Group Mission: “Kawasaki, working as one for the
good of the planet (Enriching lifestyles and helping safeguard the environment: Global Kawa- saki).” It is our goal to provide products and services that meet the diverse requirements of people around the world while keeping in harmony with the global environment. Toward this end, we are on a quest for originality and innovation in technology and seek to
achieve the pinnacle of technological excellence. Through our business activities, we will address social issues, such as the bustling movement of people and transport of things, which parallels rising global environmental risks and greater globalization, as well as insufficient social infrastructure particularly in emerging countries and
an aging society and a consequent shortage of labor. We are also keen to con- tribute to the realization of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) set by the United Nations.
This report—Kawasaki Report 2018—is filled with information on the underlying corporate ideas we have embraced to achieve the Group Mission as well as business strategies, daily activities that ensure
we meet our social responsibilities as a good corporate citizen, and
our relationship with stakeholders. We hope this report enables you to gain a better understanding of what we do as the Kawasaki Group.
Shigeru Murayama Chairman of the Board
Yoshinori Kanehana
Representative Director,
President and Chief Executive Offificer
We will provide social value through our innovative technologies,
so as to push enterprise value higher.
Kawasaki Group’s Value Creation Road
Respond to needs of aging society and shortage of
1897
1925
1964
1972
1979
1969
1991
1998
2007
2015
Provide comfortable movement of people and transportation of goods
labor through automation
Improve social infrastructure
Create clean energy
Launches Cargo-Passenger Ship Iyomaru, Kawasaki Dockyard’s first ship as a
Completes construction of merchant ship Florida Maru,
Delivers Series
0 Shinkansen electric
Unveils Z1 motorcycle.
The BK117 helicopter’s
Develops first Kawasaki-Unimate 2000,
Kawasaki-built shield machines successfully
Opening of Akashi Kaikyo Bridge, for which Kawa-
Kawasaki Green Gas Engine tops world record
Develops low-NOx combustion technology
publicly traded company.
equipped with Hele-Shaw electro-hydraulic steering gear.
train to the Japanese National Railways.
first flight.
the first Japan-made industrial robot.
complete work on the Eurotunnel.
saki oversaw main tower construction.
with 48.5% generating efficiency.
for gas turbines running on 100% hydrogen.
34

                                                                                                       Our Approach Towards Sustainable Value Creation
• Greater movement/ transportation
of people and goods, paralleling globalization
Intellectual capital
Medium-TermBusinessPlan 2016 Basic Direction
Value created and distribution of value to stakeholders
(Billions of yen)
•
Create clean energy
• Heightened environmental risk
Kawasaki-ROIC Management
•
Define scale-down or withdrawal strategies broken down to each Sub-BU and product
Business costs (excluding costs for employees, society, government/administration)
• Emerging countries: Insufficient social infrastructure
• Set our optimal financial indicator, with afocusonROIC,andcreatespecific actionplansforachievement
Create a portfolio focusingon profitability, stability and growth
Salaries, bonuses, etc.
Society 0.9Socialcontributionexpenses
The Kawasaki Group consistently creates new value by drawing on diverse, high-level technological capabilities to contribute to solutions that address social issues around the world.
Global Social Issues
(as of fiscal 2018)
Strategies and Business Vision
(Actual figures in fiscal 2018)
Creating Social Value
• Developed countries: Graying of society, shrinking working population
N•atural capital (non-consolidated) Energy consumption
(crude oil equivalent)
Developing and utilizing
•
Respond to needs of aging society and shortage of labor through automation
Contribute to solutions that address social issues Kawasaki Group Management Resources
Key Output
Financial capital
• Before-tax ROIC
3.9% 6.4%
•
Provide safe and secure, clean, comfortable movement of
• Invested capital: ¥912.7 billion Manufactured capital
Plan
R&D
Design
Procurement
Production
Delivery/sale
After-market services
• ROE
people and transportation of goods by land, sea and air
Global production structure
(non-consolidated) 328,000tons
•Capital investment: ¥82.1billion • Key production sites: in Japan, 18 overseas, 21
• Reduction of CO2 emissions through product-based contributions (non-consolidated) 22,924,000tons
• 120 years of experience and know-how • High-level technological capabilities
• Further progress on Kawasaki-ROIC* Management
• Investments tar- geting medium- to long-term growth
•
Business realignment
across extensive domains •R&Dexpenses:¥45.4billion
Value delivered (net sales) 1,574.2
Human capital
• Plan and execute growth strategies through the strengthening of core competence in each business unit (BU)
Teams of engineers pursuing ultimate quality
•
• Number of employees: 35,805 Society and relationship capital
•
Employees 236.2
Improve social infrastructure, especially in emerging countries
•
Government/administration 11.6
Kawasaki brand
• Relationship of trust built with
•
Create new value through internal company syn- ergies generated by our conglomerate advantage
Income taxes–current
business partners over many years
Value created 33.3
Amount after payments to business partners, employees, society and government/administration
• 161,000 kl
Procured amount of raw materials (steel)
Environmental management activities
Corporate governance
human resources Promoting workstyle reform (K-Win Activities)
Shareholders 10.0
140,000tons
Details on page 11
• CO2 emissions from business activities
Details on page 43
Details on page 45
Details on pages 21 and 49
Company internal, etc. 20.5
Increase in retained earnings during period
Accumulate and circulate management resources
56

In fiscal 2018, management at Kawasaki reconfirmed social issues that require a Group-wide approach and clarified the social value that is derived through business activities. At the same time, management identified Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that the Group should contribute to and set non-financial targets to reach by 2030 for social value created through
Kawasaki-brand products and services, namely, providing safe and secure, clean, comfortable movement of people and transportation of goods by land, sea and air; creating clean energy; improving social infrastructure, especially in emerging countries; and responding to needs of an aging society and shortage of labor through automation. Kawasaki will regularly disclose its progress toward targets while working to maximize social value and achieve sustainable growth, and also contributing to the realization of SDGs.

As a manufacturer of various modes of transportation, including ships, rolling stock, aerospace systems and motorcycles, Kawasaki seeks to respond to the greater movement of people and goods, paralleling
globalization, while reducing risk to the environment.

Contributing to a significant decrease in emis- sions of nitrogen oxide (NOx), sulfur oxide (SOx) and carbon dioxide (CO2) from ships through provision of marine vessels that run on LNG or hydrogen.

We are developing ships that use LNG for fuel to address restrictions on emissions of NOx and SOx from ships to prevent air pollution over the sea. The use of LNG presents a dramatic reduction in SOx compared with emissions released when heavy oil is used as fuel, while CO2 emis- sions are 20 to 30% less. As a result, the use of LNG helps to prevent the worsening of global warming. LNG-fueled ships are a practical alternative now, as we have moved into the commercialization stage. We are also working on the development of ships that will use hydrogen—the ultimate in clean energy—as fuel. Ships powered by hydrogen can operate without emitting any CO2 at all.

Helping to build a better global transportation infrastructure by manufacturing rolling stock that is safe and comfortable to ride in, highly reliable, excellent in terms of lifecycle cost efficiency, and saves energy, to minimize the burden on the environment.

We will promote participation in high-speed train projects at home and abroad and will continue to provide rolling stock to customers in Japan, North America and markets in Asia where we already have a solid presence, while raising our profile in emerging countries in Asia on proj- ects to build new rolling stock infrastructures. In addition, we will look into technology for monitoring trains in oper- ation that incorporates sensing capabilities, image analy- sis and IoT technology, to contribute to the realization of train systems boasting excellent cost efficiency over the entire lifecycle.

Providing air transportation systems combining excellent environmental performance with high safety and reliability.

Through our participation in the development of Boeing 787 and 777X aircraft as well as engines, such as the Trent series for Rolls-Royce plc and Pratt & Whitney’s PW1100G-JM, we will play a part in the steady supply of low fuel consumption aircraft and low fuel consumption engines. We will also focus on production and sale of the BK117 low-noise helicopter. We are keen to participate in joint international develop- ment of new, environmentally conscious aircraft and engines and thereby contribute to a better environment.

Developing, manufacturing and delivering envi- ronmentally friendly motorcycles, as well as models with “fun-to-ride” appeal and advanced rider-support features.

The underlying philosophy that drives product develop- ment at Kawasaki is built on “Fun to Ride,” “Ease of Riding” and “Better Environmental Performance,” and we are working to improve motorcycle performance, enhance rider-support features and respond to tougher standards on exhaust gas, noise and other environment-related regulations. With regard to C-ITS performance, Kawasaki joined the Connected Motorcycle Consortium, established by the motorcycle industry to focus on development, and a concerted effort is being directed toward putting C-ITS-compliant motorcycles on the market as soon as possible.

For electric motorcycles, hybrid motorcycles and other motorcycles powered by clean energy, we are building prototypes with future market potential and running tests to evaluate performance.

Kawasaki seeks to create clean energy by establishing a CO2-free hydrogen energy supply chain designed to reduce environmental risk on a global scale.

Providing equipment, such as hydrogen bases, liquefaction systems, carriers, and hydrogen-fuel gas turbines, and contributing to the development of a hydrogen society as a supplier of liquefied hydrogen transport infrastructure systems and packages.

We are working with partner companies to
develop strategic technology for a hydrogen
energy supply chain. It is a journey that begins
with hydrogen production and liquefaction (manufacturing) from Australian brown coal—an unused resource—and renewable energy, then moves to loading and unloading liquefied hydrogen at land depots and between ships and transporting the liquid in large quantities by sea (trans- port), stockpiling liquefied hydrogen (storage) and finally applying hydrogen in gas turbine power generation (use) perfectly optimized to the characteristics of this fuel.

The application of carbon dioxide capture and storage—a process for capturing CO2 generated when hydrogen is produced from fossil fuel—makes it possible to use hydro- gen as a clean energy source that minimizes the output of CO2 through all stages of the supply chain.

The hydrogen chain that Kawasaki and its partners seek to build will, if realized, do more than just ensure access to a stable form of clean energy in large quantities. It has the potential to greatly reduce CO2 emissions.

We will address issues related to an aging society and labor shortage, particularly evident in developed countries, through the use of robot technologies.

In developed countries where the aging of society is increasingly noticeable, making it easier for peo- ple to access high-quality medical care through the development of medical robots, and using robot technology to support prescription drug production, nursing and medical care and everyone in the field of healthcare who develops therapies and treatments that reduce the physical burden on patients.

Developing and manufac- turing robots that collabo- rate with humans in work operations and making them intelligent enough to create solutions to the labor shortages that are particularly evident in developed countries.

We positioned medical robots as a business that will sup- port an aging society, established Medicaroid Corpora- tion—a joint venture with Sysmex Corporation—and are now engaged in development of Robotically Assisted Sur- gical Device and applied robots using industrial robot technology with the goal of creating new businesses. We also seek to promote collaboration with humans in work operations, with an emphasis on duAro—our dual-armed SCARA robot—and cultivate demand for greater automa- tion at manufacturing sites.

We will help reduce environmental risk and lay a foundation for better social infrastructures, especially in emerging countries, by providing industrial-use gas turbines, waste incinerators, hydraulic machinery and systems, and other products.

Setting global standards for construction machinery, agricultural machinery and hydraulic machinery as well as systems for industrial vehicles with Kawasaki quality, and contributing to social infrastructure development through stable production and supply.

Combining new technologies, such as ICT, IoT and AI, with Kawasaki’s own robot technology and hydraulic control technology to create new value. Vigorously supporting development of new-generation construction machinery that is friendly not only for the global environment but also for human well-being, and helping to build better social infrastructures, especially in emerging countries.

Promoting development and sale of energy-saving products, hydrogen-oriented products and renewable energy-oriented products that will ensure a future for the global environment.

We are increasing production capacity around the world in order to meet expanding global demand for excavators. We are working on R&D for next-generation hydraulic systems such as ICT-linked, automated and unmanned equipment, and we are also starting development and sale of strategic products in the pursuit of full-scale entry into agricultural machinery and industrial vehicle sectors. In addition, our high-pressure hydrogen regulator was adopted by a Euro- pean automaker and we commenced operations for primary mass-production, with plans for secondary mass-production currently under development. Also of note, total sales of Eco-Servo, an energy-saving and low-noise hydraulic hybrid system, have reached 4,000 units, and we are working on a compact electro-hydraulic actuator for humanoid robots as well.

Contributing to protect the global environment through technology and quality based on high product development capabilities including manu- facturing technology and engineering capabilities, especially in the field of energy and
plant engineering. Providing products
and services that improve customer
satisfaction to global customers, as a distinguished equipment/system/plant manufacturer.

We aim to secure a balance between economic growth and environmental protection by providing energy-saving and highly resource-efficient equipment, such as gas turbines which supply the world’s highest level of efficiency and environmental performance, and gas engines which supply the world’s highest level of performance. To achieve the objective, we seek to combine existing equipment, incorpo- rate in-house know-how, reinforce our ability to respond to overseas projects and create new solutions. In addition to our contribution to infrastructure projects through pro- viding tunnel boring machines and cryogenic storage facili- ties, we will also contribute to environmental protection in urban areas through deliveries of energy-saving waste incinerators, water treatment facilities, desulfurization/ denitrification devices and other systems.

              Port Liner
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    11
12
Delive2
Next-generation jet engines
More Electric Aircraft (MEA)
Lateral expansion of high-level technologies specific to each business division throughout the Kawasaki Group, guided by the Corporate Technology Division
Operating divisions and
the Corporate Technology Division form project teams to develop new products and new businesses demonstrating overall optimization
of various technologies
Electricity receiving
Matrix-based operation
Corporate
Electricity receiving
Ship operation and performance analysis support system
Hydrogen supply chain
Autonomous underwater vehicles
Energy equipment for the supply-and-demand adjustment market
CO2 separation system
Remote track monitoring service
Enhanced Points for Creating New Value
• Better services
• System integration
In Pursuit of New Businesses
• Optimized development processes
Topics: Demonstration Project for Hydrogen Co-Generation System (in Kobe, Japan)
Technology Division
Also of note, Kawasaki and Obayashi Corporation commenced demonstration of a system—the world’s first—to deliver heat and electricity in an urban area using a gas turbine fueled by pure hydrogen. As part of a project by the New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization, we conducted tests using a power genera- tion system with a 1-MW-class gas turbine fueled by hydrogen and natural gas flexibly (hydrogen co-generation system). In these tests, the system supplied four neighboring public facilities with heat and electricity. Our efforts will be directed toward the verification of an optimized energy management system within local communities.
Hydrogen CGS* Energy Center
Kobe City Medical Center General Hospital
Respond to needs of aging society and shortage of labor through automation
gas turbine
New-type high-speed rolling stock for Asian market
Port Island in Kobe city
Test site
Port Island Sports Center
Kobe International Exhibition Hall
Sewage treatment facility
Heat supply
Electricity supply ( *CGS: Co-Generation System
Electric power company’s grid)
Heat/electricity receiving
                             13
14
Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
(As of June 27, 2018)
Middle row from the left
Outside Director
Director,
Managing Executive Officer Yasuhiko Hashimoto
Director,
Managing Executive Officer Katsuya Yamamoto
Director,
Managing Executive Officer Kazuo Ota
Middle row from the left
Director,
Managing Executive Officer Tatsuya Watanabe
Director,
Managing Executive Officer Sukeyuki Namiki
Outside Director Outside Director
Yoshiaki Tamura
Michio Yoneda Jenifer Rogers
Front row from the left
Representative Director,
Vice President and Senior Executive Officer Kenji Tomida
Chairman of the Board
Front row from the left
Representative Director,
President and Chief Executive Officer Yoshinori Kanehana
Representative Director,
Vice President and Senior Executive Officer Munenori Ishikawa
Back row from the left
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member Satoru Kohdera
Audit & Supervisory Board Member Akio Nekoshima
Back row from the left
Audit & Supervisory Board Member Katsuyoshi Fukuma
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member Takashi Torizumi
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member Atsuko Ishii
Shigeru Murayama

                                                                             15
16
Performance Highlights
(%)
Shareholders’ equity
(%)
Net sales 95.9 Operating income
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Free cash flows
CO2 emissions from business activities (non-consolidated)
ESG-Related External Evaluations
(Billions of yen)
87.2 1,574.2 1,486.1 1,541.0 1,518.8
325 321
328
The Dow Jones Sustainability Index is a leading Sustainability Investing (SI) index which assesses and selects leading sustainability-driven companies in terms of economic, environmental, and social criteria.
72.3
(Billions of yen)
318
1,385.4
127.6
263
2014 2015 2016 2017
2018 (FY)
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018 (FY)
2014
2015 2016 2017
2018 (FY)
Before-tax ROIC (Return on invested capital)
Net interest-bearing debt
Net debt equity ratio
Reduction of CO2 emissions through product-based contributions (non-consolidated)*1
22,924*2 898
8.1%
10.4%
(Billions of yen)
2014 2015 2016 2017
2018 (FY)
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018 (FY)
2014
2015 2016 2017
2018 (FY)
The Morningstar Socially Responsible Investment Index is the first index in Japan of socially responsible investment stock. The stock prices of socially responsible companies selected from all those listed in Japan by Morningstar Japan K.K. are converted into an index.
9.4%
(103t-CO2)
Before-tax ROIC = EBIT (Income before income taxes + interest expense) / Invested capital (Interest-bearing debt + Shareholders’ equity)
Net debt equity ratio = Net interest-bearing debt (Interest-bearing debt - Cash on hand and in banks) / Shareholders’ equity
*1 Estimates based on actual delivery record
*2 The calculation rule has been revised for fiscal 2018. For details,
Capital expenditures
Net income per share* Dividends per share*
ROE (Return on equity)
Number of employees
Research and development expenses
Overseas Group companies (People)
Japan
(Billions of yen)
(Yen) 12.9% 11.0%
(%)
35,805
The Certified Health & Productivity Manage- ment Organization Recognition Program identifies large corporations, small and medium-sized companies and other organi- zations that engage in outstanding health and productivity management practices, based on initiatives to address health- related issues in regional communities and to promote health-conscious activities pro- moted by the Nippon Kenko Kaigi.
87.7
82.1
10.6%
34,620
35,471
34,605
35,127
2014
2015
2016 2017
2018 (FY)
2014 2015 2016
2017
2018 (FY)
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018 (FY)
The Eruboshi system is based on the Act
on Promotion of Women’s Participation and Advancement in the Workplace. Of compa- nies that draw up and submit general employer action plans under the Act, only those subsequently judged to meet certain standards and provide excellent conditions to encourage women to be more active in the workplace are eligible for certification by the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare under the Eruboshi system.
40.3
41.6
43.6 43.6
230.9
Share of net sales by segment*
Share of net sales by region
Distribution of companies/employees by region
Motorcycle & Engine ¥331.6 billion
Japan 42% ¥668.3 billion
The Americas 10% 14 companies/ 3,557 employees
Rolling Stock ¥141.7 billion
Energy System & Plant Engineering ¥251.6 billion
Europe 2%
9 companies/ 704 employees
The Kurumin Mark is a certification logo pre- sented by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare to companies that have achieved targets stated in the business action plans formulated by each company in accordance with the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Genera- tion Children and have met certain criteria. The logo indicates such companies are child- care-supportive employers.
Ship & Offshore Structure ¥95.6 billion
Precision Machinery & Robot ¥198.9 billion
The Americas 30% ¥472.5 billion
Europe 11% ¥172.2 billion
Japan 75%
42 companies/ 26,747 employees
80.0
82.7
76.3
9,452
8,708
8,779
9,058
Other ¥85.0 billion Aerospace Systems ¥469.5 billion
Asia, Oceania, etc. 17% ¥261.0 billion
Asia, Oceania, etc. 13%
29 companies/4,797 employees
45.9
11.8
28.6
5.0%
3.9%
431.9
431.3
437.2
466.0
741 745 513
THE INCLUSION OF Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. IN ANY MSCI INDEX, AND THE USE OF MSCI LOGOS, TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS OR IND EX NAMES HERIN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE A SPONSORSHIP, ENDORSEMENT OR PROMOTION OF Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. BY MSCI OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES. THE MSCI INDEXES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF MSCI. MSCI AND THE MSCI INDEX NAMES AND LOGOS ARE TRADEMARKS OR SERVICE MARKS OF MSCI OR ITS AFFILIATES.
55.9
74.1
86.0
93.5
56.0
45.4
275.6
6.0%
*In April 2018, the former Aerospace Company and the jet engine business of the former Gas Turbine & Machinery Company were integrated into the newly established Aerospace Systems Company. The former Plant & Infrastructure Company and the energy and marine-related businesses of the former Gas Turbine & Machinery Company were integrated into the newly established Energy System & Plant Engineering Company. In addition, the former Precision Machinery Company was renamed to the Precision Machinery & Robot Company.
151.7
(77.5)
(67.3)
(74.1)
(64.8)
(80.5)
109.3%
MSCI ESG Leaders Indexes include companies with high ESG ratings relative to their sector peers.
396.6 363.0 362.7
356.2
345.3
60
60
308.9
6.4%
60.2
83.9%
82.5%
78.9%
80.6%
100 120
60
Return on equity = Profit attributable to owners of the parent / Shareholders’ equity *Effective as of October 1, 2017, a one-for-10 share consolidation was implemented for ordinary shares. The annual dividend per share for fiscal 2018 would be ¥6, in
the event a share consolidation is not considered.
156.8
173.0
25,531
26,019
25,897
26,348
26,747
376.0
(24.5)
Created by the global index provider FTSE Russell (the trading name of FTSE Interna- tional Limited and Frank Russell Company), the FTSE4Good Index Series is designed to measure the performance of companies demonstrating strong Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) practices. The FTSE- 4Good indices are used by a wide variety of market participants to create and assess responsible investment funds and other products.
(103t-CO2)
please see page 43.
9,089

               17
18
Yoshinori Kanehana
Representative Director,
President and Chief Executive Officer
2016
2017 2018
2019 (FY) (Target)
Message from the Top Management
Let me take this opportunity to extend our deepest apologies to stakeholders for the considerable inconve- nience and worry that arose due to manufacturing defects in Kawasaki-built Shinkansen (bullet train) bogie frames.
Manufacturing Defects in Shinkansen Bogie Frames First of all, in regard to the manufacturing defects in the series N700 Shinkansen bogie frames, I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate our deepest apologies for the considerable incon- venience and worry that this incident caused. So that such defects do not occur again, we spent the past six months, since April 2018, in a concerted effort, hinging on the Companywide Quality Con- trol Committee, which benefits from the exchange of opinions with outside experts, to uncover the root cause of the defects and explore corrective measures that will prevent recurrence. The results of the committee’s investigation and subsequent discussions were announced on September 28, 2018*, and going forward, we will carefully apply corrective measures at all stages of production to recover stakeholder confidence and fulfill at a higher level our social responsibility as a manu- facturing company. In these efforts, we ask for the support and understanding of our stakehold- ers. (Details on our initiatives are provided on pages 23-24 of this report.)
Looking Back on Fiscal 2018
*URL: https://global.kawasaki.com/news_C3180928-1.pdf
We announced a performance forecast in April 2018, highlighting net sales of ¥1,650.0 billion, operating income of ¥75.0 billion and before-tax ROIC of 8.0%. But a review at the halfway point, based on potentially huge losses in the Rolling Stock segment and the unavoidable booking of losses on the engine business in the Aerospace Systems segment, led management to downgrade performance expectations. We now expect net sales of ¥1,645.0 billion, operating income of ¥66.0 billion and before-tax ROIC of 5.9%.
Net sales Operating income
(Billions of Yen)
95.9
1,541.0
1,518.8
1,574.2
1,645.0
Before-tax ROIC
2016
2017 2018
2019 (FY) (Target)
Loss on Major Project and Thorough Efforts to Prevent Recurrence
Key reasons for not reaching our initial targets in fiscal 2018 were the booking of an extraordinary loss of ¥12.8 billion in the Ship & Offshore Struc- ture segment, as a sluggish natural resource development market led to the termination of a contract agreement to build an offshore service vessel for a customer in Norway, and the booking of provision for losses of ¥21.8 billion in the Roll- ing Stock segment over two years, because of worsening profitability on a local train contract for
9.4%
5.0%
5.9% 3.9%
45.9
Before-tax ROIC = EBIT (Income before income taxes + Interest expense) / Invested capital at year-end (Interest-bearing debt + Shareholders’ equity)
66.0 55.9
In fiscal 2018, we posted net sales of ¥1,574.2 billion, operating income of ¥55.9 billion and before-tax ROIC of 3.9%. Of note, operating income was up ¥9.9 billion year on year, despite a drop in profitability on commercial aircraft components in the Aerospace segment and the booking of provi- sion for losses on construction contracts—specifi- cally, a rolling stock project for a North American customer—in the Rolling Stock segment. It was good results from the Motorcycle & Engine and Precision Machinery segments that pushed sales and income higher. Even with the solid improve- ment in operating income, profit attributable to owners of the parent rose only ¥2.7 billion year on year, to ¥28.9 billion, held back from a larger increase due to the booking of an extraordinary loss in the Ship & Offshore Structure segment, incurred from the termination of a contract agree- ment to build an offshore service vessel for a customer in Norway.
Forecast for Fiscal 2019

                the Long Island Rail Road in North America. And in fiscal 2019, the Aerospace Systems segment will be impacted by a provision of ¥9.7 billion to cover Kawasaki’s portion of costs in the event of engine failure.
Restructuring Committee with myself as chairman to achieve drastic reinforcement in project man- agement. This committee is also looking into poli- cies that will enhance segment responsiveness to changes in market structure as well as improve- ments in the organizational structure. The goal is to announce final decisions by the end of the cur- rent fiscal year and then shift into implementation.
Given this forecast, we find no reason to revise the picture we see for the Kawasaki Group in 2025, as described in MTBP 2016, which targets net sales of ¥2,400.0 billion, an operating income margin exceeding 9% and before-tax ROIC of at least 14%. We will forge ahead with the strategies laid out in MTBP 2016 toward realization of the corporation we seek to be by 2025.
set at regular intervals with follow-up efforts designed to reach the stated hurdle rate. If the business unit finds it too difficult to meet its goals, we will consider scaling down the size of opera- tions or withdraw completely. We will not be soft on a troubled business unit but rather encourage management with a sense of urgency.
To prevent huge project losses and to ensure seamless risk management through all stages of
a project, from before order acceptance through contract execution to delivery, we established the Project Risk Management Committee last year.
I chair this committee, which meets monthly to bring together corporate knowledge on projects with the potential to significantly impact opera- tions and provide a venue for identifying risk, exploring responses and rolling out initiatives throughout the Group. In the Ship & Offshore Structure segment, we focused our attention on business restructuring, and our efforts showed positive results, including a return to profitability in this segment in the second half of fiscal 2018. Currently, we have before-tax ROIC of 8% in sight for fiscal 2021. The Rolling Stock segment has also struggled, with results continuing to deterio- rate for a consecutive fiscal year. We take this situation very seriously, substantiated by the establishment of the Rolling Stock Business
Businesses that Drive Growth
value.
Management with Cash Flow Emphasis
Desired Corporate Status Through MTBP 2016
Deepening Kawasaki-ROIC Management
Insufficient social infrastructure and rising envi- ronmental risks in emerging countries, the graying of society and an ensuing labor shortage in devel- oped countries, increasingly active movement of people paralleling globalization—social issues such as these are becoming more serious and more prevalent worldwide. Against this backdrop, we have tapped four product and service categories from among all Kawasaki Group operations as drivers of growth: commercial aircraft and jet engines, energy, rolling stock for overseas markets, and robots. We will prioritize the allocation of resources into business activities related to these four categories, with the scale of business likely expanding from the current level of around ¥500.0 billion to somewhere near ¥1.2 trillion by 2025.
Our targets for fiscal 2019, as described in MTBP 2016, are net sales of ¥1,740.0 billion, operating income of ¥100.0 billion and before-tax ROIC of 11.0%. But we are two years behind schedule, an unavoidable consequence of a delay in projects that were expected to contribute to business results sooner and the appearance of losses I mentioned earlier. Nevertheless, we believe qualitative busi- ness strategies are on track and no changes to the strategic blueprint are necessary. In addition, we anticipate higher net sales on a Group-wide basis from fiscal 2022 onward as well as a drastic improvement in profitability, paralleling increases in commercial aircraft components and after-sale services on jet engines in the Aerospace Systems segment.
Across the Kawasaki Group, efforts to improve enterprise value are a top priority, and Kawasaki- ROIC Management is an integral part of this pro- cess. To raise enterprise value, we must ensure profitability exceeds capital costs. For the Group, the hurdle rate is before-tax ROIC of 8%.
By deepening Kawasaki-ROIC Management, we will achieve
All Employees Involved in Efforts to Boost Enterprise Value
Employees throughout the Kawasaki Group are totally behind the effort to boost enterprise value and are fully engaged in the process in their own workplaces. We have set KPI having a favorable impact on enterprise value, based on the charac- teristics that define each business, so that employ- ees throughout the Group are better able to grasp the “what” and “how” to contribute to higher enterprise value and thereby effectively and effi- ciently boost ROIC in the course of daily opera- tions. Follow-up work is undertaken as necessary.
Commercial aircraft and jet engines By 2036, demand for commercial aircraft could be as high as 47,000 units on a global basis, which is double what it is today. Our commercial aircraft business as well as our jet engine business should benefit significantly from this demand situation. In the commercial aircraft business, we are involved in the development and production of the Boeing 777X, the U.S. company’s most advanced aircraft, and as planned, we shipped out components for the first 777X in February 2018. In the jet engine business, we supply core components for the lat- est jet engines made by Rolls-Royce in the United Kingdom and Pratt & Whitney in the United States. Although these jet engine components require up-front investment, future parts and maintenance demand should generate sizable profits.
at minimum our hurdle rate of 8% before-tax ROIC from fiscal
2020 and ensure thorough hurdle rate management for
all business units, which will lead to higher enterprise
Unfortunately, before-tax ROIC is expected to fall below the hurdle rate for three consecutive years, since fiscal 2017. On an accounting basis, we are in the black, but from a Kawasaki-ROIC Management perspective, failure to achieve the hurdle rate is like being in the red. In fiscal 2020, all employees will work as a single team, focusing on the approaches outlined over the next few pages to achieve at the very minimum a before-tax ROIC of 8%, which is our hurdle rate.
Paralleling the approaches described above, we have made operating cash flow an issue of partic- ular importance and maintain specific measures to enhance the efficiency of working capital, including better payment terms and asset reduction through shorter duration/stages up to delivery of products.
Also, with the integration of the aircraft and jet engine businesses, we will strive to identify new business opportunities through tie-ups and reinforce the business structure.
Thorough Hurdle Rate Management and Strategy for Possible Scale-Down/Withdrawal
Within the Group, there are 28 business units, and before-tax ROIC is calculated for each one to track business status. For any business unit that fails to achieve its hurdle rate, intermediate goals will be
Energy In the energy business, we integrated our energy-related businesses into the newly created Energy System & Plant Engineering Company to accelerate our response to expanding energy demand overseas, especially in Asia. We will maxi- mize the advantages afforded by restructuring to
20

               21
*CCPP: Combined Cycle Power Plant (original power plant fea- turing all Kawasaki-built com- ponents with a basic configura- tion of two L30A gas turbines, two waste heat recovery boilers and one steam turbine)
hone our ability to sell solutions that incorporate facilities and systems, such as an emphasis on 100MW-class CCPP* in Southeast Asia, and also to improve EPC** capabilities and expand our overseas presence. The scale of our energy busi- ness currently hovers around ¥100.0 billion, but we expect it to triple more or less, to ¥300.0 billion, by 2025.
low-carbon society through our businesses and to deal with CSR issues, such as governance, human resources development, human rights, compliance and supply chain management. We narrowed these issues down even further, pinpointing four—1) providing safe and secure, clean, comfortable movement of people and transportation of goods by land, sea and air, 2) creating clean energy, 3) improving social infrastructure, especially in emerging countries, and 4) responding to needs
Jenifer Rogers—to the team. Already, the majority of our audit & supervisory board members are from outside the Company, and outside directors comprise 25% of the director total. This reinforces governance at Kawasaki. We also keep an open channel to capital markets and actively encourage constructive dialogues with a purpose—engage- ment—that involve shareholders and companies to build higher enterprise value together.
“Changing forward”
**EPC: Engineering, procurement and construction
The Kawasaki Group traces its roots back to 1878, when Shozo Kawasaki established Kawasaki Tsukiji Shipyard. The Group has grown, of course, since then and has utilized diverse, high-level technological capabilities to create uniquely innovative products and services that address all sorts of social issues.
Robots The robot business has grown consider- ably in the last few years, reflecting progress
in technology that promotes collaboration with humans in working operations as well as simpli- fied instruction during installation. Also, looking to address a shortage of expert engineers, we developed Successor, a robot system with the potential to convey skills to as-yet-untrained technicians. In other robotic pursuits, we have ventured into the market for medical robots. The market scale for medical robots could reach ¥1.5 trillion by 2020. Our involvement in this corner of the robotics world is through Medicaroid Corporation, a joint venture with Sysmex Corpo- ration, which launched Vercia, a robot operating table for hybrid operating rooms. Medicaroid Corporation is also working toward the fiscal 2020 debut of Robotically Assisted Surgical Device, and development of this robot is moving steadily along.
of an aging society and shortage of labor through automation— that derive value to society from our business activities. We defined these four issues as top priorities to be achieved over the long term. We also set new non-financial targets and will track progress. In addition, we see a connection between business and SDGs, and we have clarified goals and targets that we should contribute to as the Kawasaki Group. By increasing our value to society through business activities underpinned by the pursuit of Group synergies and innovation, we will contribute to the achievement of SDGs.
Thoughts on Return to Shareholders
In recent years, the world has undergone incredible changes, and the speed of change is accelerating. In addition, a wave of innovation is building with full-scale use of information and communication technology (ICT) and the Internet of Things (IoT) as well as artificial intelligence (AI), which has the potential to significantly alter the way we do business and the content thereof. The atmosphere is charged with a critical feeling in this regard, and I believe we ourselves must evolve if we are to respond quickly to the new environment. Toward this end, in October 2017, we embraced a forward-looking perspective on change within the Group under the banner, “Changing forward.” I will personally lead the way in this challenge and apply this banner as a motto in management of the Com- pany and the Group.
Strengthening Technology and Promoting Synergies
The foundation of medium- to long-term growth is, without a doubt, technological capabilities. So what we want to do is develop products and ser- vices not easily copied by any other corporate group and build a high barrier to entry by rival companies. In addition, by combining the many world-class technologies in our corporate toolbox, particularly those under the oversight of the Cor- porate Technology Division, and demonstrating synergies derived from combinations of these technologies, we will create even more innovative products and services.
a daily basis, and contribute to higher productivity in their respective workplace and, by extension, the Group. Toward this end, we have introduced K-Win (Kawasaki Workstyle Innovation) Activities throughout the Group to encourage new approaches to work.
The Kawasaki Group will tackle challenges without
ESG Initiatives
Given the changing business environment and diversifying expectations and requests from stake- holders, in fiscal 2018, we identified material issues—materiality—based on fulfillment of CSR by the Kawasaki Group. We also undertook a review of the CSR activity matrix and decided to reinforce initiatives to address social issues and realize a
Corporate Governance and Engagement
Promoting Workstyle Reform
The Kawasaki Group adheres to a basic manage- ment policy that emphasizes efforts to improve enterprise value, that is, consistently generating income exceeding capital costs from a future-ori- ented perspective. Return to shareholders is a key management priority that we realize by constantly investing in the leading-edge R&D and innovative facilities needed to drive growth and by raising shareholder value over the long term. In addition, we seek to strike a good balance between raising enterprise value and delivering returns to share- holders through the distribution of dividends. To do so, we take a comprehensive view of financial status, including performance forecasts as well as free cash flow and the debt-equity ratio, and we have set a benchmark of 30% for the consolidated payout ratio.
For the Kawasaki Group to post stable profits over the long term, grow as a corporate group, and enhance enterprise value, it is vital that employ- ees are able to demonstrate their capabilities, underpinned by a rich sense of awareness culti- vated through a life that promotes fulfillment on
As always, we will strive to realize our Group Mission “Kawasaki, working as one for the good of the planet” and continue to create value for all stakeholders.
These activities tie into evolving corporate cul- ture, business restructuring and support by corpo- rate systems and are intended to limit long work- ing hours while raising productivity and fostering a good work-life balance. In fiscal 2019, we will set the stage for promoting activities and intro- duce a remote work (work from home) program. We will also run workstyle seminars and programs to enhance operating efficiency for employees.
being afraid of changes under the banner, “Changing forward”
We constantly review the corporate governance system, as it applies to the Kawasaki Group, based on the gist of the Corporate Governance Code and the Stewardship Code. Recently, with approval at the General Meeting of Shareholders, we welcomed two new outside directors—Yoshiaki Tamura and
to help solve social issues on a global scale and create new
value for society.

            Review of the work processes
Strengthening cooperation between departments Reshuffling education curriculum
                                           23
24
Regarding the Defects during Manufacturing Process of Series N700 Shinkansen Train Bogie Frames
*1 Crack: A flaw or fissure that has developed further and become larger as a result of fatigue.
We announced that on the basis of results from the Committee regarding the examination of the action/judgments that led to the manufacturing defects and their root causes, the Quality Control Committee of the Rolling Stock Company developed the corrective measures, and the Committee exam- ined the appropriateness of such measures on September 28, 2018. (see our website: https:// global.kawasaki.com/news_C3180928-1.pdf)
*2 Deposit welding: A common procedure used to compensate for grinding off and repair dimensional adjustment.
When the primary spring seats were attached, the bottom plate of the side frame was not even and was ground off to adjust the gap between the side frame and the pri- mary spring seat to 0.5mm or less.
*3 Welding bead: A bulge of welded metal created as a result of fusing a welding rod, etc., at the welding section and building it up.
Gaps between the side frame and the primary spring seat
Welding bead*3
Investigate in detail the actual situation regarding the quality man- agement system
Chairperson: President
Investigate the root causes of the defects during manufacturing process of series N700 Shinkansen bogie frames. Develop corrective measures
Background to and Purpose in Establishing Companywide Quality Control Committee
The actions/judgments that led to the manufacturing defects and their root causes, the corrective measures for preventing recurrence (Overview)
With reference to the crack*1 (structural failure)
of the bogie (or truck) frame (hereinafter referred to as the “Failed Bogie Frame”), manufactured in February 2007 at Kawasaki’s Rolling Stock Com- pany, Hyogo Works, of the series N700 Shinkansen train that occurred at Nagoya Station on December 11, 2017, two defects during the manufacturing process were discovered during our investigation: a) grinding off of the bottom plate of the side frames, and b) provability that the residual stress was not relieved by annealing or some other pro- cess after the entire bottom surface of the primary spring seat was treated with deposit welding*2.
causes and examine corrective measures to prevent recurrence. The details of the investigation and examination by the Committee are as follows:
The result of the investigation conducted by the Committee revealed that the actions and judgments that caused the defects and the root causes which led to those actions and judgments, were: vulnerabil- ities in the quality control and management owing to excess reliance on the manufacturing lines when the manufacturing process of series N700 Shinkansen train began in 2007; and insufficient risk manage- ment to prevent defects when a supplier for the pressing of the side frames was changed in 2006.
points in designs that are critical for ensuring quality of products, thoroughly introduce the KPS*4, which will facilitate to reveal issues by standardizing and visualizing the manufacturing process, and review work processes.
We established the Companywide Quality Control Committee (hereinafter referred to as the “Commit- tee”, Chairperson: Professor Takeshi Nakajyo of the Department of Industrial and System Engineering, Chuo University) in April 2018 as an internal committee to investigate and identify the root
In addition, an investigation team was estab- lished as an organization under the Committee to investigate in detail the actual situation regarding the quality management system and report the investi- gation results to the Committee. Having received the results of the examination by the Committee, the President presented the corrective measures for pre- venting recurrence to the Board of Directors, which endorsed such corrective measures in the Rolling Stock Company. The implementation status will be regularly monitored at the Management Committee, and will be supervised by the Board of Directors.
(1) In order to remove excessive reliance on the manufacturing lines and the technicians therein, we will develop a system whereby the related departments can share information on the key
(4) We will review the internal education and train- ing curriculum including quality, safety, and so on, and enhance the contents of the curriculum.
Bogie side frame of rolling stock
Correlation between the actions/judgments that led to the manufacturing defects and their root causes, and the corrective measures for preventing recurrence
Side frames are key parts which support the train carbody.
Actions/judgments (root causes)
Corrective measures for preventing recurrence
Primary spring seat
Four primary spring seats are welded onto a side frame, and there are a total of eight primary spring seats when a bogie frame is fabricated.
Establish
Report
D: Management of manufacturing shop (January 2007)
*4
KPS (Kawasaki Production System): A set of production control techniques that are unique to Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. The aim of
the KPS is to establish the standardized work practices in order to achieve the same quality constantly whoever does the work; and shop rules to adhere to the standardized work practices.
Cross-section image of a side frame where a primary spring seat is attached
Report
Develop corrective measures
Examine and review the corrective measures
Trace of deposit welding on the entire surface of the primary spring seat
Side frames
President
[When the manufacturing started]
Area of adjustment
(1) Root causes of the defects during manufacturing process
(2) In order to prevent manufacturing defects, in addition to reviewing work processes, we will thoroughly control in design, manufacturing, and other processes, identify any potential issue that might occur, and tighten the risk management.
(2) Appropriateness of corrective measures devel- oped by the Quality Control Committee of the Rolling Stock Company with regard to the above root causes.
(3) Results of comprehensive audits of the entire quality management system in all business units. (currently underway as of September 2018)
At this juncture, we take the investigation results seriously, and will focus our actions on the following four points as corrective measures for quality man- agement to prevent recurrence:
(3) In order to remove excessive reliance on the manufacturing lines and the technicians therein and tighten the risk management, we will pro- mote close cooperation and communication between the related departments.
Function of and correlation between Committees
Board of Directors
Review of preparation process prior to manufacturing
Companywide Quality Control Committee
Adherence to adapt KPS
(Established on April 6, 2018)
Identify the root causes of the defects during manufacturing process of series N700 Shinkansen bogie frames, and examine and review the appropriateness of the corrective measures developed by the Rolling Stock Company Comprehensively audit the entire quality management system in all business units
Root causes common to A to D
(1) Inter-departments communication was not active.
Investigation team
Quality Control Committee of Rolling Stock Company
*5
Concurrent activities: Activities whereby multiple processes in product development are conducted simultaneously in parallel. Design, Development and
the other departments in
the upstream processes, and Purchasing, Manufacturing, Quality Assurance, After-Sales Service and the other depart- ments in the downstream pro- cesses share information, and work together through cross- departmental cooperation to achieve, for example, designs that take into consideration using structures that will be easy to manufacture, and
cost effective product development.
Present
Excessive reliance on manufacturing shop
C: Share of technical information (January 2007)
(Established on March 1, 2018)
With regard to bogie frames for Shinkansen trains and conventional trains in Japan and overseas other than the series N700 Shinkansen train, construction, shape, and manufacturing method of those bogie frames are different from the ones of the series N700 Shinkansen train, and we have reconfirmed that the manufacturing process in the Manufacturing Department conformed to the work procedures and the drawings. Also, since the incident of the Failed Bogie Frame, we have reviewed the inspection checking method in the inspection process for the first product (or first train), and have included areas which cannot be assembled for inspection after completion of manufacturing, to inspection items.
Our group places “providing safe products and services of superior performance and quality for people all around the world” among its management principles, and, since regular audits of the quality management system are extremely effective to enhance and maintain the level of quality control and management, we will continue to audit the quality manage- ment system once a year, and thereby tighten the quality management system of the entire group across the board, and strive to provide products and services that can be used with- out any concern.
Insufficient risk management to prevent defects
A: Control of changes (June 2006)
Thorough control of changes
Thorough review of past manufacturing projects
[When suppliers were changed]
B: Preliminary verification (October 2006)
Cross-departmental efforts, including concurrent activities*5
(2) Education on quality control and management was insufficient.
Strengthening risk management

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      25
26
Leveraging Our Capabilities
Net Sales
Net Sales ¥198.9 billion
Net Sales ¥141.7 billion
Net Sales
¥251.6 billion
¥331.6 billion
Net Sales ¥469.5 billion
•Help mitigate issues of global scale, such as saving energy and reducing environmental load
29.8% Aerospace Systems
16.0% Energy System &
12.6% Precision
6.1% Ship &
9.0% Rolling Stock
21.1% 5.4% Motorcycle & Engine
Other
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Precision Machinery & Robot
Rolling Stock
Motorcycle & Engine
Approach to Social Issues
Approach to Social Issues
Approach to Social Issues
•Pursue product development that contributes to global environmental conservation and CO2 reduction
Approach to Social Issues
•Provide safe and environment-friendly rolling stock systems
•Fulfill requirements of “Fun to Ride” and “Ease of Riding” and contribute to low-carbon society
•Contribute to stable supply of clean energy
•Deliver solutions to meet diversifying energy/transportation needs
•Develop products emphasizing energy-saving and eco-friendly features
•Contribute to construction of transport
•Develop products matched to the needs of emerging markets and branch out production bases
•Contribute to creation of social energy/industrial infrastructure in emerging nations
•Contribute to infrastructure formation around the world
infrastructure that supports economic development in emerging nations
Aerospace Systems
Ship & Offshore Structure
Approach to Social Issues
•Provide air transportation systems delivering excellent environmental performance, high safety and reliability
Approach to Social Issues
•Contribute to advances in aerospace industry, including human resources development and transfer of skills to the next generation
•Provide marine transport solutions that support comfortable lifestyles around the world
Plant Engineering
Machinery & Robot
Offshore Structure
¥85.0 billion
•Help offset issues of an aged society with a shrinking workforce
cRolls-Royce plc
Net Sales
¥95.6
billion
Net Sales

                                                                          27
28
•Commercial helicopters •Missiles/Space equipment •Jet engines
Opportunities
Risks
•
Aerospace gearboxes
Defense Aircraft
• Sustained domestic defense equip- ment development and production
Commercial Aircraft
• Fiercely competitive environment, accelerated mainly
In the jet engine sector, we provide core compo- nents not as individual parts but as assembled mod- ules, such as intermediate pressure compressors, to global engine manufacturers, and we enjoy a solid presence as an indispensable supplier. We are currently involved in several new-type engine projects, and we expect the scale of our business
to expand rapidly as these projects shift into the substantial mass-production phase.
Aerospace Systems
Aircraft
• Smooth production start of Boeing 777X
Source: “COMMERCIAL MARKET OUTLOOK 2018–2037”
Main Products
Business Vision
Despite a reduced development expenses burden on commercial aircraft components, business results are likely to remain flat for the next few years. This is mainly due to a decrease in the number of air- craft produced, in line with a shift from the Boeing 777 to the Boeing 777X, as well as an increased development expenses burden due to an increase in components of new aircraft jet engines.
•Aircraft for the Japan Ministry of Defense
A leading company that consistently creates new value for the world through excellent aerospace technologies and monozukuri manufacturing quality
•Component parts for commercial aircraft
Core Competence
In the defense aircraft sector, we will move steadily toward mass production of the P-1 patrol aircraft and C-2 transport aircraft while seeking to capture orders for modernized and derivative types of aircraft. We will also pursue exports of defense equipment in line with government policy.
In April 2018, Kawasaki integrated the former Aerospace Company and the jet engine business of
the former Gas Turbine & Machinery Company, creat- ing the Aerospace Systems Company. The objectives behind this integration of aerospace-related businesses are to reinforce cost competitiveness, collaborate to expand business and develop new businesses.
Aircraft
• Technological capabilities as manufacturer of finished aircraft with experience in defense business (system integration capabilities)
Business Direction in MTBP 2016
Replacement demand 18,590
ing countries
• Rise of manufacturers in emerging countries
• Prospects of defense equipment exports
by competition for market share between Boeing and Airbus
Operating Environment and Strategies
Commercial • Medium- to long-term growth in air
• Uncertainty regarding future of wide-body aircraft, due to the
We expect global air passenger and air freight volume to expand over the medium to long term due to economic growth in emerging countries, and this should spur considerable growth in our commercial aircraft and jet engine businesses. We will seek continuous productivity improvement and steady cost reduction.
Aircraft
passenger and air freight volume, in line with economic growth in emerg-
increased presence of LCCs* 1
Jet Engines • More demand in line with expansion of commercial aircraft market
Jet Engines
• Decreasing demand due to recession
*1 LCCs: Low-cost carriers
C-2 transport aircraft
• Technological capabilities based on international joint development with Boeing, and sophisticated, large-scale production facilities
• High quality and productivity through Kawasaki Production System (KPS)
Jet Engines • Sophisticated technological capabilities built through international joint development
projects and engines for defense aircraft
• High quality and productivity through leading-edge production technology
Key Driver
Demand forecast for commercial jet airplanes
Defense • Steady progress on existing development projects Aircraft and production contracts
Retained fleet
years.
• Expand orders for new projects
Commercial • Respond to increased production of Boeing 787-10
At our facilities, we are emphasiz-
ing automation of manufacturing pro-
cesses, mainly through the installation
of Kawasaki-built robots. In addition, by
integrating automation and KPS experience
accumulated to date, we will achieve high-quality, efficient production and prepare an infrastructure for ICT and IoT to create smart factories of the future. We will strive to improve profitability and pursue businesses presenting significant growth potential over the medium to long term.
2037
Jet Engines • Enhance presence in jet engine sector by improving development capabilities
Trent XWB
The commercial aircraft market is expected to more
or less double over the next 20 years. Of this, demand for mid- and large-sized wide-body aircraft, such as
the Boeing 777 and 787—models for which Kawasaki manufactures components—is estimated at about 8,200 deliveries over this same period. At the Paris Air Show in June 2017, Kawasaki announced an agreement to enhance its collaboration with Boeing, including joint exploration of advanced manufacturing techniques and potential future business activities. We are also concur- rently involved in several projects to develop new-type engines, including the Trent 1000 for the Boeing
787, the Trent XWB for the Airbus A350 XWB, the PW1100G-JM for the Airbus A320neo and the Trent
24,400
New demand 24,140
commercial jet airplanes is expected to double over next 20
Sukeyuki Namiki
President,
Aerospace Systems Company
2018
2019 (FY) (Target)
2018 2019 (FY) (Target)
2018
2019 (FY) (Target)
cRolls-Royce plc
Orders Received
Operating Income
Before-tax ROIC
Net Sales
(Billions of Yen)
(Billions of Yen)
Ratio of Operating Income to Sales
498.9 469.5 405.0
490.0
6.5% 7.2%
7.8%
7.4%
Business Summary
In the commercial aircraft sector, we will strive to maintain a level of competitiveness that companies in emerging countries simply cannot match by providing high quality and production capabilities underpinned by world-class technological capabilities and leading- edge facilities. At the same time, we will strive to pro- mote aggressive capital investment, boost productivity and create a structure primed for business expansion.
Expanding Commercial Aircraft Business
7000 for the Airbus A330neo. Cur- rently, efforts are directed toward boosting production capacity, with a significant contribution to profits anticipated from 2020 onward.
(number of airplanes) 48,540
Demand for
35.5 30.8
*Due to internal company reorganization, effective April 2018, only figures for fiscal 2018 (restated actual results) and fiscal 2019 (targets) are shown.
2017
by Boeing

                                                                                          29
30
•Crushing machines
• Demand for infrastructure replacement in Japan, prompted by upcoming Olympics in Tokyo in 2020
Plant
• Promote careful selection of orders emphasizing profitability over scale, ensure thorough risk management in upstream processes, and improve estimate accuracy
Energy System & Plant Engineering
•Industrial-use gas turbines/ cogeneration systems
•Aerodynamic machineries/ Marine propulsion systems
Operating Environment and Strategies
•Industrial plants (cement, fertilizer and others)
• Wider demand for energy and infrastructure in emerging countries and resource-rich countries
• Delayed projects due to prolonged slump in price of oil
•Power plants
• Wider demand for distributed gas fuel power generation facilities prompted by lower price for LNG fuel
• Weakening investment incentive paralleling economic slowdowns in emerging countries and resource-rich
•LNG tanks
on the order front, we will be more selective in our bids and emphasize profitability over scale, and we will take a very careful approach to risk man- agement. Our objective is, naturally, to achieve an improvement in profitability. In addition, we aim to enhance the accuracy of estimates and reduce failure costs, that is, the cost of defective work and guarantees on construction, to strengthen
•Municipal waste incineration plants
• Tougher environmental regulations
• Demand to build new or replace various power genera-
•Tunnel boring machines
tion facilities following the Great East Japan Earthquake
countries
• Prolonged slump in the shipping market
Plant
• Comprehensive engineering capabilities and product development expertise built on various types of projects
• •Gasengines Diesel engines
servicesgloballythathelpprotecttheglobalenvironmentandalsoearnhigh customer satisfaction through technologies and quality underpinned by high
Kawasaki has the advantage of technology and quality underpinned by high product development expertise and engineering capabilities as well as monozukuri manufacturing capabilities made possi- ble by its own production bases. We will draw on these strengths to provide unique, high-value-added products and realize customer satisfaction. Also,
•Steam turbines for marine and land
product development expertise and engineering know-how.
Plant
Opportunities
Risks
In energy and marine sectors, demand for gas-fired power generation is expanding, and distributed power generation needs are also increasing, especially in Asia. In April 2018, Kawasaki integrated the former Plant & Infrastructure Company with the energy and marine-related businesses of the former Gas Turbine & Machinery Company to create the Energy System & Plant Engineering Company. The integration of energy-related businesses will accelerate business development through a stronger lineup of core products and system solutions combining these
Main Products
Business Vision
In fiscal 2018, segment earnings remained at a low level, mainly because progress on construction of
a chemical plant for a customer in Turkmenistan passed its peak. But for fiscal 2019, we expect earnings to rise with an increase in energy projects, particularly industrial-use gas turbines as well as gas engines for power generation facilities.
Energy/Marine
Emphasizing energy and the environment, be an equipment, system and plant manufacturer with distinctive capabilities to provide products and
Core Competence
Energy/Marine • Diverse product lineup and ability to provide solutions, including world-class gas turbines in terms of efficiency and environmental performance and gas engines
key products, and it will promote business growth, especially on the sales front in Southeast Asia.
our cost-competitiveness.
Seeking future business growth, we will
with the world’s best performance
• Environment-friendly technologies and development capabilities in core products and systems
In the plant sector, we anticipate a stable trend in domestic and overseas demand, reflecting infra-
aggressively pursue development of new products, including those used in hydrogen-related projects.
• Monozukuri manufacturing capabilities at our own production bases Business Direction in MTBP 2016
Key Driver
Energy/Marine • Expand share in distributed power generation market with industry’s most efficient, environment-friendly model
Waste treatment facility (Heat-recovery facility/recycling center)
In March 2018, we began marketing a combined cycle power plant (CCPP) using the L30A, a highly efficient 30MW-class gas turbine produced entirely in Japan, boasting the world’s highest power generating effi- ciency. The L30A offers the largest output of any gas turbine built by Kawasaki. With a basic configuration of two L30A gas turbines, two waste heat recovery boilers and one steam turbine, the CCPP is a Kawasaki Group original power plant featuring all Kawasaki-built components. The CCPP market is primed for expansion, given that the world’s power consumption is predicted to increase, especially in Southeast Asia where
• Strive to expand share by developing next-generation marine propulsion machin- ery and systems, and take a position among the world’s top manufacturers
Kawasaki-built CCPPs can satisfy these needs.
• Execute business mindful of human resources, assign engineers flexibly in response to market trends, and emphasize QCD* management
• Develop a market for next-generation products by improving upon existing products, and facilitate hydrogen projects
*QCD: Quality, cost, delivery
Highly efficient 30MW-class gas turbine, L30A
Tatsuya Watanabe President,
Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
2018
2019 (FY) (Target)
2018 2019 (FY) (Target)
2018
2019 (FY) (Target)
Orders Received Net Sales
Operating Income
Before-tax ROIC
(Billions of Yen)
Ratio of Operating Income to Sales
300.0 223.7
270.0
8.0%
7.6%
251.6
3.0% 2.9% 7.6 8.0
Business Summary
structure development and heightened interest in environmental protection, especially in emerging countries including those in Southeast Asia. But price wars will be fierce, and finding ways to sharpen cost-competitiveness is an issue that requires our attention.
Expanding Sales of CCPP Standard Package
economic progress is very evident. The greatest interest, however, still come from the distributed power generation market to meet particularly salient requirements for high-efficiency facilities and excel- lent load-responsiveness.
(Billions of Yen)
*Due to internal company reorganization, effective April 2018, only figures for fiscal 2018 (restated actual results) and fiscal 2019 (targets) are shown.

                                                                                               31
32
•Hydraulic steering gears for marine products
Operating Environment and Strategies
•Hydraulic deck
Sales of hydraulic machinery for the construction equipment market is expected to grow further in the coming years, due to greater infrastructure invest- ment, especially in emerging countries, as well as favorable market conditions supported by booming excavator demand in China.
machineries for marine products
Opportunities
Risks
•Industrial robots
Hydraulic • Expanding demand through worldwide infra- machinery structure building, hinging on emerging countries
Hydraulic • Delayed recovery in marine hydraulic machinery equipment market due to sluggish
•Medical and pharmaceutical robots
Robots
• More fields of application through realization of collaboration with humans in working operations
conditions in shipbuilding industry, and intensifying price wars
Both
• Pursue efficiency by creating synergistic effects as business segment
Successor technology has potential far beyond robots, including application to hydraulic technology, and we expect it to contribute to production activities in our own operations.
Precision Machinery & Robot
•Hydraulic components for construction machineries
World’s top brand in motion control, creating and providing total solutions for providers of medical and healthcare services and for various industries, including automobile, con-
We will dramatically reinforce production capacity in Japan and China to take advantage of expanding demand for robots in existing customer sectors, such as automotive and semiconductor. In addition, we will expand sales and market share by providing solutions that draw on the Group’s experience accumulated in developing robots and by enhancing the sales and service structure. We will concentrate on robots that collaborate with humans through duAro, a dual-armed SCARA (Selective Compliance Articulated Robot Arm) robot, and on medical-use robots through such applications as Robotically Assisted Surgical Device, which are under development at Medica- roid, a joint venture with Sysmex Corporation.
•Hydraulic components and systems for industrial machineries
struction machinery and electronic equipment, with a focus on hydraulic components and robots boasting a level of performance and quality far surpassing that of rival companies.
Both
Robots
• Increase current market share, develop and debut new technologies and new types of robots to collaborate with humans in work
system that reproduces physical senses, such as touch, force, sight and sound, to convey to untrained personnel the movements and techniques that a Successor robot has learned from expert engineers.
Main Products
Business Vision
In fiscal 2018, profit was up year on year, reflecting growth in sales of robots and hydraulic machinery for construction equipment. We currently anticipate growth in both markets, which should spur sales and income from fiscal 2019 onward.
Robots
• Ability to develop applications and make system proposals matched to diverse customer requirements
Hydraulic machinery
power for excavator hydraulic machinery • Ability to respond to customer requests
We will promote collaboration, integrating hydraulic machinery and robot businesses on the production front, and pursue synergies derived through developing new products combining the technical features of these businesses. This will underpin our goal to reinforce businesses under the business segment umbrella.
• Rising demand to eliminate labor shortage and improve quality
• Potential for in-house production of hydraulic machinery by construction machinery
Kawasaki is the leader of the global market for excavator-use hydraulic machinery. Going forward, the goal is to secure a larger share by showcasing world-class, leading-edge technology and the ability to turn such technology into systems, excellent brand power and responsiveness to customer needs. Also we will actively explore new businesses with huge growth potential, such as construction and agricultural machinery beyond excavators, to realize further growth and improve stability in segment performance.
• Progress in use of robots beyond industrial applications (such as medical treatment and
manufacturers and entry of manufacturers from emerging countries into the market
nursing care)
Robots
Core Competence
Business Direction in MTBP 2016
Successor—New Robot System
The global robot market keeps expanding,
but robotization remains a challenge in
many sectors. In fiscal 2020, Kawasaki will
begin general sales of Successor, a new robot system that offers new solutions in sectors where robotization has been difficult to achieve.
Hydraulic machinery
• Maintain and expand high share of excavator market, pursue bigger sales in construction and agricultural machinery sectors,
Expert engineers
• Increasingly fierce price wars with rival companies • Accumulated world-class, leading-edge technology, ability of systemization and brand
• Global service structure
• Ability to come up with unique products that utilize motion-control through fusion of
In the industrial robot business, we expect expand- ing demand to offset labor shortages and achieve
hydraulic technology and robotics
and explore business potential in industrial machinery and marine machinery sectors
Feedback system
operations, and actively promote innovative development of robots for medical applications
“duAro,” coexistence-type, dual-armed SCARA robot
Successor is a robot system that learns movements made by expert engineers using remote control devices and converts these movements into automated opera- tions. The system thus enables robots to reproduce deli- cate movements by expert engineers. In addition, the system can be used as a teaching tool, using a feedback
Hydraulic motor M7V (left) Hydraulic pump K8V (right)
Yasuhiko Hashimoto President,
Precision Machinery & Robot Company
2015 2016
2017
2018
2019 (FY) (Target)
2015 2016
2017
2018
2019 (FY) (Target)
2015 2016
2017
2018
2019 (FY) (Target)
Orders Received
Operating Income
Before-tax ROIC
Net Sales
(Billions of Yen)
(Billions of Yen) 245.0 230.0 207.1 198.9
Ratio of Operating Income to Sales
22.9%
21.1%
166.8 155.2 136.2 135.7133.1 133.1
8.0%
8.4%
21.6
24.0
16.7%
Business Summary
higher quality. We also predict that robots will be used in a wider range of applications, including collaboration with humans in work operations and use in medical treatment and nursing care.
Key Driver
Robots controlled remotely
IoT: Reproduce techniques at plants at any
location
10.9
9.5%
6.4%
13.1
13.4%
8.5
10.8%
10.4%
Robots learn and memorize
New technician training

                               33
34
Ship & Offshore Structure
Main Products
Business Vision
In fiscal 2018, the Ship & Offshore Structure Com- pany showed an operating loss, largely due to reduced operations paralleling the termination of
a contract agreement to build an offshore service vessel for a customer in Norway as well as an increase in construction costs on a new-type LNG carrier. However, this business segment should return to profitability in fiscal 2019, with improve- ment in the product mix for gas-related vessels.
••LNG carriers LPG carriers
One of the world’s most prominent shipbuilding and offshore structure engineering groups pursuing business with a focus on low-temperature, high-pressure gas technology,
In the merchant ship business, we will cut
back on the number of orders we accept and make gas-related vessels our main priority. We will concentrate domestic construction at the Sakaide Works and reinforce base functions, such as human resources development and engineering, while promoting greater integration of operations with our Chinese joint ventures NACKS and DACKS through such approaches as joint procurement and shared construction. These efforts will help sharpen our cost competitiveness and improve profitability. In addition, we will pursue development of a Ship Operation and Performance analysis support system (SOPass), which combines ship-related knowledge accumulated by Kawasaki with big
data technology.
•Bulk carriers •Submarines
submarine technology and overseas projects.
Opportunities
Risks
• Increasing demand for vessels with low environmental load due to tougher environmental regulations
• Increasingly fierce competition with China and South Korea
• Recovery in carrier demand, owing to growing demand for LNG • Greater automation, using IoT and AI
• Prolonged slump in shipping market
Operating Environment and Strategies
• Expanding operations to meet increasing fleet of submarines Core Competence
The operating environment remained challenging for the Ship & Offshore Structure Company, owing to continuing global overcapacity and a prolonged slump in the shipping market.
• Low-temperature, high-pressure gas-related technologies accumulated through development and construction of LNG and LPG carriers
For two years— fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2017—this business segment booked sizable losses, prompting the creation of a restructuring execution committee, headed by the president, in April 2017 to undertake a fundamental revision of the business structure. Meetings were held monthly, and after deciding
to withdraw from the problematic offshore service vessels business, we have freed up resources to focus on structural reforms. We are aiming for
• Quality and cost competitiveness of Group overall, including Chinese joint ventures (NACKS, DACKS*) • Energy-saving, environmental load-reducing technologies, and ability to develop new ship designs
In the submarine business, we will stabilize the business platform by completing capital investment at the Kobe Works to handle more submarines.
We will also apply submarine-related technologies collected over many years to development of such products as autonomous underwater vehicles (AUVs).
• High-level technology required specifically for submarines
*NACKS, DACKS: Shipbuilding joint ventures established in Nantong, Jiangsu Province and
Business Direction in MTBP 2016
• Achieve stable operations in submarine business, create business out of autonomous underwater vehicles (AUVs) utilizing submarine technology
Efforts to Develop Autonomous Underwater Vehicles
dedicated operators on the mother ship or special on-board equip- ment, potentially reducing the burden on crews and improv-
LNG carrier
4.7
-38.4%
Dalian, Liaoning Province, with China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited (China COSCO)
• Rebuild merchant ship business, with emphasis on deeper integration of operations at Sakaide Works, NACKS and DACKS
• Develop environment-friendly vessels to meet more stringent international environmental regulations
Key Driver
Yoshinori Mochida
President,
Ship & Offshore Structure Company
2015 2016 2017
2018
2019 (FY) (Target)
2015
2016
2017 2018
2019 (FY) (Target)
2015 2016 2017 2018
2019 (FY) (Target)
Orders Received
Operating Income
Before-tax ROIC
Net Sales
(Billions of Yen)
(Billions of Yen)
Ratio of Operating Income to Sales
179.2
2.9% 2.6
6.0% 2.6%
98.3 103.2 90.3 94.8
100.0
-7.9
-3.8
Business Summary
before-tax ROIC of 8%—assuming an exchange rate of ¥100 = US$1—by fiscal 2021 and will implement business strategies to achieve this target.
36.9
-21.4 -20.7%
In November 2017, Kawasaki successfully completed a verification test on an autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV) at The Underwater Centre, in Scotland. Noticing an increase in demand for pipeline maintenance ser- vices for offshore oil and gas fields, we have pursued development of leading-edge component technologies for AUVs under a subsidy program sponsored by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism. AUVs determine positioning status autonomously
ing safety while cutting
maintenance costs. As a
result, several oil and
gas companies—the oil
majors—and underwater equipment operators have expressed high hopes for AUVs. For our part, we intend to launch full-scale development of a seabed pipeline-inspection AUV, with a commercialization target of fiscal 2021.
while carrying out preassigned missions, and thus differ from conventional cable-tethered, unmanned, remotely operated vehicles. They do not require
95.6
85.0
-3.9%
-8.3%
-23.4% -21.3%
1.1%
1.0

                                                                                                             35
36
Rolling Stock
• Electric train cars, including Shinkansen (bullet trains)
With strong teamwork and the highest level of technology and quality we provide dreams and emotions to customers worldwide in order to become the most
We seek to differentiate ourselves from other companies by providing high-value-added products that leverage synergies and high-tech expertise built on comprehensive heavy industry strengths. A great example of this is efWING, the world’s first bogie incorporating carbon fiber reinforced plastic (CFRP). We also seek to expand earnings across the overall product lifecycle, including components, repair and rebuild work, and maintenance.
• Electric and diesel locomotives
reliable rolling stock system supplier.
• Passenger coaches • Bogies
Main Products
Business Vision
In fiscal 2018, the Rolling Stock Company posted
a significant operating loss, mainly due to the booking of provision for losses on construction contracts—specifically, a rolling stock project for a North American customer—as well as an expense bur- den related to replacement of a series N700 Shinkansen bogie frame. This situation is likely to persist in fiscal 2019, with additional booking of provision for losses on construction contracts, specifically the rolling stock project for a North American customer, as well as the appearance of losses on domestic rolling stock proj- ects, leading to another year of significant operating loss. Management recognizes the seriousness of con- tinued worsening performance and established the Rolling Stock Business Restructuring Committee chaired by the president to drastically reinforce proj- ect management and achieve performance recovery as soon as possible.
Asia
• Maintain revenue base in markets, particularly Taiwan and Singapore, where the Kawasaki brand is known for excellence, and develop wider presence
Bangladesh •Dhaka
Opportunities
Risks
• Continuous brisk demand for subway and commuter train systems in North American market
• Manufacturers from China and other emerging countries entering North American
• Brisk demand in emerging countries of Asia • Firm replacement demand in domestic market
market, sparking fierce price wars
• Country risk in new markets for Kawasaki
• Expanding stock-style demand, including components, maintenance and repair and rebuild work in existing market
In the North American market, with persistently brisk demand based in the northeastern corridor, we will draw on extensive results and a solid reputation for reliability built over many years and the advantage
of operating two production bases in the United States to capture demand for new railcars. And we will develop our stock-style businesses, namely, components, repair and rebuild work, and maintenance, including track monitoring using IoT.
Core Competence
Rolling stock for access to Taoyuan International Airport in Taiwan
-14.0
• High-tech expertise built on comprehensive heavy industry strengths
• Ability to fulfill contracts, cultivated from extensive domestic and overseas results
• Partnership capabilities with other companies in execution of overseas projects Business Direction in MTBP 2016
Operating Environment and Strategies
Domestic • Differentiate with high-value-added products that leverage synergies and high-tech expertise built on comprehensive heavy industry strengths as well as ability to provide
Against a backdrop highlighted by economic development in emerging countries and repair and rebuild work on transport infrastructure in developed countries, demand for rolling stock remains strong, especially overseas. This is spurring wider demand for stock-style business, mainly components and maintenance. However, the entry of manufacturers based in emerging countries, such as China, has
Asia presents a market with huge growth potential. Our goal here is to expand our earnings base in Taiwan and Singapore, where we have already established a strong presence, while cultivating new markets by enhanc- ing our system integration capabilities and maintaining and developing partnerships with local manufacturers. We are also intending to extend our business scope, mainly by capturing orders for projects financed by ODA loans.
value across overall product lifecycle
North America • Tap into constant order activity for new cars in high-share northeastern corridor, and actively promote high-profit stock-style business underpinned by delivery record
exceeding 4,500 cars
in emerging markets with growth potential
Key Driver
MRT Line-6
Kazutoshi Honkawa President,
Rolling Stock Company
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019 (FY) (Target)
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019 (FY) (Target)
2015
2016 2017
2018
2019 (FY) (Target)
Series 2600 limited express diesel railcar for Shikoku Railway Company
Orders Received
Operating Income
Before-tax ROIC
Net Sales
(Billions of Yen)
(Billions of Yen)
Ratio of Operating Income to Sales
132.1 146.6 131.4 121.5
141.7 130.0
135.0
Business Summary
intensified competition, necessitating approaches to boost profitability through enhanced non-price competitiveness and business model reform.
158.5 137.1
9.2
3.0%
Expanding Business Activities in Asia
Going forward, many projects financed by ODA loans for emerging countries in Asia are in the works, and we anticipate an increase in business opportunities, including high-speed railway projects throughout the region, starting with India. Kawasaki will draw
on a solid presence in Taiwan and Singapore and capabilities that facilitate production of all types of rolling stock to broaden the scope of our business activities in Asia.
● ●
257.1
In August 2017, a joint bid by Kawasaki and Mitsubishi Corporation won an order from state-run Dhaka Mass Tran- sit Company Limited in Bangladesh, to supply rolling stock and maintenance depot equipment for Dhaka MRT Line-6, the country’s first mass rapid transit system. Construction of this project is being financed by ODA loans extended by the Japan International Cooperation Agency, under Japan’s infrastructure export strategy, to the government of Bangladesh to support infrastructure development.
● ●
4.9% 6.0
6.3%
2.5% 3.4
8.7% 11.7%
-8.7%
-10.3%
-26.2%
-12.4
-22.2%
● ● ●
Shahjalal International Airport
Tejgaon Airport
●

                                                                             37
38
Motorcycle & Engine
•Personal watercrafts (PWCs)
sports and general-purpose engine markets.
•General-purpose gasoline engines
Main Products
Business Vision
Despite a drop in sales of motorcycles to emerging countries, sales of motorcycles, utility vehicles and general-purpose gasoline engines to developed countries drove fiscal 2018 income up over the fiscal 2017 level. In fiscal 2019, higher sales of motorcycles and general-purpose gasoline engines to developed countries should neutralize the impact of yen appreciation and keep sales and operating income near fiscal 2018 levels.
• •Motorcycles Utility vehicles
Guided by the “Kawasaki, working as one” philosophy, grow and endure as a manufacturer with primary focus on high-value-added domains in the power
Toward this end, we will clarify the functions and roles of domestic and overseas R&D sites and reinforce collaborative efforts, and we will utilize synergistic effects generated through contact with the Corporate Technology Division and other segments. Then we will establish a development structure to continuously debut attractive new mod- els ahead of the competition. In addition, we will strive to polish our brand power to a brighter shine, with a focus on CRM* and a stronger after-market service structure and by efficiently and effectively showcasing a Kawasaki brand consistent worldwide.
•All-terrain vehicles (ATVs)
Utility vehicles
• Expanding market in North America • Brisk growth, reflecting bigger U.S.
General-purpose gasoline engines
housing market
In business operations, we will set up a global management system hinging on business processes consistent at sites worldwide. We will also look to optimize the role of each production base, including efforts to enhance the mother factory function of the Akashi Works, to achieve higher management efficiency.
Opportunities
Risks
Motorcycles
• Medium- to long-term market expan- sion in emerging countries
Motorcycles
• Intensifying price wars in emerging markets
Core Competence
Deepen demand-chain reforms
• “A Class Apart”
• Create brand that delivers high customer value a true cut above
Key Driver
Deepen reforms to enhance competitive edge of products
other companies
• “Fun to Ride” and “Ease of Riding”
The motorcycle market in India is rapidly expanding.
It is already the largest motorcycle market in the world, with sales reaching about 20.19 million units in fiscal 2018. Of this amount, about 880,000 units were medium- and large-sized motorcycles with engine displacements of 250cc or higher.
49 million units
Deepen supply chain reforms and promote change in overall management system
• Boost capital efficiency through improvements in supply chain, from production through to sales
2016
2025
Establish stronger financial platform
• Reinforce profitability and improve free cash flow to generate investment leeway and
At the end of June 2017, Kawasaki relocated the plant of India Kawasaki Motors Pvt. Ltd. (IKM), its sub- sidiary in India. In addition to the 250cc–650cc models previously manufactured by IKM, the new plant has started local production and sales of the Ninja 1000, the highest maximum engine displacement—1,043cc—of all Kawasaki-brand motorcycles manufactured in India.
As the Indian economy grows, the market
for medium- and high-displacement leisure-use motorcycles—an area where Kawasaki is particularly strong—is expected to continue to expand. With the start of operations at the new plant, the Company will meet local market demand and provide Kawasaki-brand motorcycles more extensively throughout India.
• Stable demand for developed coun- tries, and progress in development of
• Tougher environmental regulations
Operating Environment and Strategies
technologies, such as IoT application and advanced safety features
Utility vehicles
• Intensifying price wars
Markets in developed countries will continue to present stable demand, especially for utility vehi- cles, and high growth is likely over the medium to long term in emerging markets as well. We believe our business can grow steadily. However, competi- tion is heating up in all markets, mainly due to the entry of manufacturers in emerging countries, so we need to improve our profitability.
• High brand image clearly different from rivals, typified by Ninja and Z • Top-level product development expertise on world stage
We will anticipate the needs of customers and draw on world-class product development expertise and brand image—typified by Ninja and Z and clearly different from rivals—to quickly bring
• Technological capabilities to develop and produce high-performance, high-quality products • Global production, sales and service structure
*CRM: Customer relationship management
Business Direction in MTBP 2016
• Create structure for product development geared to customer requirements
18 million units
respond to future growth markets
MULE PRO-FXT
Ninja ZX-10R
Kazuo Ota
President,
Motorcycle & Engine Company
2015 2016 2017 2018
2019 (FY) (Target)
2015
2016
2017
2018 2019 (FY) (Target)
2015
2016
2017 2018
2019 (FY) (Target)
Net Sales
Operating Income
Before-tax ROIC
(Billions of Yen)
(Billions of Yen)
329.2 333.5 331.6 313.0
345.0
Ratio of Operating Income to Sales
Business Summary
attractive, highly competitive models to market. These efforts will define Kawasaki as a premium brand that can pull free of the price competition.
Motorcycle Business in India
Growth forecast for Indian motorcycle market
4.5% 14.9
3.7% 11.7
4.5% 4.6% 15.2 16.0
11.3%
4.7% 15.7
14.1%
7.3%
7.3%
9.4%

                                                                                                 s
r
e
d
l
 o
  h
e
          k
a
 t
  s
 t
c
e
  r
  i
D
                                      39
40
Growing with Society
Process for Identifying Materiality
Next generation/ Future
Mutual understanding and coexistence
Pursuit of win-win benefits
International society
NGO/NPO
Improving enterprise value over medium to long term
Collaborating to tackle challenges
Basic Policy on CSR
Given diversifying stakeholder expectations and requests and a changing business environment, management took a fresh look at Group activities that impact society and then identified material issues—that is, materiality.
For the Kawasaki Group, the CSR priority of highest importance is, we believe, none other than realiz- ing the Group Mission “Kawasaki, working as one for the good of the planet” (Enriching lifestyles and helping safeguard the environment: Global Kawasaki). Therefore, management actively identifies global social issues and emphasizes solutions utilizing products and services driven by innovation and the pursuit of synergies within the Group. In addition, to be a company—and a corporate group—that is always trusted by society, we will promote constructive dialogue with stakeholders* and reinforce approaches, including fair business practices, measures to prevent corruption and consideration of the environment and human rights.
Step 1
Identify and narrow down CSR issues
Medium-Term CSR Policy
Customers
Attractive workplaces, work environments that foster value creation
Providing value to customers
Local Communities
Business Partners
Government
Our CSR activity organization is introduced on our website https://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/sustainability/overview/ organization.html
Step 4
Stronger industrial foundation Cooperation and collaborative creation
Formulate the plan and conduct a review
The Kawasaki Group
Shareholders/Investors
*DJSI, FTSE, MSCI: please refer to page 16.
*SASB: Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
*GRI Standards: Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards
*Stakeholders: People, organizations, etc., directly or indirectly affected by corporate activities
We analyzed industry- and Kawasaki Group-specific survey criteria applied by interna- tional SRI/ESG (socially responsible investment/environment, social, governance) assess- ment organizations, including DJSI, FTSE, MSCI* and Sustainalytics, as well as content required under reporting guidelines set by SASB*, GRI and other standards organizations. We also drew on the opinions of external advisors and then identified and narrowed down CSR issues.
In fiscal 2018, management defined CSR material issues—materiality—that the Kawasaki Group must address and also reviewed the CSR activity framework, placing the creation of social value through business as top priorities to be achieved over the long term and other issues as CSR issues that underpin the management foundation. From fiscal 2019, under a new framework, we will clarify the division and person responsible for key items, namely the creation of social value through business and environment, society and governance (ESG), as well as the image we seek to present and key performance indicators. We will disclose the status of progress toward targets and rotate through
Step 2
Evaluate impact of issues and assign priorities
a plan-do-check-act (PDCA) cycle while working to enhance our CSR activities.
We also put responses to social issues of global scale that were identified under MTBP 2016 in a category—the social value we create—with our Group Mission “Kawasaki, work- ing as one for the good of the planet” and placed this category as top priorities.
Stakeholder Dialogue
The Kawasaki Group actively acknowledges the expectations and requests of stakeholders, and strives to create social value by meeting those expectations and requests
Step 3
Global environment
To verify the appropriateness of priority placement determined in-house, we invited comments from outside experts through an interview process. Based on these comments, we reviewed the impact of CSR issues on society and stakeholders, and made revisions. (Please refer to the materiality matrix on page 42.)
Employees
We will comply with the management approach defined under GRI standards*, establish concrete numerical targets, and through steady implementation of strategies and follow-up measures, move CSR programs toward realization of stated goals. In addition, the Corporate CSR Committee will periodically review material issues and other topics to ensure that CSR activities are in sync with changes in the business environment and evolving social expectations.
through business activities while concurrently working to raise enterprise value. We utilize stakeholder dialogue to enhance
Interview outside experts and decide on material issues (materiality)
information disclosure and deepen communication, which will strengthen bonds of mutual trust.
We made an internal evaluation of each CSR issue narrowed down through Step 1, from the perspective of importance to society and stakeholders as well as importance to Kawasaki, and created a provisional order of importance.
 
                       41
42
Comments from Experts Providing Opinions on
Step 3
Please refer to page 40.
Materiality matrix of items identified
Keisuke Takegahara
High
CSR issues that underpin the management foundation
•Providing safe and secure, clean and comfortable •modes of transport •Creating clean energy Improving social infrastruc- tures, especially in emerging •countries
Executive Officer, Development Bank of Japan Inc.
•Product liability/safety •Corporate governance •Compliance •Anti-corruption measures •Supply chain management •Employee recruitment and
From an institutional investor and capital market perspective, a value creation scenario
•Low-carbon society (product-based contributions)
is of particular importance. The Four Outcomes reflect the Kawasaki Group’s contribu- tion to society through business activities, and you’ve made this the highest priority. But I’d like to know what KPIs will measure your efforts to contribute to solve social issues, over what timeline and under what scenario. For example, under the Group’s growth strategy, the more the Group’s business performance grows and its ROIC rises, the more social issues the Group will be able to help solve. The Group will also develop a solid management foundation. If investors see these tangible strategies, they will be able to invest with peace of mind.
retention •Low-carbon society
Responding to needs of aging society and shortage of labor through automation
Takeshi Mizuguchi
•Stakeholder communication
•Risk management
•Crisis management
•Political involvement
•Innovation management •Deepening awareness of Kawasaki
•Customer relationship management •Health and safety
•Labor practice and diversity •Human resources development •Recycling-oriented society •Society coexisting with nature •Environmental management
Professor, Takasaki City University of Economics
I think “creating clean energy” and “low-carbon society” are equivalent concepts, so
Group Business Conduct Guideline Export control
both should go to the very top right on the materiality matrix. But they are, essentially, redundant, so I’d suggest consolidating them. Also, today, the world is shifting from “low-carbon” to “carbon-free.” Maybe you should consider using the term “carbon-free society” instead of “low-carbon society.”
•
•Information security
•
•friendly brand
An issue I think the Kawasaki Group should prioritize is climate change. I’d like you to realize a low-carbon society through technology, but you can’t solve any issues at all through mere extension of current technology. Embrace a sense of crisis—a proactive awareness that pushes you to come up with revolutionary technology.
*Details on the process used to identify materiality are introduced on our website. http://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/sustainability/materiality.html
Masao Seki
We believe our Group Mission—“Kawasaki, working as one for the good of the planet”—is extremely compatible with SDGs. And as we strive to pro- vide solutions to social issues through our busi- ness activities, we will most certainly contribute significantly to the achievement of SDGs.
Senior Advisor on CSR, Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc. Professor, School of Business Administration, Meiji University
You should raise the priority ranking of human rights. Take a bird’s-eye view of your value chain to pinpoint the kind of human rights risks that exist. Then engage in activities to prevent infringement of human rights, starting from high-risk issues.
In the process of identifying materiality, we reconfirmed the social issues that we should address and positioned efforts to maximize the social value we create through our businesses as top priorities to be achieved over the long term.
The business structure appears male-dominated, so I’d suggest you give more attention to promot- ing women’s participation in the workplace and addressing gender-related problems.
Points Taken
Kawasaki Group’s Approach to SDGs
SDGs Common Throughout All Businesses
For the “low-carbon society,” we split the cate- gory in two: “low-carbon society (product-based contributions),” for efforts to realize a low-carbon society by providing products that emit low levels of CO2, and “low-carbon society (business activities),” for efforts to realize a low-carbon society through business processes by the Group. The revised categories are re-located in the matrix. “Human rights” was added to materiality categories.
We defined the creation of social value as top priorities to be achieved over the long term, and we added a category—CSR issues that underpin the management foundation—for other CSR issues that will enable us to create social value. For our follow-up approach, we changed the control method because the timeline for the creation of social value differs from that of CSR issues that underpin the management foundation.
Created Social Value
Responsible Division
Applicable SDGs
*The materiality matrix, which was revised to reflect input from outside experts, is presented on page 42.
Improving social infrastructure, especially in emerging countries
Energy System & Plant Engineering
Importance to society and stakeholders
Topics not chosen as material issues but still worthy of constant attention
(business activities) •Human rights
Kawasaki Group’s Approach to SDGs
As presented below, we determined our contribu- tion to successful SDGs through an internal exam- ination of the correlation between created social value and the 17 SDGs and 169 targets of the universal agenda and through discussion by the Corporate CSR Committee and the Management Committee, which are both chaired by the presi- dent. We set non-financial targets to achieve by 2030 for each type of created social value, and will regularly disclose the status of progress toward these targets.
Providing safe and secure, clean, comfortable movement of people and transportation of goods by land, sea and air
•Ship & Offshore Structure Company •Rolling Stock Company
•Aerospace Systems Company •Motorcycle & Engine Company
Creating clean energy
•Corporate Technology Division •Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
Responding to needs of aging society and shortage of
labor through automation
•Precision Machinery & Robot Company
Low
Social contribution activities Importance to Kawasaki
High
•
×
Company
•Precision Machinery & Robot
Company
Materiality
Created social value
Heightened awareness as an environmentally

                            43
44
Toward Realizing a Low-carbon Society
Measures are required worldwide to deal with global warming, which has had a serious impact on the eco- system and humans. It is vital to take measures to reduce CO2 emissions through improvement of the prod- ucts’ environmental performance and promotion of efficiency of manufacturing processes.
Realization of
a Low-carbon Society
CO2 Emissions
About CO2 emissions from business activities 328,000tons (planning,development,design,production,etc.)
In identifying materiality of CSR this time, we decided that both “the realization of a low-carbon society (product-based contributions)” that mitigates warming through improvement of environmental performance of products and “the realization of a low-carbon society (business activities)” which indicates CO2 reduction in business activities including manufacturing processes, have a high level of importance from the perspectives of both “the level of importance for society and stakeholders” and “the level of importance for the Company.”
CO2 Emission Reduction Effect Through Energy-saving Activities
Realization of a Low-carbon Society Product-based Contributions
Before improvement: Heating incineration of resin
Reduction of CO2 Emissions Through
Product-based Contributions
The Company established an energy-saving promo- tion structure for each business segment and makes various energy-conservation improvements in an effort to reduce CO2. These include a shift of pumps and fans to inverter types, raising the effi- ciency of lighting, air conditioning, production and other equipment, and making improvements in the production process.
Precision Machinery Business Division). Before the improvement, high-temperature
About 90% of CO2 emitted during
the lifecycles of our products is
released during the period of their
use after they are sold. Thus, the
Company seeks to realize a low-
carbon society by providing products that produce only low CO2 emissions during their use. We estab- lished a new rule for calculating the CO2 emission reduction through product-based contributions, in order to quantify contributions of highly energy efficient products to the mitigation of global warming.
for products that meet self-established standards such as high energy efficiency. The number
of registered products
has continued
One example is the improvement of the pro- cess of removing resin stuck inside a gear pump before the repair procedure (Nishi-Kobe Works,
Calculations based on this rule showed that the CO2 emission reduction through products we sold in fiscal 2018 was about 22.9 million tons. Large contributions were made mainly by the Green Gas Engine, which achieved the world’s highest power- generation efficiency in its class, and the CKK System, which reduced cement calcination fuel
by combining cement manufacturing with waste processing. We started the Kawasaki-brand Green Products* in-house registration program in 2013
4. In times of further tightness of power demand, saving energy through full staff participation by issuing an emergency-power conservation announcement in the plant in two stages.
About
22.9
million tons of CO2
incineration of resin in the furnace for many hours turned the resin into ashes, and then power tools and other equipment were used to polish them. After the improvement, a method was established to use solvents that are effective in removing stuck resin by immersing and clean- ing. As a result of this, energy that had been used for heating and power tools was reduced, leading to a reduction of CO2.
*The details of Kawasaki-brand Green Products are disclosed on our website. http://global.kawasaki.com/en/corp/sustainability/green_ products/index.html
Shift some facilities that use a large amount of power to night operation
Calculation Rule
We established a new calculation rule with refer- ence to the Guideline for Quantifying Greenhouse Gas Emission Reduction Contribution (Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, March 2018).
•Period of assessment: The difference in CO2 emis- sions between our products and industry standard class products over the period of use was calculated by newly adopting the Flow Base Approach. The period of assessment was the expected useful life of products sold in the fiscal year, instead of one-year period assessment used until fiscal 2017.
0:00 4:00 8:00
12:00
16:00
20:00
24:00
•Products to be assessed: Kawasaki-brand Green Products, products that use renewable energy, waste and waste heat, as well as cogeneration systems and rolling stock pertaining to modal shift, etc., were selected for assessment.
This improvement prevented excess power demand. It involved concerted efforts by plants through the implementation of the following four steps to curb about 4,000 kW of power in times
of tight power supply-demand situations during summer.
1. Spreading out in advance the operation schedule
Energy-saving Effect of Full Staff Participation by Emergency-power Conservation Announcements
increasing every year, totaling
50 in 2018.
After improvement:
Removal of resin using solvents
Green Gas Engine
3. In times of tight power demand even after those arrangements, increasing the output of cogeneration power-generation facilities or stopping several air conditioners in rotation.
CKK System (a system combining cement manufacturing with waste processing)
for fiscal 2018 was given to “an improvement that ‘prevented excess contract power’ through imple- mentation of ‘measures to reduce peak power con- sumption’ by ‘full staff participation’ (Gifu Works/ Nagoya Works, Aerospace Systems Company).” The winner was found to be outstanding in its improve- ment effect, return on investment, potential for hor- izontal development, and creativity and originality.
Level out maximum power for each time period through schedule adjustments
–Fiscal 2017
Fiscal 2018
Fiscal 2019–
for facilities that consume large amounts of power.
Power conservation of about 2,000 kW
Expected useful life of products Period of use to be assessed for reduction
Emergency power conservation announcement II (suspend some facilities including production facilities)
BusinessActivities
We are promoting various energy-saving activities to curb CO2 emissions from business activities, with the view to realizing a low-carbon society. Emissions from business activities were about 328,000 tons in fiscal 2018, as a result of reducing about 15,000 tons of CO2 mainly through energy-saving activities.
As part of our energy-saving activities, we started the Energy-saving Awards Program from fiscal 2018 with an eye to all staff members’ participation in energy-saving activities. A characteristic of the Company’s Energy-saving Awards Program is the two-tier awards consisting of the Intra-Division Award, which recognizes activities in each operat- ing division of the Company, and the Company-wide Award, which is decided based on company-wide voting on each improvement recommended per division. As such, this program recognizes various energy-saving initiatives ranging from small improvements made by individuals to major
2. Staggering operation times, coordinating by telephone on that day, in cases where overlap- ping operations occur.
ones by teams and plants.
The grand award of the Company-wide Award
In the case where no measures are taken
Power saving
About 15,000tons of CO2
Change in Production Facility Power over Time (1 day)
Power (kW)
Emergency power conservation announcement I
(turn off some equipment in standby mode and lighting)

                                      45
46
Corporate Governance/Compliance/Risk Management
Corporate Governance System
established as advisory bodies to the Board of Directors, in an effort to strengthen the transparency and objectivity of the Board of Directors. A majority of the committees’ members are outside officers, and the presiding officers of each are outside directors.
compliance, and risk management, having served as an in-house lawyer and counsel at international financial institutions for many years. In consideration of these points, the Company believes she would be able to fully perform her roles as an Outside Director in supervising the execution of duties of the
Basic Stance on Corporate Governance
Advisory Committee, Compensation Advisory Committee, Management Committee, and Executive Officers Committee. The composition and role of each of these organizations are described below. •Board of Directors
Guided by the Group Mission “Kawasaki, working as one for the good of the planet,” the Kawasaki Group has established a corporate governance system centered on directors and audit & supervi- sory board members, with content appropriate for the activities that the Group undertakes, and efforts are made to further improve the system. The basic stance on corporate governance for the Group as a whole is to raise enterprise value through effective and sound business activities while forming solid relationships with all stakeholders, including share- holders, customers, employees and communities, through highly transparent management practices.
In fiscal 2018, the Board of Directors’ Meeting was held 15 times (including extraordinary meetings), and the attendance rate was 97% or above for inter- nal and outside directors and audit & supervisory board members.
•Audit & Supervisory Board
The Audit & Supervisory Board comprises five audit & supervisory board members (authorized number: five). To ensure the reliability of financial reports, the Company appoints internal audit & supervisory board members who have considerable knowledge of finance and accounting. Furthermore, to ensure the objectivity and neutrality of the supervisory function, the Company appoints three outside audit & supervisory board members (independent officers, as required by the Tokyo Stock Exchange) with no business relationships or other vested interests in the Company. The internal and outside audit & super- visory board members share information closely and work to enhance the supervisory function.
•Company and increasing its enterprise value.
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Overview of the Corporate Governance System
Kawasaki adopts the statutory auditor system with a Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board, and appoints an independent auditor. The Company also has the discretionary Nomination
Compensation to Corporate Officers
Key Internal Committees Other than Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board
The compensation system for Kawasaki directors and audit & supervisory board members—which is designed to promote sustained improvement in corporate per- formance and enterprise value and to secure out- standing human resources—ensures a level of com- pensation in line with the duties of the individual officer. Compensation for directors, excluding out- side directors consists of basic compensation, per- formance-based compensation, and a stock purchase fund. Among these, performance-based compensa- tion is determined by linking corporate performance with the aim of using compensation as an incentive for achieving business goals. The stock purchase fund is distributed in fixed amounts each month for the purpose of sharing value with shareholders and incentivizing directors to enhance medium- to long- term enterprise value, with the entire amount con- tributed to the officers’ stock ownership plan in order to purchase shares of the Company on a con- tinuous basis. Compensation for outside directors is set at a fixed level not tied to corporate performance,
Name
Nomination Advisory Committee Compensation Advisory Committee Management Committee
Activities
• An advisory body on nomination of directors and audit & supervisory board members • An advisory body on compensation for directors
In fiscal 2018, the Audit & Supervisory Board’s Meeting was held 17 times, and the attendance rate was 100% for internal and outside audit & supervisory board members.
Executive Officers Committee
and other matters from a Group perspective
• Comprises all executive officers appointed by the Board of Directors
Reasons for Appointment of Outside Officers
Corporate CSR Committee
Corporate Risk Management Committee
• Discusses and decides on basic policy and important matters related to CSR for the Group as a whole and monitors implementation status
Outside Directors
Major Project Committee
Project Risk Management Committee
• Assesses risk and considers appropriate responses before acceptance of major projects • Regularly follows up on major projects during execution
Kawasaki Group’s Governance Structure (As of June 27, 2018)
Nomination Advisory Committee Compensation Advisory Committee
Consultation / Advice
Audit
Cross-sectional cooperation
Audit
Key Internal Committees
Major Project Committee
Project Risk Management Committee
Directors (Board of Directors)
Audit & supervisory board members (Audit & Supervisory Board)
Independent auditor
The Company modified the Board of Director and Executive Officer System effective April 1, 2018, in order to further strengthen corporate governance. This change has made it clear that business execution is carried out by executive officers to promote separation from the supervisory function of the Board of Directors.
Management Committee
Discussion Confirmation Instructions
Instructions Report
Executive Officers Committee
Corporate CSR Committee Corporate Risk Management Committee
Discussion
Business operation execution divisions (Head Office, internal companies)
Audit
CSR Committee/Risk Management Committee (Head Office, internal companies)
Inspection
Audit
We will continue working to strengthen the supervisory function of the Board of Directors and establish the corporate governance system suitable for the Kawasaki Group.
Resolution on appointment
Resolution on appointment
Resolution on appointment
Efforts to Enhance the Supervisory Function of the Board of Directors
Consultation / Advice
Audit
Supervision
Appointment
Yoshiaki Tamura (newly appointed) Mr. Tamura served as Representative Director and Executive Vice President, Asahi Glass Co., Ltd. (currently, AGC Inc.), GM of Technology Gen- eral Division, Deputy Leader of AGC Group Improvement Activities and President of Glass Company and other impor- tant positions. He has extensive experience in corporate management and deep insights into manufacturing. In con- sideration of these points, the Company believes he would be able to fully perform his roles as an Outside Director in supervising the execution of duties of the Company and increasing its enterprise value.
General Meeting of Shareholders
Topics
President
Instructions Report
Auditing Department
Furthermore, seeking to strengthen the supervisory function of the Board of Directors with regard to overall management, the Company increased the number of outside directors by one. The Company appoints outside directors who are capable of providing appropriate opinions and advice from an objective perspective, independent of any role in the execution of business activities, based on abundant experience and specialized knowledge in fields different from the Company’s business fields, while ensuring diversity of their profes- sional background, nationality, gender, and so forth.
The Board of Directors comprises 12 directors (authorized number: 18), with the chairman
serving as the presiding officer. The Company
has increased the number of its outside directors (independent officers, as required by the Tokyo Stock Exchange) from two to three. These direc- tors are independent of any role in the execution of business activities. As a result, eight of the 12 directors concurrently serve as executive officers. The Company is seeking to strengthen the supervi- sory function of the Board of Directors with regard to overall management, while paying attention to the balance with its business execution function. Furthermore, the Nomination Advisory Committee and Compensation Advisory Committee have been
Takashi Torizumi The Company has judged that Mr. Torizumi would be able to fully perform his roles as outside audit & supervisory board member from an independent position, based on his abundant experience as a corporate manager. Satoru Kohdera The Company has judged that Mr. Kohdera would be able to fully perform his roles as outside audit & supervisory board member from an independent position, based on his abundant experience as an attorney and high level of knowledge of legal affairs.
• Includes executive directors and internal company presidents
• Assists the president as an advisory body with regard to Group management
• Discusses important management policy, management strategy, management issues,
• Conveys business execution policy based on management policy and management plans determined mainly by the Board of Directors and the Management Committee
The reasons for the appointment of outside officers (three outside directors and three outside audit & s•upervisory board members) are as follows:
• Venue for communicating necessary and important information regarding business execution and exchanging opinions
• Discusses important issues pertaining to risk management for the Group as a whole and monitors implementation status
Michio Yoneda Mr. Yoneda has expressed useful opinions and given advice in determining important matters of the Company’s management from a position independent of any role in the execution of business activities, based on his abundant management experience and high level of knowl- edge regarding corporate governance acquired over a career including President & CEO (Member of the Board) of Osaka Securities Exchange Co., Ltd., Director & Representative Execu- tive Officer and Group COO of Japan Exchange Group, Inc., and other important positions. In consideration of these points, the Company believes he would be able to fully perform his roles as an Outside Director in supervising the execution of duties of the Company and increasing its enterprise value.
Affiliated companies
Jenifer Rogers (newly appointed) Ms. Rogers has extensive international experience and deep insights into legal affairs,
Atsuko Ishii The Company has judged that Ms. Ishii would
be able to fully perform her roles as outside audit & supervi- sory board member from an independent position, based on her abundant experience and high level of knowledge of labor administration.

                          Business divisions Kawasaki (headquarters, Internal companies, etc.) Group
47
48
from the perspective of professional independence. These types of compensation for directors are deter- mined by the President as delegated by the Board of Directors, after consultation with the Compen- sation Advisory Committee. The compensation of
audit & supervisory board members is set at a fixed level not tied to corporate performance, from the perspective of professional independence. This compensation is determined by the Audit & Supervisory Board.
misconduct. To address this problem, we established the Compliance Reporting and Consultation System, with an outside lawyer acting as the contact.
Since 2006, the Board of Directors
has adopted a resolution to comply with antimonopoly laws and strive to main-
tain and improve our enterprise value in society at the first Board of Directors’ Meeting, held immedi- ately following each year’s general meeting of shareholders.
(第三版)
Amount of Corporate Officers’ Compensation in Fiscal 2018
(Millions of yen)
There were 27 reports or consultations made through the Compliance Reporting and Consultation System in fiscal 2018.
Total amount of compensation
675 473 134
103 103 — —
778 (60) 576 (60) 134 (—)
The Compliance Guidebook, which describes neces- sary and useful knowledge in an easy-to-understand way for ensuring thorough compliance within the Company, is distributed to all executives, employees, and temporary staff at all Group companies in Japan.
Total amount of compensation, etc. by category (Fiscal 2018)
Basic compensation Performance-based compensation Stock purchase fund
67
67 (—) retired at the conclusion of the General
Notes:
1. The number of officers includes four directors and one audit & supervisory board member who
The Compliance Guidebook outlines the Group’s compliance system and activities as well as the Compliance Reporting and Consultation System. The Guidebook uses illustrations to present easy-to-understand examples that should be noted regarding compliance-related matters. It is divided into 20 sub-sections in total with six classified sec- tions, “Matters concerning Securing the Trust
Efforts to Prevent Corruption
Meeting of Shareholders held in June 2017.
2. The maximum amount of compensation for directors is ¥1,200 million per year (as resolved at
Taking an even tougher stand against corruption, we established the Bribery Prevention Regulations in August 2013. These regulations represent a thorough commitment to prevent situations with the potential for dishonesty in corporate practices. Our basic pol- icy states that “the Kawasaki Group will uphold laws in the execution of business activities and that bribes to public officials in Japan or overseas is not at all condoned.” In addition, we implement the establish- ment of regulations with similar content at domestic and overseas affiliated companies.
Compliance Promotion Structure
In accordance with the Companies Act, the Kawa- saki Board of Directors has adopted a basic policy for internal control systems. The policy makes it clear that appropriate risk-management strategies (avoidance, reduction, etc.) should be executed in accordance with the Risk Management Regulations as company regulations upon identifying and clas- sifying risks and performing analysis and assess- ment of such risks.
The Corporate CSR Committee comprises all execu-
Compliance Promotion Structure
or a department that would normally address alleged
President
Compliance
Reporting and Consultation System (whistle-blower system) Contact: outside lawyer
as Group-wide action.
With regard to individual risks associated with
Corporate CSR Committee
Report
Number of Reports or Consultations (in fiscal 2018)
Instructions Report
CSR Department
Nature of report or consultation Power harassment Personnel matters
Financial fraud
Number of cases 7
In addition, to achieve sustained improvements in profitability and enterprise value, the Kawasaki Group Mission Statement identifies risk management as a guiding theme of the Kawasaki Group Manage- ment Principles.
business execution, in accordance with company regulations such as the Major Project Risk Manage- ment Regulations, the relevant divisions must assess and analyze such risks in advance and fully consider appropriate responses. In particular, the Company practices even more thorough risk man- agement of major projects with significant impact on operations, including management, upon bidding and concluding agreements for the projects, as well as regular follow-up by the Head Office and internal companies as needed after the project begins.
Heads of business divisions (company presidents, etc.)
Feedback and follow-up
Reporting and Consultation
8 1 3 1 2 5
Instructions Report
Sexual harassment
Blackmail and harassment
Safety
Others
Total 27
Internal companies: Business segment CSR Committees
Compliance Department
Instructions Report
Reporting and Consultation, Expressing opinions
Responding to Major Risks
Business Divisions (including affiliates)
Employees
*Number of cases listed above refers to reports and consultations received, not those identified as violation of compliance practices.
To undertake integrated risk management on a Group-wide basis, divisions responsible for opera- tions re-check for the presence of risks and iden-
Guidance, education and enlightenment
Directors 13 people
Audit & supervisory board members
6 people
Total 19 people (including 6 people from outside)
Distribution of the Compliance Guidebook
We also broadly disseminate knowledge of case studies of potential issues for the Company, and promote learning and understanding of competition laws, through the issuance of guidebooks on compe- tition laws to our employees.
the 189th Ordinary General Meeting
of Shareholders held on June 27, 2012). The maximum amount of compensation for audit & supervisory board members is ¥120 million
per year (as resolved at the 194th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 28, 2017).
Compliance
Basic Stance
tives as members and is chaired by the Kawasaki president. The committee meets at least twice a year (three meetings in fiscal 2018). Its goals are to discuss and determine various measures designed to allow the Kawasaki Group to fulfill its corporate social responsibilities and ensure thorough compliance,
of Customers and Business Part- ners,” “Matters to Be Observed as a Corporate Citizen,” “Matters concerning Data Protection,” “Matters concerning Handling Financial Transactions,” “Matters concerning the Workplace,” and “Responsibilities of Managers.”
In the Kawasaki Group Management Principles, which target the entire Kawasaki Group, we set forth our corporate virtue of “recognizing social responsibility and coexisting harmoniously with the environment, society as a whole, local communities and individu- als,” and in the Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct, we ask each and every member of the Group to “earn the trust of the community through high ethi- cal standards and the example you set for others.”
and to monitor the achievement levels and status of compliance efforts. To ensure that the objectives of the Corporate CSR Committee extend to all corporate structures, business segments at the head office and internal companies hold CSR committee meetings at least twice a year, in their effort to promote compli- ance throughout the Group.
Compliance Guidebook
In fiscal 2018, we conducted Group-wide train- ing activities on overseas competition laws and bribery prevention laws. Fourteen sessions of
the training program were provided at the bases within the Group. Taking part were a total of 409 employees, including the Group’s overseas sales staff and executives involved in overseas business operations.
Furthermore, we have established the Kawasaki Heavy Industries Group Business Conduct Guideline and set ethical standards to be the basis of decisions. At the same time, our executives and employees are requested to comply with the content specified in the Conduct Guideline in the Regulations Concerning the Kawasaki Heavy Industries Group Business Conduct Guideline as a set of company regulations.
Compliance with Competition Laws
Compliance Reporting and Consultation System (whistle-blower system)
In certain situations, employees (including contract employees, temporary staff, and retired employees) of the Company and domestic consolidated subsidiar- ies who suspect a violation of compliance practices relating to their operations may find it difficult to report the situation or seek advice from superiors
Risk Management
The Kawasaki Group is focusing its efforts on com- pliance with competition (antimonopoly) laws.
Basic Stance
tify major ones that have the potential to exert a significant impact on operations (Group-level risks), as well as monitor the status of responses to these risks each year. Furthermore, they specify two to three risk items from among the ones identified that require Group-wide response measures, and specifically confirm the status of risk responses
Antimonopoly Law Compliance Guidebook

                 49
50
Developing and Utilizing Human Resources
Basic Stance
human resources. We will continue working to enhance measures toward global human resource development on a Group-wide basis through such means as supporting the development of local skilled employees at overseas sites.
above) by three-fold by 2020, compared with the level in fiscal 2015.
in good health both physically and mentally.” We established corporate safety education facil- ities, referred to as the “safety dojo,” and use them to promote safety awareness and provide basic knowledge of occupational safety to employees. In addition, the Company, jointly with the labor union and the health insurance association, carries out “Kawasaki Kenko-Chal- lenge (Health Challenge)” yearly to promote the health of employees and their family members. As a result of various initiatives, the Company was recognized as an outstanding company that promotes health and productivity management and was certified as one of the “2018 Health and Productivity Management Outstanding Orga- nizations (White 500).”
The Kawasaki Group considers its employees to be the most valuable resource to fulfill the Group Mission and achieve its business targets. In an effort to improve enterprise value in a sustainable manner by implementing the mission statement,
it is very important for each and every one of the approximately 35,000 human resources who are active around the world, regardless of nationality, gender, age, religion and any disabilities, to under- stand and share the Group Mission and Kawasaki Value, and to diligently attend to daily business based on the Kawasaki Group Code of Conduct.
Promotion of K-Win Activities
We are also committed to recruiting more people with disabilities and are actively hiring such people. We established a special subsidiary (Kawasaki Heartfelt Service Co., Ltd.) to cultivate an environment in which they can develop their full potential.
In particular, for us to “constantly achieve
new heights in technology,” as set forth in the Kawasaki Value, the development of human resources from a long-term perspective is essen- tial. Accordingly, the Group’s stance is that “the Kawasaki Group’s corporate culture is built on integrity, vitality, organizational strength and mutual respect for people through all levels of the Group. We nurture a global team for a global era,” as set forth in the Kawasaki Group Management Principles. With an aim of commitment to the prin- ciples of “human respect” and “health first” while achieving this stance, we focus on establishing workplaces that allow our diverse human resources to work securely, safely, and enthusias- tically with a sense of pride, and on developing human resources that contribute to the achieve- ment of our business strategy and the future of the global environment.
of administrative and technical personnel,” and “reducing long working hours” to prepare for the aging of society with a declining birthrate and changes in the management environment.
In order to increase enterprise value and pro- mote employees’ work-life balance, it is vital that diverse employees are able to demonstrate their capabilities and contribute to higher productivity. Toward this end, we have embraced “K-Win (Kawasaki Workstyle Innovation) Activities” throughout the Group to encourage new approaches to work.
Promotion of Diversity
Kawasaki Heartfelt Service Co., Ltd.,
a special subsidiary of the Company
established in September 2013,
obtained the Certification of Out-
standing Organization for Employment of People with Disabilities on March 29, 2018. The company was the ninth in Japan to receive the certification. It recognizes that the company takes advanced approaches to provide a workplace environment that supports retention of people with disabilities; promotes active and continuous hiring of people with disabilities; and is both a reliable and proso- cial enterprise that promotes active
characteristics of disabilities. The company will con- tinue providing a work environment where people with disabilities can work with job satisfaction and promoting business activities they can actively participate in.
Development of Global Human Resources
Diversity is an important management issue for the Company from the perspectives of making the best use of the capabilities of its diverse human resources, fairness, and risk avoidance. We are developing a working environment that makes
it possible to mutually recognize and take advan- tage not only of nationalities and genders, but also differences in sexual orientation, values, lifestyles, and other factors.
We have been implementing measures for global human resource development, with the aim of fur- thering the development of human resources in support of global business expansion. Specifically, we provide training designed to promote a readi- ness to deal with business from a global perspec- tive and teach useful skills for overseas business. Furthermore, we dispatch young and mid-career employees to external institutions and the Group’s affiliated companies through the overseas intern- ship system that is aimed at globalizing domestic
We are actively committed to hiring and pro- moting the participation of female employees in the Group. We are also working on the develop- ment of female
participation by people with disabilities.
The certification’s administration is entrusted by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare to
The Kawasaki Group has embraced K-Win Activities, which are an effort to promote workstyle reform in step with ongoing social trends. We set the objectives of the activities as “promotion of work-life balance,” “increasing the productivity
Furthermore, we created an LGBT handbook and distributed it across the Group, in an effort to promote correct knowledge and deepen under- standing among employees of sexual minorities. The aim is to foster a corporate culture that cre- ates a comfortable working environment for diverse human resources.
Specifically, these activities are focused on business reform by strengthening management
in the workplace and improving operational pro- cesses with a view to increasing productivity, organization climate reform by revitalizing the organization with the aim to promote creation
of innovations in the future and enhancement of employees’ motivation, and system reform through promotion of flexible approaches to work by plac- ing emphasis on productivity evaluation and intro- ducing a remote work (telecommuting) system to push forward the activities.
Realizing a Safe, Comfortable Workplace
All the Kawasaki Group employees are working on these activities so that the Group will achieve its growth strategies over the medium to long term and increase enterprise value.
Topics
human resources. Our target is to increase the number of female managers (at the level of sec- tion manager and
“Eruboshi (Grade 2)” Certification
Awarded “Kurumin Mark”
the Japan Association of Employers of Persons with Severe Disabilities. The certification is granted to companies that take outstanding initiatives
for promoting active participation of people with disabilities, including implementing employment management and reviewing employment patterns by taking into consideration the individual
People at work
Title: “Concentration” (Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare Award-winning Work [Photo Section]) Original photo for the campaign poster for people with disabilities employment promotion month for fiscal 2017 (Both the model and photographer are employees of Kawasaki Heartfelt Service Co., Ltd.)
With the principles of “human respect” and “health first,” the Company is conducting various safety and health manage-
ment activities, in order to
“create a workplace climate
that gives top priority to
safety and health and real-
ize a safe and comfortable
working environment that
enables employees to work
Certified as Health and Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations (White 500)
Training in the safety dojo
Kawasaki Heartfelt Service Co., Ltd. Obtained Certification of Outstanding Organization for Employment of People with Disabilities

                  51
52
Collaboration with Business Partners/Human Rights
Social Contribution
Collaboration with Business Partners
We will expand the circle of contribution that links to society and the future.
Basic Policies for Material Procurement
business partners of our basic stance toward mate- rial procurement.
The Kawasaki Group implements social contribution activities in various fields based on the Group Mission, “Kawasaki, working as one for the good of the planet.” The emphasis is put on making contri- butions to local communities, nurturing the next generation, and environmental conservation. The Group takes advantage of its strengths and the capabilities of each of its employees for the activities.
The Kawasaki Group conducts procurement activities based on the following Basic Policies for Material Procurement.
Basic Stance toward CSR Procurement
Please refer to our website for details.
Fair and Impartial Procurement We will provide broad and impartial opportunities for our business partners, and will make selections with integrity and good faith after conducting comprehensive and fair evaluations of quality, price, delivery schedule, tech- nological development capabilities, and other such factors.
While conducting the Group’s business activities, it is essential to conduct procurement activities in line with our stance toward CSR that includes consideration for human rights, labor issues, occupational safety and health, and the global environment, in addition to compliance.
Nurturing Next Generation × Support for Recovery
Relationships with Business Partners We seek to realize optimal quality, cost, and delivery schedule together with stable procurement by taking a long- term perspective to build relationships of trust with business partners with the aim of mutual enhance- ment of competitiveness and prosperity.
Accordingly, we have to gain the cooperation of our business partners, in addition to the Group, and actively promote CSR activities throughout the supply chain.
Compliance We will observe related statutes and reg- ulations as well as social norms. We will place infor- mation gained through procurement under appropri- ate controls, and will take thoroughgoing measures to protect confidential information and prevent leaks.
We have released the CSR Procurement Guidelines (originally published in 2012 and revised in 2018) on the website, where we describe our basic stance toward CSR procurement and our requests to our business partners. Additionally, we conducted a questionnaire-based survey with domestic business partners in fiscal 2017. About 1,400 business part- ners responded.
Make Your Own Ship!
Tohoku/Kobe Summer Rainbow Program
Consideration for Human Rights, Labor and Occupa- tional Safety and Health We will advance procure- ment activities that have consideration for human rights, the work environment and occupational safety and health.
Local Communities × Nurturing Next Generation
Local Communities ×Philanthropy
Harmony with the Global Environment Through Green Procurement We will advance procurement that has consideration for the global environment with respect to the materials used in products.
From fiscal 2019, we are going to have opportu- nities to explain our stance on CSR directly to our business partners and ask them to strengthen CSR efforts.
In addition, the Basic Policies for Material Procurement as well as the Code of Conduct for Dealing with Business Partners and the Policy Regarding Procurement of Conflict Minerals, which are in line with the objectives of the Basic Policies, are disclosed on our website. The site informs
In addition, we pursue CSR procurement on a global and Group-wide basis by disclosing our policies, which conform to each business, through the websites of the Group’s domestic and overseas companies.
Image ©The Metropolitan Museum of Art
Human Rights Initiatives
Expenditure on Social Contribution
(Millions of yen)
Respect for Human Rights and Policy on Prohibi- tion of Discrimination
The Kawasaki Group is committed to respecting the human rights of all people, as stated in the Kawasaki Heavy Industries Group Business Con- duct Guideline. We request our employees not to be complicit in not only any infringement of human rights in which companies are directly involved, but also those in which the Group is indirectly involved.
companies will ever employ such practices, with the signatures of the presidents of all Group com- panies, including those overseas, in the Declaration of the Abolition of Forced Labor and Child Labor. All Group companies, including those overseas, also prepared CSR Procurement Guidelines, which cover respect for human rights, and request business partners to have respect for human rights as well.
Category
Local communities
●
Others (including environment/ safety and accident prevention) 3.0%
● Local communities 39.7%
Initiatives for Human Rights and Labor
Expenditure as a proportion of recurring profit 0.65% 1.90% 1.55%
● Education
25.8%
We have confirmed that no company under the Group umbrella is involved in child labor or forced labor. We have declared that none of the Group
Note: Figures include donations, sponsorship contributions, goods and material supply, the cost of operations commissioned from external
CSR Procurement Initiatives
The Group will continuously promote CSR efforts throughout its entire supply chain with our business partners.
Kawasaki Good Times World, a Corporate Museum
Kawasaki Good Times Foundation
Recognizing that human rights constitute the Group’s materiality (material issues), we plan to exercise due diligence in line with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights from fiscal 2019 to further pursue human- rights initiatives.
14.9%
We have held handicraft workshops using our products as materials at an elementary school in Minamisanriku, Miyagi Prefecture.
In cooperation with the Ashinaga charity, we invited children orphaned by the Great East Japan Earthquake to Kobe and implemented a program to make summer memories, in collaboration with local companies.
The goal of this museum is to allow many people to expe- rience the “wonders of technology” and the “importance of craftsmanship,” while they enjoy learning and playing.
We operate a social contribution fund in the United States and make various donations to institutes for the arts and culture, such as the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, as well as charitable works.
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 258 300 266 Education 126 136 173 Industrial/economic development 64 95 100 Culture/sports 121 121 73
FY2018 composition ratio
Welfare/charity (including disaster relief)
20 22 38
16 23 20 Total 605 697 670
Others (including environment/ safety and accident prevention)
●
Industrial/ economic development
Recurring profit for the fiscal year 93,229 36,671 43,225
organizations, and the personnel cost of staff posted to external organizations (the portion covered by Kawasaki), etc. Figures exclude the personnel cost related to Kawasaki employees and costs related to the use of corporate facilities.
●
Welfare/charity
(including disaster relief) 5.7%
●
Culture/sports 10.9%

                                                                                                             53
54
Eleven-year Summary
Operating results
Net sales
¥1,226.9 ¥1,303.7 ¥1,288.8 ¥1,385.4 ¥1,486.1 ¥1,541.0 ¥1,518.8 ¥1,574.2 196.8 206.5 239.1 280.7 325.0 351.8 329.9 330.2 202.6 194.6 207.0 189.2 218.7 236.4 241.9 266.4
Financial position (at year-end)
Total assets Interest-bearing debt Net assets
Invested capital*5
1,378.7 1,399.7 1,352.4 276.4 389.2 428.9 319.0 295.2 283.0 589.6 679.7 705.9
1,354.2 1,362.1 1,466.2 1,554.4 1,662.2 1,620.4 1,687.3 1,785.0
Cash flows
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Free cash flows
Cash flows from financing activities
75.7 (41.2) (49.0) (72.2) 26.6 (113.5)
30.1 (63.2) (33.0) 35.9
151.7 127.6 86.0 93.5 56.0 (77.5) (67.3) (74.1) (64.8) (80.5) 28.9 18.7 (53.0) 74.1 60.2 11.8 28.6 (24.5)
Key performance indicators
Before-tax ROIC (Return on invested capital)*6 Return on equity (ROE)
Net D/E ratio
Net income per share*7
11.2% 11.6% 75.5%
4.5%
0.2% — 142.2%
6.0%
7.4%
6.1%
8.1% 11.0% 109.3% ¥230.9 ¥2,171.6 ¥60.0 25.9%
10.4% 12.9% 83.9%
9.4% 10.6% 82.5%
5.0%
3.9%
Aerospace*1
Gas Turbine & Machinery*1 Plant & Infrastructure*1 Precision Machinery*2 Ship & Offshore Structure Rolling Stock*3
Motorcycle & Engine*2 Other*3
89.0 122.8 115.8 103.8 121.1 135.6 160.8 124.4 140.3 175.0 130.4 123.2 135.7 133.1 155.2 198.9 118.4 113.5 90.3 80.8 90.3 94.8 103.2 95.6 131.1 132.6 129.9 147.9 121.5 146.6 137.1 141.7 234.4 235.2 251.8 322.2 329.2 333.5 313.0 331.6 114.0 123.2 124.2 137.2 144.2 108.8 77.4 85.0
Operating income [operating income margin] Aerospace*1
[2.1%] (1.3) [—] 3.7 [5.6%] 8.9 [8.5%] 7.9 [9.8%] 3.4 3.2 [2.3%] (1.0) [—] 1.5
[—] [1.9%] [4.6%] [7.3%] [4.1%] [1.0%] [5.8%] [—] [—]
42.6 [3.4%] 57.4 [4.4%] 42.0 [3.2%] 72.3 [5.2%] 87.2 [5.8%] 95.9 [6.2%] 45.9 [3.0%] 55.9 3.0 [1.5%] 7.8 [3.7%] 14.8 [6.1%] 26.2 [9.3%] 36.3 [11.1%] 45.6 [12.9%] 25.0 [7.5%] 20.9 9.5 [4.7%] 7.7 [3.9%] 7.0 [3.3%] 10.4 [5.5%] 11.2 [5.1%] 16.9 [7.1%] 15.2 [6.3%] 14.7 8.2 [9.3%] 14.1 [11.4%] 9.7 [8.4%] 6.3 [6.0%] 6.5 [5.4%] 8.5 [6.2%] 2.6 [1.6%] 2.9
Gas Turbine & Machinery*1 Plant & Infrastructure*1 Precision Machinery*2 Ship & Offshore Structure Rolling Stock*3
13.3 [7.2%] 10.8 [7.6%] 9.1 [10.8%]
11.0 8.9 8.3
22.3 [15.9%] 26.6 [15.2%] 8.4 [6.4%] 10.4 [8.4%] 10.9 [8.0%] 8.5 [6.4%] 13.1 [8.4%] 21.6
Motorcycle & Engine*2 Other*3
2.3
[2.2%]
4.2
[—] (2.9) [—] 2.3 [0.9%] 16.1 [4.9%] 14.9 [4.5%] 15.7 [4.7%] 11.7 [3.7%] 15.2 [2.2%] 3.8 [3.1%] 1.2 [1.0%] 4.4 [3.2%] 3.9 [2.7%] 2.8 [2.6%] 3.1 [4.0%] 2.9
[4.5%] [3.4%]
Recurring profit
EBIT*4
Income before income taxes
Profit attributable to owners of the parent
14.2 1.5
49.1 63.6 39.3 60.6 84.2 93.2 36.6 43.2 43.2 52.9 50.3 65.3 88.0 78.4 41.7 35.7 38.5 48.7 46.1 61.3 84.2 74.8 38.8 32.9 25.9 23.3 30.8 38.6 51.6 46.0 26.2 28.9
Research and development expenses Capital expenditures
Depreciation and amortization
36.2 38.2 38.0 50.5 82.4 59.2 37.4 44.3 51.4
37.0 39.9 41.7 40.3 41.6 43.6 43.6 45.4 55.3 63.9 78.6 87.7 80.0 76.3 82.7 82.1 50.2 48.9 48.3 37.8 44.5 49.0 51.5 56.1
¥210.8 ¥1,877.3 ¥50.0 Dividend payout ratio 23.7%
¥(65.1) ¥1,661.3 ¥30.0
¥308.9 ¥2,585.8 ¥100.0 32.3%
Net assets per share*7 Dividends per share*7
Number of employees (at year end) 30,563
32,266
32,297
32,706
33,267
34,010
34,620
35,471
34,605
35,127
35,805
*1 In fiscal 2019, reportable segments were reorganized: the Aerospace segment and the jet engine business of the Gas Turbine & Machinery segment became the Aerospace Systems segment, and the Plant & Infrastructure segment and the energy and marine-related businesses of the Gas Turbine & Machinery segment became the Energy System & Plant Engineering segment.
*3 The construction machinery business was included in the Rolling Stock segment before fiscal 2009, and it was included in the Other segment after fiscal 2010. However, this business was sold in fiscal 2016.
The actual figures for fiscal 2018, which were reclassified according to the reorganized reportable segments, are as follows: •The Aerospace Systems segment: net sales ¥469.5 billion, operating income (operating income margin) ¥30.8 billion (6.5%)
*4 EBIT = Income before income taxes + interest expense
*5 Invested capital = Interest-bearing debt + shareholders’ equity
*6 Before-tax ROIC = EBIT / Invested capital at year-end
*7 Effective as of October 1, 2017, a one-for-10 share consolidation was implemented for ordinary shares. Before fiscal 2017, the figures shown are the figures after the
The Energy System & Plant Engineering segment: net sales ¥251.6 billion, operating income (operating income margin) ¥7.6 billion (3.0%)
*2 Before fiscal 2009, the Motorcycle & Engine segment was the Consumer Products & Machinery segment and the Precision Machinery segment was the Hydraulic
share consolidation was implemented.
Machinery segment. The robot-related business was included in the Consumer Products & Machinery segment before fiscal 2009, but after fiscal 2010, it was included in the Precision Machinery segment, and from fiscal 2019, the segment name was changed to Precision Machinery & Robot segment.
(FY) 2008 2009 2010 ¥1,501.0 ¥1,338.5 ¥1,173.4 237.3 200.4 188.8 185.4 195.1 191.3 142.5 105.1 107.5 84.0 84.9 82.7 141.3 126.4 151.8 171.7 186.4 150.0 433.9 336.4 203.0 104.5 103.5 97.8
Billions of yen
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
76.9 [5.1%] 28.7 10.8 [4.5%] (4.1)
[3.5%] [6.3%] [5.5%] [2.3%]
7.1 [4.1%] 11.3 19.6 [4.5%] (10.1)
[6.0%] 8.7 [—] (27.0) [4.1%] (1.0)
(1.0) 8.1 (4.9) 2.5
[10.8%] [—] 3.9 [3.4%] 4.1 [4.6%] (2.0) [—] 2.6 [2.9%] (7.9) [—] (21.4) [—] (3.8) [—] [6.2%] 5.1 [3.8%] 2.2 [1.7%] 7.5 [5.1%] 6.0 [4.9%] 9.2 [6.3%] 3.4 [2.5%] (12.4) [—]
63.9
66.0
58.0 23.6 (3.8) 35.1 11.7 (10.8)
(27.3)
107.6
(18.8)
(26.8) 57.6
(62.5) (57.1) (23.4) (15.8) 37.7
38.7 30.2
3.8% 123.0% ¥70.2 ¥1,741.0 ¥30.0 42.6%
9.1% 132.1% ¥155.5 ¥1,730.3 ¥30.0 — 19.3%
7.8% 121.8% ¥139.5 ¥1,830.6 ¥50.0 35.8%
9.5% 131.9% ¥184.6 ¥2,023.2 ¥50.0 27.0%
¥275.6 ¥2,582.1 ¥120.0 43.5%
6.0% 78.9% ¥156.8 ¥2,617.3 ¥60.0 38.2%
6.4% 80.6% ¥173.0 ¥2,789.9 ¥60.0 34.6%
429.1 407.1 484.6 297.4 315.9 349.8 718.2 713.2 822.8
444.6 414.3 376.6 447.9 807.6 846.3
398.4 400.6 446.6 445.6 451.3 481.3 829.7 837.9 912.7
81.9 84.7 28.1 (52.9) (65.9) (81.1)

   55
56
Management Discussion & Analysis
Overview
As a result, the Group’s consolidated orders
volume of construction work related to subma- rines and other factors.
Consolidated net sales increased ¥0.2 billion year on year to ¥330.2 billion, due to the increase in sales to the Ministry of Defense and other factors, despite a decline in sales of component parts for commercial aircraft.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, the global economy was relatively lacking in vigor overall due to the economic slowdown in emerg- ing countries and resource-rich countries, along with other factors, despite the ongoing modest growth centered in the U.S., where the real econ- omy remains strong, and in China, where foreign and domestic demand was robust. In addition, uncertainty about future prospects for the real economy persists, including influence on corpo- rate activities due to Brexit, concerns about trade friction due to an expansion of protectionist poli- cies in the U.S., and other factors. Going forward, these risks with the potential to drag down the global economy must continue to be watched.
ous fiscal year to ¥1,608.0 billion, consolidated
Consolidated operating loss was ¥3.8 billion, a ¥17.6 billion improvement from the previous fis- cal year, when additional allowance for doubtful receivables was posted and there was an increase in provision for losses on construction contracts.
The Japanese economy has been recovering modestly, due to the modest increase in capital investment, the improvement in corporate earn- ings, and other factors. Going forward, the econ- omy is expected to grow modestly overall, but there is a possibility that economic policies enacted by countries around the world, especially the U.S., and geopolitical risks on the Korean Pen- insula and in other regions, could result in rapid and significant fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. As a result, foreign exchange rates must continue to be watched carefully.
As noted, consolidated net sales increased by ¥55.4 billion from the previous fiscal year to ¥1,574.2 billion. Overseas sales totaled ¥905.8 billion. By region, sales in the United States were ¥381.1 billion, sales in Europe accounted for ¥172.2 billion, sales in Asia outside Japan con- tributed ¥237.2 billion, and sales in other areas added ¥115.2 billion. The ratio of overseas sales to consolidated net sales increased by 0.2 per- centage points to 57.5%, compared to 57.3% in the previous fiscal year.
Asia, demand in emerging markets is increasing in tandem with the Japanese government’s efforts to promote infrastructure-related exports.
Amid such an operating environment, the Group’s orders received in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, increased versus the previous fiscal year, mainly in the Aerospace, Rolling
Stock and Precision Machinery segment. Net
sales increased overall, due to increases in the Precision Machinery, Gas Turbine & Machinery, and Motorcycle & Engine segments, despite a decline in the Plant & Infrastructure segment. Operating income and recurring profit both increased, due to higher profit in the Precision Machinery segment, improvement in the Ship & Offshore Structure segment, and other factors, despite the deterioration in the Rolling Stock segment in conjunction with worsening profitabil- ity on passenger railcars for the U.S. and other factors, including decreased profit in the Aero- space segment. Net income attributable to owners of parent increased as a result of extraordinary income (gain on sale of fixed assets), reduced
tax expenses due to the recognition of deferred tax assets related to losses in a shipbuilding
joint venture project in Brazil, and other factors, despite the posting of extraordinary loss in con- junction with the termination of a shipbuilding contract for an offshore service vessel.
Ship & Offshore Structure
Consolidated net sales increased ¥4.6 billion year on year to ¥141.7 billion due to the increase of sales in the domestic market, despite a decline of overseas sales such as in North America, Asia and other countries.
Consolidated net sales increased ¥24.5 billion year on year to ¥266.4 billion due to the increase in component parts of aircraft engines and other factors.
received increased ¥259.3 billion from the previ-
net sales increased ¥55.4 billion year on year to
¥1,574.2 billion, consolidated operating income
increased ¥9.9 billion year on year to ¥55.9 bil-
Consolidated operating income fell ¥4.1 billion year on year to ¥20.9 billion due to the decline in profitability of component parts for commercial aircraft and other factors.
lion, consolidated recurring profit rose by ¥6.5
billion year on year to ¥43.2 billion, and net
Rolling Stock
income attributable to owners of parent increased
With respect to the business environment sur- rounding the Rolling Stock segment, there contin- ues to be stable demand in Japan for the replace- ment of aging railcars. In North America, while there have been some changes to railcar order plans in the New York area, which is the core market, demand for new and replacement railcars have been increasing. Meanwhile, in
¥2.7 billion year on year to ¥28.9 billion. ROIC*
Gas Turbine & Machinery
was 3.9%, while ROE was 6.4%.
Concerning the business environment surround- ing the Gas Turbine & Machinery segment, in
the aircraft field, demand for aircraft engines is increasing due to growth in demand for commer- cial aircraft based on the increase in the number of air passengers. In the energy and environmen- tal field, although there is large potential demand for distributed power sources in Japan, invest- ment plans are slightly delayed in connection with the liberalization of electricity. Meanwhile, overseas, demand for distributed power sources is increasing due to stronger interest in invest- ment in the environment and energy conserva- tion among other factors.
* Before-tax ROIC = EBIT (income before income taxes + interest expense) / invested capital (interest-bearing debt + sharehold- ers’ equity)
Results of Operations
Net Sales
The following sections supply additional details on the consolidated performance of each business segment. Please note that operating income or loss includes intersegment transactions.
Amid such an operating environment, consolidated orders received rose by ¥98.5 billion from the previous fiscal year, when rolling stock for a domestic subway and other orders were received, to ¥257.1 billion, due to receiving large-scale orders, such as for new generation subway cars for New York City Transit and for rolling stock for a high-speed railway (MRT) in Bangladesh.
Amid such an operating environment, consoli- dated orders received declined ¥12.2 billion year on year to ¥248.1 billion due to a decline in gas engine power plants for the domestic market and other factors.
With respect to the business environment sur- rounding the Ship & Offshore Structure segment, while new-build vessel prices are recovering after bottoming out and demand for gas-fueled vessels has been increasing in conjunction with the tightening of environmental regulations, com- petition remains intense due to factors including the pushing back of demand for LNG carriers due to a delay in LNG development projects and the continuation of policies by the Chinese and South Korean governments to support their domestic shipbuilding industries.
Operating income declined ¥15.9 billion
year on year to an operating loss of ¥12.4 billion due to a provision for losses on construction contracts for passenger railcars for the Long Island Railroad in the U.S., expenses for replacing the N700 series Shinkansen bogie frame and other factors.
Operating income was ¥14.7 billion, a ¥0.5 billion decrease from the previous fiscal year due to a decrease in highly profitable orders in the energy segment, despite an increase in sales.
Amid such an operating environment, consoli- dated orders received were ¥4.7 billion, a ¥32.2 billion year on year decline from the previous fiscal year when orders for submarines were received, due to the termination of a shipbuilding contract for an offshore service vessel, despite receiving orders for LPG carriers and Kawasaki JETFOIL during the period.
Concerning the business environment surround- ing the Aerospace segment, there is a certain level of demand from the Ministry of Defense in Japan despite the tight defense budget, while demand for new and replacement commercial aircraft is increasing in conjunction with a rise in the number of air passengers.
Amid such an operating environment, consoli- dated orders received increased ¥5.0 billion year on year to ¥100.1 billion due to the increase in refuse incineration plants and operations, despite overseas orders decreasing.
Consolidated net sales fell ¥7.5 billion year on year to ¥95.6 billion, due to a decline in the
Amid such an operating environment, consolidated orders received increased ¥137.3 billion year on year to ¥374.4 billion due to the remaining high level of demand for component parts for commercial aircraft and an increase in demand from the Ministry of Defense.
Consolidated net sales fell ¥36.4 billion year on year to ¥124.4 billion due to the decline in the
Aerospace
In the business environment surrounding the Plant & Infrastructure segment, in addition to the recovery in resource development and oil and natural gas related investment overseas arising from the rise in crude oil prices, there is still a demand for energy infrastructure maintenance
in Asia. In Japan, there is ongoing demand for the replacement of aging facilities of refuse incinera- tion plants and industrial machinery.
Plant & Infrastructure

       57
58
volume of construction work on a chemical plant for an overseas market and other factors. Despite the drop in sales, operating income
Cost, Expenses, and Earnings
owners of parent was partly offset by dividend payments and other factors.
Management Indicators
was ¥2.9 billion, a ¥0.3 billion increase from the previous year when there was an increase in provision for loss on construction contracts.
Cost of sales increased by ¥40.8 billion from the previous fiscal year to ¥1,319.7 billion. As a result, gross profit increased by ¥14.6 billion to ¥254.5 billion and the gross profit margin increased by 0.3 percentage points to 16.1% from 15.8% in the previous fiscal year.
The ratio of shareholders’ equity to total assets increased by 0.2 percentage points to 26.1% from 25.9% at the end of the previous fiscal year. In addition, the net debt-to-equity ratio deteriorated 1.7 percentage points from 78.9% to 80.6% as of March 31, 2018.
As target management indicators, the Company has adopted Earnings (Operating income, Recurring profit, Profit attributable to owners of parent)
and Return on Invested Capital [ROIC = EBIT (Income before income taxes + Interest expense) / Invested Capital (Interest-bearing debt + Share- holders’ equity)] as indicators for measuring capital efficiency.
Motorcycle & Engine
Regarding the business environment surrounding the Motorcycle & Engine segment, the modest growth in motorcycle markets in developed countries continues, and the decline in demand for motorcycles in emerging countries is signaling a bottoming out. With respect to utility vehicles, the market continues to grow stably mainly in North America, and the general-purpose engine market is also growing steadily.
Selling, general and administrative expenses grew ¥4.6 billion to ¥198.6 billion, primarily because of higher salaries and benefits and R&D expenses.
Cash Flows
Amid such an operating environment, consolidated net sales increased ¥18.6 billion year on year to ¥331.6 billion due to the increase in motorcycles and vehicles for developed coun- tries and general-purpose engines, despite the decline in motorcycles for emerging markets.
Operating income, as noted, increased by
¥9.9 billion to ¥55.9 billion. The ratio of operating income to net sales increased by 0.5 percentage points to 3.5%, from 3.0% in the previous fiscal year.
Operating activities provided net cash of ¥56.0 billion, a ¥37.4 billion decrease from the previous fiscal year. Major sources of operating cash flow included income before income taxes of ¥32.9 billion and depreciation and amortization of ¥56.1 billion. Major uses of operating cash flow included expenditure of ¥35.5 billion due to an increase in trade receivables and expenditures
The Company’s group-wide businesses are segmented and subdivided into Business Units (hereinafter referred to as “BUs”), and ROIC man- agement is applied to each and every BU. Those BUs not clearing the ROIC hurdle rate (minimum required level) are required to take practical actions for clearing the hurdle rate early. On the other hand, those BUs already clearing the ROIC hurdle rate are encouraged to achieve the ROIC level for the top market leader and, while taking initiatives to enhance Economic Value Added (EVA), improve the enterprise value of the entire group.
Consolidated operating income increased ¥3.5 billion year on year to ¥15.2 billion due to the increase in sales.
As a result, after deduction of profit attribut- able to non-controlling interests, profit attribut- able to owners of parent increased by ¥2.7 billion from the previous fiscal year to ¥28.9 billion. The ratio of profit attributable to owners of parent to net sales increased by 0.1 percentage points to 1.8% from 1.7% in the previous fiscal year. ROE (calculated using average total shareholders’ equity) increased by 0.4 percentage points to 6.4% from 6.0% in the previous year.
of property, plant and equipment, as well as intangible assets.
With the improvement of these management indicators, the Company also seeks to improve its Return on Equity (ROE = Profit attributable to owners of parent / Shareholders’ equity).
Precision Machinery
Free cash flow, which is the net amount
of cash from operating and investing activities, showed a net outflow of ¥24.5 billion, against a net inflow of ¥28.6 billion in the previous fiscal year.
With respect to the business environment sur- rounding the Precision Machinery segment, the construction machinery market is brisk, centered on robust demand for heavy-duty excavators in China, and our construction machinery manufac- turers, which are our customers, are competing to increase production. As for robots, in addition to increased demand in the automotive and semiconductor fields, demand is growing due
Dividends
to the expanded use of industrial robots caused by a shortage of workers.
Financial Conditions
Given these changes in cash flows, cash and cash equivalents at end of year settled at ¥64.3 billion, up ¥13.6 billion from the beginning of the year.
that one priority for management is to engage in cutting-edge research and development as well as innovative capital investment required to achieve future growth and thereby return profits to share- holders by enhancing shareholder value over the long term.
Amid such an operating environment, consolidated orders received increased ¥40.2 billion year on year to ¥207.1 billion due to the increase in hydraulic components for construc- tion machinery and various industrial robots.
Total assets at March 31, 2018 were ¥1,785.0 billion, a ¥97.6 billion increase from March 31, 2017. Current assets increased ¥70.4 billion year on year to ¥1,148.3 billion, due to an increase in trade receivables. Fixed assets increased ¥27.1 billion year on year to ¥636.7 billion, primarily due to an increase in holdings of property, plant and equipment because of capital investment.
Management of Liquidity Risk
In order to maintain a good balance between enhancing shareholder value and returning profits to shareholders through dividends, the Company has set a medium- to long-term consolidated payout ratio standard of 30% corresponding to the consolidated profit attributable to owners of parent and in light of both the outlook for future earnings and a comprehensive examination of its financial condition, including its free cash flow, D/E ratio (debt-to-equity ratio) and other factors.
Consolidated net sales increased ¥43.7 billion year on year to ¥198.9 billion due to an increase in sales of hydraulic components for construction machinery and various industrial robots.
To manage liquidity risk comprehensively, the Finance Department formulates and renews financial plans in a timely fashion based on reports from each business segment. In addition, measures are taken to diversify sources of financing, adjust the balance of long- and short-term financing with consideration for financial conditions and secure commitment lines (credit limit of ¥54.0 billion, immediate activation possible) and commercial paper (issuance limit of ¥150.0 billion).
Consolidated operating income increased ¥8.5 billion year on year to ¥21.6 billion due to the increase in sales.
Consolidated liabilities increased ¥67.6 billion year on year to ¥1,303.6 billion at March 31, 2018, due to an increase in interest-bearing lia- bilities such as long-term debt and other factors. Interest-bearing liabilities increased ¥45.9 billion year on year to ¥446.6 billion.
The Company has a basic policy of distributing surplus retained earnings as dividends twice a year, once after the fiscal second quarter and once after the fiscal year-end. Interim dividends are authorized by the Board of Directors, while year-end dividends are authorized at the general meetings of shareholders.
Other
Consolidated net sales increased ¥7.6 billion year on year to ¥85.0 billion.
Consolidated net assets increased ¥30.0 billion year on year to ¥481.3 billion, as the increase due to the posting of net income attributable to
Consolidated net operating income decreased ¥0.2 billion year on year to ¥2.9 billion.
Other expenses, net deteriorated to ¥22.9 billion from ¥7.0 billion in the previous fiscal year due to factors that included the posting of extraordinary loss with the termination of a ship- building contract for an offshore service vessel.
of ¥26.4 billion due to an increase in inventories. Investing activities used net cash of ¥80.5 billion, which is ¥15.7 billion more than in the previous fiscal year, due mainly to requisition
Capital expenditures came to ¥82.1 billion, down from ¥82.7 billion in the previous fiscal year. R&D expenses were ¥45.4 billion, up from ¥43.6 billion in the previous fiscal year.
Financing activities provided net cash of ¥37.7 billion, which is ¥53.6 billion more than in the previous fiscal year when ¥15.8 billion was used. This was due mainly to an increase in proceeds due to a net increase in short-term debt and the increase in proceeds from long-term debt.
As a basic management policy, the Company aims to increase corporate value by consistently gener- ating profit exceeding the cost of invested capital. In line with this policy, the Company believes

                                                                                                                                                             59
60
Consolidated Balance Sheets
KAWASAKI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES At March 31, 2018 and 2017
Assets
Current assets:
Cash on hand and in banks (Note 19) Receivables:
Liabilities and Net Assets
Current liabilities:
Trade
Other
Allowance for doubtful receivables
470,110 16,346
444,633 18,936
4,423,732 153,815
Trade payables (Note 8)
Electronically recorded obligations
Advances from customers
Income taxes payable (Note 18)
Accrued bonuses
Provision for product warranties
Provision for losses on construction contracts (Note 9) Deferred tax liabilities (Note 18)
Other current liabilities
6,042 19,903 13,000 18,258
4,295 20,288 12,175 18,103
56,855 187,287 122,329 171,807
Inventories (Notes 5 and 9)
504,739
484,862
4,749,590
244 125,459 869,643
22 119,019 843,442
2,296 1,180,572 8,183,335
Deferred tax assets (Note 18) Other current assets
32,546
26,566
306,257
Total current assets
56,196 1,148,322
50,043 1,077,835
528,806 10,805,702
Long-term liabilities:
Long-term debt, less current portion (Note 8) Liability for retirement benefits (Note 10) Deferred tax liabilities (Note 18)
Other
317,382 86,836 8,942 20,839 433,999
279,043 81,563 8,476 23,512 392,594
2,986,562 817,126 84,144 196,095 4,083,927
Property, plant and equipment (Note 8):
Land 62,694
Total long-term liabilities
Buildings and structures Machinery, equipment and others Construction in progress
431,466 763,775 25,724 1,283,659
64,743 420,590 735,854
589,950 4,060,092 7,187,118
Contingent liabilities (Note 11)
Accumulated depreciation
Net property, plant and equipment
(803,861) 479,798
(780,438) 461,882
(7,564,325) 4,514,897
Common stock: Authorized—336,000,000 shares Issued—167,080,532 shares in 2018
Investments and intangible and other assets: Investments in securities (Notes 6, 7 and 8) Deferred tax assets (Note 18)
Intangible assets
Retained earnings
Treasury stock—33,049 shares in 2018
513,541 2,898,382
Allowance for doubtful receivables Net defined benefit asset (Note 10) Other (Note 8)
(3,685) 88
86 25,215 147,646
(34,675) 828 132,934 1,476,502
Accumulated other comprehensive income:
Net unrealized gains on securities, net of tax Deferred gains (losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments Accumulated adjustments for retirement benefits
3,527 403 719
3,232 (1,182) (341) (10,692) (8,983)
33,190 3,792 6,765
Total investments and intangible and other assets
14,127 156,908
Total accumulated other comprehensive income Non-controlling interests
(5,532) (883)
(52,056) (8,309)
Total assets
¥1,785,028
¥1,687,363
$16,797,101
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
15,324 481,386 ¥1,785,028
14,080 451,327 ¥1,687,363
144,198 4,529,839 $16,797,101
The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
¥
70,632
¥
55,388
$
664,646
Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt (Note 8)
¥
129,261 245,398 117,772 194,306
¥
121,648 240,572 101,449 205,871
$
1,216,345 2,309,193 1,108,233 1,828,418
2018
2017
2018
2018
2017
2018
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
(2,247) 484,209
(2,593) 460,976
(21,144) 4,556,403
93,114 37,086 16,178
85,289 36,499 15,284 (14,727)
876,202 348,979 152,234
—25,910 shares in 2017 Total shareholders’ equity
(124) 466,945
(95) 446,230
(1,166) 4,393,950
21,133 1,242,320
242,062 12,079,222
Net assets (Note 12): Shareholders’ equity:
Total current liabilities
—167,080,532 shares in 2017 Capital surplus
104,484 54,574 308,011
104,484 54,393 287,448
983,193

                                                                           61
62
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income
KAWASAKI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES For the years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
Consolidated Statements of Income
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
2018 Net sales ¥ 1,574,242
¥ 1,518,830 (1,278,907)
2016
¥ 1,541,096
2018
$ 14,813,606
Net income
Other comprehensive income (loss):
2018 ¥31,347
¥27,925
2016
¥ 47,678
2018 $294,975
Cost of sales (Note 13) (1,319,715)
(1,253,691) 287,405
(12,418,509) 2,395,097
Gross profit
254,527
239,923
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities
338 1,616
559 (1,844) (3,742)
(910) 2,649
3,180 15,206
Selling, general and administrative expenses (Note 14)
Deferred gains (losses) on hedges
Operating income Other income (expenses):
(198,602) 55,925
(193,963) 45,960
(191,409) 95,996
(1,868,844) 526,253
Foreign currency translation adjustments
(1,085) 5,171
(11,763) 8,777 (12,155)
(10,209) 48,659
Interest and dividend income
1,011
1,100
1,164
9,513
Share of other comprehensive income of associates accounted for using equity method
2,296
(6,340) (5,269) (2,590) (27,448)
21,605
Equity in income of nonconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates
4,492 (2,794) (25,635)
5,537 (2,859) (10,865)
2,876 (3,637) (21,567)
42,269 (26,291) (241,224)
Total other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 16) Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to:
8,336 39,683
78,441 373,416
Interest expense
Other expenses, net (Note 15)
25,335
20,230
Income before income taxes
32,999
38,873
74,832
310,520
Owners of the parent company Non-controlling interests
37,015 ¥ 2,668
24,273 ¥ 1,062
19,412 818
348,311 $ 25,105
Income taxes (Note 18) Current
(11,634) 9,982 31,347
(7,471)
(20,154) (7,000)
(109,475) 93,930 294,975
Deferred Net income
(3,477) 27,925
Yen
U.S. dollars (Note 1)
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests
2,432 28,915
1,721 26,204
1,635 46,043
22,886 272,089
¥173.1 5.0
¥156.9 11.0
¥275.6 12.0
$1.63 0.05
Profit attributable to owners of parent ¥
The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
Millions of yen 2017
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
Millions of yen 2017
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
¥
¥
$
47,678
Per share amounts (Notes 17 and 20) Net income per share - basic
Cash dividends
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
¥

                                                                                                           63
64
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
KAWASAKI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES For the years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
Balance at March 31, 2015
Net income for the year Treasury stock purchased, net Cash dividends
167,080 — — — — — — 167,080 — — — — — — 167,080 — — — — — — 167,080
¥104,484 — — — — — — ¥104,484 — — — — — — ¥104,484 — — — — — — ¥104,484
¥54,393 — — — 1 — — ¥54,394 — — —
¥253,606 ¥ (67)
¥412,416 46,043
net of tax on hedges ¥3,704 ¥(1,985)
¥ 25,179 — — — — —
¥ (7,318) —
¥ 19,580 — — — — —
¥15,961 — — — — —
¥447,957 46,043
Loss on sales of treasury stock
Increase (decrease) due to changes in fiscal period of consolidated subsidiary Other
(20,047) —
— 2 — —
3 25 — ¥438,419 26,204
3 25
Balance at March 31, 2016
Net income for the year Treasury stock purchased, net Cash dividends
25 — ¥279,627 26,204 —
¥ (86) —
(999) 2,678 ¥2,705 ¥ 693 — — — — — — — — — —
(16,189) ¥ 8,990
(12,121) ¥(19,439)
(26,631) ¥ (7,051)
(1,704) ¥14,257 — — — — —
(28,335) ¥445,625 26,204
Loss on sales of treasury stock Change in the scope of consolidation Other
(1) — —
1 — —
0 (7) —
0 (7) (2,109)
Balance at March 31, 2017
Net income for the year Treasury stock purchased, net Cash dividends
¥54,393
(7)
— ¥287,448 ¥ (95)
¥446,230
527 (1,875) ¥3,232 ¥(1,182)
¥
(9,331) 8,747 (341) ¥(10,692)
(1,932) ¥ (8,983)
(177) ¥14,080 — — — — — 1,244 ¥15,324
¥451,327
Loss on sales of treasury stock
Capital increase of consolidated subsidiaries Other
(8,352) —
(0) — 0 0
0 181 9,344 ¥481,386
Balance at March 31, 2018
¥54,574
¥308,011 ¥(124)
¥ 719
¥ (5,532)
Balance at March 31, 2017
Net income for the year Treasury stock purchased, net Cash dividends
$983,193
$511,837 $2,704,884 $ (893) $4,199,021 $30,412 $(11,122) $(3,208) $(100,611) $(84,529) $132,492 $4,246,984
Loss on sales of treasury stock
Capital increase of consolidated subsidiaries Other
(0) — 0 0 — — — — — — 0 1,704 — — 1,704 — — — — — — 1,704 — — — — 2,778 14,914 9,973 48,555 76,220 11,706 87,926 $513,541 $2,898,382 $(1,166) $4,393,950 $33,190 $ 3,792 $ 6,765 $ (52,056) $ (8,309) $144,198 $4,529,839
Balance at March 31, 2018
$983,193
The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
Number of shares of common stock (Thousands)
Common stock
Capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
Total shareholders’ equity
Net unrealized Deferred gains (losses) gains on securities, (losses)
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Accumulated adjustments for retirement benefits
Total accumu- lated other comprehensive income
Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Common stock
Capital surplus
Retained Treasury earnings stock
comprehensive Non—controlling income interests
Total net assets
— — — — — —
— 272,089 — 272,089 — — (273) (273) — (78,591) — (78,591)
—— — —— — —— —
— — — 272,089 ———(273) — — — (78,591)
— — —
28,915 — — (29)
28,915 (29) (8,352)
— — — — — — — — — —
— — — — — — — — — —
— — — — —
28,915 (29) (8,352)
Shareholders’ equity
Millions of yen
Accumulated other comprehensive income
46,043 —
— (21)
(21) (20,047)
— — — — — — — — — —
— — — —
(21) (20,047)
(18,376) —
(10) —
(10) (18,376)
— — — — — — — — — —
— — — — —
(10) (18,376)
181 — — ———
181 — ¥466,945
295 1,585 ¥3,527 ¥ 403
1,060 5,160
8,100 ¥ (883)
Shareholders’ equity
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Accumulated other comprehensive income
Total shareholders’ equity
Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities, net of tax
Deferred gains (losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Accumulated adjustments for retirement benefits
Total accumu- lated other

                                                                                                                                            65
66
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
KAWASAKI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES For the years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
Cash flows from operating activities:
Cash flows from investing activities:
Income before income taxes
¥
32,999 ¥ 38,873 ¥ 74,832
$
310,520
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Adjustments to reconcile net income before income taxes and non-controlling interests to net cash
¥(82,238)
¥(69,341)
¥(79,463)
$(773,859)
provided by (used for) operating activities:
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
6,452 (512)
4,810 (1,208) 1,841
1,202 (173)
60,713 (4,817)
Depreciation and amortization
56,137 13,324
51,564 49,004
528,248 125,378
Acquisition of investments in securities
Increase (decrease) in liability for retirement benefits
3,537 (4,852)
(3,043) (935)
Proceeds from sales of investments in securities
342 (3,408)
702 (1,601)
3,218 (32,069)
Increase (decrease) in accrued bonuses
(387)
(3,641)
Acquisition of investments in subsidiaries and affiliates
(625)
Increase (decrease) in allowance for doubtful receivables
1,093 814
4,872 (385)
(857) 1,590
10,285 7,659
Proceeds from sales of investments in subsidiaries and affiliates
—
966 —
— 5,390
—
Increase (decrease) in provision for product warranties
Proceeds from sale of business (Note 19)
Other (1,226)
— (11,537)
Increase (decrease) in provision for losses on construction contracts
(1,322)
(242) (74,185)
Loss (gain) on sales of property, plant, and equipment
11,029 (2,606)
10,185 (3,077)
2,228 (3,155)
103,782 (24,522)
Net cash used for investing activities Cash flows from financing activities:
(80,590)
(64,879)
(758,351)
Equity in income of non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates
(4,492) (1,011) 2,794
(5,537) (1,100) 2,859
(2,876) (1,164) 3,637
(42,269) (9,513)
Increase (decrease) in short-term debt Proceeds from long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt Proceeds from issuance of bonds Redemption of bonds payable
16,363
(20,843) 31,734 (16,946) 20,000 (10,000) (18,351)
4,132 19,648
153,975
Interest and dividend income
64,363 (42,694) 20,000 (10,000)
605,656 (401,751) 188,199
Interest expense
26,291 — —
(25,651) 20,000 (20,000) (20,022)
Gain on transfer of business
— —
— —
(901) 19,298
Loss on overseas business
(94,099) (78,808) (13,484)
Losses from the termination of a shipbuilding contract for an offshore service vessel
Cash dividends paid
Cash dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders
Other (454)
Changes in assets and liabilities: Decrease (increase) in:
(765) (679)
(1,527) 20
(4,273)
Trade receivables
Inventories (26,443)
(64,605) 7,453 7,838
(7,657) (19,719) (5,860) (2,670)
(334,205) (248,828)
Advance payments
6,103 (22,937)
57,429 (215,837)
Other current assets Increase (decrease) in:
(1,272)
410
543
3,858
Trade payables
Advances from customers Other current liabilities
21,569 (10,092)
20,743 35,565 1,468
(5,441) 7,433 5,003
202,964 (94,965)
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
13,640 50,722
13,328 37,832
(9,887) 47,721
128,352 477,293
Other, net Subtotal
63,066 4,166
(557) 103,572 5,870
(444) 108,303 6,745
593,450 39,202
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents due
to changes in fiscal period of consolidated subsidiaries
— 64,362
— 50,722
(2) ¥ 37,832
— 605,645
Cash received for interest and dividends Cash paid for interest
Cash paid for income taxes
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
¥
¥
$
Net cash provided by operating activities
(8,387)
¥ 56,050 ¥ 93,514 ¥ 86,059
(78,922) $ 527,430
Supplemental information on cash flows: Cash and cash equivalents:
2018
2016
2018 
2018
2016
2018 
12,833
—
—
120,758
(8,375) (1,433)
(35,516)
8,644 (789)
81,339 (7,423)
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents arising from exclusion of consolidated subsidiaries
—
(438)
—
—
(2,795)
(2,827) (13,101)
(3,817) (25,172)
(26,300)
Millions of yen 2017
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
Millions of yen 2017
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
Net cash used for financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes
37,770
(15,850)
(23,400) 1,639
355,415
Cash on hand and in banks in the balance sheets Time deposits with maturities over three months
¥ ¥
70,632 (6,270)
¥
55,388 (4,666)
¥ 42,157 (4,325)
$ $
664,646 (59,001)
Total (Note 19)
64,362
¥
50,722
¥ 37,832
605,645
The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
—

     67
68
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
KAWASAKI HEAVY INDUSTRIES, LTD. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
1.
Basis of presenting consolidated financial statements
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. (the “Company”) and its consolidated subsidiaries (together the “Companies”) have been prepared from the financial statements filed with the Prime Minister as required by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act in Japan and in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan (“Japanese GAAP”), which are different in certain respects as to the application and disclosure requirements from International Financial Reporting Standards. Certain reclassifications have been made in the accompanying consolidated financial statements to facilitate understanding by readers outside Japan.
(f) Cash and cash equivalents
2.
Inventories are stated mainly at the historical cost computed using the specific identification cost method, the moving average cost method or the first-in, first-out method. The ending balance of inventories is measured at the lower of cost or market.
Significant Accounting Policies
(a) Principles of consolidation
(j) Investments in securities
The translations of the Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts are included solely for the convenience of readers outside Japan, using the prevailing exchange rate at March 31, 2018, which was ¥106.27 to U.S.$1.00. The translations should not be construed as representations that the Japa- nese yen amounts have been, could have been or could in the future be converted into U.S. dollars at this or any other rate of exchange.
(h) Assets and liabilities arising from derivative transactions
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and signifi- cant companies over which the Company has power of control through majority voting rights or the existence of certain other conditions evidencing control. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and 93 subsidiaries (93 in the year ended March 31, 2017 and 99 in 2016). The aggregate amount of total assets, net sales, net income and retained earnings of the excluded subsidiaries would not have had a material effect on the consolidated financial statements
The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries classify securities as (a) debt securities intended to be held to maturity (hereafter, “held-to-maturity debt securities”), (b) equity securities issued by subsid- iaries and affiliated companies and (c) all other securities (hereafter, “available-for-sale securities”). There were no trading securities at March 31, 2018, 2017 or 2016. Held-to-maturity debt securities are stated mainly at amortized cost. Equity securities issued by subsidiaries and affiliated companies which are not consolidated or accounted for using the equity method are stated at moving average cost. Available-for-sale securities with available fair market values are stated at fair market value. Unrealized gains and unrealized losses on these securities are reported, net of applicable income taxes, as a separate component of net assets. Realized gains and losses on the sale of such securities are computed using moving average cost. Other securities with no available market value are stated at moving average cost.
if they had been included in the consolidation.
(b) Application of the equity method of accounting
Investments in nonconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates over which the Company has the ability
to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies are accounted for by the equity method. For the year ended March 31, 2018, 17 affiliates (18 in 2017 and 20 in 2016) were accounted for by the equity method. For the year ended March 31, 2018, investments in 13 affiliates (12 in 2017 and 11 in 2016) were stated at cost without applying the equity method of accounting.
If the equity method had been applied for these investments, the net income and retained earnings of these excluded subsidiaries and affiliates would not have had a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
If the market value of held-to-maturity debt securities, equity securities issued by nonconsoli- dated subsidiaries or affiliated companies or available-for-sale securities declines significantly, such securities are stated at market value, and the difference between the market value and the carrying amount is recognized as loss in the period of the decline. If the market value of equity securities issued by a nonconsolidated subsidiary or affiliated company not subject to the equity method is not readily available, the securities should be written down to net asset value with a corresponding charge in the statements of income in the event the net asset value declines significantly. In these cases, the market value or the net asset value will be the carrying amount of the securities at the beginning of the next year.
(c) Consolidated subsidiaries’ fiscal year-end
The fiscal year-end of 29 consolidated subsidiaries (28 in 2017 and 26 in 2016) is December 31. These subsidiaries are consolidated as of December 31, and significant transactions for the period between December 31 and March 31, the Company’s fiscal year-end, are adjusted for on consolidation.
(k) Property, plant and equipment
(d) Foreign currency translation
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed mainly by the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset.
Receivables and payables denominated in foreign currencies are translated into Japanese yen at year-end rates. The balance sheets of the consolidated overseas subsidiaries are translated into Japanese yen at year-end rates, except for shareholders’ equity accounts, which are translated at historical rates. The income statements of the consolidated overseas subsidiaries are translated at average rates. The Company and its domestic subsidiaries report foreign currency translation adjust- ments in net assets.
(l) Intangible assets
(e) Revenue recognition
(m) Accrued bonuses
<Sales of products and construction contracts>
Accrued bonuses for employees are provided for based on the estimated amount of payment.
The percentage-of-completion method is applied to construction contracts if the outcome of the construction activity is deemed certain during the course of the activity. Otherwise, the completed contract method is applied.
(n) Provision for product warranties
Cash on hand, readily available deposits and short-term highly liquid and low risk investments with maturities not exceeding three months at the time of purchase are considered to be cash and cash equivalents in preparing the consolidated statements of cash flows.
(g) Allowance for doubtful receivables
An allowance for possible losses from notes and accounts receivable, loans and other receivables is provided based on past experience and the Companies’ estimates of losses on collection.
Assets and liabilities arising from derivative transactions are stated at fair value.
(i) Inventories
Amortization of intangible assets, including software for the Company’s own use, is computed by the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset.
An equivalent amount of goodwill is amortized by the straight-line method over the period the Company benefits from its use. If the amount is not significant, it is expensed when incurred.
The provision for product warranties is based on past experience or provided separately when it can be reasonably estimated.

                  69
70
3.
5. Inventories
Accounting standards issued but not yet adopted
The following guidance was issued but not yet adopted.
• “Implementation Guidance on Tax Effect Accounting” (ASBJ Guidance No. 28, February 16, 2018)
• “Implementation Guidance on Recoverability of Deferred Tax Assets” (ASBJ Guidance No. 26 (revised
Millions of yen 2018 2017
Thousands of U.S. dollars
(o) Provision for losses on construction contracts
(c) Effects of application of the standards
A provision for losses on construction contracts at the fiscal year-end is made when substantial losses are anticipated for the next fiscal year and beyond and such losses can be reasonably estimated.
The Company and its consolidated domestic subsidiaries are currently in the process of determining the effects of these new standards on the consolidated financial statements.
(p) Liability for retirement benefits
• “Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Statement No. 29, March 30, 2018)
• “Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition” (ASBJ Guidance No. 30,
Employees who terminate their services with the Company or some consolidated domestic subsidiar- ies are generally entitled to lump-sum payments, the amounts of which are determined by reference to basic rates of pay at the time of termination and length of service.
March 30, 2018)
The liabilities and expenses for retirement and severance benefits are determined based on amounts actuarially calculated using certain assumptions. The Company and its consolidated domestic subsidiaries provide the allowance for employees’ retirement and severance benefits based on the estimated amounts of projected benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets (including the retirement benefit trust).
(a) Overview
Actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs are charged to income on a straight-line basis primarily over 10 years commencing with the following period and the current period, respectively. With regard to previously unrecognized actuarial gains and losses and unrecognized prior services costs, after adjusting for tax effects, the Company records accumulated adjustment for retirement benefits as part of accumulated other comprehensive income within net assets.
The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) initiated a joint project to develop a comprehensive accounting standard for revenue recogni- tion. In May 2014, the Boards published “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (IFRS 15 for the IASB; Topic 606 for the FASB). IFRS 15 is effective from January 1, 2018, and Topic 606 is applied from fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. In response to these developments, the ASBJ developed a comprehensive accounting standard relating to revenue recognition, and published this standard together with its implementation guidance.
In calculating retirement benefit obligations, the method of attributing expected benefits to periods employs a benefit formula basis.
Effective from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022.
Employees of the Company’s overseas consolidated subsidiaries are generally covered by various pension plans accounted for in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the respective country of domicile.
The Company and its consolidated domestic subsidiaries are currently in the process of determining the effects of these new standards on the consolidated financial statements.
(q) Hedge accounting
The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries employ deferred hedge accounting. If derivative financial instruments are used as hedges and meet certain hedging criteria, the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries defer recognition of gain or loss resulting from a change in the fair value of the derivative financial instrument until the related loss or gain on the hedged item is recognized.
Additional information
<Snow disaster at NIPPI Corporation>
(r) Finance leases
Due to the heavy snowfall on February 15, 2014, an aircraft hangar’s roof at a consolidated subsid- iary’s NIPPI Corporation’s Atsugi Plant collapsed, causing damage to aircraft of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force under regular maintenance in the hangar. The Company and NIPPI Corporation entered into discussions with the Japan Ministry of Defense regarding how this matter should be handled. However, in July 2017, the Ministry of Defense, based on the contention that it had suffered losses totaling ¥1,900 million ($17,878 thousand), executed an offset for the same amount in relation to a payment claim held by the Company vis-à-vis the Ministry of Defense (central government). The Company did not accept the Ministry of Defense’s contention or its execution of the offset and, conse- quently, demanded payment from the Ministry of Defense of the ¥1.9 billion that had been subject
Leased assets under finance leases that transfer ownership of the lease assets to the lessee are amortized by the same method as that used for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. Lease assets under finance leases that do not transfer ownership of the lease assets to the lessee are amortized by the straight-line-method over the lease term with zero residual value.
(s) Accounting for consumption taxes
to the offset. However, the Ministry of Defense did not comply with the Company’s demand, leading the Company to institute legal proceedings in October 2017 at the Tokyo District Court seeking pay- ment of the amount in question. The future outcome of this legal action may affect the operating performance of the KHI Group.
National and local consumption taxes are accounted for based on the net amount.
(t) Application of consolidated tax reporting
The Company and its wholly owned consolidated domestic subsidiaries file a consolidated tax return.
2018), February 16, 2018)
Merchandise and finished products Work in progress (*)
Raw materials and supplies
Total
2018
¥ 62,385 ¥ 49,850 $ 587,042 326,460 323,434 3,071,987 115,894 111,578 1,090,561 ¥504,739 ¥484,862 $4,749,590
(a) Overview
The above guidance was revised in regard to the treatment of taxable temporary differences for investments in subsidiaries within the context of non-consolidated financial statements and to clarify the treatment in determining the recoverability of deferred tax assets in a company categorized by the guidance as ‘Type 1’.
(*) A trust was established for the Company’s trade receivables generated in selling certain work in progress using a self-settled trust. The Company has a beneficiary interest in the trade receivables as trust assets. The work in progress related to the trust assets as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 was ¥2,468 million ($23,223 thousand) and ¥7,373 million, respectively.
(b) Effective date
Effective from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2019.
4.
(b) Effective date
(c) Effects of application of the standards
Inventories as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 are summarized as follows:

                                                                                                                      71
72
6. Securities
7.
(a) Acquisition costs and book values (market values) of available-for-sale securities with available market values as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
Investments in Nonconsolidated Subsidiaries and Affiliates
Investments in nonconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 were ¥78,314 million ($736,934 thousand) and ¥71,371 million, respectively.
Securities with book values exceeding acquisition costs: Equity securities
¥8,998 ¥3,208 390 407
¥5,790
$54,483
Short-term Debt and Long-term Debt
Short-term debt and long-term debt as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 comprised the following: Thousands of
Other securities: Equity securities
Millions of yen
U.S. dollars
Total ¥9,388
Short-term debt:
Securities with book values exceeding acquisition costs: Equity securities
Current portion of bonds, bearing average interest rates of 0.34-0.57% and 1.06% as of March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
20,000 283 ¥129,261
10,000 192 ¥121,648
188,199 2,663 $1,216,345
Other securities: Equity securities
¥8,143 ¥3,054 ¥5,089 389 539 (150)
Lease obligations, current Total short-term debt
Total ¥8,532
¥3,593 ¥4,939
Loans from banks and other financial institutions, partly secured by mortgage or other collateral, due from 2018 to 2027, bearing average interest rates of 0.49% and 0.55% as of March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
(b) Sales amounts of available-for-sale securities and related realized gains and losses for the years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:
¥211,864
¥192,037
$1,993,638
Equity securities:
¥ 324
¥ 48
¥(1)
$3,048
$451 $(9)
Equity securities:
¥304
Equity securities:
¥293
Long-term lease obligations
Sales amounts
Losses
Sales amounts
Gains Losses
Sales amounts ¥1,014
2017 Millions of yen Gains
Losses ¥ —
0.32–0.99% notes due in 2020 0.10–1.42% notes due in 2021 0.15-1.10% notes due in 2022 0.99% notes due in 2023 0.79% notes due in 2024 0.85% notes due in 2025 0.82% notes due in 2036 0.90% notes due in 2037
Sales amounts ¥ 678
2016 Millions of yen Gains
Losses ¥(8)
— 1,742 333,779
Millions of yen Gains
Thousands of U.S. dollars
(c) Investments in securities subject to impairment
Although impairment loss on other securities was recorded for the years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, disclosure was omitted as the amounts were immaterial.
Less portion due within one year Total long-term debt
(46,462) ¥317,382
(54,736) ¥279,043
(437,206) $2,986,562
Impairment loss on investments in securities is recognized when there has been a significant decline in the market value. Investments in securities for which the market value as of the end of the fiscal year has fallen to below 50% of the acquisition costs are deemed to have no recovery potential and to be impaired. Investments in securities for which the market value has fallen to between 30% and 50% of the acquisition costs are deemed to be partially impaired by an amount that takes into consideration the likelihood of recovery and other factors.
As of March 31, 2018 and 2017, the following assets were pledged as collateral for short-term debt and long-term debt:
Acquisition Book value cost
Unrealized gains (losses)
Unrealized gains (losses)
8.
Acquisition Book value cost
Unrealized gains (losses)
Current portion of long-term borrowings, bearing average interest rates of 0.40% and 0.23% as of March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively
2018
Notes and bonds issued by the Company: 1.06% notes due in 2017
0.34–0.57% notes due in 2018
0.68% notes due in 2019
— 20,000 10,000 20,000 30,000 20,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 1,980 363,844
10,000 20,000 10,000 20,000 30,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000
— 188,200 94,100 188,200 282,300 188,200 94,100 94,100 94,100 94,100 94,100 18,630 3,423,768
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2017 Millions of yen
Short-term debt, principally bank loans, bearing average interest rates of 1.02% and 1.24% as of March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively
¥ 82,799 26,179
¥ 66,912 44,544
$ 779,139 246,344
2018
(17)
¥3,615 ¥5,773 $54,323
2018
2017
2018
(160)
Long-term debt:
Buildings and structures Investments in securities Other
2018
¥ 65
2017
¥ 69
2018
$ 612
Total
80 ¥162
83 ¥166
753 $1,524
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
17
14
159

                                                                                            73
74
9.
Balance of plan assets at beginning of period Expected return on plan assets
Actuarial gains and losses
Contributions paid by the employer Retirement benefits paid
1,167 2,539 3,797 (7,541) (1,757)
1,523 8,808 3,853 (1,727) (1,489)
10,981 23,891 35,729 (70,960) (16,532)
Provision for Losses on Construction
Contracts
Inventories for construction contracts with substantial anticipated losses and the provision for losses on construction contracts were not offset. As of March 31, 2018 and 2017, the inventories for the construction contracts for which the provision for losses on construction contracts were provided were ¥15,590 million ($146,701 thousand) and ¥1,368 million, respectively. These amounts were
10.
Retirement benefit obligations on funded plan Plan assets
2018
¥ 169,362
2017
¥ 167,297
2018
$ 1,593,695
Employees’ Retirement and Severance Benefits
1.
The Company and its domestic consolidated subsidiaries have a system of retirement and sever- ance lump-sum payments for employees. The Company and certain consolidated subsidiaries also have a defined contribution pension plan and a cash balance plan (pension plan linked to market interest rates). A portion of the existing retirement and severance benefits are funded. Certain consolidated subsidiaries have a retirement pension plan. The Company has an employees’ retire- ment benefit trust. The Company and certain consolidated subsidiaries made changes to their system of retirement and severance lump-sum payments for employees. As a result, the Company incurred prior service cost (increase in obligation).
(108,200) 61,162 25,586
(109,995) 57,302 24,175
(1,018,161) 575,534 240,764
As of March 31, 2018 and 2017, debt secured by the above pledged assets was as follows: Thousands of
2. Defined benefit plans (including plans that apply a simplified method)
(1) Reconciliation of beginning-of-period and end-of-period balances of retirement benefit obligation
Trade payables
Short-term and long-term debt
53 ¥56
70 ¥75
498 $526
Balance of retirement benefit obligations at beginning of period Service cost
Interest cost
Actuarial gains and losses
2018 ¥191,472
2017 ¥189,742
2018 $1,801,750
Total
10,773 1,943 1,391
10,475 2,020 2,494
101,373 18,283 13,089
The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt as of March 31, 2018 were as follows:
Thousands of
Retirement benefits paid
Prior service cost
Other (foreign currency translation difference, etc.)
(9,399) 55
(11,421) 12
(88,444) 518
Year ending March 31 2019
2020
2021
¥ 46,462 38,997 43,330 47,106 187,949 ¥363,844
$ 437,206 366,961 407,735 443,267 1,768,599 $3,423,768
Balance of retirement benefit obligations at end of period
(1,287) ¥194,948
(1,850) ¥191,472
(12,110) $1,834,459
2022 2023
(2) Reconciliation of beginning-of-period and end-of-period balances of plan assets Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
and thereafter Total
2018 ¥109,995
2017
¥ 99,027
2018 $1,035,052
all included in work in process.
In a certain liquefied natural gas (LNG) tank construction project carried out by the Company
Other (foreign currency translation difference, etc.) Balance of plan assets at end of period
¥108,200
¥109,995
$1,018,161
overseas, the total cost has increased to a level higher than the original estimate. The causes of this cost increase include the nonfulfillment of a contract by an overseas construction subcontractor. The Company has calculated a provision for losses on construction contracts after deducting a part of the future damages claim amount in relation to losses sustained by the Company owing to the breach of contract by the aforementioned subcontractor from the total cost estimate for the project.
(3) Reconciliation between end-of-period balance of retirement benefit obligations and plan assets to liabilities, and liabilities and assets for retirement benefits presented on the consolidated balance sheets
The gain on contribution of securities to the employees’ retirement benefit trust was attribut- able to the contribution of holdings of investments in securities to the employees’.
Net amount of liabilities and assets presented on the consolidated balance sheets
¥
Millions of yen
U.S. dollars
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2018
¥ 3
2017
¥ 5
2018
$ 28
Millions of yen
Millions of yen
U.S. dollars
Retirement benefit obligations on unfunded plan
Net amount of liabilities and assets presented on the consolidated balance sheets
86,748 86,836
81,477 81,563
816,298 817,126
Liability for retirement benefits
Asset for retirement benefits
(88) 86,748 ¥
(86) 81,477 $
(828) 816,298
(4) Breakdown of retirement benefit expense
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets
Amortization of actuarial gains and losses
Amortization of prior service costs
Retirement benefit expense related to defined benefit plan
2018 ¥10,773
2017 ¥10,475
2018 $101,373
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
1,943 (1,167) 6,791
2,020 (1,523) 6,069
18,283 (10,981) 63,904
353 ¥18,693
353 ¥17,394
3,322 $175,901

                                                   75
76
(5) Adjustments for retirement benefits
Adjustments for retirement benefits (before tax effects) comprised the following:
11.
Contingent Liabilities
Contingent liabilities as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
Prior service cost Actuarial gains and losses Total
2018
¥ 298
2017 2018
¥ 341 $ 2,804 12,383 74,706 ¥12,724 $77,510
As guarantor of indebtedness of employees, nonconsolidated subsidiaries, affiliates and others
¥21,786 ¥18,252
2018 $205,006
(6) Accumulated adjustments for retirement benefits
Accumulated adjustments for retirement benefits (before tax effects) comprised the following:
Under the Japanese Corporate Law (“the Law”), the entire amount paid for new shares is required to be designated as common stock. However, a company may, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, designate an amount not exceeding one half of the price of the new shares as capital reserve, which
is included in capital surplus. Under the Law, if a dividend distribution of surplus is made, the smaller of an amount equal to 10% of the dividend or the excess, if any, of 25% of common stock over the total of capital reserve and legal earnings reserve must be set aside as capital reserve or legal earn- ings reserve. Legal earnings reserve is included in retained earnings in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Under the Law, legal earnings reserve and capital reserve can be used to eliminate or reduce a deficit or capitalized by a resolution of the shareholders’ meeting.
Unrecognized prior service cost Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses Total
2018 ¥(1,864)
2017
¥ (2,162)
2018 $(17,540)
(7) Plan assets
Capital reserve and legal earnings reserve may not be distributed as dividends. Under the Law, all capital reserve and all legal earnings reserve may be transferred to other capital surplus and retained earnings, respectively, which are potentially available for dividends.
(i) Main breakdown of plan assets
The breakdown of main asset categories as a percentage of total plan assets is as follows:
2018 2017
The maximum amount that the Company can distribute as dividends is calculated based on the nonconsolidated financial statements of the Company in accordance with the Law.
Bonds 18% 13%
75% Cash and deposits 1% 2% Others 11% 10% Total 100% 100%
Equities 70%
13.
Cost of Sales
Note: As of March 31, 2018 and 2017, the employees’ retirement benefit trust established as part of the retirement benefit plan is included in the plan assets and represents a 60% and 71% portion of the plan assets, respectively.
The ending balance of inventories was measured at the lower of cost or market. Gain on the valuation of inventories included in the cost of sales for the year ended March 31, 2018 was ¥3,434 million ($32,313 thousand). Loss on the valuation of inventories included in the cost of sales for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was ¥3,010 million and ¥876 million, respectively.
(ii) Method for setting long-term expected rate of return
Provision for losses on construction contracts included in the cost of sales for the years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was ¥23,718 million ($223,186 thousand), ¥20,631 million and ¥10,586 million, respectively.
To determine the expected rate of return on plan assets, the Company takes into account the current and expected allocation of plan assets and the expected present and future long-term rate of return on the diverse range of assets that makes up the plan assets.
14.
(8) Underlying actuarial assumptions
The main underlying actuarial assumptions as of March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, were as follows:
(presented as the compound average)
Research and Development Expenses
Research and development expenses included in selling, general and administrative expenses and product costs were as follows:
3.
Defined contribution plan
As of March 31, 2018 and 2017, the required contribution by the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries to the defined contribution plan was ¥2,212 million ($20,814 thousand) and ¥2,183 million, respectively.
Discount rate
Long-term expected rate of return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Millions of yen 2018 2017
Thousands of U.S. dollars
7,939 ¥8,237
12.
Net Assets
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
(5,847) ¥(7,711)
(13,786) ¥(15,948)
(55,020) $(72,560)
2018 0.40—3.87% 0.00—6.00% 6.50—7.20%
2017 0.48—4.00% 0.00—6.75% 6.50—7.20%
Research and development expenses
2018 ¥45,434
¥43,627
2016 ¥43,611
2018 $427,533
Millions of yen 2017
Thousands of U.S. dollars

                        77
78
15.
Other Expenses, Net
“Other expenses, net” in “Other income (expenses)” in the consolidated statements of income for the years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 comprised the following:
Accounting treatment of losses on a consolidated basis for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 is presented below.
Foreign exchange gain (loss), net
2018
¥ (7,017)
2016
¥ (7,724) ¥ (6,532)
2018
$ (66,029)
Gain on sales of property, plant and equipment (a)
2,606 — —
3,077 — — —
3,155 901
24,522 — —
2. Losses on valuation of investments in and loans receivable from Enseada ¥2,847 million (Equity in income of nonconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates)
Gain on transfer of business (b)
Loss on overseas business (c)
(19,298)
— (23,572)
3. Total
¥22,145 million
Payments for contract adjustment for commercial aircraft jet engines (d)
(2,505)
Losses from the termination of a shipbuilding contract for an offshore service vessel (e)
—
(2,233) (1,119) (19,826)
(d) Payments for contract adjustment for commercial aircraft jet engines
Loss on disposal of fixed assets Other, net
(2,107)
The Company faced one-time expenses in connection with contracts with customers related to engine programs in which the Company was participating. These expenses arose from the new requirement to allocate a portion of the engines planned to be delivered to customers for use as spare engines for operational supports. Accordingly, the Company recorded these program expenses as non-operating expenses.
Total
¥(10,865) ¥(21,567)
$(241,224)
(a) Gain on sales of property, plant and equipment
Gain on sales of property, plant and equipment for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 was mainly due to the realization of deferred revenue recognized from the sale and leaseback transactions of fixed assets owned by North American subsidiaries.
(e) Losses from the termination of a shipbuilding contract for an offshore service vessel
Gain on sales of property, plant and equipment for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 was due to the sale of the land and building of the Company’s Tokyo office in addition to the realization of deferred revenue recognized from the sale and leaseback transactions of fixed assets owned by North American subsidiaries.
In November 2013, with the intention of entering the offshore development industry, which is a promising market over the medium to long term, the Company entered into a shipbuilding agreement for an offshore service vessel with a subsidiary* of Island Offshore Shipholding LP (hereinafter, “Island Offshore”). This was the first vessel of its type to be constructed by the Company, and certain problems during the engineering stage arose along with an increase in the cost of materials and other issues.
Gain on sales of property, plant and equipment for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 was due to the sale of the land and building of the company dormitories and houses, etc.
(b) Gain on transfer of business
From the time the order for this vessel was received, the stagnation in crude oil prices led to a very difficult business environment for offshore service providers in general, and Island Offshore began negotiating financial restructuring with its banking partners from November 2016.
This gain was due to the assignment of all the shares of consolidated subsidiary KCM Corporation and all the businesses of KCMJ Corporation.
Given the above circumstances, the Company proceeded cautiously, including temporarily sus- pending the construction of the vessel, while paying close attention to the progress of the financial restructuring of Island Offshore. During this time, the Company was holding discussions with Island Offshore regarding the handling of the vessel. Based on the shared understanding that the environ- ment surrounding the offshore service business remained challenging and that uncertainty about the future could not be eliminated, the Company and Island Offshore agreed to terminate the shipbuilding agreement, and the Company therefore carried out the necessary accounting treatment.
*Island Navigator I KS (100% subsidiary company of Island Offshore Shipholding LP)
(c) Loss on overseas business
Enseada Indústria Naval S.A. (hereinafter ‘Enseada’), a joint venture for shipbuilding in which the Company holds a 30% stake, has received no payments for drill ship construction work in progress for more than a year due to corruption problems in Brazil. This situation has seriously eroded Enseada’s financial and cash flow positions. As a result, Enseada has fallen behind in its payments to the Com- pany for the transfer of technology and for the construction of drill ship hull parts at KHI Sakaide Works. Enseada has also been unable to make progress on the repayment of loans extended by the Company.
Despite this adverse business situation, Enseada remains a going concern, and the Company con- tinues to cooperate with Enseada in line with the underlying joint venture agreement. However, con- sidering the asset value of investment in and loans to Enseada as well as the recoverability of trade receivables, the Company has decided to implement the necessary accounting treatment based on its revaluation under relevant accounting principles.
(12,833)
— (120,758)
(3,779) ¥(25,635)
(3,985) 1,326 (35,561)
Millions of yen 2017
Thousands of U.S. dollars
1. Setting of allowance for doubtful receivables on trade receivables from Enseada and loss on valua- tion of inventories (work in process) destined for Enseada
¥19,298 million (Other expenses, net)
These are losses in conjunction with the termination of a shipbuilding contract for an offshore service vessel (losses recognized on valuation of inventories and trade receivables, etc.).

                                                                                            79
80
16.
17. Dividends
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Amounts reclassified to net income (loss) in the current period that were recognized in other compre- hensive income in the current or previous periods and the tax effects for each component of other comprehensive income were as follows:
(a) Dividends paid Year ended March 31, 2018
Unrealized gains (losses) on securities Increase (decrease) during the year Reclassification adjustments Subtotal, before tax
¥
450 110 560 (222) 338
¥
910 (119) 791 (232) 559
$
4,234 1,035 5,269 (2,089) 3,180
September 20, 2017 Board of Directors Meeting (*)
Common stock
¥5,011 million ($47,153 thousand)
¥3.0 ($0.02)
September 30, 2017
December 1, 2017
Tax (expense) or benefit
(*) Dividends per share indicate the amount before a share consolidation with a 10:1 ratio of common shares with an effective date of October 1, 2017 as the date of record is September 30, 2017.
Subtotal, net of tax
Deferred gains (losses) on hedges
Year ended March 31, 2017
Increase (decrease) during the year Reclassification adjustments Subtotal, before tax
Tax (expense) or benefit
114 2,121 2,235
(12,414) 9,864
1,072 19,959 21,031
Resolution
Kind of shares
Total amount of dividends paid
Dividends per share
Date of record
Effective date
Subtotal, net of tax
Foreign currency translation adjustments
(1,844)
Increase (decrease) during the year Reclassification adjustments Subtotal, before tax
Tax (expense) or benefit
(1,085) -
(3,517) (225) (3,742)
(10,209) -
(b) Dividend payments for which the record date is in the subject fiscal year but have the effective date in the succeeding consolidated fiscal year
Subtotal, net of tax
Remeasurements of defined benefit plan
(1,085)
(10,209)
Kind of shares
Source of dividends
Total amount of dividends paid
Dividends per share
Date of record
Effective date
Increase (decrease) during the year Reclassification adjustments Subtotal, before tax
Tax (expense) or benefit
1,092 7,145 8,237 (3,066) 5,171
6,301
10,275 67,235 77,510 (28,851) 48,659
June 27, 2018 General Meeting of Shareholders
Common stock
Retained earnings
¥5,011 million ($47,153 thousand)
¥30.0 ($0.28)
March 31, 2018
June 28, 2018
Subtotal, net of tax
Kind of shares
Source of dividends
Total amount of dividends paid
Dividends per share
Date of record
Effective date
Share of other comprehensive income of associates accounted for using equity method
Resolution
Increase (decrease) during the year Total other comprehensive income
2,296 ¥ 8,336
(6,340) ¥ (2,590)
21,605 $ 78,441
Millions of yen
June 28, 2017 General Meeting of Shareholders
Common stock
¥3,341 million ($31,438 thousand)
¥2.0 ($0.01)
March 31, 2017
June 29, 2017
2018
2017
2018
(619) 1,616
(2,550) 706
(5,825) 15,206
September 30, 2016 Board of Directors Meeting
Common stock
¥6,682 million
¥4.0
September 30, 2016
December 1, 2016
(1,085) -
— (3,742)
(10,209) -
Year ended March 31, 2018
6,423 12,724
(3,947) 8,777
Year ended March 31, 2017
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Resolution
Kind of shares
Total amount of dividends paid
Dividends per share
Date of record
Effective date
18.
Income Taxes
Income taxes in Japan applicable to the Company and its consolidated domestic subsidiaries consist of corporate tax (national tax) and enterprise and inhabitants’ taxes (local taxes), which, in the aggregate, resulted in a statutory tax rate of approximately 30.7% for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017.
June 24, 2016 General Meeting of Shareholders
Common stock
¥11,694 million
¥7.0
March 31, 2016
June 27, 2016
Resolution
June 28, 2017 General Meeting of Shareholders
Common stock
Retained earnings
¥3,341 million
¥2.0
March 31, 2017
June 29, 2017
(a) The significant differences between the statutory and effective tax rates for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
Statutory tax rate
Valuation allowance
Equity in income of nonconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates Changing tax rate
Tax credit for research and development expenses
Elimination of unrealized profits
Other
Effective tax rate
30.7% (25.7) (3.7)
(2.7) (4.4) — (0.9) 3.0 2.5 28.2%
2018
2017 30.7%
3.5 (1.8) (1.2) 3.2
5.0%

                                                                                             81
82
(b) Significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
Cash and
Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents reconciled to the accounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets in the years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:
Deferred tax assets:
2018 ¥70,632
2016 ¥42,157
2018 $664,646
Accrued bonuses
¥ 6,887 36,945 1,437 1,848 559 7,995 1,443 3,072
¥ 7,043 37,130 5,315 1,015 524 6,396 698 2,402
$ 64,807 347,653 13,522 17,389 5,260 75,233 13,578 28,908
Cash on hand and in banks:
Time deposits with maturities over three months:
¥55,388 (4,666)
Liability for retirement benefits
(6,270) ¥64,362
(4,325) ¥37,832
(59,001) $605,645
Allowance for doubtful receivables
Total
¥50,722
Inventories – elimination of intercompany profits
Fixed assets – elimination of intercompany profits
<Breakdown of main assets and liabilities of former consolidated subsidiaries excluded from the scope
of consolidation due to the sale of shares during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016.>
Accompanying the exclusion of KCM Corporation and two other former consolidated subsidiaries from the scope of consolidation due to the sale of shares, the relationship between the breakdown of assets and liabilities at the time of the sales, the share sale amounts and proceeds from these sales were as follows:
Depreciation
Net operating loss carryforwards
Loss from inventory revaluation
Unrealized loss on marketable securities, investments in securities and other
1,550 758 3,337 5,651 14,015 85,497
1,527 1,552 3,138 5,470
14,585 7,132 31,402 53,176 131,881 804,526
Loss on valuation of land
Provision for product warranties
Provision for losses on construction contracts Other
Millions of yen
Gross deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance Total deferred tax assets
(7,179) 78,318
86,325 (15,701) 70,624
(67,554) 736,972
(16,047) (3,641) (1,198)
Deferred tax liabilities:
Reserve for advanced depreciation of non-current assets Reserve for special depreciation
Net unrealized gain on securities
Retained earnings for foreign subsidiaries
Other
4,341 1,374 1,509 7,039 3,609
3,946 562 1,288 6,595 3,666 16,057 ¥ 54,567
40,849 12,930 14,199 66,237 33,961
19 (170)
Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets
17,872 ¥60,446
168,176 $568,796
Sale prices of stocks
Cash and cash equivalents Proceeds from sales of business
¥
901 5,508 118 5,390
(c) Revision of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities due to change in tax rate of corporation tax, etc.
20.
Net Income per Share
Per share amounts for the years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 are set forth in the table below.
The United States enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on December 22, 2017. Consequently, from fiscal years commencing on or after January 1, 2018, the federal corporate income tax rate has been reduced. As a result of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the federal corporate income tax rate applicable to the Company’s consolidated subsidiaries in the United States was reduced from 35% to 21%.
Millions of yen 2017
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Based on this change in tax rate, net deferred tax assets decreased ¥1,639 million ($15,422 thou- sand), income taxes-deferred increased ¥1,163 million ($10,943 thousand), and accumulated adjust- ments for retirement benefits increased ¥476 million ($4,479 thousand).
Net income allocated to common stock
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2018
2017
2018
Millions of yen 2017
14,115
Current assets
Fixed assets
Current liabilities
Long-term liabilities
Non-controlling interests
Net unrealized losses on securities, net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustments Accumulated adjustments for retirement benefits Gain on transfer of business
¥ 19,719 5,727
19.
Basic net income per share: Net income
¥28,915 28,915
¥26,204 26,204
¥46,043 46,043
$272,089 272,089
Weighted average number of shares of common stock
Number of shares in millions 167 167 167
Note: As the Company carried out a share consolidation with a 10:1 ratio of common shares with an effective date of October 1, 2017, net income per share has been calculated with the assumption that this share consolidation was carried out at the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016.
As the Company had no dilutive securities at March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company has not disclosed diluted net income per share for the years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
2018
2016
2018
198

                                                                                                                                                         83
84
21.
Derivative Transactions
(a) Outstanding positions and recognized gains and losses at March 31, 2018 were as follows:
(b) Outstanding positions and recognized gains and losses at March 31, 2017 were as follows:
(Derivative transactions to which the Company did not apply hedge accounting)
(Derivative transactions to which the Company did not apply hedge accounting)
Currency-related contracts: Foreign exchange contracts:
To sell
USD ¥51,860 EUR 1,168 Others 11,235
To sell USD EUR
¥
— — —
¥(1,696) 10
¥(1,696) 10
Others
To purchase
(59) (59)
(555)
To purchase
USD 12,027 EUR 180 Others 1,283
USD 473 EUR 386 Others 1,152
(75) 9 9 84
Interest rate and currency swaps
U.S. dollars floating-rate receipt/fixed-rate payment — —
——— ¥1,259 ¥1,259 $11,847
Total ¥82,059
— ¥11
1,835 ¥ (137)
1,835 ¥ (137)
Total ¥72,415 Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
¥3,942
Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
(Derivative transactions to which the Company applied hedge accounting)
(Derivative transactions to which the Company applied hedge accounting)
2017
Millions of yen
Currency-related contracts: Foreign exchange contracts:
To sell USD
Trade receivables
To sell USD EUR
Trade receivables
¥ 63,349 EUR 9,748 Others 7,170
¥1,715 — —
¥(1,236) 16
Others
To purchase
(3)
To purchase Trade payables
USD 11,078 EUR 5,155 Others 3,630
USD EUR Others
9,879 3,518 5,497
153 388 316
(312) (19) (48)
Total ¥100,130
¥3,257
¥(1,491)
Total ¥61,553 Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
¥3,346
¥ 661
Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
Currency-related contracts: Foreign exchange contracts:
U.S. dollars floating-rate receipt/fixed-rate payment Total
Short-term debt
¥4,306 ¥4,306
¥— ¥—
¥32 ¥32
To sell USD EUR
Trade receivables
Others
To purchase
(28)
USD EUR Others
92,962 33,104 51,727
1,439 3,652 2,973
(2,935) (178) (451)
Total $579,213 Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
$31,485
$ 6,220
Contract amount
Contract amount over 1 year
Fair Gain value (loss)
Gain (loss)
Currency-related contracts: Foreign exchange contracts:
¥49,034 7,754 13,616
¥— — 3,942
¥1,188 ¥1,188 145 145
$11,179 1,364
(195)
(195)
Subject of hedge
Contract amount
Contract amount over 1 year
Fair value
Currency-related contracts: Foreign exchange contracts:
Trade payables
460 917 165
(57) (82) 42
Subject of hedge
Contract amount
Contract amount over 1 year
Fair value
Interest-related contracts:
Interest rate and currency swaps
Trade payables
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Contract amount
Contract amount over 1 year
Fair value
Gain (loss)
¥36,717 1,743 4,199
— 404
(174)
$345,507 16,401 39,512
$ 19,620
$ 9,558 254
Fair value is based on prices provided by financial institutions, etc.
2018
2017 Millions of yen
2018
2018
2017
Millions of yen
(8) (8)
—
—
— (16) (16) (150)
Interest rate and currency swaps
U.S. dollars floating-rate receipt/fixed-rate payment 4,306
Millions of yen
Subject of hedge
Contract amount
Contract amount over 1 year
Fair value
¥ 2,085
¥1,016 27
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Subject of hedge
Contract amount
Contract amount over 1 year
Fair value
— 3,801
— 5 6
(101)
3 3 77
(101)

                           85
86
22.
Financial Instruments
Information related to financial instruments as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 was as follows.
With regard to derivatives, in accordance with rules for the provision of transaction authoriza- tion, the Company’s finance functions and those of its consolidated subsidiaries manage transac- tions in accordance with an established set of fundamental policies, such as those covering limita- tions on transaction amounts, under the authority of the director in charge of finance. Transactions are reported to the director in charge of finance on a monthly basis. Consolidated subsidiaries manage derivatives in accordance with the same rules as those of the Company.
(1) Matters related to the status of financial instruments
(a) Policies on the use of financial instruments
The Company meets its long-term operating capital and capital expenditure requirements through bank loans and the issuance of bonds and meets its short-term operating capital requirements through bank loans and the issuance of short-term bonds (electronic commercial paper). Temporary surplus funds are managed in the form of financial assets that have a high level of safety. The Company utilizes derivative financial instruments to hedge the risks described below and does not engage
in speculative transactions as a matter of policy.
(iii) Management of liquidity risk (risk of the Company being unable to meet its payment obligations by their due dates)
The Company manages liquidity risk through its finance department, maintaining and updating its finance plans based on reports from each business division. Liquidity risk is managed through the diversification of financing methods, taking into consideration the financing environment and balancing long- and short-term financing requirements, securing commitment lines, etc.
(b) Details of financial instruments and risks associated with those instruments
Trade receivables are exposed to the credit risk of customers. The Company operates internationally and has significant exposure to the risk of fluctuation in foreign exchange rates. However, this risk is hedged using exchange contracts, etc., against the net position of foreign currency exposure. Invest- ments in securities comprise mainly equity securities of companies with which the Company conducts business and are held to maintain relationships with these business partners. With such securities, listed stocks are exposed to market fluctuation risk.
(d) Supplemental information on the fair value of financial instruments
Almost all trade payables and electronically recorded obligations are due within one year. A por- tion of trade payables are denominated in foreign currency—specifically those related to payment for imported materials, etc., and are exposed to the risk of foreign currency fluctuation. However, this risk is mitigated principally by the position of trade payables denominated in foreign currency being less than the position of receivables in the same currency. Loans payable and bonds payable are mainly used to raise operating capital and carry out capital expenditure and are due in a maximum of twenty years from March 31, 2018 (twenty years in 2017). A portion of these instruments is exposed to the risk of interest rate fluctuation. However, such risk is hedged using derivatives (interest rate and currency swaps) as necessary.
The fair value of financial instruments includes values based on market price and reasonably estimated values when market price is not available. However, as variables are inherent in these value calculations, the resulting values may differ if different assumptions are used. With regard to the contract amounts, etc., of the derivatives described in Note 21, “Derivative transactions,” these amounts do not represent the market risk associated with the corresponding derivative transactions themselves.
In sum, derivatives comprise exchange and currency option contracts used to hedge foreign currency fluctuation risk on receivables and payables in foreign currencies and interest rate swap contracts to hedge interest rate fluctuation risk on debt. With regard to hedge accounting, see Note 2(t), “Hedge accounting.”
Book value
Fair value
(losses)
Unrealized gains (losses)
(c) Risk management system for financial instruments
Total assets
—— ¥(61) $(574)
(i)
Management of credit risk, including customer default risk
The Company’s sales management functions and those of its consolidated subsidiaries regularly evaluate the financial circumstances of customers and monitor the due dates and balances by customer to identify and limit doubtful accounts.
Trade payables
— — — —
(ii)
Management of market risk (related to foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, etc.)
The Company and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries hedge foreign currency fluctuation risk on receivables and payables in foreign currencies using exchange contracts, which are categorized by the type of currency and the monthly due date. In principle, the net position of receivables less payables in a foreign currency is hedged with forward exchange contracts. The Company and certain of its consolidated subsidiaries hedge interest rate risk on debt using interest rate swap contracts.
(*) Derivative financial instruments are presented as net amounts. Negative amounts stated with parentheses ( ) indicate that the net amount is a liability.
With regard to derivative transactions, the Company enters into contracts with highly rated financial institutions to reduce counterparty risk. The amount presented in the balance sheet is the maximum credit risk at the fiscal year-end of the financial instruments that are exposed to credit risk.
Long-term debt, less current portion (excluding lease obligations)
315,685 ¥807,833 ¥ 1,920
315,686 ¥807,834 ¥ 1,920
1 10 ¥ 1 $ 10 ¥ — $—
With regard to investments in securities, the Company reviews its holding policies through periodic analysis of market prices and the financial condition of the issuers, taking into consider- ation the relationships with its business partners.
(2) Fair values of financial instruments
The book values, the fair values and the differences between these values as of March 31, 2018 were as follows (Financial instruments for which the fair value was extremely difficult to determine were not included, as described in remark (ii)):
Cash on hand and in banks Trade receivables Investments in securities
¥ 70,632 470,110 9,388 ¥550,130 245,398 117,772
¥ 70,632 470,049 9,388 ¥550,069 245,398 117,772
¥—$— (61) (574)
Electronically recorded obligations
Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt (excluding lease obligations)
128,978
128,978
— —
Total liabilities
Derivative transactions (*)
2018
Millions of yen
Unrealized gains
Thousands of U.S. dollars

                                                                              87
88
The book values, fair values and the differences between these values as of March 31, 2017 were as follows (Financial instruments for which the fair value was extremely difficult to determine were not included, as described in remark (ii)):
(ii) Financial instruments for which the fair value is extremely difficult to determine. Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Cash on hand and in banks Trade receivables Investments in securities
Book value Fair value ¥ 55,388 ¥ 55,388 444,633 444,588 8,563 8,563 ¥508,584 ¥508,539 240,572 240,572 101,449 101,449
¥— (45)
65,310
¥83,726 ¥76,726
Total assets
Trade payables
— —
(iii)
Planned redemption amounts after the balance sheet date for monetary receivables and invest- ments in securities with maturity dates as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
Electronically recorded obligations
Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt (excluding lease obligations)
2018
Long-term debt, less current portion (excluding lease obligations) Total liabilities
277,494 279,014 ¥740,971 ¥742,491 ¥ (1,595) ¥ (1,595)
Within 1 year
within 5 years
within 10 years
Over 10 years
Derivative transactions (*)
Cash on hand and in banks Trade receivables Investments in securities
¥ 70,632 453,462
¥
— 16,648
¥— —
¥— —
(*) Derivative financial instruments are presented as net amounts. Negative amounts stated with parentheses ( ) indicates that the net amount is a liability.
(i)
Methods used to calculate the fair value of financial instruments and details of securities and derivative instruments.
<Assets>
- Cash on hand and in banks
Total
¥524,094 ¥16,648 ¥— ¥—
The fair value of cash on hand and in banks is stated at the relevant book value since the settle-
Within 1 year
within 5 years
within 10 years
Over 10 years
ment periods are short and the fair values are substantially the same as the book values. - Trade Receivables
Cash on hand and in banks Trade receivables Investments in securities
$ 664,646 4,267,075
$ — 156,657
$— —
$— —
The fair value of trade receivables is stated at present value computed by applying a discount
rate reflecting the settlement period and the credit risk. - Investments in securities
-Bonds ————
Equity securities are stated at the fair value, and bonds are stated at market price or the asking price of financial institutions. See Note 2(j), “Investments in securities,” for the detailed informa- tion by classification.
2017
Millions of yen
Over 1 year but Over 5 years but
<Liabilities>
Cash on hand and in banks Trade receivables Investments in securities
¥
— 9,362
- Trade payables, electronically recorded obligations, short-term debt and current portion of long- term debt
Since the settlement periods of these items are short and their fair values are substantially the same as their book values, the relevant book values are used.
—
—
- Long-term debt, less current portion
The fair value of bonds payable is calculated based on trading reference data. The fair value of long-term debt is calculated by applying a discount rate to the total principal and interest. That discount rate is based on the interest rates of similar new loans.
(iv) Planned repayment amounts after the balance sheet date for bonds payable and long-term debt. See Note 8, “Short-term debt and long-term debt.”
<Derivatives>
See Note 21, “Derivative Transactions.”
121,456 121,456
— 1,520 ¥1,520 ¥ —
Millions of yen
Over 1 year but Over 5 years but
2017 Millions of yen
Unlisted equity securities and investments in partnerships Stocks of nonconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates Investments in affiliates
Total
2018
¥ 5,411
2017
¥ 5,356
2018
$ 50,917
Unrealized gains (losses)
13,005
10,600
122,376
— ¥ (45)
Since no market values are available for these items and since it is extremely difficult mine their fair values, the items listed in the table above are not included in investments
to deter-
in securities.
-Bonds ————
Total
$4,931,721
$156,657
$—
$—
-Bonds Total
30 ¥490,689
— ¥9,362
— ¥—
— ¥—
Within 1 year ¥ 55,388 435,271
within 5 years
within 10 years ¥—
Over 10 years ¥—
2018
Thousands of U.S. dollars Over 1 year but Over 5 years but
60,770
614,568 $787,861

                                                                                        89
90
23.
Finance Leases
25.
24.
Operating Leases
Sales
Other items
Finance leases commenced prior to April 1, 2008 which do not transfer ownership of the leased assets to the lessee are accounted for as operating leases. Information regarding such leases, as required to be disclosed in Japan, is as follows:
Segment Information
(a) Overview of reportable segments
<Lessee>
The Company’s reportable segments are components of the Company for which separate financial information is available. These segments are subject to periodic review by the Company’s Board of Directors to determine the allocation of resources and assess performance. The Company’s operations are divided into internal companies based on product categories. Certain authority is delegated to each of the internal companies based on whether they conduct business in Japan or overseas. The Company’s operations are, therefore, segmented based on each internal company’s product categories. The Company’s eight reportable segments are the Ship & Offshore Structure segment, the Rolling Stock segment, the Aerospace segment, the Gas Turbine & Machinery segment, the Plant & Infrastructure segment, the Motorcycle & Engine segment, the Precision Machinery segment and the Other segment.
The original costs of leased assets under non-capitalized finance leases and the related accumulated depreciation and amortization, assuming it was calculated by the straight-line method over the term of the respective lease, as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
Property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation
2018
¥ 5,224
2017 ¥10,710
2018
$ 49,157
The main businesses in the Company’s reportable segments are set forth in the table below.
Intangible assets Accumulated amortization
22 (21)
22 (17)
207 (198)
Production and sale of rolling stock, etc.
¥1¥5$9 The present values of future minimum lease payments under non-capitalized finance leases as of
Production and sale of jet engines, general-purpose gas turbine generators, prime movers, etc.
March 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
Motorcycle & Engine
Production and sale of motorcycles, personal watercraft, all-terrain vehicles (ATV), utility vehicles, general-purpose gasoline engines, etc.
Current portion Noncurrent portion
¥355 ¥ 872 547 907 ¥902 ¥1,779
Commercial activities, sales/order agency and intermediary activities, administration of welfare facilities, etc.
Total
5,147 $8,487
(b) Calculation methods for sales, income (loss), assets, liabilities and other items by reportable segment
Accounting methods applied for the calculation of sales, income (loss), assets, liabilities and other items by business segment largely correspond to the information presented under Note 2, “Significant accounting policies.” Segment income is based on operating income. Intersegment sales and transfers are based on market prices.
Lease payments, “as if capitalized” depreciation and amortization and interest expense for non-capitalized finance leases for the years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:
Lease payments
Depreciation and amortization Interest
2018 ¥905
¥1,364 1,205 62
2016 ¥1,656
2018 $8,516
The schedule of future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
Increase in property, plant and
Within one year Over one year
Ship & Offshore Structure
¥ 99,396
141,865 (12,440) 332,040 20,922
147,963 180,792 424,110
¥ 1,444 2,567 17,485
¥49,749 138 —
¥ 4,774 2,505 28,876
Total
Aerospace
794 35
1,469 97
7,471 329
(c) Sales, income (loss), assets, liabilities and other items by reportable segment
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
(4,415) 809
(9,103) 1,607
(41,545) 7,612
Business segment
Ship & Offshore Structure Rolling Stock
Aerospace
Gas Turbine & Machinery
Major products
Millions of yen 2018 2017
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Millions of yen 2017
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Intersegment sales and transfers
Segment income (loss)
in equity- Segment Depreciation/ method
and intangible assets
2018
¥ 2,796
2017
¥ 2,204
2018
$ 26,310
External sales
Total
assets
amortization
affiliates
12,023 ¥14,819
12,706 ¥14,910
113,136 $139,446
Rolling Stock
2018 $3,340
Precision Machinery Other
Production and sale of industrial hydraulic products, industrial robots, etc.
Plant & Infrastructure
Production and sale of industrial equipment, boilers, environmental equipment, steel structures, crushers, etc.
Gas Turbine & Machinery
266,471 124,465 331,659 198,996
11,988 11,024 669 15,891 41,508 ¥ 86,800
278,459 14,703 135,489 2,938 332,328 15,253 214,887 21,649 126,578 2,929
373,640 136,130 266,550 188,155
5,018
— 19,118 1,474 411 3,338 ¥74,228 — ¥74,228
7,785
Plant & Infrastructure
Motorcycle & Engine
Precision Machinery
Other 85,070
1,508 14,164 7,166 1,580 ¥50,932 5,205 55,925 ¥1,785,028 ¥56,137
1,689 20,543 10,975
Total ¥1,574,242 Adjustments — Consolidated total ¥1,574,242
¥1,661,042 ¥ 62,133
85,062 ¥1,802,402
697 ¥77,844 4,319 ¥82,163
¥ 95,610 141,760 330,211
¥ 3,786 105 1,829
¥ (3,821) ¥
Construction and sale of ships and other vessels, etc.
Production and sale of aircraft, etc.
(86,800)
¥ — ¥1,574,242 ¥
(6,208) (17,374)
(86,800)
Year ended March 31, 2018
Millions of yen
Investment equipment

                                                                                                                          91
92
Ship & Offshore Structure
¥
103,204 137,159 329,915
¥ 2,447 76 1,615
¥
105,651 137,235 331,530
¥(21,424) ¥ 3,486
168,577 164,413 433,241
¥ 1,277 2,626 15,023
¥47,643 129 —
¥ 3,705 2,729 33,273
Ship & Offshore Structure
$ 899,689 1,333,960 3,107,284
$ 35,626 988 17,210
$ 935,315 1,334,948 3,124,494
$ (35,956) $ (117,061) 196,875
1,392,330 1,701,251 3,990,873
$ 13,588 24,155 164,534
$468,137 1,298 —
$ 44,923 23,572 271,723
Rolling Stock
Rolling Stock
Aerospace
25,033
Aerospace
Gas Turbine & Machinery
241,953 160,877 313,030 155,278
12,823 7,928 683 15,873 40,041 ¥ 81,486
254,776 168,805 313,713 171,151 117,455
15,294 2,610 11,749 13,104 3,140 ¥ 52,992
347,454 119,158 243,412 157,502
4,764
— 16,899 1,350 297 3,175 ¥69,493 — ¥69,493
8,945
Gas Turbine & Machinery
2,507,490 1,171,214 3,120,910 1,872,551
112,808 103,735 6,295 149,534 390,591 816,787
2,620,298 1,274,949 3,127,205 2,022,085 1,191,099
138,356 27,645 143,531 203,717 27,563
3,515,950 1,280,982 2,508,234 1,770,537
47,219
— 179,900 13,870 3,867 31,412 $698,484 — $698,484
73,256
Plant & Infrastructure
Motorcycle & Engine
Precision Machinery
Other 77,414
1,456 13,140 6,471 1,673 ¥46,430 5,134 45,960 ¥1,687,363 ¥51,564
2,207 18,292 7,228 1,174 ¥77,553 5,191 ¥82,744
Plant & Infrastructure
Motorcycle & Engine
Precision Machinery
Other 800,508
14,190 133,284 67,432 14,867 $479,269 (816,787) (816,787) (58,417) (163,489) 48,979 $ — $14,813,606 $526,253 $16,797,101 $528,248
15,893 193,310 103,275
Total ¥1,518,830 Adjustments — Consolidated total ¥1,518,830
¥1,600,316 (81,486)
86,465 ¥1,720,222
Total $14,813,606 Adjustments — Consolidated total $14,813,606
$
$15,630,393
800,433 $584,670 $16,960,590
6,559 $732,511 40,642 $773,153
Ship & Offshore Structure
¥ 94,888 146,646 351,858
¥ 2,792 1,230 1,727
¥ 97,680 147,876 353,585
¥ (7,926) ¥ 9,299
155,063 171,323 378,982
¥ 995 2,914 13,435
¥52,063 153 —
¥ 2,672 2,536 28,760
Net sales reported on the consolidated financial statements
Rolling Stock
Millions of yen 2017
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Aerospace
45,657
2018
2016
2018
Gas Turbine & Machinery
236,445 135,668 333,595 133,175 108,821
16,634 14,205 1,117 15,518 38,927 92,150
253,079 149,873 334,712 148,693 147,748
16,961 8,515 15,769 8,542 2,899
314,549 120,741 243,733 142,960
4,333
745 17,276 1,332 371 3,004 ¥74,944 — ¥74,944
7,918
Income
Total for reportable segments Intersegment transactions Corporate expenses (*)
Plant & Infrastructure Motorcycle & Engine Precision Machinery Other
1,473 13,159 6,034 1,617 ¥43,960 5,044 ¥49,004
1,444 14,513 8,130 3,933 ¥69,906 6,404 ¥76,310
¥62,133 (95) (6,113)
¥52,992 (34) (6,998)
¥99,716 (22) (3,698)
$584,670 (893) (57,524)
Total ¥1,541,096 Adjustments —
¥ ¥
¥1,633,246
— ¥1,541,096 ¥95,996 ¥1,620,458
(*) Corporate expenses comprise mainly general and administrative expenses not attributed to reportable segments.
Consolidated total
¥1,541,096
Millions of yen 2017
Thousands of U.S. dollars
External sales
Total
assets
amortization
affiliates
External sales
Total
External sales
Total
assets
amortization
affiliates
(816,787) ¥1,574,242 ¥1,518,830 ¥1,541,096 $14,813,606
Sales
Other items
Sales
Other items
Intersegment sales and transfers
Segment income (loss)
in equity- Segment Depreciation/ method
and intangible assets
Intersegment sales and transfers
Segment income (loss)
Segment assets
Depreciation/ amortization
in equity- method affiliates
and intangible assets
(81,486)
¥ — ¥1,518,830 ¥
(7,032) (32,859)
Note: From the first quarter of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2019, the Company’s reportable segments will be changed to the Aerospace Systems segment, the Energy System & Plant Engineering segment, the Precision Machinery & Robot segment, the Ship & Offshore Structure segment, the Rolling Stock segment, the Motorcycle & Engine segment and the Other segment.
(d) Reconciliation and the main components of differences between the total for reportable segments and amounts on the consolidated financial statement for the years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
Sales
Other items
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Intersegment sales and transfers
Segment income (loss)
in equity- Segment Depreciation/ method
and intangible assets
(92,150)
Year ended March 31, 2017 Millions of yen
Year ended March 31, 2018
Year ended March 31, 2016 Millions of yen
71,372 ¥99,716 ¥1,598,723 (92,150) (92,150) (3,720) 21,735
Operating income (loss) on the consolidated financial statements
¥55,925
¥45,960
¥95,996
$526,253
Investment equipment
Investment equipment
Investment equipment
Net sales
Total for reportable segments Intersegment transactions
¥1,661,042 (86,800)
¥1,600,316 (81,486)
¥1,633,246 $15,630,393
Increase in property, plant and
Increase in property, plant and
Increase in property, plant and
2018
Millions of yen 2017
2016
2018
Assets
Total for reportable segments Intersegment transactions
Corporate assets shared by all segments (*)
¥1,802,402 (82,212)
¥1,720,222 (80,391)
¥1,598,723 (86,409)
$16,960,590 (773,614)
Total assets on the consolidated financial statements
64,838 ¥1,785,028
47,532 ¥1,687,363
108,144 ¥1,620,458
610,125 $16,797,101
(*) Corporate assets shared by all segments comprise mainly fixed assets not attributed to reportable segments.
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2018
2016
2018

                                                                                                                           93
94
Other items
consolidated financial statements ¥56,137 ¥51,564 ¥49,004
Type
Name
Location
Capital or investment Business or position
Rate of ownership (%) Description of relationship Details of transactions Amount of transactions Account
Nonconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company Affiliate of the Company
Depreciation/amortization
¥50,932 ¥46,430 ¥43,960
¥5,205 ¥5,134 ¥5,044
Commercial Airplane Co., Ltd. Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
¥10 million ($94 thousand)
Sales of transportation machinery Directly 40%
Increase in property, plant
and equipment and intangible assets
Other items
Total for reportable segments
Adjustments
Amounts reported on the consolidated financial statements
Ending balance Account Ending balance
¥43,820 million ($412,345 thousand) Advances from customers
¥72,515 million ($682,365 thousand)
Depreciation/amortization
$479,269
$48,979
$528,248
Increase in property, plant
and equipment and intangible assets
732,511
40,642
773,153
Year ended March 31, 2017 Nonconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company
(e) Related information
Type
Name
Location
Capital or investment Business or position
Rate of ownership (%) Description of relationship Details of transactions Amount of transactions Account
Affiliate of the Company Commercial Airplane Co., Ltd. Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
¥10 million
Property, plant and equipment
Year ended March 31, 2017 Nonconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company
2018 2017
Total for reportable segments
2017 2016 Adjustments(*)
2018 2017 2016 Amounts reported on the
Year ended March 31, 2018
(i) Sales by geographic region
Net sales for the years ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:
Japan
United States Europe
Asia
Other areas
¥
2018 668,369 381,156 172,203 237,298 115,216
¥ 648,166 371,249 177,900 220,901 100,614 ¥1,518,830
¥ 636,565 396,697 144,894 241,424 121,516 ¥1,541,096
$
2018 6,289,348 3,586,675 1,620,429 2,232,972 1,084,182
Japan
North America
Europe 3,239 Asia 27,424
27,750 3,054 28,865 904 ¥461,882
263,762 30,478 258,059 7,588 $4,514,897
Other areas Total
806 ¥479,798
Sales of Company products
(ii) Information by major clients
¥—
Year ended March 31, 2018 Clients
Other and Allowance for doubtful receivables in Investments and intangible and other assets
Ministry of Defense
¥237,737 million ($2,237,103 thousand)
Ship & Offshore Structure, Aerospace, Gas Turbine & Machinery, etc.
(*) The ending balance of loans to Enseada Indústria Naval S.A. is presented net of allowance for doubtful accounts. Allowance for above loans was recognized in the amount of ¥13,790 million. In addition, a provision of allowance for above loans was ¥4,583 million for the year ended March 31, 2017.
Year ended March 31, 2017 Clients
Net sales ¥236,861 million
Related segments
Ministry of Defense
Ship & Offshore Structure, Aerospace, Gas Turbine & Machinery, etc.
2016
2018
77,844 77,553 69,906 4,319 5,191 6,404 82,163 82,744 76,310 (*) Adjustment is due to mainly fixed assets not attributed to reportable segments.
Total
Net sales are based on the clients’ location and classified according to country or geographical region.
Ending balance Account Ending balance
Net sales
Related segments
Ending balance (*)
¥—
Millions of yen Year ended March 31,
Related Party Transactions
(a) Related party transactions for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:
Thousands of U.S. dollars Year ended March 31, 2018
Sales of Company products and board members Sales of Company products
¥116,936 million ($1,100,366 thousand)
Trade receivables
¥1,574,242
$14,813,606
Millions of yen
2017 2016
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Sales of transportation machinery
Directly 40%
Sales of Company products and board members Sales of Company products
¥130,785 million
Trade receivables
¥37,320 million
Advances from customers
¥46,476 million
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Type
Name
Location
Capital or investment Business or position
Rate of ownership (%) Description of relationship Details of transactions Amount of transactions Details of transactions Amount of transactions Account
Affiliate of the Company Enseada Indústria Naval S.A. Bahia, Brazil
¥12,219 million
2018 ¥420,299
2017 ¥401,309
2018 $3,955,010
28,030
Ship & Offshore Structure
26.
Directly 31.09%
Sales of Company products, loan of cash and board members
¥—
Loans of cash

                                                                                                                                                                                                95
96
27.
Subsequent Events
On June 27, 2018, the following appropriation of nonconsolidated retained earnings was approved at the ordinary meeting of shareholders of the Company:
28.
Other Matters
(a) Quarterly financial information
(b) A summary of the total financial information of affiliates which was the basis for calculating the equity in income of the nonconsolidated affiliates, including that of Nantong COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd., which is a significant affiliate, for the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 was as follows:
Current assets Fixed assets Current liabilities Long-term liabilities Net assets
2018 ¥158,821
2017 ¥147,214
2018 $1,494,504
Net sales
Income before income taxes and non-controlling interests Total net income
156,573 116,751 33,738 164,905 171,376 10,675 8,446
153,411 114,899 24,814 160,912 180,925 15,913 12,806
1,473,350 1,098,626 317,474 1,551,754 1,612,647 100,451 79,476
Cash dividends (¥30.0 per share)
$47,153
Year ended March 31, 2018 Net sales
Income before income taxes Net income (loss)
2nd Quarter ¥709,721 5,433 15,116 3,278 10,853
Net income (loss) per share—basic
¥86.9 Thousands of U.S. dollars
Year ended March 31, 2018 Net sales
Income before income taxes Net income (loss)
1st Quarter $3,155,443 51,124 30,845
2nd Quarter $6,678,469 142,241 102,126
3rd Quarter $10,279,185 255,631 136,633
4th Quarter $14,813,606 310,520 272,089
Net income (loss) per share—basic
$0.18
U.S. dollars
$0.61 $0.81
$1.62
Note: As the Company carried out a share consolidation with a 10:1 ratio of common shares with an effective date of October 1, 2017, net income per share has been calculated with the assumption that this share consolidation was carried out at the beginning of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
(b) Material lawsuits, etc.
KAWASAKI MOTORS ENTERPRISE (THAILAND) CO., LTD. (hereinafter, “KMT”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company in the Kingdom of Thailand, received a reassessment notification of customs duties for 4,029 million baht (equivalent to approximately 13,698 million yen ($ 128,898 thousand) when converted at a rate of 0.29 yen to 1 baht) from the Revenue Department of Thailand. KMT had until that time filed its customs duties in accordance with guidance from the Revenue Department. Since the content of the notification of reassessment lacked a legitimate basis and was extremely unreason- able, KMT could not accept it and submitted an appeal of the reassessment to the Commission of Appeal, the appeals body for tax assessments received from the Revenue Department of Thailand.
Based on the opinion of attorneys consulted regarding this matter, the Company maintains that there is a strong possibility KMT’s assertion will be upheld.
1st Quarter ¥335,329
3rd Quarter ¥1,092,369 27,166 14,520
4th Quarter ¥1,574,242 32,999 28,915
Yen ¥19.6 ¥65.0
¥173.1
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Millions of yen ¥5,011
Thousands of U.S. dollars
Millions of yen

     97
98
Executives
(As of October 1, 2018)
Directors
Sukeyuki Namiki
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Yuji Horiuchi
Chairman of the Board
Apr. 1980 Apr. 2015
Joined Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. Executive Officer
Vice President, Aerospace Company Managing Executive Officer
Yoshihiro Uetake
Shigeru Murayama
Apr. 1975 Jul. 2001
Joined Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd.
Senior Manager, Accounting Group,
Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd.
Director, Executive Officer, Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. Director, Managing Executive Officer,
Vice President, Aerospace Systems Company
Apr. 1974 Joined Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. Apr. 2010 President, Aerospace Company
Jun. 2013 President
Jun. 2016 Chairman+
Apr. 2016
Ichiro Kono
Representative Director, President and Chief Executive Officer
Yasuhiko Hashimoto
Apr. 2015 Jun. 2015
Yoshinori Kanehana
President, Precision Machinery & Robot Company
Akira Matsufuji
Chief Executive Officer
Apr. 1981 Apr. 2013
Joined Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.
General Manager, Robot Business Division, Precision Machinery Company
President, Precision Machinery & Robot Company+ Director, Managing Executive Officer+
Vice President, Rolling Stock Company
Apr. 1976 Oct. 2007
Joined Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.
General Manager, Project Management Division, Rolling Stock Company
Senior Vice President
President, Rolling Stock Company
Senior Executive Vice President
President
President and Chief Executive Officer+
Satoru Kohdera
Hiroshi Nakatani
Jun. 2013
Mitsumasa Sato
Apr. 2016 Jun. 2016 Apr. 2018
Apr. 1993 Jun. 2010 Jun. 2013 Apr. 2015 Dec. 2015 Apr. 2016 Jun. 2017
General Manager, Defense and Aerospace Project Division, Aerospace Systems Company
Representative Director, Vice President and Senior Executive Officer
Apr. 1973 May1998 Apr. 2001
Joined Bank of Japan GeneralManager,SapporoBranch,BankofJapan
Hiroyoshi Shimokawa
Kenji Tomida
Executive Director (Member of the Board), Osaka Securities Exchange Co., Ltd.
President & CEO (Member of the Board), Osaka Securities Exchange Co., Ltd.
Vice President, Aerospace Systems Company
Assistant to the President, in charge of Finance & Accounting,
Head Office administration, and Ship & Offshore Structure Company
Dec. 2003 Jan. 2013
Keigo Imamura
Apr. 1978 Jul. 2013 Jun. 2014 Apr. 2015 Dec. 2016 Apr. 2017 Apr. 2018
Joined Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.
General Manager, Corporate Planning Division
Senior Vice President
President, Motorcycle & Engine Company
General Manager, Corporate Planning Division
Senior Executive Vice President
Director, Vice President and Senior Executive Officer+
Atsuko Ishii
General Manager, Planning & Control Division, Ship & Offshore Structure Company
Munenori Ishikawa
Yoshiaki Tamura
Sep. 2012
Assistant to the President, in charge of Technology, Production, Procurement, Quality Assurance, and Rolling Stock Company
Apr. 1979 Mar. 2013
Joined Asahi Glass Co., Ltd. (At present: AGC Inc.) Representative Director and Executive Vice President, AGC Inc.
Shinji Fujita
Apr. 1975 Apr. 2009
Joined Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. General Manager, Manufacturing Division, Aerospace Company
President, Aerospace Company
Overall Business Management, GM of Technology General Division, Deputy Leader of AGC Group Improvement Activities President of Glass Company, AGC Inc.
Executive Vice President, President of Glass Company, AGC Inc. Assistant to CEO, AGC Inc.
ExecutiveFellow,AGCInc.+
Outside Director, DIC Corporation+
Outside Director, Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.+
Jul. 2014 Oct. 2015 Jun. 2017
General Manager, Robot Business Division, Precision Machinery & Robot Company
Jun. 2013 Jun. 2014 Apr. 2016 Apr. 2018 May 2018
Senior Vice President
Senior Executive Vice President
Director
Director, Vice President and Senior Executive Officer+
Hiroshi Ito
Director, Managing Executive Officer
Sep. 1989
Joined Haight Gardner Poor & Havens
(At present: Holland & Knight LLP)
Registered as Attorney at Law admitted in New York Joined Industrial Bank of Japan Limited
(At present: Mizuho Bank, Ltd.)
Joined Merrill Lynch Japan Securities Co., Ltd. Merrill Lynch Europe Plc
Bank of America Merrill Lynch (Hong Kong) GeneralCounselAsia,AsurionJapanHoldingsG.K.+ Outside Director, Mitsui & Co., Ltd.+
Outside Director, Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.+
In charge of General Administration Division, CSR Division, Legal Division, and Compliance
Kazuo Ota
Dec. 1990 Feb. 1991
Fellows
President, Motorcycle & Engine Company
Koji Kadota
Apr. 1978 Apr. 2012
Joined Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. General Manager, Planning & Control Division, Aerospace Company
General Manager, Corporate Planning Division Senior Vice President
President, Motorcycle & Engine Company+ Director, Managing Executive Officer+
General Manager, Corporate Technology Division
Toshimi Taki
Apr. 2015 Jun. 2015 Dec. 2016 Apr. 2018
President, Ship & Offshore Structure Company
Shinji Koga
Tatsuya Watanabe
Kazutoshi Honkawa
In charge of Aircraft Engineering, Aerospace Systems Company
President, Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
President, Rolling Stock Company
Tsutomu Fujigaki
Apr. 1981 Apr. 2013
Joined Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.
Senior Manager, Energy Plant Engineering Division, Plant & Infrastructure Company
President, Plant & Infrastructure Company
Senior Vice President
Director, Managing Executive Officer+
President, Energy System & Plant Engineering Company+
Audit & Supervisory Board Members
In charge of Helicopter Projects, Aerospace Systems Company
Apr. 2016 Jun. 2016 Apr. 2018
Apr. 1981 Joined Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.
Apr. 2014 Deputy General Manager, Corporate Planning Division Jun. 2016 Audit & Supervisory Board Member+
Hiroji Iwasaki
In charge of Gear System Technology, Aerospace Systems Company
Katsuya Yamamoto
Apr. 1982 May 2012
Joined The Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank, Limited
(At present: Mizuho Bank, Ltd.)
Joined Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.
Senior Manager, Overseas, Marketing Division General Manager, Finance & Accounting Division General Manager, Marketing Division
General Manager, Planning & Control Division, Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
General Manager, Corporate Planning Division, in charge of Risk Management
Eiichi Harada
*For reasons for appointment of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members, please refer to page 46.
Apr. 1981 Apr. 2011
Joined Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.
Senior Manager, Planning Department, Precision Machinery Company
General Manager, Corporate Planning Division+
Senior Vice President
Director, Managing Executive Officer+
Apr. Jul. Apr. Jun.
2013 2013 2016 2018
Deputy General Manager, Corporate Technology Division
Apr. 2017 Jun. 2017 Apr. 2018
Audit & Supervisory Board Member+
President, Aerospace Systems Company
Takashi Torizumi
Vice President, Motorcycle & Engine Company
Apr. 2018
President, Aerospace Company Managing Executive Officer
President, Aerospace Systems Company+ Director, Managing Executive Officer+
Jun. 2007 Apr. 2009
Vice President, Ship & Offshore Structure Company
Jun. 2018
Apr. 2011
In charge of Plant Engineering Division, Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
Apr. 2018 Jun. 2018
Apr. 1991
Admitted to Bar in Japan
Joined Ohshiro Law Office
(At present: Higashimachi LPC)
Partner of Higashimachi Law Office
Partner of Higashimachi LPC
Substitute Auditor, Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. President, Hyogo-ken Bar Association
Managing Partner of Higashimachi LPC
Vice President, Japan Federation of Bar Associations Audit & Supervisory Board Member,
Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.+
Deputy General Manager, Corporate Technology Division
Outside Directors
Makoto Shiota
Michio Yoneda
General Manager, Marketing Division
Jun. 2015 Jun. 2016
General Manager, Finance & Accounting Division
Jan. 2014 Mar. 2014 Jan. 2017 Mar.2017 Mar. 2018 Jun. 2018
Kouzou Tomiyama
Jenifer Rogers
Ikuhiro Narimatsu
General Manager, Commercial Engine Project Division, Aerospace Systems Company
Dec. 1994 Nov. 2000 Jul. 2006 Nov.2012 Jun. 2015 Jun. 2018
Yoshinori Mochida
In charge of Structural Engineering, Aerospace Systems Company
Director & Representative Executive Officer, Group COO, Japan Exchange Group, Inc.
Director, Tokyo Stock Exchange, Inc.
Outside Corporate Auditor, The Resolution and Collection Corporation+
Apr. 1980 Jul. 2009 Jul. 2010
Joined Ministry of Labour (At present: Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare)
Director-General, Osaka Labour Bureau, Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
Nobuhisa Kato
Outside Director, Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.+
General Manager, Precision Machinery Business Division, Precision Machinery & Robot Company
Katsuyoshi Fukuma
Executive Officers
Tatsuhiko Goi
Akio Nekoshima
Toshiyuki Mimura
In charge of Submarine & AUV Technology, Ship & Offshore Structure Company
Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd.
Representative Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd.
Director, Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd.
Audit & Supervisory Board Member,
Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.+
Akihisa Yamamoto
Deputy Director-General (in charge of equal
employment, child and family policy, and measures for declining birthrate), Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare Director-General, Equal Employment, Child and
Family Policy Bureau, Ministry of Health, Labour
and Welfare
Director-General for General Policy and Evaluation
(in charge of labor), Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare Director-General, Social Welfare and War Victims’ Relief Bureau, Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
Audit & Supervisory Board Member,
Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.+
Hidehiko Shimamura
Managing Executive Officers
Yu Koshiyama
Takeshi Ohata
In charge of Production Improvement, Corporate Technology Division
Vice President, Energy System & Plant Engineering Company
Toru Nohisa
Deputy General Manager, Marketing Division
Tetsuji Yuasa
General Manager, Personnel & Labor Administration Division
General Manager, Planning Division, Motorcycle & Engine Company
+Current Position

                                                99
100
Corporate Profile/Stock Information
Base/Major Subsidiaries Introduction
(As of March 31, 2018)
(As of July 1, 2018)
Corporate Profile
Offices in Japan
Major Subsidiaries in Japan
Overseas Subsidiaries & Affiliates
Trade Name Head Offices
Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.
● Kawaju Support Co., Ltd.
● Nantong COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd.
● Dalian COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd.
● Kawasaki Rail Car, Inc.
● Qingdao Sifang Kawasaki Rolling Stock Technology Co., Ltd. ● KHI Design & Technical Service Inc.
Incorporated President Paid-in Capital Net Sales
October 15, 1896
Yoshinori Kanehana
¥104,484 million
•Consolidated:
•Non-consolidated: ¥1,213,607 million (Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018)
● Alna Yusoki-Yohin Co., Ltd.
● Kawasaki Heavy Industries Machinery Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
● Anhui Conch Kawasaki Equipment Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
● Anhui Conch Kawasaki Energy Conservation Equipment Manufacturing Co., Ltd. ● Anhui Conch Kawasaki Engineering Co., Ltd.
● Shanghai COSCO Kawasaki Heavy Industries Steel Structure Co., Ltd.
Number of Employees
NIPPI Corporation
Stock Information
Production Bases in Japan
●
● Nippi Skill Corporation
● Kawaju Gifu Engineering Co., Ltd.
● Kawaju Gifu Service Co., Ltd.
● KGM Co., Ltd.
● Kawaju Akashi Engineering Co., Ltd.
● KEE Environmental Construction Co., Ltd.
● Kawasaki Environmental Plant Engineering Co., Ltd. ● Kawasaki Engineering Co., Ltd.
● Kawaju Facilitech Co., Ltd.
● EarthTechnica Co., Ltd.
● EarthTechnica M&S Co., Ltd.
● JP Steel Plantech Co.
● Kawasaki Thermal Engineering Co., Ltd.
● Kawasaki Machine Systems, Ltd.
● Kawasaki Prime Mover Engineering Co., Ltd.
● Kawasaki Naval Engine Service, Ltd.
● Kawasaki Motors Corporation Japan
● K-Tec Corporation
● Technica Corp.
● Autopolis
● Union Precision Die Co., Ltd.
● Kawasaki Robot Service, Ltd.
● Kawasaki Hydromechanics Corporation
● Medicaroid Corporation
● Kawasaki Trading Co., Ltd.
● Kawaju Service Co., Ltd.
● Kawasaki Technology Co., Ltd.
● Kawasaki Heartfelt Service Co., Ltd.
● K Career Partners Corp.
● Benic Solution Corporation
● Kawasaki Life Corporation
● Nippi Kosan Co., Ltd
Securities Code
Stock Listings
Share Unit Number
Total Number of Shares Authorized Total Number of Shares Issued Number of Shareholders
7012
Tokyo and Nagoya Stock Exchanges 100 shares
336,000,000 shares
167,080,532 shares
113,908 persons
From April 1 to March 31
March 31
September 30
June
● Gifu Works
● Nagoya Works 1 ● Nagoya Works 2 ● Kobe Works
● Hyogo Works
● Seishin Works
● Nishi-Kobe Works ● Akashi Works
● Kakogawa Works ● Harima Works
● Sakaide Works
Fiscal Year
Year-end Dividend Record Date
Interim Dividend Record Date
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
Major Shareholders
Tokyo Head Office: Kobe Head Office:
14-5, Kaigan 1-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8315, Japan Kobe Crystal Tower, 1-3, Higashikawasaki-cho 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Kobe, Hyogo 650-8680, Japan
● Tokyo Head Office
¥1,574,242 million (Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018) Consolidated: 35,805
● Kansai Engineering Co., Ltd.
•
•Non-consolidated: 16,423
● Hiroshima Office ● Fukuoka Office ● Okinawa Office
● NICHIJO CORPORATION
Shareholder
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Nippon Life Insurance Company
JFE Steel Corporation
Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. Kyoueikai
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 9)
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc.
Kawasaki Heavy Industries Employee Stock Ownership Association Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
Number of Shares Owned 9,268,500 6,388,400 5,751,661 4,578,240 4,176,412 3,607,319 3,488,000 3,057,799 2,980,821 2,973,400
Percentage 5.54% 3.82% 3.44% 2.74% 2.49% 2.15% 2.08% 1.83% 1.78% 1.77%
Overseas Offices
Classified by Type of Shareholder
Classified by Number of Holdings
Foreign Corporations 26.38%
Individuals
and Others 27.60%
100–499 shares 500–999 shares
8.41% 4.50%
duAro, the “duAro” logo, Successor, SOPass, the “SOPass” logo, efWING, NINJA, the “Ninja” logo, the “Z” logo, MULE, the “MULE” logo, JET SKI, and the “JET Ski” logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd. in Japan, the United States and/or other countries.
Domestic Corporations 9.85%
Securities Companies 1.90%
Less than 100 shares 0.08%
Financial Institutions 34.21%
500,000 shares and above 54.72%
100,000–499,999 shares 12.86%
1,000–4,999 shares 5,000–9,999 shares 10,000–49,999 shares 50,000–99,999 shares
9.29% 1.82% 5.01% 3.23%
Disclaimer Figures in this report appearing in forecasts of future business performance or similar contexts represent forecasts made by the Company based on information accessible at the time, and are subject to risk and uncertainty. Readers are therefore advised against making investment decisions reliant exclusively on these forecasts of business performance. Readers should be aware that actual business performance may differ significantly from these forecasts due to a wide range of significant factors arising from changes in the external and internal environment. Significant factors that affect actual business performance include economic conditions in the Company’s business sector, the yen exchange rate against the U.S. dollar and other currencies, and developments in taxation and other systems. This report not only describes actual past and present conditions of the Kawasaki Group but also includes for- ward-looking statements based on plans, forecasts, business plans and management policy as of the publication date. These represent suppositions and judgments based on information available at the time.
● Kobe Head Office
● Kawasaki Marine Engineering Co., Ltd.
● Corporate Technology Division
● MES-KHI YURA DOCK CO., LTD.
● Sapporo Office ● Sendai Office ● Nagoya Office ● Osaka Office
● Kawasaki Rolling Stock Component Co., Ltd.
● Taipei Office
● Bangkok Office
● KHI JPS Co., Ltd.
● Kawasaki Rolling Stock Technology Co., Ltd.
● Sapporo Kawasaki Rolling Stock Engineering Co., Ltd. ●
Due to changes in circumstances, the results and features of future business operations may differ from the content of such statements.
Shanghai Conch Kawasaki Engineering Co., Ltd.
● Kawasaki Gas Turbine Europe GmbH
● Kawasaki Gas Turbine Asia Sdn. Bhd.
● Kawasaki Gas Turbine Service RUS LLC
● Kawasaki Machinery do Brasil Máquinas e Equipamentos Ltda. ● Kawasaki Heavy Industries (Europe) B.V.
● Kawasaki Heavy Industries (H.K.) Ltd.
● Wuhan Kawasaki Marine Machinery Co., Ltd.
● Kawasaki Motors Manufacturing Corp., U.S.A.
● Kawasaki Motors Corp., U.S.A.
● Canadian Kawasaki Motors Inc.
● Kawasaki Motores do Brasil Ltda.
● Kawasaki Motors Europe N.V.
● Kawasaki Motors Pty. Ltd.
● India Kawasaki Motors Pvt. Ltd.
● PT. Kawasaki Motor Indonesia
● Kawasaki Motors (Phils.) Corporation
● Kawasaki Motors Enterprise (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
● Changzhou Kawasaki and Kwang Yang Engine Co., Ltd.
● Kawasaki Motors (Shanghai), Ltd.
● Kawasaki Precision Machinery (U.S.A.), Inc.
● Kawasaki Precision Machinery (UK) Ltd.
● Wipro Kawasaki Precision Machinery Private Limited
● Flutek, Ltd.
● Kawasaki Precision Machinery (Suzhou) Ltd.
● Kawasaki Precision Machinery Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
● Kawasaki Chunhui Precision Machinery (Zhejiang) Ltd.
● Kawasaki Robotics (U.S.A.), Inc.
● Kawasaki Robotics (UK) Ltd.
● Kawasaki Robotics GmbH
● Kawasaki Robotics Korea, Ltd.
● Kawasaki Robotics (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.
● Kawasaki Robotics (Kunshan) Co., Ltd.
● Kawasaki (Chongqing) Robotics Engineering Co., Ltd.
● Kawasaki Heavy Industries (U.S.A.), Inc.
● Kawasaki do Brasil Industria e Comercio Ltda.
● Kawasaki Trading do Brasil Ltda.
● Kawasaki Heavy Industries (U.K.) Ltd.
● Kawasaki Heavy Industries Middle East FZE
● Kawasaki Heavy Industries (India) Private Limited
● Kawasaki Heavy Industries (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
● Kawasaki Heavy Industries Management (Shanghai) Ltd.
● Kawasaki Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
● KHI (Dalian) Computer Technology Co., Ltd.
● Kawasaki Heavy Industries Russia LLC
● Kawasaki Trading (Thailand) Co., Ltd.

                                                                            