As a manufacturer of various modes of transportation, including ships, rolling stock, aerospace systems and motorcycles, Kawasaki seeks to respond to the greater movement of people and goods, paralleling
globalization, while reducing risk to the environment.

Contributing to a significant decrease in emis- sions of nitrogen oxide (NOx), sulfur oxide (SOx) and carbon dioxide (CO2) from ships through provision of marine vessels that run on LNG or hydrogen.

We are developing ships that use LNG for fuel to address restrictions on emissions of NOx and SOx from ships to prevent air pollution over the sea. The use of LNG presents a dramatic reduction in SOx compared with emissions released when heavy oil is used as fuel, while CO2 emis- sions are 20 to 30% less. As a result, the use of LNG helps to prevent the worsening of global warming. LNG-fueled ships are a practical alternative now, as we have moved into the commercialization stage. We are also working on the development of ships that will use hydrogen—the ultimate in clean energy—as fuel. Ships powered by hydrogen can operate without emitting any CO2 at all.

Helping to build a better global transportation infrastructure by manufacturing rolling stock that is safe and comfortable to ride in, highly reliable, excellent in terms of lifecycle cost efficiency, and saves energy, to minimize the burden on the environment.

We will promote participation in high-speed train projects at home and abroad and will continue to provide rolling stock to customers in Japan, North America and markets in Asia where we already have a solid presence, while raising our profile in emerging countries in Asia on proj- ects to build new rolling stock infrastructures. In addition, we will look into technology for monitoring trains in oper- ation that incorporates sensing capabilities, image analy- sis and IoT technology, to contribute to the realization of train systems boasting excellent cost efficiency over the entire lifecycle.

Providing air transportation systems combining excellent environmental performance with high safety and reliability.

Through our participation in the development of Boeing 787 and 777X aircraft as well as engines, such as the Trent series for Rolls-Royce plc and Pratt & Whitney’s PW1100G-JM, we will play a part in the steady supply of low fuel consumption aircraft and low fuel consumption engines. We will also focus on production and sale of the BK117 low-noise helicopter. We are keen to participate in joint international develop- ment of new, environmentally conscious aircraft and engines and thereby contribute to a better environment.

Developing, manufacturing and delivering envi- ronmentally friendly motorcycles, as well as models with “fun-to-ride” appeal and advanced rider-support features.

The underlying philosophy that drives product develop- ment at Kawasaki is built on “Fun to Ride,” “Ease of Riding” and “Better Environmental Performance,” and we are working to improve motorcycle performance, enhance rider-support features and respond to tougher standards on exhaust gas, noise and other environment-related regulations. With regard to C-ITS performance, Kawasaki joined the Connected Motorcycle Consortium, established by the motorcycle industry to focus on development, and a concerted effort is being directed toward putting C-ITS-compliant motorcycles on the market as soon as possible.

For electric motorcycles, hybrid motorcycles and other motorcycles powered by clean energy, we are building prototypes with future market potential and running tests to evaluate performance.