Section 4 Our business substructure Fundamentals of our value creation
We are always creative in the value we provide customers, and this consistency owes to our firm business fundamentals, which consist of our actions in-house in the areas of talent development, workstyle innovation and diversity/inclusion, as well as outside the company in achieving corporate respect for human rights and seeking stakeholder engagement, harmony with society and better supply chain management. As we continue to pursue higher corporate value, we made some new efforts for talent development both in and outside Japan to adapt to changing needs amid the COVID-19 situation.
Fundamentals of our value creation
     Mission of SATO Campus
Train needed talent
Develop understanding of corporate values
Provide opportunities to demonstrate strengths
SATO Campus incorporates various programs that place central focus on realizing the career goals of our employees. These programs aim to foster self-supportive and self-determining employees while providing them a deeper understanding of our corporate values and business value chain. We try to create opportunities for employees to apply the knowledge and skills they learned so as to take new challenges and bring out their best in work. The Campus also helps us cultivate a corporate culture that embraces change and respects diversity.
 Overview of SATO Campus
   Offerings
Resources for talent development
Empower, to learn from resources and from each other
Trainers (internal/external)
Equip, with knowledge and skills applicable to work
Core ideal
Help employees set, pursue and achieve career goals
One-on-one coaching/mentoring
Career progression planning (Identify career options)
Job transfer & rotation (Broaden/make the best of one’s work experience)
Motivate, to think differently and take actions
Mindset framing
Networking
SATO Values Business value chain
             Diversity, inclusion
(SATO Group Declaration of Diversity)
 Basic concept
The future we envision for the company brims with talent who practice our competitive advantage of genbaryoku and our corporate values that underlie it, to continuously create customer value that adds to our sustainable growth.
As the environment that surrounds our business changes rapidly, we must reset our legacy approaches and success models to acquire new knowledge and methodologies, which is only possible with a workforce where each and every employee is self-supportive and self-determining: thinking and acting autonomously to initiate changes on his or her own. We also provide employees training to develop strengths, as well as opportunities to demonstrate them at work, which would help build practical problem-solving skills.
Practical problem-solving came to use during the pandemic, when we found ourselves unable to display our core competency of visiting customer sites to understand
Recap of FY 2020
Japan
1. Conducted employee engagement survey
their pain points and offer the right solution as we had always done. Employees were quick to put what they had learned to work and not let the restriction stop them. They turned to information technologies to improve our customer engagement and outreach, going through trial and error to develop new ways of selling that would compensate for less direct contact with customers. Practical experience provides opportunities for employees to grow professionally, which is why we will continue integrating it into our employee training.
SATO also encourages the smallest of changes and improvements, initiated by our very own Teiho system (see Page 26) we started 45 years ago. We will speed efforts at building a workforce with diverse qualities and traits to bring different perspectives and values together to drive innovation and make it our corporate culture.
   For an organization to grow sustainably, it needs its people to be self-supportive, self-determining and highly motivated. We recognize that employee engagement — the extent to which employees trust or feel committed to the company and put discretionary effort into their work — has a proven influence on the company’s performance, which is why we started a survey in FY 2020 to measure it among our workforce. We obtained an overall engagement rating, which can be further segmented into scores for each engagement driver and sorted across different variables (such as employee age, department or job level) to help us identify our strengths and areas of improvement. We followed up by sharing the survey results internally and appointing engagement leaders at key departments (mainly those in charge of HR) to work on the low-scoring drivers. We will conduct this survey twice a year to keep monitoring and initiating improvements to raise employee engagement on a sustainable basis.
Worldwide
  2. Established SATO Campus
We established SATO Campus to spur talent growth and entrench our corporate values in the workforce to strengthen human capital in line with our medium-term management plan. Through this new function, we will take a comprehensive approach to HR development, to offer not just training but also programs for job transfer or assignment and channels for fostering connections between employees and their workplace and between workplaces.
Website set up in July 2021, providing an overview of SATO Campus, training courses/schedules and other related information all in one place.
Our Global HR Department positions employee training and development as one of its core strategies for nurturing talent. Business leaders in SATO Group companies around the world have been benefiting from leadership trainings and other HQ-driven programs that started in 2018. More recently, we initiated a new project to build a SaaS-based learning portal using AI technology to automatically customize online courses for employees according to their job role, skill level or learning progress. Through this project, we aim to transform how our group employees access training to improve their competencies in a more effective and efficient manner. We believe such efforts would help us retain outstanding talent and further attract new ones while laying down our foundation as a company that invests in its people.
  44 SATO HOLDINGS CORPORATION Integrated Report 2021
SATO HOLDINGS CORPORATION Integrated Report 2021 45