Section 4 Our business substructure Environmental responsibility
Global warming and ecological degradation cause climate change and biodiversity loss, posing serious threats to social stability. We consider environmental protection that helps curb climate change and maintain biodiversity indispensable to sustaining our business activities, and will double such efforts under our environmental policy and goals.
Environmental responsibility
       Our environmental policy
The SATO Group recognizes environmental protection as a priority common to humankind, and strives to improve the environment and prevent pollution for a sustainable world by conserving resources and energy, lessening waste, and reducing odor/noise pollution. We seek to provide greener products and services, and commit to contributing to the local community and protecting biodiversity.
In order to achieve our FY 2030 goal, we will begin installing energy-efficient LED lighting across logistics centers we operate in Japan, look into transitioning electricity-intensive facilities to renewable energy sources and gradually switch our gasoline-powered vehicles to eco-friendly cars.
Harmony with nature
One of our core businesses is consumables, which uses wood pulp to produce its main product line of labels. This is why we work to protect nature on a global scale in order to preserve biodiversity and restore the environment.
In March 2014, SATO started participating in the Forest of Companies project that the Tokyo Development Foundation for Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries promotes as part of its Pollenless Forestation* campaign. While we usually work with the foundation to maintain the pockets of forestland we sponsor, we also conduct events for employees to take part physically, but had to suspend them in FY 2020 due to the pandemic. In the future, we will continue to enhance environmental awareness in our employees by proactively carrying out business activities that help conserve the environment and volunteering in such forestation programs.
Solar panels at Kitakami
   Greenhouse gas emissions
Reducing carbon dioxide emissions is essential to tackling global warming and making our society sustainable. We understand that we are responsible for the environment, and work to monitor the carbon footprint of our business activities and promote tangible initiatives to stop global warming.
Referring to Japan’s greenhouse gas emission reduction targets announced by the government in April 2021, we have set bolder medium- to long-term targets with the aim to halve groupwide carbon dioxide emissions from FY 2013 levels by FY 2030.
 SATO’s targets and progress for carbon dioxide emission reduction (Japan)
Reduce Scope 1 & Scope 2 CO2 emissions
* A campaign to replace cedar and cypress plantations to a new variety of these trees that releases less pollen (1/100 of the existing variety). It aims to reduce airborne pollen that causes allergic reactions, while regenerat- ing forests, stabilizing wood supply and revitalizing forestry.
       Area of contribution
46 SATO HOLDINGS CORPORATION Integrated Report 2021
SATO HOLDINGS CORPORATION Integrated Report 2021 47
Key indicators
FY 2019 results
FY 2020 results
FY 2021 targets
FY 2030 targets
           CO2 emissions (t-CO2)
5,275
4,585
3,951
2,738 Cut by 50%
TOPIC
Optimizing production and logistics processes in our consumables business
       Relative to FY 2013
Down 3.7%
Down 16.3%
Cut by 27.8%
       Scope 1 covers direct emissions from company-owned sources (e.g., emissions associated with fuel combustion or industrial processes). Scope 2 covers indirect emissions from the consumption of purchased energy including electricity, heat and steam.
In Japan, we are taking actions to optimize our in-house value chain as one of our key strategies for improving profitability.
In order to deliver the best products and services for each region, market and
industry in a timely manner, we have been trying to realize high-mix, low-volume
consumables production at shorter lead time, especially for our genuine SATO
branded labels, noting that our competitive advantage ultimately depends on how
productive our production and logistics processes are. As addressing productivity
bottlenecks and losses in business activities also contributes to environmental
conservation, we make it one of our value-creation practices and focus efforts on it accordingly.
Our actions currently involve laying the necessary groundwork and standardizing product lineup based on order, production and shipping data that we have collected in-house and demand forecasts that we have developed with the insights of our market strategy divisions. In FY 2020, we made progress in analyzing and automating production processes for large-scale orders, installing ultraviolet LEDs and improving printing technologies at label factories, which helped us raise productivity, save energy and reduce inventory losses. In terms of logistics, we started using third-party distribution warehouses in Nagoya and Fukuoka to complement our own logistics centers located in eastern and western Japan. With these warehouses, our 44 domestic production and distribution sites become better connected to customers around the country, leading to shorter lead times and less carbon dioxide emissions.
We saw a significant year-on-year drop in carbon dioxide emissions from business activities in FY 2020, mainly attributable to a decrease in Scope 1 energy usage following our move to teleworking during the COVID-19 pandemic. As we also put solar panels into operation
and contracted a renewable power provider for Kitakami Operations (our main manufacturing facility in Japan) in September and October 2020 respectively, we were able to cut carbon dioxide emissions by about 762 metric tons at the plant alone in FY 2020.