SDGs and ESG: A Changing Environment and Social Perception
Katanozaka I recognize that SDGs and ESG are two significant movements among Japanese companies and important issues for corporate management. In addition to being expected by society, some investments are measured whether the corporate management concerns ESG. SDGs and ESG now represent very important factors in corporate value creation.
Kanie I see that not only companies but also the general public is more aware of the importance of sustainability these days. This movement will only grow faster as it becomes part of corporate behavior. Sometimes, a movement encounters a breakthrough event resulting in unexpected exponential growth. I feel the same will happen for SDGs and ESG.
 23Although the SDGs are goals meant to be accomplished by
the year 2030, some could be achieved by the Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games. This is particularly true for goals that enjoy a high level of public interest, including support for the disabled, the empowerment of women in society, and regional revitalization. A mega event such as the Olympic and Paralympic Games accelerates social change.
Katanozaka Recently, I had an opportunity to talk with
a Paralympic athlete, and she mentioned the difficulties she encounters when traveling by airplane. It was very eye-opening
to me. As we improve access through universal services, we must understand and remain aware of the standpoints of our diversifying customer base.
Kanie Experiencing an event like the Olympic and Paralympic Games can change perceptions and society. I think companies can use the SDGs as an effective tool in corporate activities. For example, developing the air travel more accessible and stress-free makes your contribution to SDG 10, Reduce inequality within and among countries, more visible. I’m confident that more people will choose ANA for air travel and investment because of your efforts
for sustainability. I also encourage you to track and disclose increases in passenger numbers, and changes in customer feed- back toward the ANA Group.
Katanozaka The ANA Group sets numerical targets for strategic material issues, checking our progress on an annual basis. For example, we monitor data related to several issues, including controlling CO2 emissions, with which every airline company struggles, limiting CO2 emissions across all business locations, and increasing the number of women in management roles.
Kanie That’s wonderful. Due to their earnest nature, Japanese companies tend to focus on setting and achieving numerical targets. SDG targets are a bit more optimistic. SDG targets are set to higher hurdles to make everyone aim together. These targets inspire employees, motivating them to be happy and energetic in their work. I think setting and working to achieve goals that are a little less binding could make the process more enjoyable.
 Creating Social and Economic Value through Contribution to the SDGs
Kanie Some view the SDGs simply as a matter of ethics or good practices. But, the world will not take action if the SDGs are not connected to behavioral economics or corporate profits. Higher profits attract more people, making it a sustainable activity in a real sense. International agreements on sustainable development so far have highlighted environmental concerns. These agreements required additional costs and became a burden to the companies. The main feature of the SDGs is that they include social value and economic value in addition to environmental concerns. It’s important to recognize that economic issues have both environmental and social aspects.
Katanozaka I agree that the concept of sustainability is very important. Growth and sustainability are critical elements in CSR, the 10 principles of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), and the 17 targets of the SDGs. Companies are meant to reward their investors with growth. Ongoing profits allow for social contri- bution, so sustainability is an extremely important key concept. I believe it is important to inform investors about our initiatives related to sustainability, the environment, and other social issues. Being a component member of the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index and the Dow Jones Sustainability Asia Pacific Index is a great motivator, as is our selection as a Nadeshiko Brand. Ratings agencies tend to give considerable weight to ESG investment; for example, green bond is likely to become an important topic this year.