Initiatives Contributing to SDGs
 Kanie As a customer, I am very famil- iar with your in-flight meals. I’m curious about your initiatives related to food loss*. I assume this corresponds to SDG 12, Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns. It’s not just a matter of assigning an initiative to a particular SDG. I think you would be best served to dem- onstrate how working toward a goal leads to achievement of an SDG over time.
* Food loss is also known as food waste. Unsold, expired, or leftover food items that could have been consumed, but have been disposed instead. Estimated food waste
in Japan accounts for 6.46 million tons per year. This is almost double the volume of food aid assistance delivered worldwide by the World Food Programme. (Source: Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries))
Katanozaka Our food loss initiative was prompted by a suggestion from the ANA Singapore city / airport office about unused in-flight snacks that can keep for a certain period of time. In October 2016, we partnered with a local catering company and a nongovernmental organization (NGO) to donate unused in-flight snacks to local childcare centers. Being overseas provides easier access to information about global trends. This insight can lead to specific programs, which contribute to progress toward the SDGs. If every one of the more than 40,000 ANA Group employees embraced the SDGs, their new ideas could do more than just contribute to SDG progress; they could also lead to valuable business opportunities.
Kanie One of the best aspects of the SDGs is that they can be advanced from a bottom-up approach. Fostering initiatives distributed across an organization is better than having them imposed from the top down. The process might be similar to people bringing business ideas together to share and build on.
Katanozaka The ANA Group identifies the Environment, Human Rights, Diversity and Inclusion, and Regional Revitalization as four material issues. Initiatives in other areas tend to receive less attention, so we need to broaden our base. In July 2012, the ANA Group started a forest preservation project called ANA Forest of the Heart in Minamisanriku, Miyagi Prefecture. That project continues to this day, not only contributing to post-disaster recovery, but also to new businesses that sell products made using the forest timber. I think it is important to include economic recovery and local employment in the equation, helping businesses grow profits and recover investments.
Kanie Although the SDGs are global targets, on closer inspection, they represent issues that can be addressed locally. Combining two or more together can even stimulate ideas for potential projects, serving as a source of innovation. 
 25
Katanozaka We believe the ANA Group can contribute directly to about seven of the 17 SDGs through our business activities. But, there could be other ways to contribute as well. For example, there are nearly 9,000 cabin attendants at the ANA Group who can use their positions to observe and note passenger behavior to prevent human trafficking via aircraft. We are working to raise their
awareness and share the importance of this awareness. The SDGs include room for such innovation.
Kanie That is absolutely correct. Changing awareness changes behavior.Expectations of Top Management
Kanie The first step is to set goals, but companies shouldn’t be too rigid. I think it is important share a vision of the end target with employees. Set aspirational goals that excite the world. If you analyze the data collected through your air transportation business, I believe you will uncover surprising ways you already contribute to the SDGs. It is important to disclose this information, too. As an ANA customer, I hope the ANA Group can find ways to provide an even higher degree of transparency in disclosures.
Katanozaka Thank you very much for your wonderful advice.
I view SDGs, ESG, and CSR in a wider sense as an intrinsic part of management. Looking more closely, I think we will find that these principles hold true for the planet, for humankind, and for all living things. The ANA Group has made progress step by step in our CSR initiatives. However, we still have much more to do. I commit to demonstrating leadership in working with the more than 40,000 group employees in daily, concentrated efforts toward making a positive difference in the communities and market sectors we serve across the world. 