60 Material Issues Environment
As an airline group centered on the air transportation business, we are working to control CO2 emissions.
Basic Approach
Contributions to SDGs
      In response to the Paris Agreement signed at the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21), the government of Japan set its own targets related to the reduction of greenhouse gas emission for 2020 and beyond.
Meanwhile, the aviation industry is showing an increasing awareness about controlling CO2 emissions. Based on the resolutions of the 2016 General Assembly of the International Civil Aviation Organization (composed of the member states of the ICAO), global airline companies have made an international commitment to generate carbon-neutral growth (CNG2020) in the year 2021 and beyond.
The ANA Group is committed to reducing the environmental footprint of our operations. In 1998, we reorganized the ANA Group Environmental Principles. Our environmental initiatives stem from our ANA FLY ECO 2020 environmental plan covering 2012 through 2020.
In June 2017, we established the ANA Group Environmental Policies. These policies demonstrate to be the world that we aim to be the leading airline group in environmental policy.
 “ANA FLY ECO 2020” Medium- to Long-Term Environmental Plan for FY2012–2020
 キ ミ の 描 く 空 が 、青 い ま ま だ と い い な 。
誰 よ り も 空 に 近 い 存 在 と し て 、誰 よ り も 空 の こ と を 考 え る 。
そ れ が 、私 た ち A N A の 責 任 で す 。
そこでANAでは、中長期環境計画「 ANA FLY ECO 2020 」をはじめています。 有償輸送トン・キロメートルあたりのCO2 排出量を20%※ 削減するという数値目標のもと、※2005年比  航空燃料の削減やバイオ燃料の導入といった空の上での活動をはじめ、 電気自動車の導入や森づくり・サンゴの再生活動など、
陸 の 上 や 海 の 中 に お い て も 、そ の 先 の 空 を 見 つ め て 、さ ま ざ ま な 環 境 活 動 を 展 開 し て い ま す 。 この空がある限り、
A N A の 取 り 組 み に 、終 わ り は な い の で す か ら 。
 ANA Group Environmental Principles
(formulated in 1998)ANA Group Environmental Policies
(formulated in June 2017)
ANA Group, recognizing the global environmental issues, including climate change and the conservation of biodiversity,
as a quintessential management task, aims to be an “Environmental Leading Airline Group” through all engaged activities.
Implementation Structure
The Group CSR / Risk Management / Compliance Committee oversees two subcommittees dedicated to reducing our environmental impact: The Eco-First Subcommittee (dealing with flight operations) and the Ground Energy Subcommittee (dealing with ground operations).
Our main environmental concern is our aircraft, which are a major source of CO2 emissions. Here, we intend to create economic value by controlling fuel costs, while creating social value by reducing our environmental footprint.
Certified Eco-First Company
Group CSR / Risk Management / Compliance Committee
    Eco-First Subcommittee
Ground Energy Subcommittee
 In 2008, ANA became the first-ever company in airline and transport industry certified by the Minister of the Environment as an Eco-First Company. We received this honor in recognition of our commitment to social responsibility.
In fiscal 2017, we began sorting cabin waste (glass, cans, and PET bottles) from all inbound international flights. Further, all plastic beverage cups and salad bowls used on international flights are made from recycled PET bottles. These are two examples of how we promote appropriate recycling to reduce our environmental impact.
  
Reducing CO2 Emissions
The ANA Group has upgraded to fuel-efficient aircraft and intro- duced a number of other improvements to control CO2 emissions from our aircraft. Fuel-efficient aircraft represent the most effective way we can reduce CO2 emissions. As of March 2017, fuel-efficient aircraft accounted for 69.5% of the ANA fleet. The Boeing 787 is our main medium-body aircraft, nearly 20% more fuel efficient than the Boeing 767.
Under CNG2020, international airlines are required to comply with MRV (monitoring-reporting-verification) regulations, tracking fuel consumption of aircraft operating on international routes and having this data verified by a third-party agency.
After verification, the companies report this fuel consumption data to government authorities. We are preparing now to comply with these regulations, including a mechanism for collecting and send- ing fuel consumption data from aircraft to ground-based systems.
Reducing Ground Energy Consumption
Every company in the ANA Group works to reduce energy consumption. ANA, ANA Catering Service, and ANA Foods (Specified Business Operators under the Act on the Rational Use of Energy) have received Excellence in Energy Efficiency Award (S Class)* certification under the Act on the Rational Use of
Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) Rating
Since FY2016, the ANA Group has disclosed greenhouse gas emissions data corresponding to Scope 1, 2, and 3 as defined in the Act on the Rational Use of Energy. This data is verified for accuracy by a third-party agency.
The Leading Airline Group
ANA served as host for the 27th meeting of the Environment Committee of International Air Transport Association (IATA), held in Tokyo in March 2018. The meeting, which featured lively discussions about CNG2020 preparations, was attended by 38 delegates representing the 26 IATA member airlines and industry groups.
We will continue to participate actively in industry environmental initiatives, and take a leadership role in creating new rules.
The use of biojet fuel and emissions credits represent two other initiatives we have adopted to reduce our environmental impact.
Progress toward Targets
Reduction of CO2 emissions per revenue ton-kilometers (Total for domestic and international services)
WEB
See the ANA Group corporate website for more: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/environment/
61
   Target: Reduce by 20% from FY2005 to FY2020
Progress: Reduce by 23% (As of March 31, 2018)
 Energy of the Ministry of Trade, Economy and Industry in each of the three years since this scheme was established.
In October 2017, we launched a new environment data integrated
management system called ANA Eiims. The system has improved
our accuracy in environment data input, monitoring, and analysis.
* Business locations achieved at least one percent reduction in energy consumption intensity over five fiscal years.
In response to investor requests for disclosure, the ANA Group received a CDP assessment for greenhouse gas emissions and climate change data. We received an A- rating, compared to an industry average C rating.
    27th meeting of the IATA Environment Committee in Tokyo