62 Material Issues Human Rights
Contributions to SDGs
    The ANA Group is actively promoting efforts to respect human rights with an emphasis on stakeholder engagement.
Basic Approach
The ANA Group is committed to upholding human rights in accordance with the global standards provided in the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. In April 2016, we established the ANA Group Policy on Human Rights. We based this policy on the International Bill of Human Rights (the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and two International Covenants), the International Labour Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact, and the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. We will encourage our contractors and suppliers to adopt similar policies.
We believe that respect for human rights lies at the very foundations of the philosophy of the SDGs, which is to “leave no one behind.” The ANA Group will foster a clear understanding of this principle, as we continue to engage in initiatives that respect human rights.
Implementation Structure
The Group CSR / Risk Management / Compliance Committee, led by the Chief CSR Promotion Officer, discusses human rights initiatives within the ANA Group (identified risks, response plans, progress, etc.). Also the committee works closely with CSR Promotion Leaders in each group company and department to advance initiatives related to respect for human rights.
Publish of Human Rights Report 2018
We released our Human Rights Report 2018 in May 2018. The
ANA Group endeavors to disclose appropriate information related to corporate responsibility for human rights. Our reports conform to the UN Guiding Principles Reporting Framework, which provides a comprehensive guideline for reporting on corporate correspondence of human rights issues.
https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/effort/pdf/Human_Rights_Report_2018_e.pdf
Regular Initiative Reviews With Human Rights Experts
     MESSAGE FROM OUR CEO 2
Guided by the UNGP framework, the ANA Group published its Policy on Human Rights in April 2016. In this, we state explicitly that “the Policy will apply to all officers and employees of the ANA Group” and that we will “continuously encourage [our] business partners and suppliers not only to support the Policy but also to adopt a similar policy, and will cooperate with its business partners and suppliers in promoting respect for human rights”. In addition, the ANA Group has started to conduct human rights impact assessments, to analyze and assess the potential negative effects our business may have on stakeholders, and to identify priority human rights issues where we should focus our activities. Now we are in the process of planning and taking some practical measures to deal with the human rights issues that we have identified. Respect for human rights is also included in the ANA Group’s Corporate Strategy for 2018-2022, published in February 2018.
Respecting human rights requires a continuous approach – it is a life-long journey. We have taken our first step on this journey, and we expect to take further steps to deepen our human rights activities. Nevertheless, we recognize that we are accountable to stakeholders for our actions. This report is one step towards fulfilling that responsibility, and towards holding ourselves accountable for explaining how we see and identify risks, and how we plan to manage those risks.
We would appreciate any comments and feedback on our activities, and would like to learn from you in order to further our progress. This will serve towards “fulfilling the hopes and dreams of current and future generations”, as stated in our group mission statement.
Human Rights Report 2018
Shinya Katanozaka
President and Chief Executive Officer
Safety is of the utmost importance to the ANA Group, and is the very foundation of our business management. Based on this foundation, the ANA Group aims to be the world’s leading airline group, both by generating economic and social value and by creating sustainable growth.
Recognising the growing expectation of businesses in relation to human rights, the ANA Group has taken several measures to respect human rights since 2015. The ANA Group interacts with
mataonuyrsctaoknetrhaocltdoerrss,aindclusudpinpglierms.pWloyeewesil,l cuosntoinmuertsoarnedspweocrtktehres rights of these stakeholders by acting in alignment with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs).
   The ANA Group holds advisory meetings with human rights experts on a regular basis. In September 2017, we invited two leading experts from the Danish Center for Human Rights*1 and the Institute for Human Rights and Business*2 to evaluate the responses of the ANA Group to the advice received last year. These experts recommended useful principles and guidelines to keep in mind when executing initiatives. They also discussed the effectiveness of working in cooperation with outside parties (other companies, industry groups, economic federations, government, CSOs*3).
*1 The Danish Center for Human Rights was established by the Danish Parliament to gather information and develop tools related to human rights and business.
*2 Founded in 2009, the Institute for Human Rights and Business is an international think-tank active in the field of business and human rights. This Institute is a leading driver of initiatives in this field.
*3 CSO (Civil Society Organization) is a general term, applied collectively to groups of non-government, non-profit public benefit organizations including NGOs, NPOs, community groups, and volunteer groups.
Review With Human Rights Experts
HUMAN RIGHTS REPORT 2018
 Human Rights Report 2018 1
 
Responding to Human Rights Issues Identified Through Risk Assessments
In 2016, we conducted a review to identify potential risks related to human rights in every location where the ANA Group operates. Our evaluation identified three key issues for risk prevention.
WEB
See the ANA Group corporate website for more: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/human_rights/
63
 Understanding the Workplace Environment of
Foreign Workers in Japan
With the cooperation of local contractors, we engaged an inde- pendent third-party agency to help us assess working conditions for non-Japanese nationals employed as ground handling staff at airports. This survey included direct interviews with workers and inspections of living arrangements. We intend to expand the scope of this survey in the future.
Strengthening In-Flight Meal Supply Chain Management
In 2017, the ANA Group became the first Japanese company to join the Bluenumber Initiative*4. The ANA Group is committed to establishing a transparent food supply chain structure for in-flight meals by registering information of the producers and vendors to the Bluenumber platform. This initiative will also help us ensure
Producer and vendor information mapped on the Bluenumber Initiative administration site
Engagement With Our Stakeholders
respect for human rights and environmental preservation through- out the production process.
Preventing Human Trafficking Via Air Transportation
In April 2018, we invited representatives from the United States NPO Airline Ambassadors International*5 to Japan to present a workshop based on their Anti-Trafficking training program for airlines. We will work with other related entities to develop the program that prevents our services from being used to commit human rights violations.
Anti-Trafficking workshop conducted by Airline Ambassadors International
*4 The Bluenumber Initiative is a global program to establish food supply chain platforms by Bluenumber Foundation.
*5 Initially a network of airline employees, Airline Ambassadors International has become an NPO working to prevent human trafficking.
   The ANA Group understands that engagement with our stakeholders is a key component of our business activities, and we make opportunities to interact with stakeholders on a regular basis.
Communication With Our Employees
As part of our efforts to educate and train our employees about respect for human rights, we required all employees to complete an e-learning course on Corporate Social Responsibility and Human Rights in February 2018. This was the second such train- ing since fiscal 2016. A total of 87 percent of employees com- pleted the module during the month.
Influencing Business Partners
We inform all contractors and suppliers of the ANA Group Purchasing Guidelines. We work together to ensure their work- place environments uphold respect for human rights.
Dialogue with Overseas Institutions
In May 2018, representatives of the ANA Group visited Thailand to listen to the experiences of actual human trafficking victims and to hold discussions with the Thai government and NGOs about human rights issues in Thailand.
 Dialogue in Thailand