64 Material Issues
Diversity and Inclusion
The ANA Group respects diversity among
our customers and contributes to an inclusive society that values and welcomes all people.
Basic Approach
Contributions to SDGs
       As we approach the year 2020, we see a rapidly changing environment in which people, goods, culture, and information move on a global scale. In this changing environment, being chosen and trusted by a diverse customer base will be critical for future ANA Group growth. We believe our responsibility as a public transportation organization is to serve an inclusive society through our businesses.
The ANA Group respects diversity, and we are pushing forward to provide world-class inclusive and universal services* that support a sustainable society in which no one is left behind.
Implementation Structure
We created a policy for inclusive and universal services* to reflect our shared values and foster a culture that makes every customer feel welcome. Under this policy, we carry out programs to improve our facilities and services.
* Facilities, products, information, and services allowing stress-free access to all customers, regardless of culture, language, nationality, age, gender, or disability.
    Excerpt from the policy
Our Goals • Maximize comfort and convenience in all aspects of the customer’s travel experience • Create new value by accepting diversity and individuality, tailoring services to
customer needs
Initiatives Facilities Services
   Service Legacy of Diversity, Implementation of Barrier-Free Mindsets
The ANA Group sponsors programs that encourage the implementation of barrier-free mindsets for an inclusive society.
• Implement the recommendations of the Tokyo 2020 Accessibility Guidelines for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games
• Advance universal services responding to the needs of a super-aging society
• Activities that encourage an inclusive society and the implementation of barrier-free mindsets
• Expand universal service training to back office staff
    Visually Impaired Soccer 750
Japan Walk in Tokyo 740
Participants
ANA employees walked alongside Olympic and Paralympic athletes to learn more about sports and disabled people at an official event sponsored by the Tokyo Organizing Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games.
Implementation of
Barrier-Free Mindsets 600
Participants
Seminar series featuring Paralympians and guest instructors from NPOs, universities.
Experience
Participants
   We developed and rolled out our own training program across all locations in Japan, calling in instructors from the Japan Blind Football Association.
The ANA Group continues to improve service standards, ensuring comfort and peace of mind for all customers.
Universal Service Training for All Employees
• All employees now required to participate in universal service training for front-line personnel
We continue to offer equipment and facilities at domestic airports to ensure our diverse base of customers from around the world enjoy comfortable, welcoming service in every situation.
Flight Boarding Experience for Developmentally Disabled Children
• Joint initiative with Narita International Airport • Designed to relieve the stress of the boarding
process for children and their families
• Promote awareness of diversity among
all staff involved in product/service planning and development
Audio and Braille Versions of WING SPAN
• Audio recordings available for eight essays and other articles from the ANA WING SPAN in-flight magazine
    • Cabin crew carry braille editions as necessary The ANA Group aims to cultivate human resources capable of leading the movement toward a barrier-free mindset within Japanese society.
Facility Legacy of Diversity
WEB
See the ANA Group corporate website for more: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/customer_diversity/
65
 Airport (Departures/Arrivals)
• Morph resin wheelchairs and HandyWalk walkers
Lounge
• Low counters at customer service desks
• Improved accessibility in lounge traffic paths
Boarding
• Wider boarding gates
Aircraft
• Special on-board wheelchairs
• Wheelchair-accessible restrooms
on selected narrow-body aircraft (Airbus A320 neo/A321)
      The ANA Group has been widely praised for our service innovations, including the Morph resin wheelchair, 17-language electronic communication support boards, and PBB adaptors for propeller planes. We were the first company in the airline industry to receive the Prime Minister’s Award in the Promotion of Barrier-Free and Universal Design Awards.
Becoming an LGBT-Friendly Airline Group
In accordance with the ANA Group Diversity and Inclusion Declaration, we strive to further the acceptance of LGBT individuals by and among all group employees. As part of our efforts, we published the ANA Group LGBT Booklet in June 2018.
Along with LGBT-friendly innovations that include recognizing same-sex couples under the ANA Mileage Service program, the ANA Group will introduce new ways to promote awareness within our organization.
  