66 Material Issues
Regional Revitalization
Contributions to SDGs
    The ANA Group is committed to economic revitalization and international interchange worldwide, in the areas where we operate.
Basic Approach
Japan is famous for its traditional culture and tourism attractions. On the other hand, Japan faces concerns about falling populations in rural areas and the gradual decline of traditional industries. The ANA Group works together with other companies, NGOs, NPOs, and local governments to be a bridge to deliver the rich heritage of Japan to the world. Our efforts contribute to regional revitalization while generating aviation demand over the long term. Through social contribution activities in the areas where we operate, we seek to build productive relationships with stakeholders and resolve social issues.
Implementation Structure
In October 2017, we set up the Tourism Development within ANA Marketing Sales to integrate the ANA Group company initiatives and maximize results in a more coordinated fashion.
The Tourism Development drives the ANA Group Regional Revitalization Meeting to coordinate among group companies, pursuing strategic actions for regional revitalization by leveraging the comprehensive resources of the ANA Group to promote tourism.
        Government Agencies
ANA ANA Tourism
Sales Development Domestic
Offices Tourism Promotion
Tourism Strategies
Major Initiatives
The ANA Group focuses on two initiatives in “Regional Revitalization (Tourism Promotion)” and “Social Contribution.”
ANA Strategic Research Institute
ALL NIPPON AIRWAYS TRADING
ANA Sales
ANA Business Solutions
ANA Cargo
ANA department overseas HQs, Offices
ANA HOLDINGS Group companies
Actions, e.g.
Secondments, consulting, surveys, etc.
ANA Group advertising media, promotions, merchandising, etc.
Travel package planning, promotion, and sales Provide ANA Group expertise
Expansion of export regional/local products Marketing and promotions for inbound travel Comprehensive partnership agreements Cross-organizational initiatives
         ANA Group Regional Revitalization Meeting
         Regional Revitalization (mainly tourism promotion)
• Offer consulting services leveraging ANA Group human resources • Discover and market tourism resources throughout Japan
• Develop, distribute, and sell local products
• Establish systems to host foreign visitors to Japan
• Stage promotional campaigns involving air transportation services • Promote domestic/international tourism via ANA flights
• Develop training programs incorporating ANA Group expertise
Social Contribution
• Participate in reconstruction activities
(Regional recovery support after large-scale disasters)
• Support environmental and biodiversity conservation programs (Project to regenerate coral reefs in Okinawa, etc.)
• Develop next-generation education programs (Aviation Class, career training, etc.)
• Overseas in the areas where we operate implement social contribution programs
(Educational support, tourism resource preservation, etc.)
Local Government, DMOs, etc.
WEB
See the ANA Group corporate website for more: https://www.ana.co.jp/group/en/csr/regional_creation/
67
 Regional Revitalization Initiatives (mainly tourism promotion)
Partnering With Local Governments
The ANA Group enters into partnership agreements with local governments to promote regional revitalization and collaborate to resolve social issues. Agreements typically cover tourism, culture, sports, increase inbound populations, alliances with overseas businesses, and disaster relief.
As of July 2018, the ANA Group has signed agreements with eight prefectures (Mie, Shizuoka, Hokkaido, Kochi, Tokushima, Oita, Miyazaki and Miyagi). We will continue to collaborate with them using our comprehensive strengths.
Leveraging Air Transportation Services
In 2013, we launched Tastes of Japan by ANA, which showcases local cuisine, sake, sweets, and cultural traditions from the 47 prefectures of Japan. The ANA Group encourages inbound travel to outlying regions and contributes to regional revitalization by introducing in-flight meals and desserts featuring local specialties. We also highlight regional cultures and information about Japanese famous tourism destinations in our in-flight magazine and enter- tainment program, on our website, etc.
ANA Cargo Inc. recently opened a Kitakyushu route to improve convenience of cargo transportation into and out of Kyushu. Our Okinawa cargo hub provides next-day delivery of goods from anywhere in Japan into an expanding range of locations in China and Asia. We plan to restructure our cargo network and use the ANA Group network to accelerate profitability while encouraging the export of local specialties.
Regional Revitalization Through Tourism
ANA Strategic Research Institute Co., Ltd., serves as the secretariat of the ONSEN & Gastronomy Tourism Association.
The association began activities during fiscal 2017, offering ONSEN & Gastronomy Walking Tours in 16 locations in Japan. About 3,000 people participated in these tours during the year. These walking tours and events are new tourism tools attracting people to experi- ence the nature, culture, history, and local cuisine in the hot springs town area. The association plans to develop onsen (hot springs) throughout Japan to appeal world-wide, designed to stimulate interaction with these areas and encourage long-stay tourism.
ONSEN & Gastronomy Tourism website
https://onsen-gastronomy.com/en
  ANA signed a comprehensive partnership agreement with Oita prefecture in October 2017
  Launch of regular cargo service between Kitakyushu and Okinawa in June 2018
       ONSEN & Gastronomy Walking Tour

     68 Material Issues
Regional Revitalization
Social Contribution * ANA Blue Academy Mirai Tsukuru is a certified Tokyo 2020 program.
ANA Introduces a Next-Generation Education Program Using Group Resources
       ANA Blue Academy Mirai Tsukuru
Total of 1,827 students
at 21 schools (as of June 30, 2018)
   Launched in October 2017, ANA Blue Academy Mirai Tsukuru is a career education program for fifth and sixth graders. ANA plans to roll out this program in all 47 prefectures by March 2019.
We designed this program in accordance with new government guidelines for education. Students work with their friends in an active learning environment discussing and creating solutions to various issues. ANA Group pilots, cabin attendants, aircraft mechanics, ground staff, and ground handling staff serve as instructors, sharing the view of their work and the ANA’s Way core values. Through these experiences, we offer oppor- tunities for children to learn the importance of having and striving to follow their dreams.
School teachers experiencing the program have mentioned that it encourages children to dream and reach for the future, inspired by the words and experiences of career professionals.
The ANA Group is proud to contribute to the education of future generations through the ANA Blue Academy Mirai Tsukuru.
  Experiencing the roles of aircraft mechanic, pilot, and cabin attendant Maki Wakae
(President, Career Link Inc.)
Message From Maki Wakae,
Program Development and Operation Partner
When ANA Group representatives visit a class, they always tell the teachers that they have come to deliver dreams and futures to the children. All teachers are instantly fascinated to the message from the instructors in uniforms and their smiles.
In today’s chaotic and ever-changing world, traditional education has reached a major crossroads in dealing with what and how to teach the children who will be taking over in future generations.
What is important for career education programs is to present real-world themes that highlight a company’s internal workings. Learning in person from active professionals provides a type of education that bridges the gap between learning and society. In the beginning, instructors and students look nervous. Gradually, their facial expressions turn to smiles, and the children begin to envision their own dreams and goals, inspired by the message and experiences of the instructors. Children are interested in listening to adults who work on the front lines of business talk about their core values and main concerns related to work, as well as how they approach their future.
This program provides children an opportunity to learn what it means to strive toward future dreams and goals. I believe that the ANA Blue Academy Mirai Tsukuru provides learning connected to society, which is something needed in current Japanese education.