                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 INTEGRATED REPORT
For the year ended March 31, 2020
2020
 
Our Mission
The Sanwa Group is committed to offering products and services that provide safety, security and convenience to further contribute to the prosperity of society.
Our Values
• To deliver products and services to satisfy all customers.
• To become a true global player and be highly valued in each market in the world. • To bring together the creativity of each individual in a team environment for the
enhancement of corporate value.
PDCA SAKURA
The employees of the Sanwa Group, not satisfied with the current situation, maintain a critical mindset in doing their jobs in order to continue to pursue their best work. We review results in terms of whether or not we did things as originally planned. If not, we think about the reason why we didn’t get the intended results. Getting back to the basics such as increasing good aspects and improving bad ones is part of the Plan-Do- Check-Act (PDCA) cycle. PDCA SAKURA represents this concept as the Sanwa Group symbol. We even planted PDCA SAKURA cherry blossom trees on the grounds of main Group facilities.
  CONTENTS
    A History of Value Creation
Message from the Chairman .......................................1 Message from the President....................................... 2 A History of Value Creation........................................ 6 Financial & Non-Financial Highlights ......................... 8 Sanwa Value Creation Model ................................... 10 ESG (Materiality)....................................................... 12 Value through Business ............................................ 14 Risks and Opportunities ........................................... 16
Strategy
Long-Term Vision and Mid-Term Management Plan...... 18 Financial Strategy ..................................................... 22
Special Feature:
Value that Generates a Competitive Advantage Service...................................................................... 26 Multi-Product Sales .................................................. 28
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Future ....................................................................... 48 Responding to Climate Change
Regional Contribution and Social Contribution
People ...................................................................... 50 Respect for Human Rights / Human Resource Development Work-Life Balance and Diversity / Health and Safety
Manufacturing .......................................................... 52 Strengthening Quality Control
Improvement of Customer Satisfaction
Financial Section and Corporate Data......... 54
           Editorial policy
To present the Sanwa Group’s management and corporate activities, we have published this Integrated Report. The report is edited in a holistic manner to include non-financial information such as corporate social responsibility activities in addition to information on management direction and strategy and a review of operations. In editing this report, we have referred to the “International Integrated Reporting Framework” proposed by the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC).
Forward-looking statements
This Integrated Report includes forward-looking statements pertaining to expectations, plans, strategies, management goals, future performance, expenses, revenues, income and other forecasts formulated on past experiences. Forward-looking statements necessarily entail some degree of uncertainty, and the content conveyed in the results as well as underlying factors identified in the report may differ materially from actual results depending on changes in those factors.
Reporting period
Fiscal years are years ended March 31 of the following calendar year. For example, fiscal 2019 is the year ended March 31, 2020.
     Globalization ............................................................ 30
Reliable Business Performance
Regional Operations ................................................ 32
Reliable Management
Corporate Governance ........................................ 40 Management Team.............................................. 46
                                   
         A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
   Message from the Chairman
                                                  In the 64 years since its establishment, the Sanwa Group has grown and is now doing business in 26 countries and regions worldwide with over 11,000 employees on a consolidated basis. The Group, which began as a shutter business in Amagasaki, Hyogo Prefecture, went on to promote a multi-product sales strategy, extending its product lineup to address diverse needs. We have also worked on globalization, developing our business on a global level, as an important business theme. We consider it our mission to provide people across the globe with safety, security and convenience and have achieved what we have through our mantra of taking PDCA to the next level. However, we believe that we are only halfway to reaching our ultimate goal of becoming a major global player.
The world has entered an era of rapid change and turmoil. The effects of the spread of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) will not be short-lived. We must accept a new normal created by the crisis and rapidly develop new business approaches. In addition, all of humanity faces the issue of climate change caused by global warming. The Group must tackle these issues head- on through our business activities, contributing to the creation of a sustainable future by providing people with safe communities and lifestyles. This is our mission and my dream.
From April 2020, as Director and Chairman, I will pass on the spirit of our establishment to the next generation and be willing to continue to devote myself to the enduring development of the Group. I hope that our shareholders, investors and all of our stakeholders will continue to offer their support, helping our Group flourish.
Toshitaka Takayama
         Director, Chairman
    SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 1
                                 
 Message from the President
Things That Can and Cannot Be Changed
Even as times change,
we will continue to provide unchanging levels of safety, security, and convenience.
As the representative of the Sanwa Group, I first wish to express my deepest sympathies and condolences to those who have lost their lives or been stricken with the novel coronavirus (COVID-19).
 Our founder once said, “If we compare a building or a house to the human body, shutters are the kabuto and yoroi (helmet and armor, in English) that people wear.” Shutters, which in Japanese are called yoroi-do (armored doors), protect us. This is in line with the basic view behind the Company’s mission, which is to offer “products and services that provide safety, security and convenience to further contribute to the prosperity of society,” so the social significance of our businesses comes first in corporate management. As Representative Director, President, I will be unwavering in keeping this view alive.
As long as we run a company, we need to turn a profit. However, since profits come as a result of our social significance, namely our efforts to provide safety, security and convenience, I believe that contribution to society will lead to sustainable growth for the Company. Our current chairman speaks of “two kinds of reliability” – reliable business performance, which arises from the growth of each business, and reliable management, which consists of safety, quality and corporate governance, among other aspects. Building up both types of reliability is critical. We will continue to manage our businesses based on these basic views.
2 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
Yasushi Takayama
Representative Director, President

       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
 Responding to Climate Change
Modern society is in the midst of a huge wave of change. I believe that we must also change to adapt to changes in society. For example, while shutters initially became popular as a means of protection from crime, the purposes for installing shutters have diversified over time, as demands for fireproof, smokeproof, and earthquake-proof functions grew, in order to use them as protection in the event of fires and earthquakes. Furthermore, as the impacts of natural disasters intensify due to larger typhoons and increasingly frequent localized torrential rains, we are now required to meet the needs for waterproof and windproof functions, in order to deal with this unprecedented environmental change. We are aware of these needs, and will work to create products that respond to both climate change and disaster prevention, and to deliver safety, security and convenience to people’s lives.
Responding to the Current Market
To meet the needs of society, we must not only develop products that respond to climate change, but also to the changing social structure. The shopping arcades that supported our development in the early years following our foundation have gradually decreased in number with the passage of time, and have been replaced by giant shopping centers and convenience stores. Large-scale distribution centers have also emerged with the growth of e-commerce businesses. This is just one example of how people’s lifestyles have changed. I believe that the Company has been able to achieve continuous growth by creating new products and services that are suited to new purposes. In this way, we have been able to respond flexibly to such changes in society. Going forward, we will continue to pursue our multi-product sales strategy, and work to stay one step ahead of changes in society.
Sustainable Growth through Globalization
One of our main business goals is to bring safety, security and convenience not only to people in Japan, but to people all over the world. In 1996, we entered the North American market ahead of the rest of the industry, and this was followed by a large-scale expansion of our business into Europe and Asia. As we have expanded our global operations, our corporate value has steadily increased, and I am proud to say that we have become a corporate group that is able to contribute all over the world.
Recently, there has been a move toward protectionism, and although there is a risk that the COVID-19 crisis will exacerbate this tendency, I do not believe that the globalization of the world economy that has occurred over the past few decades will be reversed. The same is true for us, and we are going to be bringing our ideas to the rest of the world, and will continue to pursue global operations. We have already established business bases in North America and Europe. In Asia, we also included four subsidiaries into the scope of consolidation in fiscal 2019, and are determined not to take any steps backward. We will continue to establish business foundations in Asia to complement our bases in Japan, the U.S. and Europe.
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
  SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 3
 
 Value Created in Our Service Businesses
One of the key goals of the Third Mid-Term Management Plan is to “strengthen service segments and expand our business model” as society has been shifting towards an emphasis on “using services” in addition to “owning products.” Our access systems, which are used frequently in people’s daily lives, play an important role in supporting infrastructure, such as control functions including crime prevention, as well as fireproof, waterproof, and other disaster prevention functions. Accordingly, maintenance services are part of our responsibility to ensure that customers will be able to use our systems for a longer period of time. Going forward, we will contribute to maintaining and improving infrastructure by expanding our service businesses.
We must take our mission of providing safety, security and convenience to another level as we look ahead to the next era. This idea is also exemplified by the “Society 5.0” concept that the Japanese government is currently promoting. I believe we need to further promote a shift to digitalization, and we regard this one of our tasks. We will be able to develop new fields and technologies by combining our own capabilities with measures such as collaborative partnerships and M&A with external partners.
Aggressive Investment in Growth with Awareness of Capital Efficiency
In fiscal 2001 we adopted SVA* as a performance indicator, and have operated in each region with a particular awareness of capital cost and capital efficiency, not simply profit and loss. We are working to increase our corporate value by steadily improving SVA and ROIC through the effective use of free cash flow for strategic investments. As one aspect of our strategic investment plan, we actively engaged in M&A even under difficult conditions. For example, in 2009, in the wake of the financial crisis, we acquired Wayne Dalton Corporation in North America. Going forward, we will continue to compete on a global level and make wise strategic investments in order to achieve sustainable growth.
Improving productivity is another task that cannot be ignored. Since our response to the IoT and IT holds the key to the promotion of operational efficiency of every process from sales to installation, we will continue to invest in information systems in Japan, the U.S., Europe and Asia.
Regarding shareholder returns in fiscal 2019, we executed a share buyback worth ¥5
billion. The annual dividend has been raised to ¥34 in fiscal 2019, which marks the eighth
consecutive years of increases, and we achieved our target payout ratio of 35%. In fiscal
2020, even though we are forecasting a sharp drop in revenue and profits, we are
forecasting to keep our annual dividend at ¥34, in line with our policy of maintaining stable
dividends.
*SVA (Sanwa Value Added): Our unique indicator of added value:
NOPAT (net operating profit after tax) – invested capital × WACC (weighted average cost of capital: 6%)
Human Resources as the Source of Value Creation
Our employees have a strong sense of responsibility, and this has been the case for many years in our corporate culture. This is one of the reasons that we have been able to establish a superior position compared to other companies in the industry. However, change is also happening in this area. The average age of our employees has gone down,
  4 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

  and the Company is undergoing a generational change. While I want our veteran employees, who possess expertise and skills, to fulfil their potential, we will not be able to adapt to changes in younger generations if things are done in the same way as they were in the past. We will need to undertake work-style reforms in our own way as the Sanwa Group.
The Company offers a variety of job types, such as sales, design, production and installation, and has introduced a training system called the “Sanwa Professional Human Resources Training Plan” to enable employees to learn all of these operations in a uniform manner. One of our strengths is that vertical communication takes place rapidly and accurately; however, going forward horizontal cooperation will become increasingly important for improving customer satisfaction. New ideas and innovations cannot emerge without the free thinking that comes from linking both vertical and horizontal communication. I believe an environment that is filled with diverse human resources, and a workplace that is comfortable for both men and women alike facilitates the generation of wide-ranging ideas. At present, the Sanwa Group operates in 26 countries and regions, and we will work to encourage the creation of synergies as “one Sanwa.”
Strengthening Governance
The Company has positioned corporate governance as an important management issue. We delegate authority to Group companies appropriately, while working to ensure effective governance as Sanwa Holdings in terms of important decisions. Furthermore, our Board of Directors will appropriately monitor management risks within the Group, and function as a communicative forum in which adequate deliberation time is given and more vigorous debate takes place in order to maintain and strengthen the effectiveness of the Board of Directors.
To Our Stakeholders
We have grown and will continue to grow thanks to the support of not only our employees, but also of our various stakeholders including clients, suppliers, installers, and partner companies that work with us in areas such as manufacturing, logistics, design, and installation. We will strive to become a corporate group that is capable of contributing to the creation of a sustainable society in the 21st century, so that our stakeholders can feel proud to be connected to the Sanwa Group. Please look forward to seeing what the future will bring.
  SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 5

  A History of Value Creation
     1950s 1956
The Sanwa Group has grown and developed based on two pillars, under the leadership of the current Chairman, Toshitaka Takayama: firstly, through a thorough “Multi-Product Sales Strategy” that expanded from the door business during its foundation in the 1960s into a wide range of product lines other than shutters and then to a second pillar, “Globalization,” which began in the 1990s. Manji Takayama founded Sanwa shutter in 1956 with a fundamental ethos of passion, trust and diligence. The Sanwa Group formulated its mission, values and principles of business in 2002. Since then, we have continuously passed along the Group spirit of contributing to society by providing safety, security and convenience, all of which are symbolized by the three rings of the corporate emblem.
Net sales
Overseas sales
1960s 1970s 1980s
   Entry into the shutter industry
Sanwa Shutter Manufacturing began manufacturing lightweight shutters in 1956 near the Sanwa Market in Amagasaki, Hyogo. Despite being a latecomer to the market, we established a leading position in the shutter industry in the 1960s. Our production capacity grew to a world-class level with the rapid construction of six factories.
Deliveries just after the foundation
First Step toward Multi-Product Sales
The Sanwa Group’s multi-product sales strategy began with its entry into the door business in the late 1960s. Focusing on fields where we could apply the know-how we cultivated in the shutter business, existing production facilities and sales and installation networks, we began producing made-to-order steel doors. We rapidly rose to the top of the industry.
Gaining a Foothold Overseas
In 1974, we entered into a technical tie-up with Overhead Door Corporation (North America; ODC), and began manufacturing and selling overhead doors. In 1986, we established Sanwa Shutter (H.K.). in Hong Kong, making us the first in the industry in Japan to focus on overseas markets.
Expanding the Multi-Product Strategy
We have promoted the multi-product sales strategy through acquisitions to further broaden our value. The first company we acquired was Showa Front Sales (now Showa Front) in 1984. That was followed by the acquisitions of Showa Kensan, a manufacturer of automatic door operators; Venix a manufacturer of partitions; and Sanwa Tajima, which manufactures and sells stainless steel building products. By acquiring quality companies with established product brands, we accelerated our multi-product sales strategy.
BusinessExpansionbyPenetratingtheNorthAmericanMarket
In 1996, we acquired tie-up partner ODC. Through the addition of new businesses boasting leading shares in North America into the Group, we proceeded with collaborative product development and sales, as well as expansion into new markets.
      6
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
 Multi-Product Sales
 Globalization

       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
sales ratio* ¥ 199.8
Non-shutter
billion
Become a Leading
Global Brand
Two years to establish the foundation for becoming the top brand as a major global player
Corporate Data
  FY2019 Record-High Net Sales
 440.2
FY2019
Record-High Overseas Net Sales
¥
billion
 Approx.
78.8%
(2019)
 Non-shutter sales ratio*
Approx. 77.7%
(2010)
2019-2020
  Non-shutter sales ratio*
69.5%
(2000)
 Approx.
2016-2018 Leaping
   Non-shutter sales ratio*
Approx. 65.1%
(1990)
1990s
Three years to strengthen our competitiveness as a major global player
  Overhead Door Corporation
M&A
(1996)
Novoferm Group
M&A
(2003)
2013-2015 Challenge
Three years to establish a basis for becoming a major global player
2010s
Overseas sales ratio
Operations in
26 countries and regions
(2019)
 Approx.
45.4%
(2019)
   2000s
   Sanwa Global Vision
2020
Under Sanwa Global Vision 2020, we set out to offer products and services that provide safety, security and convenience to customers worldwide as a major global player in the access systems industry. To this end, we aim to: (1) Become definite No. 1 brand in Japan, the U.S. and Europe; (2) Establish a business model for service business; (3) Expand shutter & door business in emerging markets, spotlighting Asia, and make them grow to be top brands; and (4) Promote realization of Group synergy in global markets.
    * Non-shutter sales ratio: Domestic consolidated net sales excluding net sales of heavy-duty and lightweight shutters/Domestic consolidated net sales x 100
PDCA Advances the Multi-Product Sales Strategy
To vigorously push forward with multi-product sales, in fiscal 2011 Sanwa Shutter Corporation revamped its organization, subdivided regional construction markets mainly by comprehensively reviewing the scope of its sales activities, and increased its flexibility in marketing. Our corporate culture of placing the highest priority on implementing the PDCA cycle is the backbone of our daily business activities.
EstablishmentofThree-ProngedPlatform:Japan,U.S.A.,Europe
In 2003, we acquired Novoferm Group (NF), making the European market our third cornerstone. We started to grow into a leading global brand by pursuing business and regional diversification, in addition to expanding and growing our core businesses through the development of multiple product types.
Product Development in Harmony with Society
We have contributed to the building of a sustainable society by expanding our environmentally conscious products that address climate change, and a lineup of disaster prevention products with flood prevention, earthquake resistance, wind resistance and other functions, which help realize safety, security and convenience. We have been expanding maintenance services to comply with inspection legislation for fire prevention equipment in Japan.
Aspiring to be a Major Global Player
Formulating the Sanwa Global Vision 2020 in 2013, we set out to offer products and services that provide safety, security and convenience to customers worldwide as a major global player in the access systems industry. Looking towards 2020, we are implementing our Third Mid-Term Management Plan to establish a foundation in this field.
    SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 7

Financial & Non-Financial Highlights
Financial Indicators
Operating Income / Operating Income Ratio
(Millions of yen) (%)
40,000 7.3 7.5 7.3 7.7 7.8 8
Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent Company / ROE
    30,000 31,593 34,217 6 26,870 26,440 28,322
12.7 12.7 17,070 18,280
13.5 20,910
(Millions of yen) 30,000
11.4 14,627
(FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 Profit attributable to owners of the parent company (left scale)
(%) 13.3 15
 12 9 6 3 0000
          20,000 4 10,000 2
20,000 10,000
21,647
2019
ROE (right scale)
0.38
2019
      (FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 Operating income (left scale) Operating income ratio (right scale)
Sanwa Value Added (SVA)
/ Return on Invested Capital (ROIC)
Debt/Equity Ratio
(Billions of yen) 15.0
(%)
14.0 30 20
15.4
(Times) 1.0
0.8
0.6 0.54 0.4
0.2
 12.0 9.0 6.0 3.0
(FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 SVA (left scale) ROIC (right scale)
Capital Expenditures / Depreciation and Amortization*
 8.2 8.1 9.0
0.53
0.44
12.7
   10 000
0.38
2018
(Millions of yen) 15,000
10,000 5,000
12,367
Free Cash Flow
(Millions of yen) 20,000
15,000
10,000 8,737
15,679 10,593
12.2
12.2
12.8
15.0
  2019
(FY)
2015 2016
2017
13,360
2017
  11,383
15,664
5,000
(FY) 2015 2016
       8,127 8,096 8,022
8,419 9,301 8,049
   7,622 00
7,290
    (FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization
* Excluding amortization of goodwill
Cash Dividend per Share / Earnings per Share
(Yen) (Yen) 50 92.95 97.14 100
40 74.61 80.97 80 3063.07 30323460
2018
2019
Total Assets / Shareholders’ Equity Ratio
(Millions of yen) 400,000
(%) 80
   300,000 200,000 100,000
310,269
60 46.3 40
323,393
331,686
338,432
354,023
         23
25
20 10
Cash dividend (left scale) Earnings per share (right scale) Total assets (left scale) Shareholders’ equity ratio (right scale)
40
 20 0000
20
(FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
41.7
43.0
45.2
47.4
   8 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Non-Financial Highlights
Service Business Net Sales / Ratio of Service Business Sales to Total Net Sales (Consolidated)
R&D Expenditures / Ratio of R&D Expenditures to Net Sales (Consolidated)
(Millions of yen) (%) 6,000 1.06 1.13 1.15 1.12 1.07 1.2
4,000 3,868 3,999 4,422 4,611 4,728 0.9 0.3
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
  (Billions of yen) 60.0
(%) 54.2 20
  37.8 43.7 47.6
 15 10 5
(FY) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
Service business net sales (left scale) Ratio of service business sales to total net sales (right scale)
  40.0 20.0
32.5
12.3
        10.7
11.3
8.9
0 00
Number of Employees / Female Employee Ratio (Consolidated)
Number of Installers & Number of Installation Training Center Trainees (Sanwa Shutter)
15,000 10,000 5,000 0
(FY)
(Left scale) (Right scale)
16.8
(%) 16
4,000
3,000 2,000 1,000
0
(FY) 2015
Number of installers
11.6
2,000
0.6 0.0
2017
Ratio of R&D expenditures to net sales (right scale)
   2015
R&D expenditures (left scale)
(FY)
2016
2018
2019
   9,643
10,151
2,545 2,808 3,147 8
11,474 12 524
 9,051 2,177
3,617
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
8,790 2,039
3,634
3,666 3,819 3,676
   4 3,117 3,257 3,432 3,524 4,127 0
    Japan Overhead Door Corporation Novoferm Female employee ratio
Asia
Number of installation training center trainees
Lost-Time Injuries Frequency Rate / Severity Rate (Domestic Group Factories)
1.0
0.5
0.0
(FY)
CO2 Emissions (Domestic Group Companies)
(%) 2.0
(t-CO2)
30,000 29,081 27,946
20,000
10,000
0
(FY) 2015 2016
30,501 28,325
1.9 1.8 1.5 1.81
28,154
2016 2017
2018 2019
        1.06 1.15
1.02
0.8 0.00 0.08 2017
1.20
0.9 0.04 0.10 2018
1.20
0.7 0.10
0.01 2019
 0.06 0.02 2015 2016
0.07
 Japan (domestic factories) frequency rate
Japan (domestic factories) severity rate
Manufacturer average frequency rate
Manufacturer average severity rate
*Source: 2019 survey on workplace accidents (Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare of Japan)
Sales of Eco- Friendly Products / Sales of Disaster
Amount of Water Intake / Discharge (Sanwa Shutter
Prevention Products (Consolidated)
Factories)
(Thousand m3) 120
101 90
60
(Billions of yen) 100.0
80.0 60.0 40.0 20.0
Eco-friendly products Sales of disaster prevention products Amount of water intake
2017 2018 2019
   81.0
87.5
95.8
111
2018 Amount of discharge
      30 39 (FY) 2016 2017 2018 2019 (FY) 2017
84
2019
31.4 00
38
 26.2
29.3
31.2
37
   SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 9

  Natural Capital
Reduction in energy consumption
· Energy consumption (crude oil equivalent) (Sanwa Shutter): 8,787 kl
· Amount of water intake (Sanwa Shutter factories): 84,000 m3
Social and Relationship Capital
Strengthening engagement with stakeholders
· Sales network in Japan:
Approximately 500 locations (divisions)
· 24-hour repair request receiving service (FTS)
· Number of installers (Japan):
Approximately 3,900
· “Ribbon Distributors”in North America:
Approximately 400 companies
Human Capital
Human resource development, which is the source of value creation, and improvement of the work environment
· Number of employees (consolidated):
11,474
(Percentage of overseas employees: 64%)
· Number of employees who have received training: 1,869
(Hosted by Human Resource Development Center)
Technology/Manufactured Capital
Uniform supply chain from development to maintenance and service
· Number of production bases: 60
· Capital expenditures: ¥8.42 billion
Intellectual Capital
Know-how in access systems field that realizes multi-product types
Implementation of PDCA that has been firmly established, from management to rank-and-file employees
· R&D expenditures: ¥4.7 billion Financial Capital
Financial strategies focused on ROE (Cost of capital) and SVA (ROIC and WACC) to achieve sustainable growth
· Free cash flow: ¥15.6 billion
             Installation
  Manufacturing
Procurement
Design
Sales
                Future
Contributing to a sustainable future and the development of society
P48-49
          · Due consideration to human rights
· Decreasing workforce
· Declining birthrate and aging population
· Changes in workstyles
People
Ensuring that everyone involved with the Group can work with peace of mind, thus being
the driving force for value creation
P50-51
         Manufacturing
Providing products and services that support the infrastructure of communities and daily life
P52-53
                                             Sanwa Value Creation Model
The Sanwa Group creates value by conducting business activities in line with its products and services, and ensuring sustained growth based on six types of capital, in order to address ESG issues (materiality). The value created by the Group resolves global social issues, such as changes in the economic situation and technology and climate change, and contributes to society by providing safety, security and convenience to communities and the daily lives of people around the world.
Social Issues
· Global warming
· Depletion of energy and resources
· Increasingly frequent natural disasters
· Widening disparities
ESG Issues (Materiality) Category
P12-13
Input
Sanwa Seamlessly integrated system, from
        · Progressing urbanization
· Advances in the AI and IoT society
· Diversification of needs
· Increasing complexity of supply chains
   Governance
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
   10 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
n
a
l
P
A
c
A
t
c
i
ot
n

       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
   FY2019
 ¥440.2 billion
 ¥34.2 billion
 7.8%
 ¥14.0 billion
 13.3%
                  Business Activities
development to maintenance and service
Output
Net sales Operating income Operating income ratio SVA
ROE
A large market share in the major regions of Japan, North America and Europe and a multi-product lineup
           Maintenance and service
  Service
Multi-Product Sales Strategy
Globalization
Special Feature: P26-31
Shutters
Japan: No.1 North America: No.1
Garage doors
Japan: No.1 North America: No.2 Europe: No.2
Industrial sectional doors
Japan: No.1 North America: No.1 Europe: No.2
Steel doors
Japan: No.1 Europe: No.2
45.4%
¥54.2 billion
Outcome
The Sanwa Group is committed to offering products and services that provide safety, security and convenience to further contribute to the prosperity of society.
                      Overseas sales ratio
   Development
Service business net sales
Disaster prevention products net sales
         A corporate group that earns the trust of stakeholders by reliably achieving its performance targets
A sincere and transparent corporate culture that earns the trust of society
¥95.8 billion
Environmentally friendly products net sales ¥31.2 billion
CO2 Emissions (Japan)   28,154 t-CO2
P18-25/P32-39
P40-47
   SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 11
D
o
k
c
e
h
C

ESG (Materiality)
Decision-Making Process for Key ESG Issues (Materiality)
In recent years, companies are strongly required to take global action toward achieving a sustainable society, following significant societal changes, such as the establishment of the SDGs, the adoption of the Paris Agreement, and trends in ESG-related investment. In light of international trends and the business environment in which the Sanwa Group operates, the Group has used the process presented on the right to identify the priority ESG issues (materiality) toward which we should apply our energies.
   Categories
 Future
Contributing to a sustainable future and the development of society
Background
In response to climate change, the Sanwa Group strives to reduce its emissions of greenhouse gases and waste, and we believe that it is our duty as a global comprehensive manufacturer of building materials to offer eco-friendly products that contribute to the realization of a low-carbon society.
Furthermore, the Sanwa Group conducts business activities that are rooted in local communities in regions throughout the world, and we believe that contributing to local communities and society in general will lead to the sustainable development of both these communities and the Group, itself.
Work-life balance
Key Issues
Reduction of greenhouse gas emissions
 Appropriate waste management
       Diversity
    Manufacturing
Providing products and services that support the infrastructure of communities and daily life
As an essential business to continue supporting people's lifestyles and commercial infrastructure, we believe that endeavoring to offer waterproof products that are resilient to flood damage and disasters caused by extreme weather and other products and services that contribute to safety, security, and convenience, while also pursuing quality assurance and customer satisfaction, serves as the engine for increasing our corporate value.
Health and safety
 Offering products and services that contribute to safety, security and convenience
  Strengthening quality control
     Improvement of customer satisfaction
Corporate governance
   Reliable Management
A sincere and transparent corporate culture that earns the trust of society
The Sanwa Group is a global enterprise operating in 26 countries and regions around the world. We believe that it is important to enhance organizational resilience by building highly transparent management systems, reinforcing compliance, and properly managing risks, and to build fair, equitable, and ethical relationships in order to facilitate growth and development together with our various stakeholders.
Compliance
   Risk management
   Stakeholder dialogue
     Fair competition
   Anti-corruption
 Stakeholder Engagement
Customers, employees, business partners, shareholders/investors, installers, and local communities that support the Sanwa Group’s business activities
Dialogue with Customers
We respond to the diverse opinions and requests of our customers through our robust network, which encompasses more than 500 locations (divisions) in Japan, and 26 countries and regions worldwide.
Dialogue with Employees
We improve our organizational culture by having senior executives inform employees about strategies or send them messages of encouragement via internal newsletters or the intranet, by exchanging opinions with them at policy briefings, etc., and through employee awareness surveys and the internal whistleblowing system.
Dialogue with Business Partners
The “Sanwakai” group, which comprises suppliers, affiliated manufacturing companies, and other entities, serves as a forum for information sharing and mutual encouragement with the aim of taking quality, cost, delivery and environment (QCDE) to the next level. In North America, we endeavor to engage in regular dialogue with our 400 distributors located there.
12 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
To ensure that the Sanwa Group’s products function properly as access systems, numerous resources are required, from development and production to installation and maintenance. Through efforts to respect human rights and diversity, and ensure health and safety, we are creating workplaces in which all of our stakeholders, including employees, affiliated companies, and suppliers can work with peace of mind, and developing human resources who are capable of driving the growth of the Group. We believe that these initiatives support the foundation of our business and constitute an investment in sustainable growth.
Promotion of green purchasing
  Providing eco-friendly products
    Regional contribution
 People
Ensuring that everyone involved with the Group can work with peace
of mind, thus being the driving force for value creation
Social contribution
Respect for human rights
  Human resource development
       Response to climate change
      
  A History of Value Creation
  Strategy
 Special Feature
 Reliable Business Performance
 Reliable Management
 ESG Materiality Initiatives
 Corporate Data
STEP 1
Identify ESG Issues
STEP 2
Categorize Issues and Specify Key Issues
STEP 3
Confirm Appropriateness and Define Key Issues
     Actions Taken
 Action in Progress and Future Tasks
Reduced energy consumption through demand monitoring, switching to LEDs, introducing air-conditioning equipment, etc.
Gather overseas environmental impact data and set reduction targets
 Reduced waste by stepping up recycling, increasing yields, etc.
  Gather overseas waste emission data and set reduction targets
 Promoted the 3Rs for packaging materials by reusing wooden pallets, using reusable shipping cartons, etc.
Engage in dialogue with supply chains to promote green purchasing
 Expanded sales of high-speed sheet shutters and other products, which contribute to climate-change mitigation
  Develop and expand sales of products and services that address climate change
 Used locally produced materials, participated in local cleanup activities, and engaged in dialogue with local communities
 Take action to develop local communities
 Made donations to NPOs and organized events for local communities, etc.
Further promote social contribution through our main business
Implemented harassment training for top management, executives, and other management members
Define human rights risks
 Implemented the Sanwa Professional Human Resources Training Plan, and developed global personnel and installers
 Secure manufacturing workers and installers, and pass on skills
 Accurately managed working hours by deploying an attendance system and promoted telecommuting
 Promote work-style reforms
 Promoted telecommuting, introduced a partial paid leave scheme for childcare, and mobilized senior workers
  Take steps to increase the number of female managers and encourage male employees to take childcare leave
 Expanded safety education by conducting DVD-based training and VR-based training, and held Sanwa Group Health & Safety Month
 Promote actions to eradicate occupational accidents and step up efforts in the area of health management
  As part of the disaster prevention business, launched products to protect people’s lives from disasters, such as fire-prevention products, waterproof products, wind-load-resistant products, and aseismic products, as well as products that contribute to enhancing the infrastructure
functions of factories and warehouses
▶P14 – 15
 Develop products and services that can adapt to the risks of increasingly severe natural disasters, develop products that prevent infection with the novel coronavirus and other infectious diseases, as well as products and services that are suited to the new lifestyles that have emerged due to the pandemic
 Expanded our quality management structure, audited supply chains, and organized a skills contest
  Take further actions to ensure stable quality and improve quality
 Provided business manners training for salespersons as well as installers
Further enhance customer satisfaction through customer surveys, gatherings with customers, etc.
Disclosed corporate governance guidelines and conducted a questionnaire survey of members of the Board of Directors
Improve governance at overseas subsidiaries
 Provided training on a continuous basis and stepped up efforts to propagate the Compliance Code of Conduct at overseas subsidiaries
  Make the internal whistleblowing system even more effective
 Established the Information Security Countermeasures Council and analyzed the current status of IT-BCP
Construct a Company-wide risk management system and respond to the pandemic
 Implemented proactive dialogue with customers, employees, business partners, shareholders/investors, installers, and local communities
  Step up dialogue with stakeholders
 Implemented thorough compliance with the Guidelines on Regulations Concerning Contact with Associates from Industry Peers and provided Antitrust Law training on a continuous basis
Expand the scope and content of Antitrust Law training
 Provided compliance training prior to transfer to Asia
 Formulate guidelines for bribery prevention
                     Dialogue with Shareholders and Investors
In addition to making timely and appropriate information disclosures via our website and other channels, we hold financial results briefings twice per year, conduct individual IR meetings more than 200 times a year, have the management hold an international road show, organize briefings for individual investors, and so on.
Dialogue with Installers
We make concerted efforts to enhance engagement with the more than 3,900 installers who are the lifeline of the Company in the realm of access systems. In addition to holding regular occupational safety meetings with them, and providing all types of training and support for benefits packages, we publish a specialized magazine for installers twice per year.
Dialogue with Local Communities
The Sanwa Group conducts activities that are deeply rooted in local communities, such as factory tours, events for local residents, and local cleanups on Sanwa Environmental Day, in which more than 1,500 people participate each year.
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 13

Value through Business
The Sanwa Group aims to protect people’s treasured lives, and create a society that is more prosperous and easier to live in by offering products and services that provide safety, security, and convenience to customers worldwide.
 Safe living with protection from disaster
Protection from fire, floods and other disasters
Contributing to improving the functions of infrastructure such as factories and warehouses
Secure living with protection from crimes against people and property
Comfortable living through easy-to-use access systems
    Scale of sales
Approx. ¥95.8 Billion
(Fiscal 2019 Consolidated)
Scale of sales Approx.
¥114.5 Billion
(Fiscal 2019 Consolidated)
            In the case of fires in places where large numbers of people gather, such as office buildings, department stores, schools, and hospitals, fire prevention equipment such as fireproof shutters and doors can stop a fire from spreading for certain period of time, by sealing off areas in response to signals from smoke and heat detectors. Waterproof shutters and doors provide flood prevention functions at the time of typhoons and localized torrential rains, and keep buildings from being inundated. These products protect people and property from disasters, and provide safe spaces.
▶ See page 15 for details regarding disaster prevention products. Enhancing the convenience of public spaces
Products such as heavy duty shutters, sheet shutters, and overhead sliders are required to be effective in improving productivity at factories and warehouses by ensuring that workers follow appropriate routes and making the frontlines of production and logistics friendly to both the environment and people.
In addition to fireproofing functions, shutters that open and close rapidly improve work efficiency, and a thermal insulation function that allows temperatures to be managed provides comfortable spaces, contributing to energy saving as environmental products. These products are indispensable for the development of areas such as e-commerce, which have seen significant growth in recent years.
Ensuring safe living and comfort for everyone
      Scale of sales
Approx. ¥137.8 Billion
(Fiscal 2019 Consolidated)
Scale of sales
Approx. ¥115.2 Billion
(Fiscal 2019 Consolidated)
          In the case of products such as lightweight shutters, steel doors, partitions, and automatic doors in public spaces where a large number of unspecified persons come and go, such as commercial facilities, schools, hospitals, hotels, and stations, it is important for the products to be capable of providing a pleasant space for the visiting customers.
In addition, these products offers functions to solve numerous societal problems, such as crime prevention, fireproofing, and thermal insulation.
As lifestyles become more diverse and the trend toward a society with a low birthrate and an aging population accelerates, the environment surrounding housing is changing drastically, as it strongly reflects changes in society. Products such as garage doors, window shutters, condominium doors, and exteriors are required to offer security functions that enhance crime prevention, as well as convenient day-to- day home living, in addition to a high level of safety. Furthermore, in cold regions such as Europe, it is important for garage doors to also provide thermal insulation performance as environmental products.
 14 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
 Products that protect people from disasters
   Floods
  In recent years, there have been a growing number of cases of inundation and flooding damage caused by large-scale typhoons and localized torrential rains. Due to increasing amounts of rainfall, and the large number of cases of flooding damage both above and below floor level, it is necessary to take more measures to prevent damage from typhoons and heavy rains.
There is an increasing number of cases of damage to window glass caused by flying objects that have become airborne and crashed into windows, due to strong winds from typhoons. As there are also cases in which winds entering a house have blown out the roof, there is a growing need for further measures to provide protection from strong winds.
Although large-scale earthquakes such as a Nankai Trough Earthquake are expected to cause even more serious damage than that caused by the Great East Japan Earthquake, it is impossible to predict when and where such major earthquakes will occur.
Power outages can occur when electric cables are damaged by flying objects due to strong winds from a typhoon, when power poles collapse due to a landslide caused by heavy rain, or when electric cables have been struck and damaged by lightning. Power outages can also be caused by earthquakes.
Minimizing flood damage
Flooding damage caused by large-scale typhoons and localized torrential rains is increasing due to climate change. As a new Japanese Industrial Standard (JIS) that evaluates inundation prevention functions under a unified method has been established, it is now possible to install inundation prevention equipment in accordance with the purpose of use, based on the expected depth of flooding shown on hazard maps. Sanwa Shutter Corporation and SUZUKI SHUTTER CORPORATION offer
waterproof shutters and doors, as well as waterproof panels, to help minimize flooding damage to underground shopping malls and buildings.
Water Guard waterproof shutter
Double-tight door
Corporate Data
   Preparing for strong winds caused by large-scale typhoons and hurricanes
There have been a growing number of cases in which shutters have been blown from their guide rails by strong winds from typhoons, which are becoming increasingly larger. Sanwa Shutter Corporation’s Taifu (wind-resistant) Guard offers heavy-duty shutters, as the industry’s first products that use wind-resistant guide rails, and window shutters that can be installed at medium-rise condominiums. ODC’s garage doors are designed to withstand the wind load from a hurricane without sacrificing their stylish designs.
   Wind Damage
   High-strength shutter, Taifu Guard
High wind-load-resistant window shutter Mado More Taifu Guard
Wind StormTM
   Preventing people from being trapped in a facility when an earthquake occurs
After an earthquake, people may find doors being unable to open or close, due to deformation of the frames by external forces. Sanwa’s earthquake proof doors display strong seismic performance, enabling sufficient clearance to be maintained between the door and frame to allow it
   Earthquakes
  to open, and feature earthquake-proof metal fittings as standard equipment, to ensure that people will be able to safely open the door to evacuate a facility after an earthquake, without fear of being trapped inside.
Sliding entrance door for indoor hallway, Smood Yuraku
Common-area earthquake-proof steel door, AKUZO
   External power source enabling automatic rolling even during a power outage
Previously, shutters had to be rolled up while securing a safe foothold, after having been closed through manual operation or by rolling down under their own weight after receiving a disaster signal.
   Power Outages
 With the introduction of a power supply system, a connection is provided to a battery or power generator, enabling users to open the electric shutters even in the event of a power outage. This system can be utilized as a business continuity plan (BCP) measure.
Shutter power supply system for opening shutter, E Connect
 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 15

 Risks and Opportunities
  Categories Main Risks/Opportunities Responses
External Environment
• Impact on business due to declining housing starts and construction investment as a result of changes in economic trends
• Impact on business due to fluctuations in financial markets such as exchange rates and interest rates
• Impact on the Group’s business due to global political, societal, and economic trends
• Impact on business due to terrorism or riots at the Group’s overseas facilities
• Increase productivity and reduce costs through the promotion of multi-product sales initiatives
• Hedge against exchange rate risk, interest-rate risk, etc.
• Continuously gauge global political, societal, and economic conditions,
analyze the impact on business, and respond appropriately
• Impact on business due to sudden price hikes for steel or other auxiliary • Build close relationships with multiple suppliers and establish/expand Supply Chain/ materials alternative procurement methods for major components
Procurement • Impact on business due to overreliance on specific suppliers or supplier bankruptcies
R&D/New Products
• Loss of competitiveness due to delays in developing advanced technologies • Perform information gathering regarding customer needs and
or application to products/services, or insufficient product improvement strengthen capabilities in advanced technologies and development
Opportunity: Capture growth opportunities through revolutionary technologies
Production/Quality/ Installation/Inspection
• Impact on business due to a decline in supply capability caused by the aging of production facilities, a decrease in the number of manufacturing personnel, or a decline in manufacturing technology level
• Impact on business due to late deliveries
• Loss of reliability due to recalls, product defects, etc.
• Loss of reliability due to accidents involving products or their installation
• Impact on business due to a decrease in the number of installers, installer
aging, or a decline in installation abilities
• Impact on business due to inadequate maintenance inspections of fire
prevention equipment
Opportunity: Expand service business in response to inspection legislation
• Continuously upgrade production facilities
• Prompt delivery through integration of production and logistics systems • Thorough product quality control
• Expand recruitment of installers and enhance installation training
• Increase the number of fire prevention equipment inspectors and
provide education to improve their abilities
• Expand the range of easy to install products/processes
Regulatory Risks
• Risks from the establishment/revision of legal requirements
• Risk of infringement of patents or other intellectual property rights
• Risk of litigation, investigations by regulatory authorities, or imposition of
penalties
• Keep everyone informed by sending alerts on legal revisions to relevant departments, and organizing study meetings, training sessions, etc.
• Establish a structure by working closely with law offices
Compliance
• Loss of trust as a result of fraud, scandals, legal violations, etc.
• Loss of trust as a result of false financial statements or window-dressing
• Loss of trust due to personnel- or labor-related problems
• Risk of inappropriate accounting estimates (setting of various provisions and allowances)
• Foster a corporate climate based on our Compliance Code of Conduct • Conduct compliance trainings
• Eradicate false accounting and false order booking through thorough
internal audits
• Compliance with Article 36 (Overtime Work and Work on Days Off) of
the Labor Standards Act through deployment of a working-hours
management system
• Expand the paid vacation acquisition program
• Ensure the proper calculation of accounting estimates and conduct
thorough internal audits
Information Security
• Impact of information leaks, system failures due to infections with computer • Address cybersecurity risks under the Sanwa Group Information viruses, cyberattacks, etc., or data loss Management System based on our Information Security Policy
Human Resources
• Risk of being unable to steadily secure or retain high added-value talent • Risk of being unable to steadily secure installers or address problems
associated with aging
Opportunity: Capture long-term growth opportunities by expanding the Professional Human Resources Training Plan
• Continuously generate innovation through the hiring of high-value- added talent and improve our ability to respond to diversifying customer needs
• Expand the Professional Human Resources Training Plan • Expand systems for developing and training installers
• Unanticipated risks associated with acquisitions and investments • Perform proper analyses of market trends, acquisition prices, strategies,
M&A/Investments Opportunity: Achieve growth by venturing into unserved areas and expanding business domains
etc.
 Climate Change/ Major Disasters
• • •
•
Climate-change risks such as carbon-tax burden, regulations on greenhouse gas emissions, and increases in compliance costs
Risk of deterioration in quality at installation sites, lower work efficiency, and increase in occupational accidents resulting from global warming.
Impact on our supply systems and our suppliers’ business due to damage caused by major disasters such as large-scale typhoons, localized torrential rains, and major earthquakes
Risk of tightening of environment-related laws and regulations
• Have individual factories and offices work to ensure environmental protection in line with the Sanwa Group Environmental Policy
• Consider and implement countermeasures for climate-change risk at the CSR Promotion Council
• Set CO2-reduction targets and implement initiatives for their achievement
• Develop and supply waterproof or wind resistant-related products • Ensure business continuity by formulating a BCP
Opportunity: Achieve growth by expanding sales of eco-friendly products Opportunity: Expand profit opportunities by supplying disaster prevention-
related products (products that are fireproof, smokeproof, waterproof, wind resistant, etc.)
Infectious-Disease (Pandemic) Risk
• Impact on our supply systems and our suppliers’ business due to damage caused by the global spread of infectious diseases (pandemics)
• Impact on business due to lost sales opportunities, and delays in or suspension of operations as a result of protracted pandemics
• Lost opportunities due to delays in responding to customer needs
Opportunity: Expand profit opportunities by supplying antibacterial products, contactless products, etc.
• Develop a crisis management manual and strengthen infection prevention measures
• Implement initiatives to respond to customer needs
    16 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Impact of the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19)
In 2020, the novel coronavirus has spread throughout the world, and it is inevitable that the Sanwa Group’s business performance will be affected. Therefore, we anticipate a significant drop in revenues and profits compared with the previous year. Although there are no problems regarding our supply systems in Japan, the United States, or Europe, the economic impact of lockdowns and other measures that have been implemented by each country has been substantial. While we expect a gradual economic recovery to occur, we believe that the negative impact will continue throughout fiscal 2020.
External Environment and Status of the Company’s Production, Sales, and Installation (as of July 2020)
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
   Japan
External Environment
· Declaration of a Nationwide State of Emergency (April and May)
· Disruptions at some construction sites
Status of Business
· Sales and administrative departments, etc. have staggered working hours and introduced remote working to the greatest extent possible, and are focused on preventing infection
· None of the factories were significantly affected, and they are maintaining normal operations
· Installations may see slow progress at some sites, and there may be delays in finalizing incoming orders and other work disruptions
  North America
External Environment
· Construction sites in some states suspended work (March and April)
· From the end of April, states and counties began lifting lockdowns, and resumed economic activities
Status of Business
· ODC's operations have been designated as an essential business by the U.S. government
· Sales and administrative departments are generally working remotely
· Although some factories suspended their operations temporarily, there was no major impact, and all factories are currently maintaining normal operations
  Europe
External Environment
· From the end of March, economic activities halted completely in Italy, France, Spain, the U.K., etc.
· From mid-April, countries began lifting lockdowns and gradually resumed economic activities
Status of Business
· Sales and administrative departments are generally working remotely
· Factories in Germany and the Netherlands are maintaining normal operations
· Although operations at factories in Italy, France, Spain, and the U.K. were suspended (until the end of April), all factories are currently maintaining normal operations
  Asia
External Environment
· Economic activity in China slowed down after the Chinese New Year
· Currently, generally normal economic activities are maintained in China, Vietnam, etc.
Status of Business
· Suspension periods for production and sales activities have ended in China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan (February and March), and normal operations are being maintained
· In Vietnam, production and sales activities are being maintained at normal levels
  Issues for the Sanwa Group after the Novel Coronavirus
 Products that contribute to the prevention of COVID-19 and other infectious diseases
Contactless Use of antibacterial UV light Ventilation Barriers to operations materials irradiation functions infectious droplets
After the COVID-19 pandemic has settled, the adoption of new lifestyles (the “new normal”) will be required, and as people are greatly concerned about infection prevention and working environments are changing drastically, it is necessary for us to identify the risks and opportunities for the Sanwa Group.
The Sanwa Group has been engaged in the development and sales of products that use antibacterial materials, as well as products that allow contactless operation. In addition, we will be taking initiatives to develop and manufacture products that provide safety measures for preventing infection, such as easy-to-install partitions to serve as barriers to infectious droplets, products that emit UV light as an antibacterial measure, and products that emphasize ventilation functions for avoidance of the three C’s (closed spaces, crowded places, close-contact settings). Furthermore, we are now engaged in the development of an electrically-operated toilet booth. In line with the Sanwa Group’s mission of “providing safety, security, and convenience,” we will continue working to create a society in which people around the world will be able to live with peace of mind.
    SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 17
 
 Long-Term Vision and Mid-Term Management Plan
Reflections on Sanwa Global Vision 2020
To offer products and services that provide safety, security, and convenience as a major global player in the access systems industry
    Net Sales
Operating Income
Operating Income Ratio
ROE
D/E Ratio
SVA
Reflections
Tasks
Three years to establish a basis for becoming a major global player
   FY2015 Targets
 ¥325.0 billion
¥23.00 billion
First Three-Year Plan (FY2013-FY2015)
7.1%
11.7%
0.61 times
¥5.0 billion
• The domestic business drove performance, and the targets for the First Three-Year Plan were met one year ahead of schedule.
• Sanwa Shutter Corporation achieved an operating income ratio of 10%.
• Promote the multi-product sales in the domestic business
• Deploy new ERP and implement a downstream strategy at ODC
• Boost profitability by restructuring NF Group
• Get the Asia business into the black
FY2015 Actual
¥365.6 billion
¥26.87 billion
7.3%
11.4%
0.54 times
¥8.2 billion
Three years to strengthen our competitiveness
as a major global player
Second Three-Year Plan (FY2016-FY2018)
FY2018 Targets
¥410.0 billion
¥37.00 billion
9.0%
15.0%
0.40 times
¥12.8 billion
• While the European and U.S. businesses recovered, domestic business stagnated, and the Second Three-Year Plan targets were not met.
• Profitability increased on the back of “NF3.0” of the European business.
• Increase the production, logistics, and installation capabilities of the domestic business
• Pass on sale prices and manage costs in the domestic business
• Deploy new ERP and promote multi-product sales at ODC
• Have ODC expand into adjacent fields
• Establish the foundation for the Asia business
FY2018 Actual
¥410.0 billion
¥31.59 billion
7.7%
 13.5%
0.38 times
¥12.7 billion
 18 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
    
       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
     Vision 2010: Outcomes and Issues
• Globalize
• Strengthen multi-product sales
• Expand the foundation of the Asia business
• Reinforce global synergies • Strengthen the service business
 Achievements
  Remaining tasks
  Sanwa Global Vision 2020
Promote global management, from the initial phase to the development phase
(1) Become definite No. 1 brand in Japan, the U.S. and Europe
(2) Establish a business model for service business
(3) Expand shutter & door business in emerging markets, spotlighting Asia, and make them grow to be top brands
(4) Promote realization of Group synergy in global markets
 Outline
 Targets
In fiscal 2013, we launched our long-term management vision, “Sanwa Global Vision 2020.” This vision is built upon the achievements of “Sanwa Vision 2010” (fiscal 2001 to fiscal 2012), evolving from the initial phase of corporate value creation through global group management to a new phase of growth and success. We are now implementing the Third Mid-Term Management Plan (fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2020), the declared objective of which is to establish a foundation for becoming the top brand as a major global player.
     Two years to establish the foundation for becoming the top brand as a major global player
Third Mid-Term Management Plan (FY2019-FY2020)
FY2019 Actual
FY2020 Forecast
FY2020 Targets
¥440.2 billion
¥390.0 billion
¥450.0 billion
¥34.20 billion
¥22.00 billion
¥37.50 billion
7.8%
5.6%
8.3%
13.3%
7.5%
14.1%
0.38 times
0.36 times
—
¥14.0 billion
¥5.4 billion
¥15.9 billion
• The domestic business was the driver in fiscal 2019, and achieved its best performance figures ever.
• Sanwa Shutter Corporation recovered an operating income ratio of 10%.
• In fiscal 2020, revenues and profits are expected to fall short of the targets for the Mid-Term Management Plan, due to the novel coronavirus (COVID-19).
• Respond to the coronavirus crisis in each area • Promote AI/IoT adoption
• Strengthen the service business as a Group
• Establish the foundation for the Asia business • Deploy new ERP
• Promote ESG
        SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 19
 
   Progress of the Third Mid-Term Management Plan
Fiscal 2019 was unaffected by the coronavirus disease, and the domestic business drove both sales and profits to record levels.
 Two years to establish
the foundation for becoming
the top brand as a major global player
▶Core Business
1. Expand and strengthen business areas in core
businesses in Japan, the U.S. and Europe
▶Growing Business
2. Strengthen service segments and expand
business model
3. Enhance operation bases of China business and Asia business
▶Reinforcing Business Foundation
4. Reform work styles and improve productivity
5. Promote ESG to develop a corporate structure that is more trusted by society
     Basic Strategies
Expand and strengthen business areas in core businesses
Japan
Grow as an access system company
by establishing our position in each business field
1
   Core Business
• Ensure the profitability of shutters and doors
Multi-Product Sales Strategy
• Expand sales of partitions, entrances, waterproof products, etc. through Group cooperation
Service Business
• Expand orders received in response to new legal requirements for inspections, and respond to demand for post-disaster restoration work
Strengthening Supply Capabilities
• Secure production, logistics, and installation capacity during busy periods
▶Growing Business
Strengthen service segments
and expand business model
In fiscal 2019, we were able to substantially increase consolidated service business net sales, from ¥47.6 billion in fiscal 2018 to ¥54.2 billion.
This was largely due to a substantial increase in sales at Sanwa Shutter Corporation maintenance service, stemming from an expansion in legally-required inspections of fireproof equipment, as well as solid performance from the newly acquired Suzuki Shutter Corporation, which contributed to the growth of the domestic business.
We have also introduced field service systems and improved productivity in both North America and Europe. In Europe, we are pursuing integration synergies via Novoferm UK, which was made subject to consolidation in 2017, and BGS, which we acquired in 2018.
In fiscal 2019, although we received a record number of orders in Japan, we were able to complete the work with no major difficulties by boosting productivity and strengthening internal cooperation.
This was due to successfully passing on increases in installation expenses and logistics costs to customers in the form of higher sale prices, as well as strengthening supply capability by expanding production capacity for doors and other products, and enhancing efficiency in logistics and installation.
In addition, orders received also rose steadily in the service business, as customers complied with new legal requirements to perform inspections, or asked us to repair installations that had been damaged as a result of natural disasters. This increase in orders also contributed to our strong domestic operating performance.
Enhance operation bases of Asia business
Starting in fiscal 2019, Shanghai Baosteel-Sanwa Door, An-Ho Metal Industrial (Taiwan), Sanwa Shutter (H.K.) and Vina-Sanwa (Vietnam) were brought into the scope of consolidation. However, due to recent market changes and delays in localization, net sales were ¥6.4 billion, and we incurred an operating loss of ¥0.35 billion.
In fiscal 2020, we will be aiming to get into the black in Asia by achieving a recovery through a further localization of operations, and by bringing Suzuki Shutter (HK) into the scope of consolidation.
   Basic Strategies
2
Basic Strategies
3
    • Provide service businesses that meet the needs of customers in various regions to cultivate new customers and expand our business model
• Enhance Synergies from the addition of Suzuki Shutter Corporation to the Group
20 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
• From fiscal 2019, four companies were brought into the scope of consolidation. In addition, Suzuki Shutter (HK) will be brought into the scope of consolidation from fiscal 2020.
• Bring about recovery by further localizing operations
▶Core Business

       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
      North America
ODC: Strengthening core business segments while entering adjacent business fields
Europe
NF Group: Further strengthen the industrial segment, and promote digitalization through NF4.0
 Door Business
• Step up residential retrofitting
• Expand sales of commercial doors
Door Opener Business
• Expand the development of new products such as Wi-Fi-enabled products
• Expand our retail strategy
• Transfer door opener manufacturing to Mexico
 Industrial Business
• Improved productivity as a result of expansion of Alpha Deuren International’s plant
Hinge Door Business
• Leverage the acquisition of Robust AB in order to expand sales in Sweden and the U.K.
Garage Door Business
• Strengthen sales operations in the U.K.
In North America, although we struggled somewhat in the first half of fiscal 2019, there was a recovery in the second half, particularly in the residential market. This was thanks to the implementation of a channel strategy, especially in large urban areas, as well as the running of promotions targeting end users. Meanwhile, in the non-residential segment, although market conditions were soft throughout the year, we endeavored to maintain and enhance our market share through strategic pricing.
As for the door opener business, performance held steady as a result of launching new products, expanding our retail strategies through such measures as reinforcing sales at home centers, and increasing productivity by moving production to our Mexico Plant.
The industrial business remains the main performance driver in Europe. Productivity improved thanks to Alpha Deuren International’s expansion of its plant, which also enabled us to keep up with booming demand. Measures to boost dock leveler output capacity also proceeded smoothly.
Meanwhile, in the hinge door business, the newly-acquired Robust AB played a central role in enabling us to expand our sales in Sweden, the U.K., and beyond.
Regarding the garage door business, although we faced intensifying competition, the improved operational efficiency resulting from the NF4.0 digitalization drive contributed to the performance of the Europe business as a whole, which held steady.
▶Reinforcing Business Foundation Reform work styles
and improve productivity
We are pursuing various methods to improve productivity in each region. For example, in fiscal 2019, we introduced mobile PCs and updated our teleconferencing system in Japan. As a result, this contributed substantially to efforts to promote teleworking in response to the spread of the coronavirus.
In North America, we improved both productivity and quality by promoting production automation in the door division. Meanwhile, in Europe we optimized our production and supply systems, and transformed our business processes by pushing forward with digitalization through NF4.0.
Promote ESG to develop a corporate structure that is more trusted by society
   Basic Strategies
4
Basic Strategies
5
    • Enhance operational efficiency using the latest information systems, such as AI and IoT
• Improve productivity through work-style reforms
• Future: Expand the range of products that are adapted to climate change
• People: Take measures to foster new value and competitive strength
• Manufacturing: Provide important protection for daily life through a diverse range of products
• Reliable Management (governance, stronger compliance, risk management)
Japan has recently been hit by a series of large-scale disasters. This has continued in fiscal 2019, with Chiba and other Eastern Japan areas being struck by large-scale typhoons. As our mission is to provide infrastructure that protects people’s lives and property from such disasters, including typhoons and water damage, we will continue to offer products that guard against damage from natural disasters.
In fiscal 2020, we will need to re-acknowledge viruses as a new threat, and take actions, going forward to address risks from external factors.
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 21
 
 Financial Strategy
The Company will prioritize strategic investments for growth when allocating its free cash flows, and enhance our corporate value by steadily expanding SVA and ROIC. As part of such strategic investment, we estimate a total of ¥30 billion to be used for capital investments and M&As over the two fiscal years of 2019 and 2020. In fiscal 2019, approximately ¥15 billion was invested, including about ¥10.6 billion for M&As of SUZUKI SHUTTER CORPORATION, Robust AB, and other companies, and about ¥4.3 billion for strategic capital investments. In fiscal 2020, we will continue to make proactive investments that contribute to long-term growth.
SVA and ROIC for fiscal 2020 are expected to decline due to a decrease in operating income.
ROE for fiscal 2020 is expected to fall to the level of the cost of shareholders’ equity.
Due to dividends that are forecast to be the same amount as in the previous fiscal year, a temporary increase is anticipated.
Free cash flows will be allocated preferentially to strategic investments.
D/E ratio and shareholders’ equity ratio are expected be maintained at a level sufficient for safety, in light of ratings and interest conditions.
Major revisions were made for fiscal 2020 due to the impact of COVID-19.
Approach to cash flows and allocation of strategic investments
 SVA (Effective corporate tax rate: 33%)
FY2019 Actual
¥14.0 billion
FY2020 Forecast
   ¥5.4 billion
   ROIC (WACC: 6%)
15.4%
9.5%
   ROE
(Cost of capital: 8%)
13.3%
7.5%
   Payout Ratio
35.0%
60.1%
   Free Cash Flow
¥15.6 billion
¥10.2 billion
   D/E Ratio
Shareholders’ Equity Ratio
0.38 times
 46.3%
0.36 times
  46.9%
           First Three-Year
Plan Actual (Three-year total)
Second Three-Year
Plan Actual (Three-year total)
Third Mid-Term
Management Plan
 Forecast (Two-year total)
Strategic Investment Policy of the Third Mid-Term Management Plan
 Cash dividends ¥10.5 billion
Share buybacks ¥10.0 billion
  M&A ¥14.0 billion
Strategic investments ¥10.0 billion
  Capital investments: ¥13.0 billion
 Repayment of interest-bearing debt, etc.:
¥8.9 billion
 Cash dividends ¥19.0 billion
Share buybacks ¥5.0 billion
  M&A ¥5.8 billion
Strategic investments ¥11.8 billion
  Capital investments: ¥20.0 billion
 Repayment of interest-bearing debt, etc.:
¥12.9 billion
 Cash dividends ¥15.5 billion
 M&A ¥20.0 billion
Strategic investments ¥10.0 billion
  Capital investments: ¥9.0 billion
 Repayment of interest-bearing debt, etc.:
¥6.7 billion
We expect to allocate approximately ¥30 billion to capital investments and M&As over the two-year period, focusing on investments for promoting multi-product sales and in growth sectors where synergy effects are anticipated.
FY2019 Actual 15.0billion Approximately ¥
(Breakdown)
M&As Approximately ¥10.6billion (SUZUKI SHUTTER CORPORATION and Robust AB)
Strategic capital investments
Approximately ¥4.3billion
(New CAD system, new ERP system,
new production line at the Mexico plant, etc.)
       Operating
cash flow: ¥66.4 billion
Operating
cash flow: ¥74.5 billion
Operating
cash flow:
¥61.2 billion (Forecast)
 22 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

          A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
 Management with an awareness of the cost of capital
1. SVA as a management indicator
Since fiscal 2001, the Company has adopted SVA (Sanwa Value Added) as a management indicator, and uses it as an indicator for making decisions regarding M&As, and as an indicator for evaluating the business performance of each Group company.
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
  Increase in net sales
Reduction of cost of sales
Reduction of selling, general and administrative expenses
  SVA = NOPAT – Cost of Capital
   Improvement of NOPAT
FY2018 ¥21.1 bln FY2019 ¥22.9 bln
    Reduction of tax expenses
FY2018: Tax rate 33% FY2019: Tax rate 33%
  SVA
FY2018 ¥12.7 bln FY2019 ¥14.0 bln
Interest Bearing Liabilities
FY2018 ¥61.2 bln FY2019 ¥63.7 bln
 Reduction of cost of capital
FY2018 ¥8.5 bln FY2019 ¥8.9 bln
 Net assets
FY2018 ¥161.6 bln FY2019 ¥165.6 bln
 Decrease in WACC
FY2018: 6.0% FY2019: 6.0%
  ROIC*2= NOPAT / Invested capital
NOPAT
Invested capital
2. Cost of capital
· Cost of shareholders’ equity and ROE
The Company aims for a cost of shareholders’ equity of roughly 8.0%.
The breakdown includes a beta of 1.0 to 1.5, an equity risk premium of 5.0 to 6.0, and a risk-free rate of 0.5 to 1.5 times. By referring to each of these items, the Company recognizes the cost of shareholders’ equity to be around 8.0%. Meanwhile, ROE has been maintained at 10% or higher since 2014, which exceeds the level of the cost of shareholders’ equity (8.0%), thereby leading to an increase in corporate value.
  ROIC
=
*1 Invested capital = working capital + noncurrent assets
= Shareholders’ Equity + Interest Bearing Liabilities – (cash equivalents + investment securities)
*2 The invested capital used in the Company’s ROIC has been calculated excluding cash and cash equivalents as well as investments in securities.
Improvement of operating income
FY2018 ¥31.5 bln FY2019 ¥34.2 bln
 Reduction of invested capital*1
FY2018 ¥141.1 bln FY2019 ¥149.1 bln
Decrease in cost of liabilities
FY2018: 0.9% FY2019: 0.9%
 Decrease in cost of shareholders’ equity
FY2018: 8.0% FY2019: 8.0%
    (%) 16.0
12.0 10.6
12.7 12.8 12.2 12.7
2016 2017
15.0 13.5
2018
15.4
13.3 8.0
6.0
2019
· WACC and ROIC
The Company recognizes its weighted average cost of capital (WACC) to be 6.0%, which is calculated with a cost of shareholders’ equity of 8.0% and a cost of liabilities of 0.5 to 1.0.
Due to a steady increase in net operating profit after tax (NOPAT), ROIC has been 10% or higher since fiscal 2014, significantly exceeding the WACC.
  12.6
10.7
2014
-●- ROIC -●- Cost of capital -●- WACC
12.2 11.4
2015
 8.0 4.0
9.6
    (FY) 2013 -●- ROE
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 23
Cash equivalents + Investment securities FY2018 ¥76.2 bln FY2019 ¥80.2 bln
  
 Capital Policy
1. Financial foundation
· Optimal capital structure
The shareholders’ equity ratio was 46.3% as of March 31, 2020 (shareholders’ equity: ¥164,065 million). In the Third Mid-Term Management Plan, it was estimated to be 47.8%, and has maintained a level in excess of 45% since fiscal 2017. The Company’s basic approach to its financial strategy is that it does not excessively use financial leverage.
· Ratings
A stable financial foundation is essential in order to safely return profits and repay debts to stakeholders, including shareholders and creditors. To this end, the Company has obtained issuer ratings of A+ from Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. (JCR) and A from Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I), as objective indicators (both ratings are as of March 2020).
As of March 31, 2020
Total assets 354,023 (Millions of yen)
  Current assets
222,532 (62.9%)
 Current liabilities
114,071 (32.2%)
 Non-current liabilities
74,318 (21.0%)
Non-current assets
131,491 (37.1%)
 Net assets
165,633 (46.8%)
  Percentage figures in parentheses show composition ratios.
Trends in ratings
A+
A
A- BBB+ 0
  R&I   JCR
D/E ratio
 Japan Credit Rating Rating and Investment Agency, Ltd. (JCR) Information, Inc. (R&I)
A+ A
  1996.3 2000.3
2004.3
0.53
2008.3 2012.3
2016.3 2020.3
   2. Financing and D/E ratio
The D/E ratio was 0.38 times as of March 31, 2020. The
revised forecast for D/E ratio in the Third Mid-Term
Management Plan was 0.36 times, and we are moving closer 0.8 to this forecast. However, because the Company places the 0.6 highest priority on future growth, it will proactively pursue 0.4 M&As. If our funds on hand are insufficient to successfully
carry out M&As, the Company will consider increasing its interest-bearing debt. (FY)
(Times) 1.0
0.2 0
0.54
  24 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
2015 2016
0.44 0.38 0.38 2017 2018 2019

          A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Shareholder Returns
In order to further promote management aimed at increasing corporate value while also improving the corporate culture and strengthening the management foundation, the Company’s basic policy is to maintain a stable dividend payout ratio and distribute profits based on consolidated performance, targeting a payout ratio of 35%.
For fiscal 2019, we paid an annual dividend of ¥34 per share (¥17 per share for both the interim and year-end dividends), as planned. For fiscal 2020, while the performance outlook predicts significant decreases in both revenue and profits, our forecast is to pay an annual dividend of ¥34 per share (¥17 per share for both interim and year-end dividends),
Dividends
· FY2019 dividend
Forecast an annual dividend of ¥34 per share, with an increase of ¥2 (interim dividend of ¥17 and year-end dividend of ¥17)
Note: Payout ratio target of 35%
· FY2020 dividend (forecast)
Forecast an annual dividend of ¥34 per share, the same amount as in fiscal 2019
Share buybacks
· Announced share buybacks on July 31, 2019
Amount of buybacks: ¥5 billion
The number of shares acquired: 4,133 thousand shares Buyback period: August 1, 2019 to November 27, 2019
4,000 thousand shares out of those acquired were cancelled on February 19, 2020.
Note: Share buybacks are carried out flexibly while considering the
Company’s cash position, in order to prioritize strategic investments.
Outlook for Fiscal 2020
Our outlook is based on the assumption that the impact of COVID-19 on each sector will continue at least throughout fiscal 2020. We expect consolidated net sales to decrease 11.4% year on year to ¥390.0 billion. A decrease of 10.6% is expected in the first half of the fiscal year, while a decrease of
Full-year consolidated forecast
Net sales
Operating income
Profit attributable to owners of the parent company
For fiscal 2019, we paid an annual dividend of ¥34 per share (¥17 per share for both the interim and year-end dividends), as planned. For fiscal 2020, while the performance outlook predicts significant decreases in both revenue and profits, our forecast is to pay an annual dividend of ¥34 per share (¥17 per share for both the interim and year-end dividends), which is the same amount as in fiscal 2019, in light of our cash flows and capital position.
In terms of share buybacks, ¥5.0 billion of shares were purchased and cancelled in fiscal 2019. In fiscal 2020, we will carry out comprehensive shareholder returns while considering investments and funds on hand.
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
  Cash dividend / Payout ratio
(Yen) 70
60 50 40
(%)
70 60.1 60
       37.1
34.4
35.0
50 40 30 20 10
33.5 3030
25
20 10
00 (FY) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
  34
   32
34
        Cash dividend (left scale)
Payout ratio (right scale)
(forecast)
 12% is expected in the second half, with the greatest decrease expected in the second quarter. Operating income is expected to decrease 35.7% year on year to ¥22.0 billion.
This outlook will be revised, as necessary, depending on the situation.
  FY2020 Forecast
390.0
FY2020 First half
FY2020 Second half
FY2019 actual
Year-on-year change (amount)
Year-on-year change (%)
       22.0
178.0 212.0
5.1 16.9
440.2
  34.22
   12.5
2.3 10.2
21.65
       (50.2)
(12.22)
(9.15)
(Billions of yen, %)
(11.4)
(35.7)
(42.3)
      SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 25
 
 Special Feature:
Value that Generates a Competitive Advantage
    Service Multi-Product Sales Strengthen Service Segments
and Expand Business Model
Sources of the Sanwa
Globalization
 The Sanwa Group supports our customers at every stage, from product development through sales, design, procurement, manufacturing, installation, maintenance and service. In Japan, in particular, we have established a business model based on our capabilities in the areas of installation and maintenance, and this model has already become a driver for future growth.
Installation quality is obviously critical. However, when a product manufacturer also assumes responsibility for ensuring installation ability and managing progress, it increases the value delivered to its customers, such as general contractors and building firms. In addition, by handling repairs and service after completion of installation by a highly specialized manufacturer, we are able to provide added value to the end users.
In buildings, shutters and doors play critical roles in controlling entry to prevent crime and protecting against fires and other disasters, and constitute access systems, while installation and service serve as an important key for delivering products to customers and ensuring that they can use them with peace of mind, on a day-to-day basis.
By expanding the service business, the Sanwa Group aims to further enhance safety, security, and convenience, in order to protect human lives and societal infrastructure from fires and other disasters.
Development Sales Design Procurement Manufacturing Installation
        26 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
Maintenance and service
Service Business Net Sales
 (Billions of yen) 60.0
40.0
20.0
54.2
(%)
15 14 13 12 11
    43.7
47.6
     Service
Fiscal 2019 Service Business Net Sales (Consolidated)
 11.3
11.6
12.3
   ¥
54.2
billion
0 10 (FY) 2017 2018 2019
Net sales (left scale) Consolidated sales ratio (right scale)
 Seamless Customer Support

       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Japan
In Japan, our sophisticated nationwide network, which is centered on Sanwa Shutter Corporation, constitutes a powerful infrastructure.
In 2016, a partial amendment to the Building Standards Act came into force, introducing a periodic inspection report system for fire prevention equipment, such as fireproof shutters and doors. Full-scale implementation of the measures began in fiscal 2019, and we have been aiming to further reinforce and expand our operations in this area. For example, we have been striving to attract new maintenance customers, and to secure and train qualified personnel. We have also been doing our utmost for recovery from natural disasters, which have become a frequent occurrence in recent years, and will continue to contribute to the maintenance of societal infrastructure in this way.
North America
Our sales structure in the North American market mainly involves selling through a network of about 400 distributors and several thousands of dealers, rather than directly to customers. However, by also being able to perform installation and service, we are strongly cementing our presence there.
As a key measure, we have restructured NS, a direct sales division centered on Canada’s CDS, and placed it under the control of the door division. In addition, we will be working to further expand our service business while endeavoring to expand the number of automatic door plants through M&As, and to attract more incoming orders for services such as periodic inspections, and boosting our capabilities in this area.
Europe
Novoferm Group acquired Norsud of France in 2016, and Bolton Gate Services Ltd. (BGS) of the U.K. in 2018. These acquisitions allowed us to expand our operations to the industrial doors business area, in addition to the areas in which we have been operating our service business.
Going forward, we will be strengthening and leveraging synergies from our sales and service network, which encompasses Norsud, BGS, and Horton UK, in order to further reinforce our service structure across Europe, mainly in the realm of industrial doors, which require frequent maintenance.
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
           Group’s Value Creation
Based on its mission of offering products and services that provide safety, security, and convenience to further contribute to the prosperity of society, the Sanwa Group will be executing various strategies and continuing to grow. The sources of the value creation that will support this growth are the characteristics and strengths that are unique to the Sanwa Group, which we describe as our “service business,” a “multi- product sales strategy,” and “globalization.” By organically combining these strengths, we will deliver even more value to society.
 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 27

 Total Solutions from Multi-Product Sales
 * Non-shutter sales ratio: Domestic consolidated net sales excluding net sales of heavy-duty and lightweight shutters/Domestic consolidated net sales x 100
The Sanwa Group has always kept pace with the times, in order to develop products that are suited to the various situations that people experience in their lives. In the early years after our foundation, we manufactured lightweight shutters. However, we entered the door business in the late 1960s, as Japan moved into a period of intense growth. From the 1980s, we promoted the diversification of product types through M&As, acquired leading companies with a strong brand presence in each field, and worked on multi-product sales, starting with Showa Front for store fronts, Showa Kensan for automatic door engines, Venix for partitioning products, Sanwa Tajima Corporation for stainless steel products, and Sanwa System Wall for wooden school partitioning.
The Sanwa Group currently has 18 domestic subsidiaries. As a result, we are able to offer a vast range of products including shutters, steel doors, overhead doors, exteriors, automatic doors, stainless steel and aluminum facades, and partitions, and are ranked No. 1 in the industry in terms of the number of products that contribute to safe, secure, and convenient lifestyles. We aim to solve the issues faced by society through the provision of a wide variety of product groups that have been cultivated through our multi-product sales strategy.
Transition of Our Multi-Product Sales Strategy in Japan
1983
Deployed 24-hour full-time service (FTS) nationwide
1984
Began sales of facades for stores through Showa Front Sales (now Showa Front)
2005
Acquired 100% of the shares of Tajima Metal Work, strengthening
sales of stainless steel products
2008
Acquired 100% of the shares of Hayashi Kogyo,
a steel door manufacturer
2010s
   1969
Established Sanwa Door Industrial Entered the door business
1970s
1974
1999
Acquired 100% of the shares of Tajima Junzo Seisakusho
the top brand of stainless
steel architectural materials
2017
Acquired the partition business of Nihon Spindle
and established Sanwa Spindle (now Sanwa System Wall)
2014
Began sales of waterproof shutters and waterproof doors
     1980s
1990s
1990
Acquired stake in automatic door company Showa Kensan
2000s
2003
      28 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
Began manufacture and sales of ODC products
100% of the shares of
1987
2019
Acquired all shares in LIXIL Suzuki Shutter Corporation
(now Suzuki Shutter)
Established Sanwa Exterior
(now Sanwa Exterior Niigata Plant)
Acquired
Venix, strengthening sales of partitions
Sales Trend in the Non-Shutter Business
      Multi-Product Sales
(Millions of yen) 40,000
35,000 30,000 25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000 0
 Fiscal 2019 Non-Shutter Sales Ratio (on a domestic, consolidated basis)
  78.8
2009 Lightweight doors
Stainless products
2015
Heavy-duty doors
Facades Exteriors
2019
 %
(FY)
Partitions
 
       A History of Value Creation
  Office Areas
Japan No.2
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Building Exterior
Corporate Data
  Our Products for Buildings
      Partitions
Toilet booths
Automatic doors
Aluminum
& stainless steel facades
Mailboxes
Waterproof shutters
Low and mid-rise curtain walls
Fireproof & smokeproof shutters
Fireproof doors (steel doors)
Multi Products
            Fire Areas
                Entrance Areas
         Sanwa Group products deliver greater safety, peace of mind and comfort
Door openers
Automatic doors
North America
No.3
Industrial sectional doors
Partitions & toilet booths
Japan No.2*
Aluminum & stainless steel facades
Waterproofing products
Japan
Curtain walls
Japan
Mail boxes & delivery boxes
Japan No.2
Lightweight sliding doors
         Europe
  Asia
                  North America
Europe No.4
Asia
Japan No.3
North America
Europe
Asia
North America
Europe
Asia
              High-speed sheet shutters
                  North America
  Europe
  Asia
   North America
  Europe
  Asia
 Japan
No.1 America
Garage doors
North Japan America
No.1 No.2
Japan No.1
North America
No.1
Europe No.2
Europe No.2
Japan No.1
Condominium doors
Japan No.2
Window shutters
North
Europe
Europe No.2
Asia
Asia
Asia
Asia
Asia
Asia
        Steel doors
Japan North No.1 America
Asia
               North America
  Europe
    North America
  Europe
  Asia
          Lightweight shutters
Heavy duty shutters
                North America
  Europe
  Asia
   North America
  Europe
  Japan No.1
North America
No.1
Europe
Japan No.1
North
America Europe
No.1
Japan No.3
Japan No.1
Schools
Asia
Welfare Facilities
          Core Products
Note: Shown in order of market position. (Sanwa Holdings’ estimates.) * Toilet booth market
Detached Houses
Housing Complexes
Commercial Facilities and Office Buildings
Medical
and and
Factories Warehouses
   SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 29

 Enlarge our Presence through Globalization
 One of the Group’s strengths is its globalization, and after venturing abroad before other Japanese companies in the industry with the establishment of Sanwa Shutter (Hong Kong) in 1986, we continued to expand overseas, and now engage in business in 26 countries and regions around the world. Our steps toward full-fledged globalization have also been marked by acquisitions such as Overhead Door Corporation (ODC), which has the top market share in North America, in 1996, and Novoferm Group (NF Group), a long- established European manufacturer of doors and shutters, in 2003.
When operating in global markets, it is important to keep in mind that countries all have different histories, cultures, and legal regulations, and to adapt to each region’s needs and attributes. To maximize post- acquisition synergies, mutual understanding and clear communication are critical. Accordingly, we endeavor to increase interest in each other’s technologies and products, while engaging in collaborative development, selling one another’s products, and providing mutual assistance toward opening new markets.
We will therefore continue to enlarge our presence, in order to establish ourselves as the top brand and as a major global player in the access systems industry, and thereby offer safety, security, and convenience all over the world.
Overseas operating Number of
Number of countries
26
and regions
Asia 1% Japan
   income ratio 36.2
production bases
Europe 17%
North America 27%
  60
Europe
At the time Fiscal 2004 Net Sales of acquisition € 340million
    %
sites
countries
Composition of net sales
  by region 55% (FY2019)
          No.2
Asia
No.1
Japan
No.1
Notes:1. The sales figures for each region include internal sales
2. The exchange rates for fiscal 2019 were $1: ¥109.24 and €1: ¥122.15
30 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
At the time of acquisition
Fiscal 1997 Net Sales
million US$597
North America
        FY2019 Net Sales
€ 613million
FY2019 Net Sales ¥ 6.4billion
FY2019 Net Sales
¥ 240.4billion
FY2019 Net Sales US$1,084 million
       Globalization
Fiscal 2019 Overseas Sales Ratio
45.4%
Overseas Sales Ratio
Overseas Employee Ratio
38.1%
FY2009
63.6%
FY2009
45.4%
FY2019
64.0%
FY2019
   
       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
   1996: Acquired Overhead Door Corporation 2009: Acquired Wayne Dalton Corporation
2011: Acquired Creative Door Services of Canada
2012: Acquired DCI and ADA
2013: Acquired TAC
2014: Acquired HAO (currently DSC)
2018: Acquired LUX ODC
North America
ODC, which we acquired in 1996, boasts a top-tier market share in North America and will mark its 100th anniversary in 2021. In 2009, in the wake of the financial crisis, we also acquired our competitor, Wayne Dalton, thereby establishing a solid position in the garage door market.
Moving into the 2010s, in 2011 we acquired Creative Door Services (CDS), which installs and services automatic doors in Canada, and later purchased distributors that handle installation work. As such, we expanded our service business to match the respective regions and businesses. Looking forward, we will continue to maintain and expand our core businesses, while also broadening our business domains through entry into adjacent fields.
Europe
NF Group, which we acquired in 2003, is a long-established manufacturer that traces its history back to 1955. With Germany as its main hub, it has manufacturing bases and distribution networks throughout Europe, and has achieved the number-two market share. Entering the 2010s, we rapidly expanded our industrial-use product business through the acquisition of Alpha Deuren, while the subsequent purchases of Norsud and BGS allowed us to further strengthen our sales and service network.
More recently, in 2019, we snapped up Robust AB, which is engaged in the hinged doors business in Sweden, Norway, and the U.K. This move allowed as to advance into regions in which we still only have a small share of the market. Going forward, we will be pursuing synergies arising from integration with the companies we have acquired, and aggressively expanding our industrial doors business and service business, in order to establish a larger presence in the European market.
Asia
The Sanwa Group also operates in Asia, including the ASEAN nations and China. However, we have not based our strategy on the acquisition of local companies, as we have in Europe and North America. Instead, we have established joint ventures (JVs) with local capital. This means that it is necessary for us to perform tasks such as establishing distribution channels and training installers by ourselves. For this reason, we are currently focused on establishing a foundation in each market. We are also taking on the challenge of expanding commercial opportunities across Asia, and are ready to move forward to the next stage. For example, we are promoting further localization and strengthening cooperation among Group companies.
  2003: Acquired Novoferm Group
2014: Acquired Alpha Deuren of the Netherlands
2016: Acquired Norsud of France
2017: Acquired additional shares in Novoferm UK,
making it a wholly-owned subsidiary
2018: Acquired BGS of the U.K.
2019: Acquired Robust AB of Sweden
   1986: Established Sanwa Shutter (Hong Kong) 1988: Established An-Ho Metal Industrial in Taiwan 1991: Established Sun Metal in Thailand
1996: Established Sanwamas Metal Industry in
Indonesia
2005: Established Novoferm (Shanghai)
2006: Established Shanghai Baosteel-Sanwa Door
2008: Established Vina-Sanwa in Vietnam 2019: Acquired Suzuki Shutter (Hong Kong)
   SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 31

Regional Operations
JAPAN
Maintain the profitability of core products and achieve growth through multi-product sales initiatives
Meiji Takayama
Representative Director and President, Sanwa Shutter Corporation
   Sanwa Shutter Corporation
Net Sales Composition by Product
Net Sales
(Millions of yen)
200,000 187,388 198,569
Operating Income
(Millions of yen)
20,000 17,104 18,339
 (%)
16.1
6.6
29.0
210,407
191,300
21,172
17,000
2020 (Forecast)
2,360
2020 (Forecast)
         15.9
10.7
12.4
9.2
100,000
(FY) 2017 2018 2019 Domestic subsidiaries
2020 (Forecast)
52,700
(FY) 2017
2018
2019
2,583
2019
10,000 00
     Lightweight shutters (Millions of yen) Heavy-duty shutters 60,000
Shutter-related (overhead doors,
high-speed sheet shutters, etc.) 30,000 32,464
51,180
(Millions of yen) 3,000
Net Sales
Operating Income
    35,388 00
  Commercial building / condominium doors Partitions
Maintenance services
Others (residential doors,
window-related products, exterior fittings, stainless-steel entrances, aluminum fronts, automatic door oprators)
(FY)
2017 2018
2019 2020 (Forecast)
1,161 (FY) 2017
In fiscal 2019, Sanwa Shutter Corporation dealt with a record number of orders received with no major difficulties and revenues from heavy-duty shutters and doors for buildings, condominiums, etc. increased. The maintenance and service business also performed robustly in response to demand for legally required inspections. As a result, net sales increased 6.0% year on year to ¥210.41 billion. Operating income increased 15.4% year on year to ¥21.17 billion due to higher volume and sale prices. In other domestic subsidiaries, the effect of bringing a new subsidiary into the scope of consolidation contributed to a 44.6% increase year on year in net sales to ¥51.2 billion and a 112.8% increase year on year in operating income to ¥2.58 billion.
For fiscal 2020, Sanwa Shutter Corporation is forecasting net sales of ¥191.3 billion (a decrease of 9.1% year on year) and
operating income of ¥17.0 billion (a decrease of 19.7% year on year) due to the impact of COVID-19. In the first quarter (from April to June), the spread of COVID-19 began to have an impact, and this is expected to continue through the second quarter. We believe that signs of recovery will finally begin to be seen from the second half onward. However, factors such as delays in finalizing new incoming orders and slower progress with completing on-site work are likely to have an impact throughout the year. The trend at other domestic subsidiaries will be the same as that for Sanwa Shutter Corporation. However, we are projecting an increase in sales of 3.0% year on year to ¥52.7 billion and a decrease in operating income of 8.7% year on year to ¥2.36 billion due to the effect of the consolidation of SUZUKI SHUTTER CORPORATION.
32 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
1,500
1,214
2018
  Note: Figures for net sales and operating income exclude internal transactions
 Fiscal 2019 Business Performance and Fiscal 2020 Outlook

       A History of Value Creation
Net Sales Composition by Region
Residential
(20% of Japan’s sales)
Japan Approx.
55%
· Number-one share in Japan in six fields, including shutters and doors
· Seamlessly integrated business model from development and production to installation and after-sales service
· Nationwide sales network comprising 500 locations and more than 3,900 installers
· Enhance productivity through higher efficiency of production and logistics
· Improve profitability of orders received
· Pass on to customers increases in raw materials prices and other costs
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
   Strengths
   Non-residential (80% of Japan’s sales)
Tasks
 HIGHLIGHTS
 Launched Fireproof Panel, “Magical Taika Plus”
Magical Taika Plus is a fireproof partition for installation in factories, warehouses, etc. It features an insertable panel structure secured by screws at the top and bottom, and the use of an installation- assist robot called a Giraffe allows installation to be completed more than twice as fast as with the ALC (autoclaved lightweight concrete) or LGS (light gauge steel) methods. The opening can be combined with one of Sanwa Shutter Corporation’s fireproof shutters, doors, etc. to save space and reduce the time taken for installation.
SUZUKI SHUTTER CORPORATION Joins the Group
SUZUKI SHUTTER CORPORATION was founded in 1903, and was the first company in Japan to manufacture and sell shutters. SUZUKI SHUTTER CORPORATION offers a full range of products from heavy-duty shutters to lightweight shutters and other products for homes and small stores and currently focuses on shutter maintenance services. By integrating its long history and outstanding customer base with the Sanwa Group, we will be aiming to create new synergies and drive further growth.
Headquarters of SUZUKI SHUTTER CORPORATION (Tokyo)
     SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 33

NORTH AMERICA
Maintaining and expanding
core businesses while entering into adjacent business fields
Kelly Terry
Overhead Door Corporation President & CEO
    Net Sales Composition by Product
Net Sales
(Millions of U.S. dollars) 1,500
Operating Income
(Millions of U.S. dollars) 100
(%)
 7.2
   19.3
1,000
500
1,007
1,057
1,085
941
75 50 25
78.3
79.6
82.7
29.0
         Doors Automatic doors
Forex Rate
Forex Rate (1$)
73.5
Door openers
00
    (FY)
2017
2018 2019 2020 (Forecast)
¥112.04
(FY)
2017 2018
¥109.24
2019 2020 (Forecast)
¥105.00
 FY
 2017
 2018
 2019
  2020 (Forecast)
 In fiscal 2019, our mainstay door business and door opener business performed steadily, and as a result, net sales totaled ¥118.5 billion, up 1.6% year on year. Operating income was ¥9.03 billion, up 2.9% year on year, due to passing on higher materials prices to customers in the form of higher sale prices and cost reductions. U.S. dollar basis, net sales increased by 2.6% year on year to $1,085 million, and operating income increased by 3.9% to $82.7 million.
For fiscal 2020, we estimate a 16.6% drop year on year in net sales to ¥98.8 billion and a 66.3% drop year on year
in operating income to ¥3.05 billion. Although COVID-19 had little impact up to the first quarter (from January to March), we expect to see an effect in the second quarter and a recovery beginning in the fourth quarter. Of the three regions of Japan, North America, and Europe, we forecast that North America will be impacted by the pandemic for the longest period. On a U.S. dollar basis, we estimate net sales decreasing by 13.3% to $941 million, with operating income down 64.9% to $29 million.
34 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
¥110.36
 Note: Figures for net sales and operating income exclude internal transactions
 Fiscal 2019 Business Performance and Fiscal 2020 Outlook

       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
  Net Sales Composition by Region
Non-residential (50% of
North America’s sales)
Rresidential
(50% of North America’s sales)
· Powerful brand and top-tier market share in North America
· Strong sales network of about 400 “Ribbon Distributors”
· Strengthen channel strategies for each product and application
· Reinforce the service business by proving support to distributors and dealers in the door business
· Build strength in regions in which we have a low market share
· Smoothly deploy a new ERP
   North
America Approx.
27%
Strengths
  Tasks
  Basic Strategies
Gate openers
Access control equipment
Maintain and expand core business segments while entering into adjacent business fields New Business
       Shutters
Door openers
Existing Business
Garage doors
Overhead doors
Automatic doors
Dock levelers
Security related products
     HIGHLIGHTS
  Launched Genie Models 6170 and 6070
Two shaft-direct openers for residential garage doors, Models 6170 and 6070 have been released by Genie as new-style openers. Unlike the conventional design, in which the opener is attached to the ceiling, these openers can be attached directly to the garage wall. This represents that an opener can be easily installed even in a high-ceiling garage, and brings a clean and open look to the garage. The freed-up space can be used for storage or other purposes.
We will continue working to develop products that deliver convenience to people’s lives.
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 35

EUROPE
Further strengthen industrial segment and promote digitalization through NF4.0
Rainer Schackmann Novoferm Group CEO
   Net Sales Composition by Product
Net Sales
(Millions of euros) 1,000
750 500 250
Operating Income
(Millions of euros) 40
(%)
       44.0
Hinge doors Industrial doors
28.6
27.4
Garage doors
565
613
553
30 20 10
29.5 30.2 22.7
 511
        In fiscal 2019, the strong and expanding industrial door business and the acquisition of Robust AB led to a rise in net sales by 2.0% year on year to ¥74.9 billion. Operating income fell 3.7% year on year to ¥3.69 billion, as exchange rate fluctuations offset overall success in passing on higher materials price to customers in the form of higher sale prices. On a euro basis, net sales increased by 8.5% year on year to €613 million, and operating income increased by 2.5% year on year to €30.2 million.
For fiscal 2020, we predict that net sales will drop by 15.1%
year on year to ¥63.6 billion, with operating income dropping by 53.9% year on year to ¥1.70 billion due to the impact of COVID-19. Europe began to be affected by COVID-19 in the first quarter (from January to March), earlier than Japan or North America, and the impact was greatest in the second quarter. We expect a recovery to occur to a certain extent in the fourth quarter. On a euro basis, we anticipate that net sales will drop by 9.8% year on year to €553 million, with operating income dropping by 51.0% year on year to €14.8 million.
36 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
(FY)
2017
2018 2019 2020 (Forecast)
¥127.22
(FY)
2017
00
14.8
2018 2019 2020 (Forecast)
  Forex Rate
Forex Rate (1€)
¥130.01
¥122.15
¥115.00
 FY
 2017
 2018
 2019
  2020 (Forecast)
  (Note) Figures for net sales and operating income exclude internal transactions
 Fiscal 2019 Business Performance and Fiscal 2020 Outlook

       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
   Non-residential (60% of Europe’s sales)
Residential
(40%
of Europe’s sales)
· Operates in the mainstay markets of Germany and the Netherlands as well as in other European countries such as France, the U.K., Italy and Spain
Europe · Approx.
17% ·
· Strengthen competitive edge in regions in which we have
a low market share
· Generate synergies from integration with acquired companies
Strengths
Corporate Data
 Net Sales Composition by Region
 Agile M&A strategy and ability to respond to local needs in each region
Integrated sales, manufacturing, and logistics network built through structural reform, and increased productivity
  Tasks
 HIGHLIGHTS
  Released Sectional Garage Door, “ISO 70”
ISO 70 is a 70mm-thick sectional garage door featuring panels offering superior insulation performance. A double floor seal located at the bottom of the door maintains close contact with the floor, preventing dirt being blown inside by the wind while reducing heat loss. The door can also be combined with a Thermo frame set as an option, which improves insulation performance by up to 15%.
Synergies with Robust AB
The NF Group has positioned the hinge door business (particularly anticrime and fireproof doors) in Northern Europe and the U.K. as an important and promising market for the future, and expect it to see solid growth over the next few years. With the acquisition of Robust AB, we will strengthen the NF Group’s hinge door business, and will be pursuing further growth by maximizing synergies between the two entities.
     Headquarters of Robust AB (Sweden)
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 37

          ASIA
Increase consolidated businesses by enhancing Group integrated management
            Dongbang Novoferm (Korea)
Vina-Sanwa (Vietnam)
SUN METAL (Thailand)
Pt Sanwamas Metal Industry (Indonesia)
Consolidated Subsidiaries
7,367
2020 (Forecast)
(Millions of yen) 1,500
1,000 500 0
60
Net Sales
(Millions of yen) 8,000
6,000 6,421 4,000
2,000 0
(FY) 2019
Operating Income
           Shanghai Baosteel -Sanwa Door (China)
Novoferm (Shanghai)
An-Ho Metal Industrial (Taiwan)
Sanwa Shutter (H.K.) Suzuki Shutter (HK)
-500 -348
(FY) 2019 2020
(Forecast)
      Fiscal 2019 Business Performance and Fiscal 2020 Outlook
  In fiscal 2019, we newly brought Shanghai Baosteel-Sanwa Door, An-Ho Metal Industrial, Sanwa Shutter (H.K.), and Vina-Sanwa into the scope of consolidation, and worked to establish the business foundation by enhancing management synergies of each Group company. Net sales in fiscal 2019 were ¥6.4 billion. However, we recorded an operating loss of ¥348 million and were unable to establish a profit base.
In fiscal 2020, although we anticipate the effect of COVID-19 in Asia mainly in the first quarter, projecting net sales of ¥7.4 billion, a 14.7% increase year on year and operating income of ¥60 million, an improvement of ¥408 million from the previous fiscal year, due mainly to factors such as the effect of bringing Suzuki Shutter (HK) into the scope of consolidation.
  38
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
 
       A History of Value Creation
Net Sales Composition by Region
Asia Approx.
1%
· Product lineup and exceptional quality utilizing Sanwa Group technology
· Production and sales structures that utilize all bases
· Promote localization to meet needs in each region
· Establish a network of distributors and optimize manufacturing
bases
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
    Strengths
   Tasks
 HIGHLIGHTS
  Aiming for Further Business Expansion by Consolidating the Asia Business
Regarding the Asia business, in view of the separate strategies from
each company and for each country that we saw in the past, we
regard Greater China and ASEAN members as separate markets,
and are aiming to further achieve business expansion through the
supply of each other’s products and the centralization of production
facilities. We are taking steps to rapidly adapt to the needs of each
market environment, and will pursue integration synergies from the
merger with Sanwa Shutter (H.K.) of two companies that joined the
Group in September 2019, namely Suzuki Shutter (HK) and Suzuki
Shutter (Macau). In fiscal 2019, Shanghai Baosteel-Sanwa Door, An-Ho Metal Industrial, Sanwa Shutter (H.K.), and Vina-Sanwa were brought into the scope of consolidation, and Suzuki Shutter (HK) will be consolidated in fiscal 2020. With these initiatives, we will be working to ensure that we can accelerate the speed of growth.
New Models of Heat-Insulating Fireproof Doors at Novoferm (Shanghai)
Novoferm (Shanghai) launched new models of heat-insulating fireproof door that are certified as fireproof doors under China’s building standards law. All of these models, which are constructed from steel or stainless steel, cleared heat-blocking and fireproofing tests for the three fire- resistance classes of 90 minutes, 60 minutes, and 30 minutes, and they meet a wide range of needs as they can be designed to be as high as three meters, which is top class in the industry. In addition, the new models help reduce CO2 emissions as they are 8-9% lighter than previous versions by partially replacing magnesium sheets used as structural material with aerated concrete.
    SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 39

Corporate Governance
 HIGHLIGHTS
 Number of Board of Directors Meetings / Attendance Rate
Fiscal 2019 10/97.8%
Exercise Ratio of Voting Rights
at 85th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders
87.97%
Number of Audit & Supervisory Committee Meetings / Attendance Rate
10/100%
Number of Explanatory Sessions for Individual Investors
Fiscal 2019 9
  Basic Approach to Corporate Governance
As a global access systems company that is developing business in 26 countries and regions in North America, Europe and Asia as well as in Japan, Sanwa Holdings Corporation achieves business growth through good faith and fair business activities on the basis of the Company’s “Mission,” “Our Values,” “Principles of Business” and “Compliance Code of Conduct” while aiming to instill “two kinds of reliability” (reliable business performance and reliable management). Continuing to grow and improve corporate value, the Company will also contribute to the sustainable development of society while positioning corporate governance, which forms its foundation, as an important management issue.
Corporate Governance Structure
The details of specific measures to enhance our business execution and supervisory functions are set out below. By adopting this system, we believe that we can establish a system to ensure the appropriateness of operations and enhance corporate governance.
Status of Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
We are responding to the principles prescribed in the Corporate Governance Code of the Tokyo Stock Exchange. However, the following principles are not implemented for the reasons set out below.
(Principle 4-10-1: Establishment of an Independent, Voluntary Advisory Committee)
Each of the Company’s directors is working to actively stimulate deliberations by the Board. Independent outside directors engage in lively discussions, stating their opinions based on their advanced insight, specialized knowledge and global experience. The Board receives appropriate recommendations from our independent outside directors. The Audit & Supervisory Committee (comprising three members, two of whom are independent outside directors) verifies the candidates for director and director compensation and other matters discussed at meetings of the Board of Directors and, at times, expresses its opinion as part of a framework that aims to strengthen the independence, objectivity and accountability of the Board of Directors. To enhance objectivity and transparency going forward, we will conduct multi-faceted investigations into the option of establishing a voluntary advisory committee.
(Principle 4-11: Preconditions for Board and Audit & Supervisory Board Effectiveness)
In its Articles of Incorporation, the Company stipulates that the appropriate number of directors shall be no more than
17, in order to make decisions promptly and resolutely to address changes in the business environment on a global basis, and to ensure the diversity of opinions. In accordance with its standards, directors are appointed based on their ability, insight, and experience, as well as other qualities that are necessary to monitor and oversee corporate management from a global perspective, and to make important business decisions. The incumbent nine directors are composed of a corporate manager, multiple persons with experience in international business, a person with expert knowledge in finance and accounting, and a legal expert, thereby securing the diversity of the Board members.
We will continue examining methods to secure the diversity of the Board members, not only in terms of seeking gender diversity, but also through the election of non-Japanese directors as a global company, and recommend persons who are considered to be well-qualified as candidates for directors.
Specific Measures for Enhancing Business Execution and Supervisory Function
Management Conference
In accordance with the transition to a company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee structure, from the perspective of speeding up management decisions a director (Executive Officer, President for fiscal 2020) was entrusted to make “significant decisions concerning business execution,” excluding matters prescribed by law. Consequently, set up as an advisory body to the delegated director (hereinafter, Executive Officer, President), a Management Conference deliberates and reports on important management issues, and assists the Executive Officer, President in making decisions and strengthening the flexibility of business execution. Discussing (1) matters concerning important business execution decisions delegated by the Board of Directors to the Executive Officer, President, (2) matters deemed necessary by the Executive Officer, President from among the Board of Directors’ meeting agenda items, and (3) other important, management-related matters deemed necessary by the Executive Officer, President, the Management Conference works in conjunction with the Board of Directors in the making of quick and efficient management decisions.
Detailed Supervision/Audits of Business Execution
by Group and Regional PDCA Councils
Group and Regional PDCA Councils consist of directors who are not Audit & Supervisory Committee members, directors serving as full-time Audit & Supervisory Committee members and senior management such as executive officers. At the councils, which convene on a quarterly basis, directors oversee the progress of management plans and provide guidance on management issues, while the directors who are Audit & Supervisory Committee members audit the status of business execution by executive officers.
    40 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
The Sanwa Group’s Corporate Governance Structure
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
  General Meeting of Shareholders
 Directors
Appointment/Dismissal
Propose/Report
Report/Present opinion
Appointment/Dismissal
Report
Accounting audit
                    Report (Advise)/Discuss/Propose
Accounting audit report
  Board of Directors
Select/Audit Authority for important business execution decisions
Audit/Report
Audit & Supervisory Committee
Cooperation
Cooperation
Independent Auditors
   Refer/Report
Audit
Cooperation
 Consult Advise
Management Conference
  Representative Director and President
      Partial transfer of authority and responsibility
Lead and
supervise operations
Report
Report
Report/ Assist
 Group PDCA Council
 Executive Officers
  Regional PDCA Councils (Japan, U.S., Europe, Asia)
  Supervise and guide business units
Report
Audit Dept.
 Group CSR Promotion Council
 Divisions
Internal audit
  Report
Promotion/ Support
Promotion/ Promote and support Support business execution
Report
 Group Companies
Group CSR Promotion Council
Result of Evaluations of Board of Directors’ Effectiveness
The Company has been conducting a questionnaire on the effectiveness of the Board of Directors at the conclusion of Board of Directors’ meetings since the end of fiscal 2017. In fiscal 2019 as well, we obtained responses from all directors, and at the first Board meeting in fiscal 2020 they analyzed and evaluated effectiveness based on the response results. As a result, although there were issues raised, we evaluated that our Board of Directors is functioning effectively. Going forward, we will continue to make improvements to enhance the effectiveness of the Board of Directors.
Board of Directors’ Evaluation Implementation Guidelines
To enable the Group to carry out CSR activities, such as ESG, risk management, and compliance, in an integrated manner, a Group CSR Promotion Council has been established, chaired by the executive officer in charge of the Corporate Planning Unit at Sanwa Holdings.
Convening four times a year, deliberating and reporting on the status of themes that include Group-wide CSR policies and ESG initiatives, Group-wide risk assessment and countermeasures as well as compliance measures, the Group CSR Promotion Council works to improve and avoid damage to corporate value. Furthermore, each Group company has a CSR Promotion Committee in place that plans and promotes activities that are integrated with the workplace and works to promote CSR activities.
Evaluation Process and Guidelines
  (Content that could be evaluated)
Subjects of evaluation: All nine fiscal 2019 directors
Implementation method: Anonymous survey (freedom to express own opinions)
Question content:
25 questions in all, related to the degree of deliberation at Board of Directors’ meetings, the status of ensuring the effectiveness of the Board of Directors, the status of the Board of Directors’ management, and the self-evaluation of Company and outside directors
Evaluation Method:
Compilation of questionnaire results, implementation of comparative aggregation with previous year
The results of the questionnaire were reported at a Board of Directors’ meeting and, based on the response results, the evaluation with regard to the Board’s effectiveness was confirmed.
(Content that could be evaluated)
• Each director is proactive in ensuring lively deliberations
• It was confirmed that the Board of Directors is functioning effectively (Points to be improved)
• Improvement of secretariat system
• Early distribution of materials for Board meetings to ensure effective deliberations (Other opinions expressed)
There were opinions given on further ensuring diversity of the Board of Directors through the election of foreign directors, etc.
 End of Fiscal 2017 after conclusion of Board of Directors’ meeting
•Handing out of questionnaire on Board of Directors’ effectiveness
 End of Fiscal 2018 after conclusion of Board of Directors’ meeting
•Conducted questionnaire based on previous year’s results
(22 questions in all)
 End of Fiscal 2019 after conclusion of Board of Directors’ meeting
•Conducted questionnaire based on previous year’s results
(25 questions in all)
 Fiscal 2018 First Board of Directors’ meeting
•Analysis and evaluation of effectiveness based on the response results
 Fiscal 2019 First Board of Directors’ meeting
• Analysis and evaluation of effectiveness based on comparative aggregation with previous year and response results
 Fiscal 2020 First Board of Directors’ meeting
• Based on the response results, the evaluation with regard to the Board’s effectiveness was confirmed
 Improvements Made
•Early advance distribution of Board meeting materials
 Improvements Made
•Sufficient provision of information other than Board of Directors’ meeting materials
 Points to Be Improved
•Improvement of secretariat system
• Early distribution of materials for Board meetings to ensure effective deliberations
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 41

Reasons for Appointment of Outside Directors
 Name
  Reasons for Selecting the Candidate
  Supplementary Explanation
  Independent Officer
  Audit & Supervisory Committee member
   Masanaka
Yokota
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings –%
  Since his diagnosis of corporate management in a broad range of industries in Japan and overseas as a consultant, and his achievements and knowledge related to management reform will contribute to enhancing the corporate value of the Company and strengthening the functions of the Board of Directors, the Company has determined that he is qualified as an Outside Director.
 The Sanwa Group has no business relationship with the company where Mr. Masanaka Yokota concurrently serves. Moreover, concerning transactions between the Sanwa Group and the corporate group where he concurrently serves, the average transaction amount for the past three fiscal years was less than 1% of the annual consolidated net sales of each of the groups, and the Company has determined that he has no conflict of interest with ordinary shareholders.
        Tsunekatsu
Yonezawa
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 100%
 He has engaged in corporate management for many years as a company executive. Based on his possessing global experience in management and economics in addition to a high level of knowledge, and his achievements in auditing the execution of business at the Company and in providing appropriate advice and suggestions to management with regard to overall management from his independent position, as Outside Corporate Auditor since 2015 and as outside director serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee member since 2016, the Company continues to determine that he is qualified as an outside director serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee member.
Mr. Yonezawa is a former employee of Marubeni-Itochu Steel Inc. (MISI), which has a business relationship with the Group. The Group and the MISI Group have transactions involving the Sanwa Group’s purchase of raw materials and the sale of Sanwa Group products. However, the amount of transactions between the Sanwa Group and the MISI Group accounted for less than 1% of the Sanwa Group’s and the MISI Group’s annual consolidated net sales in each of the past three fiscal years. Therefore, the Company determined that Mr. Yonezawa satisfies the independence criteria for the Company’s outside directors and has no conflict of interest with ordinary shareholders.
    Akira
Gokita
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 90%
   Although Mr. Gokita has not been involved in the management of the Company other than as an outside director in the past, he has many years of experience as a prosecutor and lawyer, and since 2016 he has applied his extensive experience and knowledge as a legal professional to audits of the execution of the Company’s management and has provided appropriate advice and recommendations to management as an outside director serving as an Audit & Supervisory Committee member. He has therefore been determined to be qualified to continue as an outside director serving as an Audit & Supervisory Committee member.
  The Company had a legal consultation agreement with Mr. Gokita until December 2015, but the contract has since been terminated. In the Company’s independence criteria for outside officers, the annual compensation to be paid to experts in such areas as law is limited to less than ¥10 million. For the duration of the agreement, the monthly legal fees paid to Mr. Gokita were ¥100,000 (there was no payment for compensation outside of the advisory agreement). Therefore, the Company determined that Mr. Gokita meets the independence criteria for the Company’s outside directors and has no conflict of interest with ordinary shareholders.
        Compensation of Directors
Policies for Determining Compensation and Amounts of Compensation of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Committee Members
With regard to the compensation of directors (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members), a director delegated by the Board of Directors (Representative Director and Chairman [CEO] Toshitaka Takayama for fiscal 2019) determines the compensation for each director based on the policies below, which are set by the Board of Directors. (Stock options are determined by the Board of Directors.) The Company does not currently have a voluntary compensation committee, but the Audit & Supervisory Committee has the authority to verify and form opinions, from policy decisions with regard to compensation to the amounts decided, thereby ensuring objectivity and transparency. The policy for determining compensation for directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members will be determined based on the following policies, in consultation with directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members.
Policies for Determining Compensation of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Committee Members
Basic Concept of Compensation for Directors
Compensation of directors and Audit & Supervisory Committee members is intended to contribute to continual improvement of the Company’s business performance and corporate value. The Company designs its compensation system so that the level and structure of compensation are in accordance with the roles and responsibilities required of the Company’s directors and Audit & Supervisory Committee members, and enable the recruitment and retention of well-qualified people.
Compensation of Directors
(1) Compensation of directors (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members)
The compensation of directors consists of base compensation, performance-linked variable compensation, and stock options. The compensation of outside directors, however, consists only of base compensation. The total amounts of base compensation and performance-linked variable compensation shall be within the limits of the total compensation determined by the General Meeting of Shareholders. The total amount of stock options shall be within the limit for stock options, also determined by the General Meeting of Shareholders.
(2) Compensation of directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members
Comprises only base compensation, the total amount of which shall be within the limit for the amount of compensation determined by the General Meeting of Shareholders.
(3) Base compensation
The base compensation for each director (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members) is set for each position based on consolidated performance with reference to the compensation levels of other companies presented by a specialized outside organization. The compensation for each director serving as an Audit & Supervisory Committee member is determined by discussion among the Directors who are Audit and Supervisory Committee members, also with reference to the compensation levels of other companies presented by a specialized outside organization.
(4) Performance-linked compensation
For performance-linked compensation, a standard amount is set for each executive position based on the Company’s consolidated business results with reference to the compensation levels of other companies presented by a specialized outside organization. The standard amount of this type of compensation is determined by taking into account standard amount indicators and the levels of contribution of each executive director, evaluated quantitatively and qualitatively. As far as serving as a reward that functions as a sound incentive for sustainable growth that reflects the Company’s business performance is concerned, consolidated operating income has been selected as the primary indicator of performance-linked compensation, the amount of which is calculated on that indicator basis following the Company’s set standards.
(5) Stock options
Stock options are provided to further raise the incentive of directors (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members and non-executive directors) to increase the Company’s corporate value by sharing not only the benefits from stock price increases but also the risk of stock price declines with shareholders. The number of stock options allotted to each director (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members and non-executive directors) is decided by the Board of Directors, taking the director’s duties into consideration.
 42 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
     Classification
Total Compensation (Millions of yen)
Total Compensation by Type (Millions of yen)
Number of Officers Eligible
   Base Compensation
Performance-Linked Compensation
Stock Options
             Directors (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members and outside directors)
385
215
136
33
4
        Directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members (excluding outside directors)
33
33
—
—
1
      Outside directors (excluding Audit & Supervisory Committee members)
 Outside directors (Audit & Supervisory Committee members)
   10 10 — — 1
40 40 — — 2
(Notes)
1. The amount paid to directors does not include the portion of employee’s salary for those directors who concurrently serve as employees.
2. The compensation limit for directors (excluding directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members) is ¥680 million per year (as approved at the 81st Ordinary General Meeting
of Shareholders held on June 28, 2016). For performance-linked compensation, consolidated operating income has been adopted as the key indicator to provide incentives that enable sustainable growth based on the consolidated performance of the Company as a whole. In fiscal 2019, consolidated operating income was ¥34.2 billion (actual result for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, an 8.3% year-on-year increase) compared to the initial forecast of ¥34.0 billion.
3. Separately from (2) above, the compensation limit for director stock options (excluding outside directors and directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members) is within ¥60 million per year (as approved at the 81st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 28, 2016).
4. The compensation limit for directors serving as Audit & Supervisory Committee members is ¥100 million per year (as approved at the 81st Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 28, 2016).
5. Stock options are in the amount recorded in the current fiscal year related to stock acquisition rights granted as stock options.
  Strategic Shareholdings
Strategic shareholdings are shares of business partners that the Company holds to build good business relationships with them and improve its corporate value from a medium- to long-term perspective through the smooth promotion of business. The rationality of strategic shareholdings is compared and verified by the Board of Directors for the holding benefits (dividends received + business transaction benefits) and capital cost against the acquisition price (current weighted average cost of capital [WACC] = 6%) for each share. As occasion demands, the Company considers selling stocks for which there is insufficient rationale while regularly scrutinizing the benefits of all such shareholdings and determining whether they remain appropriate.
Investment stocks held for purposes other than net investment totaled 41 shares, worth ¥9,703 million (as of the end of March 2020).
The Company exercises its voting rights related to strategic shareholdings in accordance with the following standard: (Standard for the exercise of the Company’s voting rights)
The Company shall exercise its voting rights based on a comprehensive judgment regarding whether the proposal will contribute to the sustainable growth of the issuer of shares, and whether it will contribute to the maintenance and enhancement of the corporate value of the Company, among other matters.
Internal Control System
In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, the Company passed a resolution on its “Basic Policy for Building an Internal Control System” at a Board of Directors’ meeting and is appropriately establishing an internal control system based on that basic policy. Passed by resolution at the Board of Directors’ meeting held on March 27, 2019, the basic policy has been partially revised, as a strengthening measure for the prevention of misconduct. Also, every year, we check the execution status of the internal control system and report the results to the Board of Directors and, via business reports, to shareholders. We will continue to strengthen corporate governance by making improvements.
Dialogue with Shareholders and Investors
To increase the transparency of its corporate activities, the Group will endeavor to achieve sustainable growth and increase corporate value by disclosing information in a timely and appropriate manner and reflecting dialogue with shareholders
and investors in management.
Group Governance
The Company strives to strengthen governance of the Group by transferring authority to each Group company as deemed appropriate, and verifying the implementation status of the PDCA cycle for measures designed to heighten the “two kinds of reliability” (reliable business performance and reliable management) through the Regional PDCA Councils presided over by the director in charge of that region.
Each Group company autonomously manages itself as an independent enterprise and fulfills management responsibilities by complying with laws and internal regulations and rules. In addition, the director in charge of each region oversees the business decisions and the status of business execution of each company, providing guidance for improving the transparency of business management. This process ensures and promotes proper operations of the Group.
Functions as Corporate Pension Asset Owner
With regard to the pension management system, we established the Sanwa Shutter Corporate Pension Fund. In addition to a full-time managing director, management is undertaken by directors and representatives selected from each Group company. The management of the reserve fund is based on management guidelines established by the corporate pension fund, and important matters, such as decisions on asset allocation policy and recipients entrusted with assets, are resolved by a board of representatives using external consultants. The fund is managed and controlled in an appropriate manner to prevent conflicts of interest between pension beneficiaries and the Company. We carry out stewardship activities that can be implemented as corporate pension funds, such as the assigning of employees familiar with the practical side of the business to the full-time director, the Board of Trustees requiring that each investment institution entrusted with assets fulfills its stewardship responsibilities, and the receiving of reports on the results.
https://www.sanwa-hldgs.co.jp/english/csr/effort/governance/
      Please see the Company’s website for detailed information regarding corporate governance.
 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 43

Risk Management and Compliance
 HIGHLIGHTS
 Number of reports made using internal whistleblower system
Fiscal 2019: 53
Number of participants in compliance training
Fiscal 2019: 214
Number of participants in Antitrust Law training
Fiscal 2019: 187
  Implementing Risk Management
The Sanwa Group identifies, analyzes, and evaluates business execution-related risks as well as undertakes measures required to avoid and/or mitigate risks. As an organization dedicated to promoting risk management, the Group CSR Promotion Council reports and deliberates on the Sanwa Group’s basic risk management policies, risk management-related plans, and the progress of initiatives. In addition, the subordinate Quality, Environment and CSR Promotion Council and each Group company’s CSR Promotion Council manage risks by appropriately and rapidly responding to risks that occur during the course of each company’s business activities.
Select risks with a high level of importance (Plan)
Plan and implement countermeasures (Do)
Monitor (Check)
Correct and improve (Act)
This cycle is repeated annually to identify and reevaluate risks.
Compliance Training
With the aims of enhancing awareness of the importance of compliance and eliminating violations of laws and rules, we provide training on a nationwide basis once every two years to managers at domestic Group companies. This training features lectures designed to brush up the participants’ knowledge of laws related to our business, such as Antitrust Law, Construction Business Act, Waste Management and Public Cleansing Act, and Labor Standards Act. It also includes lectures concerning safety obligations, harassment, and risks relating
to information security and other areas, thereby fostering compliance awareness.
Enhancement of Information Security
In June 2019, the Sanwa Group established the Information Security Countermeasures Council chaired by the executive officer in charge of the Corporate Planning Unit. The Information Security Countermeasures Council identifies security risks Group-wide (including overseas operations); investigates, formulates and implements various measures to maintain and increase security levels; and aims to formulate security measures based on the latest information received mainly from external organizations. As examples of specific measures, we have provided training on targeted e-mail attacks and implemented measures to raise awareness of security measures among companies in our supply chain and partner companies that dispatch staff to us.
We are also working to instill compliance awareness at overseas Group companies. We invited a lawyer who is familiar with circumstances overseas to give an explanatory lecture on practical methods to deal with bribery, including actual cases involving foreign capital companies. In fiscal 2019, this lecture was attended by 20 persons, including both Japanese stationed overseas and executives.
     Identify risks at each company (Plan)
      Compliance Code of Conduct: Conceptual Diagram
Values to be shared by each Sanwa Group employee
when undertaking business activities
Our Mission and Our Values
Principles of Business
Areas of conduct in line with corporate ethics and social demands based on Sanwa Group values
as essential compliance
Adherence to the Compliance Code of Conduct
   Internal regulations, rules and standards
Laws, regulations and rules
  Set domains that must adhere to laws and regulations
Legal compliance
   44 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Messages from Outside Directors
Becoming Even More Indispensable to Society
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
    Masanaka Yokota Outside Director
Beyond Sanwa Global Vision 2020
Tsunekatsu Yonezawa
Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
Work styles have changed dramatically, including the normalization of remote work, throughout the world. New initiatives for non-contact forms of working and other styles are needed, not only for offices, but also at production sites and out in the field. I am confident that the Company’s commitment to manufacturing as one of the major global players in the access systems industry, where the Company’s strength lies, will be enough to meet these changes in society.
In an era in which the sustainability of society is more important than ever before, I believe that the role of an outside director is to assist in ensuring that a company’s governance is properly maintained. I hope that I will be able to contribute to invigorating discussions at the Board of Directors, while leveraging my experience and remaining conscious of my perspective as an outsider.
It is important to proceed with structural reforms, including a revamp of organizations and systems. The need to establish new work styles in response to the COVID-19 pandemic is one example. The Company already has a lineup of products in the field of disaster prevention, such as products with fireproof and waterproof specifications, and it must improve development to further enhance their effectiveness in order to contribute to society from the perspective of ESG. In addition, given that the domestic market offers little room for expansion, further business development in global markets will be a key factor for growth. To that end, it will be even more important to develop human resources who can adapt to the global environment.
Going forward, I believe that it is becoming increasingly important to establish a management structure that is well- balanced.
         Transparency and Effectiveness in Corporate Governance
   Akira Gokita
Outside Director (Audit & Supervisory Committee Member)
I believe the essence of corporate governance is this: directors should fulfill their duty of diligence and the Board of Directors should supervise business execution in a transparent and effective way in order to perform management oversight from the standpoint of shareholders and other stakeholders and to enhance corporate value over the medium- to long-term.
As a company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee, the Company’s Board of Directors comprises nine directors, including Audit & Supervisory Committee Members, one- third of whom are independent outside directors. We are working to ensure the transparency and effectiveness of corporate governance, including through constructive debate between outside directors and executive directors.
   SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 45

Management Team
Directors
Toshitaka Takayama
Director, Chairman
Yasushi Takayama
Representative Director, President
Hiroatsu Fujisawa
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer Global Business Unit
    August 1963 April 1972 April 1974
April 1974 January 1977 April 1980 May 1981 August 1985
June 2000 October 2007
April 2012 June 2012 April 2019
April 2020
Joined the Company Director
General Manager of Construction Material Div.
Managing Director
Head of Construction Material Dept. Director, Vice President Representative Director, President Representative Director, President, SHOWAFRONT Sales Co. (currently SHOWAFRONT Co., Ltd.)
Executive Officer, President Representative Director, Chairman of the Board, Sanwa Shutter Corporation CEO & COO
Representative Director, Chairman Director, Sanwa Shutter Corporation (present post)
Director, Chairman (present post)
October 2006
Joined the Company
General Manager of TCR Div.
General Manager of Structural Reform Div. Director, Senior Executive Officer, Sanwa Shutter Corporation Responsible for Group Function, Sanwa Shutter Corporation
Senior Executive Officer
Assistant Director of Overseas Business Senior Managing Executive Officer Responsible for Corporate Planning Director
Executive Officer, Vice President Deputy President
Representative Director, President (present post)
COO
Representative Director, Chairman of the Board, Sanwa Shutter Corporation Executive Officer, President (present post)
April April April
April
April April April April June April April April
April April
2008 2009 2010
2010
2011 2011 2012 2012 2012 2016 2016 2017
2017 2019
April 2003 April 2009
November 2012 April 2013 April 2013 June 2014 April 2015 April 2016
April 2017
April 2017
April 2019 February 2020
President and CEO, Marubeni-Itochu Steel America Inc.
Representative Director and President, DRESSER JAPAN, LTD.
Joined the Company
Senior Executive Officer
Responsible for Strategic Re-Engineering Unit Director (present post)
Responsible for Europe Business Unit Responsible for Europe and Americas Business Unit
Senior Managing Executive Officer (present post)
Responsible for Global Business Unit (present post)
Head of Europe Business
Head of Asia Business (present post)
 April
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 100%
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 100%
 Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 100% Number of Company Shares Held 1,860,800 Shares
Hiroyuki Yamazaki
Director, Senior Executive Officer Corporate Planning Unit
2020
Number of Company Shares Held
Number of Company Shares Held
26,100 Shares
 112,787 Shares
    April 1983 April 2016
September 2017 April 2018
Joined Sumitomo Corporation Representative Director, Executive Vice President, SCSK Corporation
Joined the Company
Senior Executive Officer (present post) Subleader of Corporate Planning Unit (Concurrent)
General Manager of Corporate Planning Dept.
Responsible for Corporate Planning Unit (present post)
Director (present post)
October 2006 April 2009
April 2010
April 2011 April 2011
April 2012
April 2013
April 2014
April 2016 April 2016
April 2017
April 2017
June 2017
Joined the Company
General Manager of Sales Promotion Dept., Building Business Div., Sanwa Shutter Corporation Executive Officer, General Manager of Corporate Sales Dept., Building Materials Div., Sanwa Shutter Corporation
Director, Sanwa Shutter Corporation Senior Executive Officer, Head of Building Materials Div., Sanwa Shutter Corporation Senior Managing Executive Officer, Head of Building Materials Div., Sanwa Shutter Corporation Senior Managing Executive Officer, Head of Sales Development Div., Sanwa Shutter Corporation Senior Managing Executive Officer, Head of Business Strategy Div., Sanwa Shutter Corporation Representative Director, Sanwa Shutter Corporation Executive Officer, Vice President and Deputy President, Sanwa Shutter Corporation Representative Director, President, Sanwa Shutter Corporation (present post)
Chief Executive Officer, Sanwa Shutter Corporation (present post)
Director (present post)
June 2003 January 2009 June 2013
April 2015 June 2020
Director, JMA Consultants Inc. President, JMAC China
Managing Director, JMA Consultants Inc.
President, JMAC Europe S.p.A Executive Adviser, JMA Consultants Inc. (present post)
Meiji Takayama
Director (Part-time)
Masanaka Yokota
Outside Director
June 2020
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings — %
Outside Director, the Company (present post)
 April 2020
June 2020
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings
Number of Company Shares Held
Number of Company Shares Held
3,000 Shares
 46 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
— % 2,300 Shares
 Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 100% Number of Company Shares Held 88,338 Shares

       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
     Teiko Zaima
Director
Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Tsunekatsu Yonezawa
Outside Director
Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Akira Gokita
Outside Director
Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
March1975 April 2004 October 2007
Joined the Company
General Manager of Accounting Div.
General Manager of Accounting Div., Sanwa Shutter Corporation
Executive Officer, Sanwa Shutter Corporation
Senior Executive Officer, Sanwa Shutter Corporation
Standing Advisor of the Company Corporate Auditor
Director serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee Member (present post)
April 1971 April 1996
April 1999
June 2001 October 2001
April 2004 April 2005 April 2009 April 2012 April 2013 June 2015 June 2016
Joined ITOCHU Corporation
General Manager of Thin Plate Department I, ITOCHU Corporation General Manager of Oceania (Stationed in Sydney), ITOCHU Corporation (concurrent)
President, ITOUCHU Australia Ltd. Executive Officer, ITOCHU Corporation Member of the Board, General Manager of Iron & Steel Division-I, Marubeni-Itochu Steel Inc.
Vice President, Member of the Board, Marubeni-Itochu Steel Inc.
President and CEO, Member of the Board, Marubeni-Itochu Steel Inc. Chairman, Member of the Board, Marubeni-Itochu Steel Inc.
Advisory Board Member, Marubeni- Itochu Steel Inc.
Director (Assistant to President), ITOCHU Corporation
Outside Corporate Auditor, the Company
Outside Director serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee Member (present post)
April 1978
March1979 March1982
March1985 March1987
March1988 April 1988 May 1994
June 2010 June 2016
Assumed the office of Public Prosecutor, Tokyo District Public Prosecutors Office (Criminal Affairs Division and Trial Division)
Mito District Public Prosecutors Office Tokyo District Public Prosecutors Office
(Criminal Affairs Division and Special Investigation Division)
Osaka District Public Prosecutors Office (Special Investigation Division)
Tokyo District Public Prosecutors Office (Special Investigation Division)
Retired from Public Prosecutor Registered as an attorney at law Representative, Gokita and Mitsuura Law Office (present post)
Outside Director, Ichiyoshi Securities Co., Ltd. (present post)
Outside Director serving as Audit and Supervisory Committee Member, the Company (present post)
April April
April June June
2010 2012
2015 2015 2016
 Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 100% Attendance at Audit & Supervisory Committee meetings 100%
Number of Company Shares Held
23,400 Shares
 Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 90% Attendance at Audit & Supervisory Committee meetings 100%
Number of Company Shares Held
— Shares
 Senior Executive Officers and Executive Officers
Attendance at Board of Directors meetings 100% Attendance at Audit & Supervisory Committee meetings 100% Number of Company Shares Held — Shares
 Senior Executive Officer Senior Executive Officer Executive Officer
Toshiaki Doba Kenichiro Motomachi Takenobu Hoizumi
Head of Europe and Americas Business, Global Business unit Subleader, Corporate Planning Unit
Subleader, Global Business Unit
   SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 47

ESG Materiality Initiatives
48 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
   Future
Contributing to a Sustainable Future and the Development of Society
  Trends in CO2 Emissions (Domestic Group Companies)
(t-CO2) 30,501
28,325 28,154
 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
Note: Calculated based on amount of electricity, gas, gasoline, diesel fuel, and kerosene used at business offices and factories
Note: Not including Scope 3
 (t-CO2)
Scope 1
12,423 14,760 12,181
Scope 2
12,629 14,335 10,466
Scope 3 Category 9*
12,385 12,830 10,714
Trends by Scope (Sanwa Shutter)
 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
* Calculated based on amount of fuel used by trucks when transporting goods from factories to sales offices
(part of Category 9: Transportation/Logistics (Downstream))
 Trends in Waste Emissions (Sanwa Shutter)
(Tons)
Offices* Factories
2,000 2,121 2,061 4,441 4,426 4,576
 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 * For offices, includes only industrial waste
Responding to Climate Change
The Sanwa Group regards climate change as an important management issue, and is carrying out various initiatives to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, as well as providing eco-friendly products that help to reduce energy use. Through these initiatives, we are contributing to the establishment of a sustainable and prosperous society.
Sanwa Shutter has established and operates an environmental management system based on ISO 14001, and has set goals under three themes: “Reduce: Reduce logistics energy, facility energy, and waste emissions,” “Create: Bring to the market eco-products and eco-friendly design products,” and “Purchase: Promote green procurement.” We are implementing measures for these themes. As a means of reflecting on our progress and results with achieving each goal, and discussing improvement measures, the Quality, Environment and CSR Promotion Council is held twice a year, and lively discussions are carried out.
Initiatives at Overseas Subsidiaries
ODC has reduced its electricity usage by introducing a highly- energy-efficient air-conditioning system, installing ceiling windows, and switching to LED lighting. At each site, efforts are being made to promote recycling of packaging materials and scrap metal. In addition, the Sales Center in San Francisco is producing wood chips from sawdust, and using them for flower beds, etc.
The NF Group has acquired ISO 14001 certification for six plants, which are two plants in Germany, two plants in Netherlands, and Robust AB’s plants in Poland and Sweden. These plants are working to reduce their energy usage. By switching to LED lighting and installing motion sensors and light and darkness sensors, they are helping to reduce the amount of electricity used and electricity charges.
In Asia, Shanghai Baosteel-Sanwa Door, Novoferm (Shanghai), and Vina-Sanwa have also obtained ISO 14001, and are endeavoring to reduce the environmental impact of all their production processes. For example, they have deployed devices for periodically measuring noise levels and gas emissions and treating waste gas. They are also recycling packaging materials and improving packaging methods. In addition, An-Ho Metal Industrial has introduced a twice-yearly “Public Transport Day,” on which employees travel to and from work by train or bus, as part of initiatives to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
    Themes
Fiscal 2019 Environmental Targets
Reduce logistics energy consumption units*1 by 1% compared with fiscal 2018
Reduce facility energy consumption units*2 by 1% compared with fiscal 2018
Reduce industrial waste units*3 by 2% compared with fiscal 2017
Reduce waste units*4 by 1% compared with fiscal 2018
Commercialize eco-products
Study and research eco-products
Commercialize eco-friendly design products
Promote green procurement and improve logistics
FY2019 Actual
 Reduce
 Create
 Purchase
   Factories
Offices
Factories
Offices
Factories
0.0495 (Target 0.0518)
0.0232 (Target 0.0239)
0.1131 (Target 0.1158)
21.75 (Target 23.23)
34.85 (Target 35.50)
       Two themes
(Two or more target themes)
Two themes
(Three or more target themes)
Ten themes
(Ten or more target themes)
Switch to 4Ms*5 in 4 projects (target: 4 projects)
    *1 Basic Unit:Amount of energy used (crude oil kl equivalent) / value of goods shipped (¥ million)
*2 Basic Unit (Offices): Amount of energy used (crude oil kl equivalent) / total floor area (m2)
Basic Unit (Factories):Amount of energy used (crude oil kl equivalent) / value of goods shipped (¥ million)
*3 Basic Unit:Amount of industrial waste (kg) / net sales (¥ million)
*4 Basic Unit:Amount of waste (kg) / value of goods shipped (¥ million)
*5 Man, Machine, Method, Material
An employee commuting on a motorbike
Public Transport Day
 
       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
   (Persons) 1,994
1,578 1,566
Trends in No. of Participants in Volunteer Activities (Domestic Group)
 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 Note: Includes community cleanup activities
 Recipients of Donations from Sanwa Group Social Contribution Club* in Fiscal 2019
· Childline Support Center Japan
· Family House®
· Make-A-Wish of Japan
· ATOPICCO Network for Children of the Earth
· JEAN
· JOICFP
· Nanbyonet (National Support Network for Children with Intractable Diseases)
· Kids’ Door · Paralym Art
* A volunteer organization for officers and employees that was established in 2006. The Company matches donations from members with its own donation of the same amount (matching gift program), and the donations are made to various organizations each year.
Regional Contribution and Social Contribution
Sanwa Shutter, which was established in the city of Amagasaki in Hyogo Prefecture, has been in business for 64 years, and currently operates in 26 countries and regions around the world. We conduct business activities that are firmly rooted in the local communities as a way of supporting people’s lives. We contribute to the development of local communities by manufacturing products that match the climate and culture of the regions, such as wooden partitions and toilet booths that are made of locally- produced materials. Shanghai Baosteel-Sanwa Door has concluded a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with the local residents’ association as part of its efforts to integrate with the community, and engages in regular exchange activities to create a better local community.
Social Contribution to Fight against COVID-19
At Okinawa Sanwa Shutter, employees voluntarily assembled 1,100 medical face shields and donated them to 26 medical institutions, elderly care facilities, etc. in Okinawa Prefecture.
At ODC, two employees from the installation department joined a local charity group and delivered meals to firefighters, police officers, hospital staff, etc. every morning before starting work for about one month.
The NF Group made donations to local communities, donated protective gowns and surgical masks, dispatched volunteers to elderly care facilities to wash clothes, and donated 5,000 meals to medical personnel, among others.
Shanghai Baosteel-Sanwa Door has also donated face masks worth 3,000 yuan to local communities.
   In addition, we make donations as an
outstanding corporate citizen, while returning technology and know- how we have acquired to society in order to help resolve social issues.
TOPIC
Initiatives Concerning Water Use
Trends of Amount of Groundwater Extracted at Sanwa Shutter Ota Door Plant
(m3)
  Conclusion of MOU by Shanghai Baosteel-Sanwa Door
Assembling medical face shields at Okinawa Sanwa Shutter
NF Group donated 5,000 meals to medical personnel
    10,000 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
0
Apr. June
FY2018
Piping Work Performed
in Summer 2019
As the climate changes, forests are destroyed, and the population of developing and emerging countries increases, water risks are increasing worldwide.
Although production activities performed by the Company, namely cutting and forming metal materials and assembling them into products, involves less use of water than total output, a certain amount of water needs to be used for some of our processes.
At Sanwa Shutter Corporation’s factories, we are endeavoring to reduce water use and releases of wastewater by making effective use of water circulation systems for coating equipment and chilling equipment that circulates cold water from tanks.
Previously, at the Ota Door Plant, groundwater was used to supplement the shortfall in the cooling capacity of the cooling tower. However, as a result of combining pipes to supply cool water from chilling equipment in the plant, the amount of groundwater used has been substantially reduced.
(Amount of groundwater extracted in the second half of fiscal 2018: 24,804m3 Second half of fiscal 2019: 103m3)
        Aug. Oct. Dec. Feb. FY2019
Cooling tower
 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 49

50 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
  People
Ensuring That Everyone Involved with the Group Can Work with Peace of Mind, Thus Being the Driving Force for Value Creation
 Trends in Total No. of Participants in Training Hosted by the Human Resource Development Center (Sanwa Shutter)
(Persons)
1,113
1,869
 1,448
 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
 Trends in Total No. of Participants in Training Hosted by the Installation Training Center (Sanwa Shutter)
(Persons)
2,658
 1,121
1,439
 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
 Trends in Total No. of Participants in Training Hosted by the Maintenance Training Center (Sanwa Shutter)
(Persons)
1,174 1,209
736
 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
Respect for Human Rights
The Sanwa Group recognizes the diverse set of values held by individuals and respects the character and individuality of each person from the perspective of respect for human rights and conducts business activities giving due consideration to the human rights of all stakeholders, including customers, shareholders and employees.
We provide compliance training, including the prevention of harassment, for managers at domestic Group companies every other year. In fiscal 2019, we provided a training program focused on harassment for 854 people from top management, executives, and managers of domestic Group companies. Through continued awareness activities, the Group is working to eliminate harassment and enhance human rights awareness.
ODC also pursues social contribution activities aimed at improving rights of children. For example, it makes donations to the Boys & Girls Clubs of America, which provides after-school programs that enable boys and girls in the U.S. to develop strong characters and demonstrate their capabilities to the full.
Human Resource Development
The Sanwa Group views human resources as its most important management resource and focuses on the development of human resources capable of creating value by enhancing systems and a work environment that enable employees to maximize their capabilities.
Sanwa Shutter has introduced a new training system called the “Sanwa Professional Human Resources Training Plan” since fiscal 2019. Through job rotations over the course of two years, this system provides new college graduates with the opportunity to learn about sales, installation, factory work, and design. The goal of this system is to train human resources that can make decisions through a comprehensive, optimized field of view. In addition, although installers, who are our important business partners, are getting older as the working age population shrinks, we are taking advantage of highly experienced senior workers to accompany younger workers when they perform installations and repairs and to train successors. In this way, we are endeavoring to ensure stable installation capabilities and pass on their skills to the next generation.
Installers who support access systems
    Harassment prevention training for
top management
 Donation of art and craft supplies to Boys & Girls Clubs of America
 
       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
 Work-Life Balance and Diversity
Along with appropriately managing working hours and reforming long working hours, the Sanwa Group has also introduced a telecommuting scheme to promote a balance between finding fulfillment in work and a rich, fulfilling life among all its employees. Due to the impact of the current COVID-19 epidemic, as many as around 2,200 domestic employees have experienced teleworking. Going forward, we will be making active use of mobile PCs and videoconferencing systems to create diverse working environment, which will help us in improving productivity and securing outstanding employees.
In addition, the Group believes that it can create new value that contributes to the resolution of customer and social issues by nurturing an organizational culture that respects and embraces the diversity of each employee. The Sanwa Group promotes the active role of women, cultivates global competence, mobilizes senior workers, and employs those with disabilities. These measures develop human resources that can drive growth and maximize the capabilities of the organization.
In November 2019, NF Germany was certified as a “Top Career Chance” company for its efforts in helping employees develop their careers in a survey by Focus Money magazine.
Top Career Chance seal of certification
Health and Safety
As a company engaged in manufacturing, the Sanwa Group recognizes that ensuring the health and safety of employees, affiliated companies’ employees, and installers is fundamental to our sustainability and our responsibility as a Company.
In line with the annual health and safety action plan, we work to provide safety education, ensure adherence to rules, share information about actual cases, improve environment to reduce workloads, etc., as a means of eliminating occupational accidents. Sanwa Shutter also provides safety training using virtual reality (VR) technology, which allows employees to experience accidents that can occur at construction sites, such as a fall or a cut, from the point of view of a victim, thereby focusing on reducing the occurrence of accidents.
Asian subsidiaries, Shanghai Baosteel-Sanwa Door and Novoferm (Shanghai), have obtained OHSAS 18001, which is a standard for occupational health and safety management systems, and are endeavoring to create comfortable working environment and raise levels of health and safety.
In addition, as part of our “health management” initiatives, we have designated May as “Sanwa Group Health & Safety Month” since fiscal 2019. We have carried out various initiatives to create opportunities for each and every employee to confront their own health and lifestyle habits.
Corporate Data
  Trends in No. of Employees Taking Childcare Leave
(Sanwa Shutter)
(Persons)
17 17
31
8
 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 Of which, No. of male employees
 Trends in No. of New Graduates Recruited Globally (Sanwa Shutter)
(Persons)
33
  2
 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019
 Total No. of Participants in Training about Health and Safety Standards (Sanwa Shutter Factories)
Fiscal 2019:
470
persons Note: Including affiliated companies
    Safety training with VR technology
 Safe production meeting at Novoferm (Shanghai)
 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 51

52 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
  Manufacturing
Providing Products and Services that Support the Infrastructure of Communities and Daily Life
 The Sanwa Group’s Quality Objectives
1. Improve product safety
2. Improve the quality of products and installation quality
3. Improve the quality of services and business etiquette
4. Increase traceability
 Sanwa Shutter’s Quality Objectives
Strengthen our corporate structure by ensuring product quality with a focus on customers and work sites
1. Reduce complaints and financial losses by analyzing complaints
2. Reduce product accidents by reinforcing structures
3. Reduce complaints received by customer centers through the provision of education and training
4. Improve structures for traceability
Strengthening Quality Control
The Sanwa Group works to improve quality and safety, the primary responsibilities of a manufacturer, in all processes from development to sales, production, installation and maintenance. Each company implements measures aimed at achieving the quality targets it has set and endeavors to improve quality throughout the entire supply chain by conducting quality audits of suppliers and proposing improvements. At Novoferm (Shanghai), dedicated quality inspectors verify dimensions and appearance, and only products carrying a pass sticker with the name of the inspector can be shipped out.
In addition, to ensure that its access systems can be used with peace of mind, the Sanwa Group regards ensuring stability in installation quality as an important task. Sanwa Shutter Corporation is working to enhance the skills of installers by providing them with training in welding and training to become licensed as product installers. Norsud, which is part of the NF Group and whose strength is its industrial door installation and service business in France, organized an “Installer Day” in May 2019, shared their vision and exchanged opinions with 56 participants.
Passstickercarryingthequality InstallerDayatNorsud inspector’s name at NF
Improvement of Customer Satisfaction
The Sanwa Group always conducts business activities from the viewpoint of customers and makes use of the feedback it has received from customers to improve its products and services. Through this approach, we are striving to become a corporate group that is continuously chosen by society. Sanwa Shutter Corporation implements various initiatives to enhance customer satisfaction, including operating a 24-hour-a-day, 365-day-a-year repair request receiving system called FTS (Full Time Service) throughout Japan as part of its efforts to create an environment in which customers can use its access systems with peace of mind. In addition, education for call center personnel is carried out by using on-site showrooms, videoconferencing systems, etc. Sales and administrative staff receive training in business manners, while installers learn manners and rules through actual role-playing as part of training programs designed to improve their manners. Through the training, we are promoting initiatives to enhance customer satisfaction.
The NF Group regards a rate of claim expenses against net sales as a common KPI, assess it by country, and the results are shared with all the companies. Factory production officers and quality control officers work closely with departments that handle claims to reduce the number of claims and claim expenses, thereby aiming to maximize customer satisfaction.
Training for improving manners
      
       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
   ODC’s Quality Objectives
1. Offer the highest complete “Delivered Quality Rate” in the industry
2. Instill a “Safety culture”
3. Improve customer service and support
 NF Group’s Quality Objectives
1. Improving on time delivery 2. Improving quality ratio
3. Improving Productivity
4. Improving safety ratio
5. Improving inventory ratio
 Asia Quality Objectives
1. Reduce number of defects 2. Reduce financial losses
Manufacturing that Reflects Climate Change
Climate change is a global problem that needs to be tackled with urgency. The Sanwa Group believes it essential to address climate change using the two approaches of “mitigation” to reduce emissions of CO2 and other greenhouse gases, and “adaptation” to respond to the various phenomena that arise as a consequence of climate change.
The Sanwa Group, a corporate group engaging in manufacturing, is active in bringing to the market “eco-products” and “eco- friendly design products” as a means of achieving mitigation. Eco-products have eco-friendly features that come into play during the use phase of the product lifecycle, including high-speed sheet shutters that help reduce energy use by enhancing the airtightness of openings at factories and warehouses and improving air conditioning efficiency. Eco-friendly design products have eco- friendly features that come into play during the procurement, manufacturing, distribution (logistics), sale, and disposal phases from the perspective of lifecycle assessment (LCA).
Regarding adaptation, we will contribute to the creation of a safe, secure, and convenient future through the provision of
TOPIC
Offering Products and Services that Contribute to Safety, Security, and Convenience
waterproof products, such as waterproof shutters and doors, which protect urban functions and people’s lives from rising sea levels and torrential rain due to unusual weather, as well as window shutters, which protect windows from flying objects due to increasingly intense typhoons.
By strategically offering products as a means of addressing climate change from the perspectives of both mitigation and adaptation, we will create opportunities, such as responding to risks, expanding demand, and creating new markets, as market needs change.
   ODC’s high-speed sheet shutter
Waterproof door
      Tredoor Rusu Raku, condominium door equipped with a parcel drop-off locker
Self-assembly partition, Famipla
Garage door that can be opened and closed from a smartphone
By providing customers throughout the world with products and services that deliver safety, security, and convenience, the Sanwa Group aims to help people protect their precious lives and create a society in which they can live in affluence and comfort.
We are offering products that are designed to match social needs and diverse lifestyles. For example, our Tredoor Rusu Raku condominium doors feature a drop-off locker to resolve the problem of being away from home when a delivery service drops off a parcel and meet the needs for non-face-to-face interaction, and we also offer window shutters and garage doors that can be opened and closed automatically via smartphone or AI speaker.
In addition, as a means of addressing the issue of crowded hospital waiting rooms and preventing droplet contagion at meeting areas, we have launched a re-designed self-assembly partition called Famipla, which features transparent acrylic panels. We are contributing to facilitate the transition to new work styles with our manufacturing capabilities.
 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 53

 12-Year Summary (As of March 31, 2020)
    Operating Results (Millions of yen)
Net sales
Overseas sales ratio (%)
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Operating income
Ordinary income
Profit attributable to owners of the parent company
Research and development expenses
Capital expenditures
Depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of goodwill)
Cash Flows (Millions of yen)
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Cash and cash equivalents (end of year)
Free cash flows
Financial Position (at Balance Sheet Date) (Millions of yen)
Total assets
Interest–bearing debt
Net assets
Working capital
Cash Conversion Cycle (CCC) (Days)
Financial Indicators
Net income (loss) per share (Yen)
Net assets per share (Yen)
Cash dividends per share (Yen)
Operating income ratio (%)
R&D expenditures to net sales ratio (%)
Return on assets (%)
Return on equity (%)
ROIC (%)
SVA (Billions of yen)
Debt/equity ratio (Times)
Shareholders’ equity ratio (%)
Liquidity ratio (Times)
Payout ratio (%)
FY2009 FY2010
232,029 237,295
38.1 56.0
173,108 179,399
58,921 57,895
5,624 4,562
4,829 4,033
(725) (2,443)
2,750 2,436
3,894 3,495
4,651 5,063
17,870 3,717
(22,287) (3,791)
17,914 (14,252)
34,912 20,306
(4,417) (74)
246,599 218,933
74,628 59,892
96,109 86,021
56,151 52,188
91.6 83.3
(3.0) (10.2)
399.56 357.59
5 8
2.4 1.9
1.2 1.0
(0.30) (1.05)
(0.8) (2.7)
2.9 2.6
(3.5) (3.5)
0.78 0.70
38.9 39.3
1.2 1.7
— —
FY2011
248,214
41.0
186,683
61,530
8,855
8,190
3,297
2,456
2,897
5,348
5,453
(9,253)
312
16,825
(3,800)
226,579
61,607
85,522
59,833
82.4
13.7
355.37
8
3.6
1.0
1.48
3.8
4.9
(1.2)
0.72
37.7
1.6
58.3
FY2012
265,913
39.3
196,631
69,281
14,174
13,988
7,181
2,440
4,293
5,428
14,855
(5,313)
(4,340)
22,275
9,542
241,771
60,799
97,134
69,593
84.7
29.9
404.57
10
5.3
0.9
3.07
7.9
7.7
1.9
0.63
40.1
1.7
33.4
                                         Notes: Working capital: accounts receivable + inventory – accounts payable
R&D expenditures to net sales ratio: R&D expenditures ÷ net sales×100 (%)
ROIC: Return on invested capital. Net operating profit after tax (NOPAT) ÷ invested capital* × 100
*1 Invested capital attributed to Sanwa Group ROIC is calculated by subtracting cash & deposits and securities. *2 The effective tax rate changed from 40% to 33% starting in fiscal 2018.
54 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
  Sanwa Vision 2010 (FY2001–FY2012)
Global development and growth in the 21st century, implementation of the PDCA cycle and enhancement of CSR activities
  
       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
  FY2013 FY2014 FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
  FY2019 FY2020 (Forecast)
   311,957 339,045 365,615 353,922 385,673 409,990
 440,161 390,000
 41.7 43.8 44.7 44.4 46.1 46.4
  45.4 43.5
 225,954 242,273 260,078 250,068 273,155 291,301
310,925 —
 86,003 96,771 105,537 103,854 112,517 118,689
  129,235 —
 20,649 26,334 26,870 26,440 28,322 31,593
34,217 22,000
 20,316 25,975 26,161 25,278 27,898 30,437
  33,469 21,000
 10,161 12,857 14,627 17,070 18,280 20,910
21,647 12,500
 3,149 3,505 3,868 3,999 4,422 4,611
  4,728 —
 7,116 7,727 8,127 8,096 11,383 12,367
 8,419 —
 6,180 7,188 8,022 7,290 7,622 8,049
 9,301 —
  19,728 22,304 24,378 23,670 26,532 24,271
  32,301 —
 5,932 (27,080) (15,641) (8,006) (13,172) (13,677)
(16,622) —
 3,876 10,625 (25,702) (838) (20,505) (11,349)
 (10,466) —
 52,307 58,605 41,516 56,290 49,263 47,977
  54,618 —
 25,660 (4,776) 8,737 15,664 13,360 10,593
 15,679 —
  281,917 323,327 310,269 323,393 331,686 338,432
  354,023 360,000
 69,153 88,484 70,798 74,739 65,945 61,217
63,730 60,760
 113,956 126,748 130,334 139,905 151,121 161,603
 165,633 170,735
 71,051 80,820 84,012 82,982 90,794 96,162
  105,235 —
 78.8 81.7 82.3 86.1 82.2 83.2
 83.5 —
  42.4 54.1 63.1 74.6 81.0 93.0
  97.1 56.6
 474.63 541.49 565.64 607.16 667.09 713.50
742.90 —
 13 16 23 25 30 32
 34 34
 6.6 7.8 7.3 7.5 7.3 7.7
  7.8 5.6
 1.0 1.0 1.1 1.1 1.1 1.1
1.1 —
 3.88 4.25 4.62 5.39 5.58 6.20
  6.11 —
 9.6 10.7 11.4 12.7 12.7 13.5
13.3 7.5
 10.6 12.6 12.2 12.2 12.8 15.0
 15.4 —
 5.4 7.8 8.2 8.1 9.0 12.7
  14.0 5.4
 0.61 0.70 0.54 0.53 0.44 0.38
0.38 0.36
 40.4 39.1 41.7 43.0 45.2 47.4
 46.3 46.9
 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.8 1.7 1.7
  1.9 —
 30.7 29.6 36.5 33.5 37.1 34.4
 35.0 60.1
     Sanwa Global Vision 2020 (FY2013– FY2020)
To offer products and services that provide safety, security and convenience as a major global player in the access systems industry
   SVA: Our unique indicator of added value. NOPAT – invested capital × WACC (6%)
CCC: Accounts receivable turnover days + inventory turnover days - accounts payable turnover days
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 55

Consolidated Balance Sheets
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Sanwa Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries As of March 31, 2020 and 2019
Sanwa Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries As of March 31, 2020 and 2019
ASSETS Current assets:
Millions of yen
2020
2019
¥ 43,007 8,013 82,563 9,526 56,475 6,607 (1,405) 204,789
18,505 54,740 77,329
- 4,122 154,697
(94,515) 60,182
6,769 17,231 24,001
36,949 578 6,088 3,011 3,096
(265) 49,459
133,642 ¥ 338,432
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
           Cash and deposits (Note 3)             ¥ 47,127 Short-term investments (Notes 3, 4, 10)             9,600 Notes and accounts receivable, trade (Note 10)             88,441 Electronically recorded monetary claims (Note 10)             9,283 Inventories (Note 5)             61,917 Other current assets             7,828 Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total current assets
Non-current assets:
Property, plant and equipment:
2020
$ 436,361 88,889 818,898 85,954 573,306 72,481 (15,426) 2,060,481
199,759 567,361 756,611
38,546
29,528 1,591,824
(952,093) 639,731
48,741 166,926 215,667
232,954 4,981 52,046 45,519 30,731
(4,148) 362,102
1,217,509 3,277,991
                                                                  (1,666) 222,532
                  Land 21,574
                                Buildings and structures Machinery and equipment Right-of-use assets Construction in progress
Less accumulated depreciation
Total property, plant and equipment
61,275 81,714 4,163 3,189 171,917
(102,826) 69,091
                                                            Intangible assets:
Goodwill 5,264
                Other intangible assets (Note 6) Total intangible assets
Investments and other assets:
Investments in securities (Notes 4, 10) Long-term loans receivable
Net defined benefit asset (Note 8) Deferred income taxes (Note 15) Other assets
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total investments and other assets
Total non-current assets Total assets
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
18,028 23,292
25,159 538 5,621 4,916 3,319
(448) 39,107
131,491 ¥ 354,023
$
                                                                                                        56 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

        A History of Strategy Value Creation
LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS Current liabilities:
Special Feature
Reliable Business Reliable Performance Management
Millions of yen
54,407 52,401 5,851 4,479 24,381 22,551 16,763 19,045 114,071 118,868
54,579 40,826 13,688 11,901
4,241 3,467
1,808 1,763 74,318 57,959 188,389 176,828
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2020
$ 117,278 503,769 54,176 225,750 155,213 1,056,213
505,361 126,741 39,269 16,741 668,130 1,744,343
Corporate Data
 2019
¥ 12,666 ¥ 20,390
2020
         Short-term debt (Notes 7, 10)
Notes and accounts payable, trade (Note 10) Accrued income taxes
Accrued expenses
Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities:
Long-term debt (Notes 7, 10)
Net defined benefit liability (Note 8) Deferred income taxes (Note 15) Other long-term liabilities
Total long-term liabilities
Total liabilities
NET ASSETS (Note 12) Shareholders’ equity
                                                                                                                                                    Common stock:
Authorized - 550,000,000 shares at March 31,   
       2020 and 2019
Issued - 231,000,000 shares at March 31, 2020
38,413 38,413 39,902 39,902
91,725 81,741 (10,036) (8,989)
160,005 151,068 94 2,219
41 (25) 6,531 8,853
(2,607) (1,593) 4,059 9,454 281 248 1,286 832 165,633 161,603
¥ 354,023 ¥ 338,432 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
355,676
369,463 849,306
(92,926) 1,481,528
870
380 60,472
(24,139) 37,583 2,602 11,907 1,533,639
3,277,991
and 235,000,000 shares at March 31, 2019 Capital surplus
Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost
(10,154,344 shares at March 31, 2020 and 10,020,866 shares at March 31, 2019)
Total shareholders’ equity
Accumulated other comprehensive income:
Net unrealized holding gains on securities Deferred gains (losses) on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments Remeasurements of defined benefit plans 
Total accumulated other comprehensive income Stock acquisition rights (Note 13)
Non-controlling interests
Total net assets
Total liabilities and net assets
$
                                                                                                                                INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 57

Consolidated Statements of Operations
Consolidated Statements of Operations
Sanwa Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries
Sanwa Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries
For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
  Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2020
$ 4,075,565
2,878,935 1,196,620
879,787 316,824
7,194 (6,954) (1,370)
(16,565) (17,694)
299,130
98,370 (65)
98,296 200,824 380 200,435
     Net sales
Cost of sales (Note 14)
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses (Notes 13, 14)
Operating income
Other income (expenses):
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Equity in losses of non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates Other, net (Note 16)
Other income (expenses), net Net profit before income taxes
Income taxes (Note 15) Current
Deferred
Total income taxes Net profit
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests Profit attributable to owners of the parent company
Per share: (Note 21) Net profit - Basic
- Diluted Cash dividends
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
2020
¥ 440,161
310,925 129,235
95,017 34,217
777 (751) (148)
(1,789) (1,911)
32,306
10,624 (7)
2019
¥ 409,990
291,301 118,689
87,095 31,593
756 (637) (599)
(1,065) (1,546)
30,046
8,200 812 9,012 21,034 123 20,910
                                                                                                                 ¥
10,616 21,689 41 21,647
¥
$
        2020
¥ 97.14 96.89 34.00
Yen
2019
¥ 92.95 92.73 32.00
U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2020
$0.90 0.90 0.32
                                           Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Sanwa Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2020
$ 200,824
(19,657) 611
(22,713) (9,380)
1,204 (49,944)
$ 150,870
$ 150,898 (19)
 Millions of yen 2020 2019
    Net profit                 ¥ 21,689           ¥ 21,034
  Other comprehensive income (Note 17)
Net unrealized holding gains on securities
Deferred losses on hedges
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Share of other comprehensive income of non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates accounted for using the equity method
Total other comprehensive income (Note 17)
Comprehensive income                 ¥ 16,294           ¥ 17,137
      (2,123) (1,361) 66               109
(2,453)           (2,563) (1,013)                     62
¥ 16,297 ¥ 17,064 (2) 73
                                          130 (143) (5,394) (3,896)
           Comprehensive income attributable to:
Owners of the parent company
Non-controlling interests
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
    58 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

 A History of Strategy Special Feature Reliable Business Reliable Value Creation Performance Management
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
SCanwoanHsolodilnigdsaCotrepdoraStiotnaatnedmSubesniditasriesofChangesinNetAssets Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets
Sanwa Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries
For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
Sanwa Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries
For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
Millions of yen
Balance at March 31, 2018
¥ 38,413 ¥
39,902 ¥
67,403 ¥
(8,988) ¥ 3,583
¥
(134) ¥
11,558 ¥
(1,656) ¥
213 ¥
825 ¥
151,121
Balance at March 31, 2018
¥ 38,413 ¥
39,902 ¥
67,403 ¥
(8,988) ¥ 3,583
¥
(134) ¥
11,558 ¥
(1,656) ¥
213 ¥
825 ¥
151,121
Cumulative effects of
Cumulative effects of
changes in accounting
changes in accounting
policies
401
401
policies
401
401
Restated balance
38,413
39,902
67,804
(8,988) 3,583
(134)
11,558
(1,656)
213
825
151,523
Restated balance
38,413
39,902
67,804
(8,988) 3,583
(134)
11,558
(1,656)
213
825
151,523
Net changes during the
Net changes during the
year
year
Cash dividends
(6,974)
(6,974)
Cash dividends
(6,974)
(6,974)
Profit attributable to
Profit attributable to
owners of the parent
owners of the parent
company
20,910
20,910
company
20,910
20,910
Purchase of treasury
Purchase of treasury
stock
(1)
(1)
stock
(1)
(1)
Net changes during
Net changes during
the year other than
the year other than
shareholders’ equity
(1,364)
109
(2,704)
62
34
7
(3,855)
shareholders’ equity
(1,364)
109
(2,704)
62
34
7
(3,855)
Total net changes during
Total net changes during
the year
-
-
13,936
(1) (1,364)
109
(2,704)
62
34
7
10,080
the year
-
-
13,936
(1) (1,364)
109
(2,704)
62
34
7
10,080
Balance at March 31, 2019
¥ 38,413
¥ 39,902
¥ 81,741 ¥
(8,989) ¥ 2,219
¥
(25) ¥
8,853 ¥
(1,593) ¥
248 ¥
832 ¥
161,603
Balance at March 31, 2019
¥ 38,413
¥ 39,902
¥ 81,741 ¥
(8,989) ¥ 2,219
¥
(25) ¥
8,853 ¥
(1,593) ¥
248 ¥
832 ¥
161,603
Net changes during the
Net changes during the
year
year
Cash dividends
(7,385)
(7,385)
Cash dividends
(7,385)
(7,385)
Profit attributable to
Profit attributable to
owners of the parent
owners of the parent
company
21,647
21,647
company
21,647
21,647
Change of scope of
Change of scope of
consolidation
(242)
(242)
consolidation
(242)
(242)
Change of scope of
Change of scope of
equity method
(82)
(82)
equity method
(82)
(82)
Purchase of treasury
Purchase of treasury
stock
(5,000)
(5,000)
stock
(5,000)
(5,000)
Disposal of treasury
Disposal of treasury
stock
(0)
0
0
stock
(0)
0
0
Retirement of treasury
Retirement of treasury
stock
(3,953)
3,953
-
stock
(3,953)
3,953
-
Net changes during
Net changes during
the year other than
the year other than
shareholders’ equity
(2,124)
66 (2,322)
(1,013) 33
454
(4,906)
shareholders’ equity
(2,124)
66 (2,322)
6,531 ¥
(1,013) 33
(2,607) ¥
454
(4,906)
Total net changes during
Total net changes during
the year
-
-
9,984
(1,046) (2,124)
66 (2,322)
(1,013) 33
454
4,030
the year
-
-
9,984
(1,046) (2,124)
66
(2,322)
(1,013)
33
454
4,030
Balance at March 31, 2020
¥ 38,413
¥ 39,902
¥ 91,725 ¥
(10,036) ¥ 94
¥
41 ¥
281 ¥
1,286 ¥
165,633
Balance at March 31, 2020
¥ 38,413
¥ 39,902
¥ 91,725 ¥
(10,036) ¥ 94
¥
41 ¥
6,531 ¥
(2,607) ¥
281 ¥
1,286 ¥
165,633
year
year
Cash dividends
(68,380)
(68,380)
Common
Capital
Retained
Treasury
Net
Foreign
Remeasure-
Total net
Common
Capital
Retained
Treasury
unrealized
losseson
currency
ments of
acquisition
controlling
Total net
stock
surplus
earnings
stock, at cost holding gains
losseson
translation
defined
acquisition
controlling
assets
stock
surplus
earnings
stock, at cost holding gains
hedges
translation
defined
rights
interests
assets
Common
Capital
Retained
Treasury
Net
holding losseson trcaunrsrelantcioyn
Remeasure-
Stock
Non-
Total net
Common
Capital
Retained
stock, at
mdenfintseodf
acquisition controlling
Total net
Treasury
ments of
Stock
Non-
Net
Deferred
Foreign
Remeasure-
Stock
Non-
unrealized
Deferred
currency
ments of
Stock
Non-
on securities
hedges
adjustments
benefit plans
rights
interests
on securities
adjustments
benefit plans
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
Net
Foreign unrealized Deferred Foreign unrealized Deferred currency
Remeasure-
stock
stock surplus earnings cost gainson hedges atdrajunstlmateionnts bendefifitnpeldans rights interests assets
surplus
earnings
holding losseson
cost gains on hedges rights interests
assets
stock, at
securities
adjustments benefit plans
acquisition controlling
securities
Balance at March 31, 2019 $ 355,676 $ 369,463 $ 756,861 $ (83,231) $ 20,546 $ (231) $ 81,972 $ (14,750) $ 2,296 $ 7,704 $1,496,324 Balance at March 31, 2019 $ 355,676 $ 369,463 $ 756,861 $ (83,231) $ 20,546 $ (231) $ 81,972 $ (14,750) $ 2,296 $ 7,704 $1,496,324 Net changes during the
Net changes during the
Cash dividends
(68,380)
(68,380)
Profit attributable to
Profit attributable to
owners of the parent
owners of the parent
company 200,435 company 200,435
200,435
Change of scope of
200,435
Change of scope of
consolidation (2,241) consolidation (2,241)
(2,241)
Change of scope of
(2,241)
Change of scope of
equity method
(759)
(759)
equity method
(759)
(759)
Purchase of treasury
Purchase of treasury
(46,296)
(46,296)
stock
(46,296)
(46,296)
stock
Disposal of treasury
Disposal of treasury
(2)
0
(2)
stock
(2)
0
(2)
stock
Retirement of treasury
Retirement of treasury
(36,602)
36,602
-
stock
(36,602)
36,602
-
stock
Net changes during
Net changes during
the year other than
the year other than
(19,667)
611
(21,500)
(9,380)
306
4,204
(45,426)
sareholders' equity
(19,667)
611
(21,500)
(9,380)
306
4,204
(45,426)
sareholders' equity
Total net changes during
Total net changes during
-
-
92,444
(9,685)
(19,667)
611
(21,500)
(9,380)
306
4,204
37,315
the year
-
-
92,444
(9,685)
(19,667)
611
(21,500)
(9,380)
306
4,204
37,315
the year
Balance at March 31, 2020 $ 355,676 $ 369,463 $ 849,306 $ (92,926) $ Balance at March 31, 2020 $ 355,676 $ 369,463 $ 849,306 $ (92,926) $
870 $ 380 $ 60,472 $ (24,139) $ 2,602 $ 11,907 $1,533,639
870 $ 380 $ 60,472 $ (24,139) $ 2,602 $ 11,907 $1,533,639
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 59

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Sanwa Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
Sanwa Holdings Corporation and Subsidiaries For the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
               Cash flows from operating activities:
Net profit before income taxes Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortization Amortization of goodwill Impairment loss
Equity in losses of non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Increase in allowance for doubtful accounts
Increase (decrease) in allowance for bonuses Decrease in net defined benefit liability and asset Increase (decrease) in notes and accounts receivable Decrease in inventories
Decrease (increase) in notes and accounts payable Other, net
Subtotal
Interest and dividend income received Interest expenses paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities:
Payments for purchase of investments in securities Proceeds from sales of investments in securities Payments for purchase of tangible and intangible assets Acquisition of investments in subsidiaries resulting
in change in scope of consolidation Payments for advances
Proceeds from collections of advances Other, net
Net cash used in investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities:
Decrease (increase) in short-term loans, net Proceeds from long-term loans Repayments of long-term loans
Proceeds from issuance of bonds Repayments of bonds
Purchase and disposal of treasury stock, net Cash dividends paid
Cash dividends paid to non-controlling interests Other, net
Net cash used in financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Changes in cash and cash equivalents by changing
the scope of consolidation
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year (Note 3)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
2020
¥ 32,306
9,301 2,260 536 148
(777) 751 355
3 (141)
2,039
(2,157) (1,631) (823)
42,173 811
(745) (9,937)
32,301
(1,619) 4,635 (8,419)
2019
¥ 30,046
8,049 1,449 - 599
(756) 637 27
(122) (1,072) (3,101) (5,345)
2,478 (138)
32,752 721
(626) (8,575)
24,271
(1,134) 1,255
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars (Note 1)
2020
$ 299,130
86,120 20,926 4,963 1,370
(7,194) 6,954 3,287
28 (1,306) 18,880 (19,972) (15,102) (7,620)
390,491 7,509
(6,898) (92,009)
299,083
(14,991) 42,917 (77,954)
(97,963) (4,685)
2,343 (3,565) (153,907)
(13,870) 63,833
(110,204) 92,593
(13,889) (46,296) (68,380)
(676) (9) (96,907)
(1,694) 46,565 444,231
14,907 $ 505,722
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              (12,367) (10,580)         (1,519)
                                          (2,972)
 1,930
   1,130
    (13,677)
 1,414
5,091
   (10,265)
   -
       (550)
(1)
   (6,974)
       (65)
-
   (11,349)
  (529)
(1,285)
 49,263
  -
  ¥ 47,977
 (506) 253 (385)
(16,622)
(1,498) 6,894
(11,902) 10,000
(1,500) (5,000) (7,385)
(73) (1) (10,466)
(183) 5,029 47,977
1,610 ¥ 54,618
                                                                                                                                                      60 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
 
        A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
1. Basis of Presenting Consolidated Financial Statements
Sanwa Holdings Corporation (the “Company”) and its domestic subsidiaries maintain their accounts and records in accordance with the provisions
set forth in the Japanese Corporate Act and the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law and in accordance with accounting principles and practices generally accepted in Japan, which are different from the accounting and disclosure requirements of International Accounting Standards.
The accounts and records of the Company’s overseas subsidiaries have been prepared in accordance with maily either International Financial Reporting Standards or US GAAP for the Company’s consolidation process, except for certain items which are required to be adjusted in the consolidation process.
Amounts less than one million yen and one thousand U.S. dollars are rounded down, Therefore, total or subtotal amounts may not correspond with the aggregation of such account balances.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements are prepared based on the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), which were filed with the Director of Kanto Local Finance Bureau as required by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law.
The translation of the Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollars is included solely for the convenience of the reader, using the approximate exchange rate at March 31, 2020, which was ¥108 to US$1.00.
2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
(a) Scope of Consolidation
The scope of consolidation for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 (FY2019) includes Sanwa Holdings Corporation and its 61 consolidated subsidiaries. Equity method accounting is applied to investments in 4 non-consolidated subsidiaries and 1 affiliate at March 31, 2020 (FY2019).
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, Showa Kensan Co., Ltd., Tajima Metalwork Co., Ltd., Sanwa Electronics Engineering Co., Ltd., Hayashi Kogyo Co., Ltd., Shanghai Baosteel-Sanwa Door Co., Ltd., Sanwa Shutter (H.K.) Ltd., An-Ho Metal Industrial Co., Ltd., Vina-Sanwa Company Liability Ltd., and Novoferm Polska Sp. zo.o. were included in the scope of consolidation because their significance increased, and Suzuki Shutter Corporation, Robust AB and four other companies were included in
the scope of consolidation because the Company acquired shares of their stock. Glomot-Penot Systems S.A.S., Alutomanu Industrie S.A.S., Lux Overhead Door Corporation and WDC Holdings were excluded from the scope of consolidation because they were liquidated due to business restructuring, and Novoferm Europe Ltd. was excluded from the scope of consolidation due to a merger.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, Showa Kensan Co., Ltd., Tajima Metalwork Co., Ltd., Sanwa Shutter (H.K.) Ltd., An-Ho Metal Industrial Co., Ltd., Vina-Sanwa Company Liability Ltd., and Shanghai Baosteel-Sanwa Door Co., Ltd. were excluded from the scope of application of the equity method and included in the scope of consolidation because their significance increased. In addition, PT. Sanwamas Metal Industry was included in the scope of application of the equity method because its significance increased, while Suzuki Shutter (HK) Limited and Suzuki Shutter (Macau) Company
Limited were included in the scope of application of the equity method because the Company acquired shares of their stock.
In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, SCI Parc Industriel Maurice Hollande was excluded from the scope of application of the equity method due to the sale of its shares.
(b) Foreign Currency Translation
All asset and liability accounts of foreign subsidiaries and affiliates are translated into Japanese yen at the exchange rates prevailing at the respective fiscal year-end and revenue and expense accounts are translated into Japanese yen at average exchange rates during the fiscal year.
Shareholders’ equity accounts of foreign subsidiaries and affiliates are translated at historical rates. The resulting translation differences are debited or credited to foreign currency translation adjustment or to non-controlling interests in shareholders' equity.
(c) Cash Equivalents
All highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents.
(d) Short-term Investments and Investments in Securities
The Group adopted the Accounting Standards
for Financial Instruments issued by the Business Accounting Deliberation Council. In accordance with these standards, securities are classified into four categories: trading securities, held-to-maturity debt securities, equity investments in associates, and other securities. Based on this classification, securities with a maturity of less than one year are
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 61
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
 
 included in “Short-term investments” as current assets.
Marketable securities classified as other securities are carried at fair value with the unrealized gain and loss, net of applicable tax, reported in a separate component of shareholders’ equity. Non-marketable securities classified as other securities are carried
at cost determined by the moving average method. Realized gain and loss and declines in value judged to be other than temporary on other securities are charged to income.
(e) Inventories
Inventories of the domestic consolidated companies are valued at cost, determined by the gross average method (Carrying amount in the balance sheet is calculated with consideration of write-downs due to decreased profitability). The costs of inventories held by foreign consolidated subsidiaries are stated at the lower of cost or market value by the first-in, first-out method or the moving average method.
(f) Property, Plant and Equipment (Excluding Lease Assets)
Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation is computed by the declining-
balance method over the estimated useful lives
of assets, except that the straight-line method is applied to buildings (other than fixtures attached
to the buildings) acquired subsequent to April 1, 1998 and fixtures attached to the buildings and structures acquired subsequent to April 1, 2016. The consolidated subsidiaries outside of Japan adopt the straight-line method for depreciation.
Costs of maintenance, repairs and minor renewals are charged to income in the year incurred, although major renewals and improvements are capitalized.
(g) Amortization of Goodwill
Amortization of goodwill is determined on a case by case basis and is generally amortized over a period not exceeding 20 years.
(h) Leased Assets
Leased assets related to finance lease transactions that do not transfer ownership rights are amortized under the straight-line method based on the lease term as the useful life with residual value of zero.
(i) Accounting Method for Retirement Benefits
The Group recognizes pension and severance costs for employees based on the estimates of the pension obligations and the plan assets at the balance
sheet date. The benefit formula basis is applied as the method for attributing the expected retirement benefit to periods of service for the calculation of the retirement benefit obligation.
Actuarial differences are amortized principally over a 10-year period, which is within the average remaining service period of employees, using the
straight-line method from the fiscal year when the difference was generated. Prior service cost of the domestic consolidated companies is amortized when the prior services cost is generated.
Prior service cost of certain foreign subsidiaries is amortized over a 10-year period.
Certain consolidated subsidiaries have calculated their retirement benefit obligation and retirement benefit expenses based on the amount which would be payable at the year-end if all eligible employees terminated their services voluntarily (the “Simplified Method”).
(j) Revenue Recognition
The Group recognizes revenue at the time products are shipped, which is when title and risk of loss
pass to the customer. The Group recognizes revenue related to installation of products at the time installation is complete.
However, revenues and costs of construction contracts, of which the percentage of completion can be reliably estimated, are recognized by the percentage-of-completion method. To estimate
the progress of such construction projects, the Group measures the percentage of completion by comparing costs incurred to date with the most recent estimate of total costs required to complete the project (cost to cost basis). If a reliable estimate cannot be made, revenues and costs of construction contract are recognized by the completed-contract method.
(k) Research and Development Expenses and Software
Research and development expenses are charged to income when incurred.
Expenditure relating to software developed for internal use is charged to income when incurred, except if it contributes to the generation of income or to the future cost savings. Such expenditures capitalized as assets are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of five years.
(l) Income Taxes
The provision for income taxes is computed based on the pretax income included in the consolidated statements of operations. Deferred income taxes are recorded to reflect the expected future tax consequence of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities.
(m) Net Income per Share
The computation of basic net income (loss) per share is based on the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding. The average number of shares used in the computation was 222,852 thousand and 224,979 thousand for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
62 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

        A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Cash dividends per share shown in the consolidated statements of operations are the amounts applicable to the respective years.
(n) Derivative and Hedging Activities
The Group utilizes derivative transactions related to foreign currency exchange rates in order to reduce their risk exposure arising from fluctuations in these rates and prices, to reduce the cost of the funds financed and to improve their return on invested funds.
Derivative transactions currently utilized by the Group include interest rate swap contracts and currency swap contracts.
Net assets or liabilities arising from derivative transactions are measured at fair value, with unrealized gain or loss included in earnings. Hedging transactions, which meet the criteria of hedge accounting, are accounted for using deferral hedge accounting that requires the unrealized gain or loss to be deferred as a liability or asset until gain or loss relating to the hedge object is recognized.
In addition, certain forward exchange contracts are accounted for using the allocation method
and the special method, respectively, which are regulated in the standard. The allocation method requires recognized foreign currency receivables or payables covered by forward exchange contracts to be translated at such contract rates.
The Group has established a control environment, which includes policies and procedures for risk assessment and for the approval, reporting and monitoring of derivative transactions. The Group does not engage in derivative transactions for trading purposes. The Group is exposed to certain market risks arising from derivative transactions. The Group is also exposed to the risk of credit loss in
the event of non-performance by the counterparties to those transactions. However, the Group does not anticipate non-performance by any of these counterparties, all of whom are financial institutions with high credit ratings.
The Group evaluates hedge effectiveness by comparing the cumulative changes in cash flows or the changes in fair value of the hedged items with the corresponding changes in the hedging derivative instruments.
The assessment of hedging effectiveness regarding forward exchange contracts, which are accounted for under the above allocation method and special method, is omitted.
(o) Other Significant Matters for Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements
Application of Tax Effect Accounting for the Transition from the Consolidated Taxation System to the Group Tax Sharing System
With regard to the items that were reviewed in the non-consolidated tax return filing system in line
with the transition from the Consolidated Taxation System to the Group Tax Sharing System established in the “Act for Partial Amendment of the Income Tax Act, etc. ” (Act No. 8 of 2020), the Company and
its domestic consolidated subsidiaries do not apply paragraph 44 of the Implementation Guidance on Tax Effect Accounting (ASBJ Guidance No. 28, issued on February 16, 2018), in accordance with the treatment in paragraph 3 of the “Practical Solution on the Treatment of Tax Effect Accounting for the Transition from the Consolidated Taxation System to the Group Tax Sharing System” (PITF No. 39, issued on March 31, 2020), and the amounts of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are based on the provisions of the tax law prior to the amendment.
(p) Reclassifications
Certain reclassifications of the financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 have been made to conform to the presentation for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
(q) Changes in Accounting Policies
Application of IFRS 16 (Leases)
IFRS 16 (Leases) is applied from the beginning
of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 at the Company’s overseas subsidiaries that have adopted International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). As a transitional measure upon the application of IFRS 16, these subsidiaries use an approach whereby the cumulative effect from application of this standard is recognized at the date of initial application. As
a result, in line with application of this accounting standard, right-of-use assets under property, plant and equipment in the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2020 increased ¥4,163 million ($38,546 thousand), lease obligations under current debt increased ¥731 million ($6,769 thousand), and lease obligations under long-term debt increased ¥2,784 million ($25,778 thousand).
The effect of this change on profit and loss for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 is immaterial.
(r) Additional Information
Accounting Estimates
In preparing the consolidated financial statements
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, the Company examined the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which was generally expected to last until the end of the year, in setting accounting estimates and assumptions, but as for its judgments depending on how the situation changes in the future, the Company believes the pandemic may potentially have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021 and after.
(s) Accounting Standards Issued but Not Yet Effective
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 63
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
 
 ・Accounting Standard for Revenue Recognition
(ASBJ Statement No. 29, issued on March 31, 2020) ・Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard
for Revenue Recognition (ASBJ Guidance No. 30, issued on March 31, 2020)
・Implementation Guidance on Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments (ASBJ Guidance No. 19, issued on March 31, 2020)
(1) Overview
The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the U.S. Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) together developed a comprehensive accounting standard for revenue recognition, and released the standard for Revenue from Contracts with Customers (IASB’s IFRS 15 and FASB’s Topic 606) in May 2014. IFRS 15 was applied from fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, and Topic 606 was applied for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. Accordingly, the ASBJ’s comprehensive accounting standard for revenue recognition was developed, and was released along with implementation guidance.
The ASBJ’s basic policy in its development of the accounting standard for revenue recognition was
to establish a new standard incorporating the basic principles of IFRS 15 as the starting point to allow for comparability of financial statements, which is one of the benefits of ensuring consistency with IFRS 15, and to add alternative accounting treatments for any items requiring consideration due to conventional practices in Japan, provided that such treatments do not impair comparability.
(2) Planned Date of Application
To be applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022
(3) Effect of the Application of the Accounting Standard
The amount of the effect was under review when the consolidated financial statements were prepared.
Accordingly, the ASBJ made efforts to ensure the consistency of Japanese GAAP with international accounting standards regarding guidance and disclosure of fair value, primarily for financial instruments, and the Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement was released.
The ASBJ’s basic policy in its development of the accounting standard for fair value measurement was to adopt essentially all of the provisions of IFRS 13 to improve the comparability of financial statements between companies in Japan and overseas by
using uniform measurement methods, and to add alternative accounting treatments for any items requiring consideration due to conventional practices in Japan, provided that such treatments do not significantly impair comparability.
(2) Planned Date of Application
To be applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022
(3) Effect of the Application of the Accounting Standard
The amount of the effect was under review when the consolidated financial statements were prepared.
・Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates (ASBJ Statement No. 31, issued on March 31, 2020)
(1) Overview
Paragraph 125 of the International Accounting Standards (IAS) 1, “Presentation of Financial Statements” (“IAS 1”), released in 2003 by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), requires disclosure of sources of estimation uncertainty. There have been requests to consider requiring disclosure of sources of estimation uncertainty under Japanese GAAP as information in the notes to financial statements, as this information is of value to users of financial statements. In response, the ASBJ developed and issued the Accounting Standard for Disclosure of Accounting Estimates (hereinafter, “the Standard”).
The ASBJ’s basic policy in its development of the Standard was, rather than to expand individual notes, to state the general principle (disclosure objectives), and then to allow the company to decide the specific information to be disclosed in light of the disclosure objectives. In its development, the ASBJ referred to the provisions of paragraph 125 of IAS 1.
(2) Planned Date of Application
To be applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021
・Accounting Standard for Accounting Policy Disclosures, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections (ASBJ Statement No. 24, March 31,
・Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement (ASBJ Statement No. 30, issued on July 4, 2019) ・Accounting Standard for Measurement of Inventories (ASBJ Statement No. 9, issued on July 4, 2019)
・Accounting Standard for Financial Instruments (ASBJ Statement No. 10, issued on July 4, 2019) ・Implementation Guidance on Accounting Standard for Fair Value Measurement (ASBJ Guidance No. 31, issued on July 4, 2019)
(1) Overview
The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the U.S. Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) established similar detailed guidance on fair value measurement (IFRS 13, “Fair Value Measurement” and FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurement.”)
64 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

        A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
2020)
(1) Overview
A recommendation was made to consider enhancing the note regarding “accounting principles and procedures used in cases where the provisions of the relevant accounting standards are unclear.” In response, the ASBJ made the necessary revisions and issued the Accounting Standard for Accounting Policy Disclosures, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections.
When enhancing the note on “accounting principles and procedures used in cases where the provisions of the relevant accounting standards are unclear,” the ASBJ decided to take over the provisions of the explanatory notes on corporate accounting principles (notes 1-2) in order to avoid affecting conventional practices in cases where the provisions of the relevant accounting standards are unclear.
(2) Planned Date of Application
To be applied from the beginning of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2021
3. Cash and Deposits
The balances of cash and deposits reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at March 31, 2020 and 2019 were reconciled to the balances of cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 as follows:
Millions of yen
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
 Securities
Time deposits with maturities of more than three months
Debt securities with maturities of more than three months
2020
¥ 47,127
2019
8,013
(30)
(3,013)
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
    $ 436,361
    Cash and deposits
9,600
¥ 43,007
88,889
            (10)
       (19,435)
(93)
     (2,099)
            Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
¥ 54,618
¥ 47,977
$ 505,722
           SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 65

 4. Short-term Investments, Investments in Securities and Investments in Non- consolidated Subsidiaries and Affiliates
At March 31, 2020 and 2019, other securities, which are included in short-term investments and investment in securities, were as follows:
 Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
 2020
 2019
  2020
  Carrying value
  Acquisition costs
  Unrealized gain (loss)
  Carrying value
  Acquisition costs
  Unrealized gain (loss)
  Carrying value
  Acquisition costs
  Unrealized gain (loss)
 Securities whose carrying value exceeds their acquistion costs:
Equity securities Bonds and debentures Other
¥ 4,949 2,860 3,504
¥ 2,628 2,854 3,503
¥ 2,321 6 0
¥ 10,548 9,186 3,006
¥ 7,028 9,154 3,005
¥ 3,519 32 0
$ 45,824 26,481 32,444
$ 24,333 26,426 32,435
$ 21,491 56 0
    Subtotal
  ¥ 11,314
  ¥ 8,986
  ¥ 2,327
  ¥ 22,741
  ¥ 19,188
  ¥ 3,553
 $ 104,759
  $ 83,204
  $ 21,546
  Securities whose carrying value does not exceed their acquistion costs:
   Equity securities
         ¥ 4,994
         ¥ 6,954
      ¥ (1,959)
     ¥ 1,934
        ¥ 2,208
         ¥ (274)
   $ 46,241
    $ 64,389
            $ (18,139)
      Bonds and debentures
  8,721
      8,826
  (104)
  5,384
 5,400
      (15)
  80,750
 81,722
      (963)
  Other
 4,912
 5,006
 (94)
 2,924
 3,004
 (79)
 45,481
 46,352
 (870)
 Subtotal
 ¥ 18,628
 ¥ 20,787
 ¥ (2,158)
 ¥ 10,242
 ¥ 10,613
 ¥ (370)
 $ 172,481
 $ 192,472
 $ (19,981)
 Total
¥ 29,943
¥ 29,774
 ¥ 168
 ¥ 32,984
 ¥ 29,801
¥ 3,182
$ 277,250
 $ 275,685
$ 1,556
        Unlisted equity securities (carrying value for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 amounted to ¥471 million ($4,361 thousand) and ¥259 million, respectively) for which it is extremely difficult to determine the fair value are not included in the above table.
Information regarding sales of other securities for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 is summarized as follows:
Millions of yen
The Group has recognized loss on impairment of marketable securities classified as other securities in the amount of ¥0 million for the year ended March 31, 2019.
At March 31, 2020 and 2019, investments in non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates were as follows:
Millions of yen
2020
¥ 14,909
2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
    $ 138,046
       Proceeds from sales
Gross realized gain
58
¥ 85,555
154
537
                                 Advances
2020
¥ 4,345
2019
341
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
    $ 40,231
       Equity securities
321
¥ 11,719
2,972
                            ¥ 4,666
¥ 12,060
$ 43,204
                 66 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

        A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
 5. Inventories
Inventories at March 31, 2020 and 2019 comprised the following:
6. Other Intangible Assets
Millions of yen
    2020
¥ 10,730
2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
 2020
 $ 99,352
     Finished goods
Work in process
25,372
¥ 9,640
23,965
234,926
                    Raw materials and supplies
25,814
                 ¥ 61,917
22,869
¥ 56,475
239,019
   $ 573,306
           Other intangible assets at March 31, 2020 and 2019 comprised the following: Millions of yen
7. Short-term Debt, Long-term Debt and Lease Obligations
Short-term debt, long-term debt and ease obligations at March 31, 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following:
Millions of yen
     Software
Other
2020
2019
8,216
3,944
Thousands of U.S. dollars
 ¥ 5,021
2020
$ 46,491
     Trademark
8,475
¥ 5,071
78,472
                4,531
41,954
                ¥ 18,028
¥ 17,231
$ 166,926
            Current portion of long-term debt
       0.100% unsecured bonds, due 2019
Current portion of lease obligations
Short-term debt
0.494% unsecured bonds, due 2022
0.370% unsecured bonds, due 2026
0.290% unsecured bonds, due 2029
¥ 12,666
731
20,000
10,000
-
12,045
¥ 20,390
10,000
-
-
Thousands of U.S. dollars
    2020
¥ 6,187
2019
2020
$ 57,287
    Short-term debt (unsecured)
5,747
¥ 6,845
53,213
     1,500
6,769
-
                                $ 117,278
    20,000
185,185
    92,593
            10,000
92,593
                Unsecured loans from banks and other financial institutions maturing 2021 - 2025 with average interest rate
from 0.30% to 3.20%
                Lease obligations
       Long-term debt
17,542
3,515
22,872
¥ 52,873
-
162,426
32,546
     ¥ 61,058
$ 565,352
    Less, current portion
(6,478)
(12,045)
(59,981)
                Long-term debt
¥ 54,579
¥ 40,826
$ 505,361
          Aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt and lease obligations at March 31, 2020 were as follows:
Thousands of U.S. dollars
 Years ending March 31
2022
2023
2024 and thereafter
Long-term debt
¥ 51,795
Millions of yen
 9,645
Lease obligation
¥ 491
¥ 2,784
328
Long-term debt
$ 193,981
89,306
196,296
$ 479,583
Lease obligation
    ¥ 20,950
$ 4,546
3,037
                21,200
1,964
18,185
                $ 25,778
           SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 67

 8. Retirement and Severance Benefits
The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries have funded and unfunded defined benefit pension plans and defined contribution pension plans to provide
for the retirement of employees. The defined benefit pension plans are paid either in a lump sum or as a pension based on the employee’s salary and years of service. In the lump-sum payment plans, a lump sum is paid as a retirement benefit based on salay and years of service.
1. Defined Benefit Pension Plan
For the defined benefit pension plans and lump-sum payment plans of certain consolidated subsidiaries, the simplified accounting method is used to calculate net defined benefit liability and retirement benefit expense.
Information on retirement benefits for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was as follows:
(1) Changes in Retirement Benefit Obligations (excludes application of simplified accounting method)
Millions of yen
 Thousands of U.S. dollars
   2020
¥ 41,452
2019
2020
 $ 383,815
     Beginning balance of retirement benefit obligations
                                 Actual differences arising during the year
           Retirement benefits paid
           Other
873
¥ 43,723
(671)
(2,831)
(767)
8,083
         Increase due to new consolidation
Service cost
1,540
1,504
-
14,259
         Interest cost
499
494
4,620
     2,407
22,287
     (3,209)
(29,713)
     (308)
(2,852)
                    Ending balance of retirement benefit obligations
¥ 43,255
¥ 41,452
$ 400,509
            (2) Changes in Plan Assets (excludes application of simplified accounting method)
Millions of yen
    Expected return on plan assets
Actual differences arising during the year
Contribution made by the Company and consolidated subsidiaries
Retirement benefits paid
Other
2020
¥ 36,166
1,108
(2,367)
2019
1,161
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
 $ 334,870
    Beginning balance of plan assets
1,117
¥ 37,090
10,343
                131
(1,383)
                        1,533
(2,001)
1,213
    10,259
(21,917)
            (113)
(233)
(1,046)
                Ending balance of plan assets
¥ 36,042
¥ 36,166
$ 333,722
          (3) Changes in Net Defined Benefit Liability (only application of simplified accounting method) Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
   2020
¥ 527
2019
2020
 $ 4,880
     Beginning net defined benefit liability
Increase due to new consolidation
Retirement benefits expense
Retirement benefits paid
Contribution to plan
Other
Ending net defined benefit liability
217
(42)
¥ 853
¥ 517
           90
           (45)
           (36)
                      ¥ 527
-
-
2,009
     156
1,444
         (51)
(472)
         (389)
     46
426
         $ 7,898
             68 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

        A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
 (4) Reconciliation of Retirement Benefit Obligations and Plan Assets with Net Defined Benefit Liabilities and Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets (includes application of simplified accounting method)
 2020
2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
    ¥ 37,284
$ 345,222
    Funded retirement benefit obligations
(36,597)
¥ 36,169
(36,731)
(338,861)
            Plan assets
686
(562)
6,352
                    Unfunded retirement benefit obligations
7,380
8,067
6,375
5,812
68,333
74,694
    Net amount of liability and asset on consolidated balance sheets
                Net defined benefit liability
13,688
(5,621)
11,901
(6,088)
126,741
(52,046)
                Net defined benefit asset
    Net amount of liability and asset on consolidated balance sheets
¥ 8,067
¥ 5,812
$ 74,694
    Millions of yen
  (5) Retirement Benefit Expenses
 Service cost
2020
499
2019
494
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
    ¥ 1,540
$ 14,259
    ¥ 1,504
4,620
            Interest cost
(1,117)
(1,161)
(10,343)
                Expected return on plan assets
                Amortization of actuarial differences
809
156
669
90
7,491
1,444
            Retirement benefit expenses using the simplified method
  Retirement benefit expenses for defined benefit pension plans
¥ 1,888
¥ 1,598
$ 17,481
      Millions of yen
  (6) Remeasurements of Defined Benefit Plans
Breakdown of remeasurements of defined benefit plans (before deduction of tax effects)
Millions of yen
(7) Accumulated Remeasurements of Defined Benefit Plans
Breakdown of accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit plans (before deduction of tax effects)
Millions of yen
 2020
¥ (1,423)
2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
    $ (13,176)
     Actuarial differences
Total
¥ (1,423)
¥ 47
¥ 47
$ (13,176)
             2020
¥ (3,593)
2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
    $ (33,269)
     Unrecognized actuarial differences
Total
¥ (3,593)
¥ (2,169)
¥ (2,169)
$ (33,269)
            SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 69

 (8) Plan Assets
a. Breakdown of pension assets
b. Determination of long-term expected rate of return on plan assets
The long-term expected rate of return on plan assets is determined by considering the current and expected allocation of plan assets and the current and expected long-term rates of return in the future for the various components of the plan assets.
(9) Basic Assumptions for Calculating Retirement Benefit Obligations
2020
  2019
   Bonds
 51%
  52%
Stocks
        28%
   28%
  Cash and deposits
                  0%
        0%
      General life insurance accounts
17%
16%
Other
           4%
     4%
    Total
  100%
 100%
   2020
  2019
   Discount rate
 (0.2%)-4.4%
 (0.2%)-4.4%
 Expected rate of return on plan assets
              0.2%-6.8%
        1.0%-6.8%
      Expected rate of increase in compensation level
  1.5%-6.1%
 1.5%-6.1%
   2. Defined Contribution Pension Plans
Contributions to defined contribution pension plan
Contributions to defined contribution pension plan
Millions of yen
 2020
Thousands of U.S. dollars
  70 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
2019
2020
    ¥ 1,028
$ 9,519
   ¥ 974
   
        A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
9. Leases
The following pro forma amounts represent the acquisition costs, accumulated depreciation and net book value of the leased assets under finance lease contracts, commencing on or before March 31, 2008 that do not transfer ownership to the lessee at March 31, 2017 and 2016, which would have been reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets if finance lease accounting had been applied to the finance leases currently accounted for as operating leases:
Obligations under non-cancelable operating leases as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
Millions of yen
Note: Certain overseas subsidiaries adopted IFRS 16 (Leases) as of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. Therefore, operating leases for these subsidiaries are included only in the figures for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
  2020
2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
         Due within one year
Due after one year
¥ 1,202
¥ 1,289
$ 11,130
                2,444
2,959
22,630
     ¥ 3,647
¥ 4,248
$ 33,769
     10. Financial Instruments 1. Status of Financial Instruments
(1) Policy for financial instruments
In light of plans for financing, the Group raises the funds it requires through bank loans and bond issuance.
The Group manages temporary fund surpluses through financial assets that have high levels of safety. The Group reduces customer credit risk
by applying internal policies for managing credit
risk. Long-term debt and bonds are taken out principally for the purpose of capital expenditure and acquisitions.
The Group limits the use of derivatives to the volume of long-term debt and bonds and actual requirements based on established internal control rules, and does not engage in speculative transactions.
(2) Types of financial instruments and related risk
Trade receivables - notes receivable and accounts receivable - electronically recorded monetary claims - are exposed to credit risk in relation to customers.
The Group holds securities and investments in securities, which are mainly issued by companies who have business relationships with the Group, and these securities are exposed to the risk of fluctuation in market prices. Trade payables - notes payable and accounts payable - mostly have payment due dates within one year.
Bank loans and bonds are taken out principally for the purpose of working capital, capital expenditure and acquisitions, which are exposed to liquidity risk and interest-rate risk.
Currency swap is almost always used as a hedge as a type of derivative transaction.
(3) Risk management for financial instruments
(a) Monitoring of credit risk (the risk that customers or counterparties may default)
In accordance with the internal policies for managing credit risk of the Group, the Group monitors credit- worthiness of its main customers periodically, and monitors due dates and outstanding balances by customer.
To minimize credit risk when entering into derivative transactions, counterparties are limited to financial institutions with high ratings.
(b) Monitoring of market risks
Derivatives mainly include currency swaps, which are used to manage exposure to market risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates of receivables and payables.
Investments in securities, primarily the equity securities of corporations with which the Group does business, are exposed to the risk of fluctuations
in market price. The Group manages this risk by periodically examining market prices and the financial condition of the issuing entities.
The Group executes and manages derivative transactions within the limits of established internal rules and regulations, and reduces credit risk by limiting counterparties to highly creditworthy financial institutions.
(c) Monitoring of liquidity risk for financing (the risk that the Companies may not be able to meet obligations on the scheduled due dates)
(4) Supplementary explanation of items relating to the market value of financial instruments
The Group manages the liquidity risk mainly through the cash-flow plans, which are prepared by the financial department.
In order to achieve more efficient and flexible financing, the Group contracts line-of-credit agreements with certain financial institutions.
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 71

 2. Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets, fair values and the differences between them on March 31, 2020 and 2019 are as shown below.
Moreover, items for which it is extremely difficult to determine fair values are not included in the following
table (see (Note 2)).
(1) Cash and deposits
(2) Notes and accounts receivable, trade           88,441         88,441 (3) Electronically recorded monetary claims           9,283         9,283 (4) Securities and investments in securities             29,943           29,943
        Book value
¥ (118,137)
Millions of yen
2020
Fair value
¥ (118,191)
Difference
¥ - - - - ¥ - -
(5) (47) ¥ (53)
Difference ¥ - - - - ¥ - -
(10) (371) ¥ (381)
Difference
$ - - - - $ - -
(46) (435) $ (491)
¥ 47,127
¥ 47,127
                         Total assets
(1) Notes and accounts payable, trade
(2) Short-term debt           (11,934)         (11,940) (3) Long-term debt             (51,795)           (51,843)
¥ 174,795 (54,407)
¥ 174,795 (54,407)
                    Total liabilities
      Note: Lease obligations are excluded from Short-term debt and Long-term debt in the amounts of ¥731 million ($6,769 thousand) and ¥2,784 million ($25,788 thousand), respectively.
Millions of yen 2019 Fair value
        (1) Cash and deposits
(2) Notes and accounts receivable, trade           82,563         82,563 (3) Electronically recorded monetary claims         9,526       9,526 (4) Securities and investments in securities             32,984           32,984
Book value
¥ 43,007
¥ 43,007
                          Total assets
(1) Notes and accounts payable, trade
(2) Short-term debt           (20,390)         (20,401) (3) Long-term debt             (40,826)           (41,197)
¥ 168,082 (52,401)
¥ 168,082 (52,401)
                    Total liabilities
(1) Cash and deposits
(2) Notes and accounts receivable, trade           818,898         818,898 (3) Electronically recorded monetary claims           85,954         85,954 (4) Securities and investments in securities             277,250           277,250
Total assets
(1) Notes and accounts payable, trade (2) Short-term debt
(3) Long-term debt
Total liabilities
¥ (113,618)
¥ (114,000)
      Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
Fair value
       Book value
$ (1,093,861)
$ 436,361
$ 436,361
                         $ 1,618,472 (503,769) (110,500)           (110,556) (479,583)               (480,028)
$ 1,618,472 (503,769)
                            $ (1,094,361)
      72 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

        A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
 Note 1: Methods to determine the estimated fair value of financial instruments and other matters related to securities and derivative transactions.
Assets
(1) Cash and deposits and (2) Notes and accounts receivable, trade and (3) Electronically recorded monetary claims
Since these items are settled in a short period, their carrying value approximates fair value.
(4) Securities and investments in securities
The fair value of equity securities is based on quoted market prices. The fair value of debt securities is based on either quoted market prices or prices provided by the financial institutions making markets in these securities.
For information on securities classified by holding purpose, please refer to Note 4. in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
Liabilities
(1) Notes and accounts payable, trade and (2) Short- term debt
Since these items are settled in a short period of time, their carrying value approximates fair value.
(3) Long-term debt (Long-term debt)
The fair value of long-term debt payable is calculated by applying a discount rate to the total of principal and interest. That discount rate is based on the assumed interest rate if a similar new loan was entered into.
Because long-term debt payable with variable interest rates is based on the condition that interest rates are revised periodically and their fair values are almost the same as their book values, the relevant book values are used.
A specially treated interest rate swap is accounted for as an integral part of long-term debt payable, or the subject of hedging, so that the fair value of the swap is stated by being included in the fair value of long-term debt payable.
(Bonds)
The fair value of bonds issued by the Company is based on market prices when market prices are readily available. The fair value of bonds without market prices is measured as the present value, calculated by discounting the total amount of principal and interest at a rate determined by taking into account the remaining maturity of each bond and the current credit risk.
Derivative transactions
For information on derivative transactions, please refer to Note 11. “Derivative transactions” in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
Note 2: Financial instruments for which it is extremely difficult to determine market values were as follows:
Millions of yen
Because it is recognized that these do not have market values or that the market values are extremely difficult to determine, they are not included in the chart above.
 Thousands of U.S. dollars
   subsidiaries and affiliates
Other securities
2020
2019
2020
      Investments in non-consolidated
Book value
     ¥ 11,719
Book value
 ¥ 4,345
$ 40,231
               Unlisted equity securities
471
259
4,361
      SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 73

 Note 3: Planned redemption amounts after the balance sheet date for monetary assets and investment securities with monetary assets and maturity dates.
 Millions of yen
2020
   2019
    Within 1 year
 Over 1 year
 Within 1 year
 Over 1 year
Cash and deposits
      ¥ 47,127
     -
     ¥ 43,007
     -
    Notes and accounts receivable, trade
88,441
-
82,563
-
Electronically recorded monetary claims
          9,283
        -
        9,526
        -
      Securities and investments in securities
Other securities (Bonds)
          2,100
        9,580
        3,012
        11,557
      Other securities (Others)
 7,500
 1,000
 5,000
 920
 Total
 ¥ 154,452
 ¥ 10,580
 ¥ 143,111
 ¥ 12,478
    Thousands of U.S. dollars
  2020
   Within 1 year
 Over 1 year
Cash and deposits
      $ 436,361
     -
    Notes and accounts receivable, trade
818,898
-
  Electronically recorded monetary claims
  85,954
   -
     Securities and investments in securities
                     Other securities (Bonds)
19,444
88,704
  Other securities (Others)
   69,444
    9,259
   Total
 $ 1,430,111
 $ 97,963
   For information in respect to the redemption schedule of bonds and long-term loans, please refer to Note 7. "Short-term Debt, Long-term Debt and Lease obligations" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
11. Derivative Transactions
Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is not applied at March 31, 2020 and 2019 are as follows:
 Millions of yen
 2020
   2019
    Contract amounts
 Fair value
 Unrealized gain (loss)
 Contract amounts
 Fair value
 Unrealized gain (loss)
 Currency swap contracts:
      Over-the-counter transactions
Receive in dollar, pay in euro
¥ 6,040
¥ (96)
¥ (96)
¥ 11,709
¥ 172
¥ 172
       Thousands of U.S. dollars
    2020
 Contract amounts
 Fair value
 Unrealized gain (loss)
 Currency swap contracts:
   Over-the-counter transactions
Receive in dollar, pay in euro
$ 55,926
$ (889)
$ (889)
     74 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

        A History of Strategy Special Feature Reliable Business Reliable ESG Materiality Corporate Data Value Creation Performance Management Initiatives
Derivative transactions to which hedge accounting is applied at March 31, 2020 and 2019 are as follows:
        2020
Over 1 year
Millions of yen
2019
Over 1 year
                Currency swap contracts:
Classification: Deferral hedge accounting Hedged item: Long-term debt interest Receive in euro, pay dollar
Foreign currency forward contracts: Classification: Special method Hedged item: Short-term receivables Receive in cyn, pay yen
Foreign currency forward contracts: Classification: Special method Hedged item: Short-term receivables Receive in yen, pay cyn
Currency swap contracts:
Classification: Deferral hedge accounting Hedged item: Long-term debt interest Receive in euro, pay dollar
Foreign currency forward contracts: Classification: Special method Hedged item: Short-term receivables Receive in cyn, pay yen
Foreign currency forward contracts: Classification: Special method Hedged item: Short-term receivables Receive in yen, pay cyn
Contract amounts
¥ 74
¥ 1,634
¥ 140
Fair value
-¥59
¥ (16)
-¥(0)
Contract amounts
¥ 294 ¥ 1,412
Fair value
¥ (36)
 ¥
¥ -
¥ 76 ¥ -
              ¥
¥ (21) ¥142 ¥- ¥(2)
       Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
Over 1 year
       Contract amounts
$ 685
$ 15,130
$ 1,296
Market value
    $ - $ 546
    $ - $-$(1)
$ (148)
        Note: The fair value is provided by financial institutions with which the Company made the contracts.
12. Shareholders' Equity
The Law provides that an amount equal to 10% of the amount to be disbursed as distributions of capital surplus (other than the capital reserve) and retained earnings (other than the legal reserve) be transferred to the capital reserve and the legal reserve, respectively, until the sum of the capital reserve and the legal reserve equals 25% of the capital stock account. Such distributions can be made at any time by resolution of the shareholders or by the Board of Directors if certain conditions are met.
The Company's legal reserve included in retained
earnings is nil at March 31, 2020 and 2019. Movements in common stock and treasury stock for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 were
summarized as follows:
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 75

 1. Stock Information
Thosands of Shares
    2020
  Balance at beginning of year
 Increase
 Decrease
 Balance at end of year
 Shares issued: Common Stock
 235,000
 -
 4,000
 231,000
  Treasury stock:Treasury Stock
    10,020
    4,133
    4,000
    10,154
    The decrease in common stock of 4,000 thousand shares is due to cancelation of 4,000 thousand shares by the resolution of the Board of Directors. The increase in treasury stock of 4,133 thousand shares is due to purchases of 4,133 thousand shares by the resolution on board meeting and purchases of 0 thousand shares of less than one voting unit and the decrease in treasury stock of 4,000 thousand shares is due to cancelation of 4,000 thousand shares by the resolution of the Board of Directors, sales of 0 thousand shares at the requests of shareholders who own less than one voting unit.
The increase in treasury stock is purchases of 0 thousand shares of less than one voting unit.
 Thosands of Shares
    2019
   Balance at beginning of year
 Increase
 Decrease
 Balance at end of year
 Shares issued: Common Stock
         235,000
     -
     -
     235,000
  Treasury stock:Treasury Stock
 10,019
 0
 -
 10,020
 2. Dividend Information
2020
         Dividends paid in fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
Dividends per share
Total dividends
    Resolution
Record date
Effective date
Yen
U.S. dollars
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
       Shareholders' meeting on June 26, 2019
March 31, 2019
June 27, 2019
16.0
0.15
3,599
       Board of Directors on October 31, 2019
Dividends paid after March 31, 2020
September 30, 2019
December 4, 2019
17.0
0.16
3,785
33,324
35,046
               Yen
U.S. dollars
Millions of yen
Thousands of U.S. dollars
    Shareholders' meeting on June 24, 2020
Resolution
Record date
March 31, 2020
Effective date
   June 25, 2020
17.0
           2019
0.16
3,754
34,759
                 Dividends paid in fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
Dividends per share
Total dividends
  Effective date
  Shareholders' meeting on June 27, 2018
            Dividends paid after March 31, 2019
Resolution
Resolution
Record date
Record date
Effective date
Yen
Yen
Millions of yen
    March 31, 2018
June 28, 2018
15.0
    Board of Directors on October 31, 2018
September 30, 2018
December 5, 2018
Dividends per share
16.0
Total dividends
3,374
 3,599
  Millions of yen
       Shareholders' meeting on June 26, 2019
March 31, 2019
June 27, 2019
16.0
3,599
         76 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
Dividends per share Total dividends

        A History of Strategy Special Feature Reliable Business Reliable ESG Materiality Corporate Data Value Creation Performance Management Initiatives
13. Stock Options
1. Amount of Expense Appropriation and Accounting Name during the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
Equity deal expense (included in “Selling, general and administrative expenses”) was ¥33 million ($305 thousand) and ¥34 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 respectively.
 2. The Contents, Scale, and Change in Stock Options
(1) The contents of stock options
Company
Resolution date
Grantee classification and the number
Type and number of shares
Date of grant
Exercise period of rights
Company
Resolution date
Grantee classification and the number
Type and number of shares
Date of grant
Exercise period of rights
Company
Resolution date
Grantee classification and the number
Type and number of shares
Date of grant
Exercise period of rights
Company
Resolution date
Grantee classification and the number
Type and number of shares
Date of grant
Exercise period of rights
Company
Resolution date
Grantee classification and the number
Type and number of shares
Date of grant
Exercise period of rights
Company
Resolution date
Grantee classification and the number
Type and number of shares
Date of grant
Exercise period of rights
June 2008 stock option Sanwa Holdings Corporation
June 2009 stock option Sanwa Holdings Corporation
     June 26, 2008
1 director
Common stock of the Company:
June 30, 2009
1 director
Common stock of the Company:
July 15, 2008 49,000 shares
July 15, 2009 52,000 shares
For 30 years from grant date
(from July 16, 2008 to July 15, 2038)
June 2010 stock option Sanwa Holdings Corporation
June 30, 2010 1 director
Common stock of the Company: July 15, 2010 61,000 shares
For 30 years from grant date
(from July 16, 2010 to July 15, 2040)
June 2012 stock option Sanwa Holdings Corporation
For 30 years from grant date
(from July 16, 2009 to July 15, 2039)
June 2011 stock option Sanwa Holdings Corporation
        June 29, 2011
1 director
Common stock of the Company:
July 14, 2011 63,000 shares
        June 28, 2012
3 directors
Common stock of the Company:
For 30 years from grant date
(from July 15, 2011 to July 14, 2041)
June 2013 stock option Sanwa Holdings Corporation
July 13, 2012 90,000 shares
June 26, 2013
3 directors
Common stock of the Company:
For 30 years from grant date
(from July 14, 2012 to July 13, 2042)
June 2014 stock option Sanwa Holdings Corporation
July 12, 2013 49,000 shares
        June 26, 2014
4 directors
Common stock of the Company:
For 30 years from grant date
(from July 13, 2013 to July 12, 2043)
June 2015 stock option Sanwa Holdings Corporation
July 14, 2014 40,000 shares
June 26, 2015
4 directors
Common stock of the Company:
For 30 years from grant date
(from July 15, 2014 to July 14, 2044)
June 2016 stock option Sanwa Holdings Corporation
July 13, 2015 26,900 shares
        June 28, 2016
4 directors
Common stock of the Company:
For 30 years from grant date
(from July 14, 2015 to July 13, 2045)
June 2017 stock option Sanwa Holdings Corporation
July 14, 2016 38,400 shares
June 28, 2017
4 directors
Common stock of the Company:
For 30 years from grant date
(from July 15, 2016 to July 14, 2046)
June 2018 stock option Sanwa Holdings Corporation
July 14, 2017 35,700 shares
        June 27, 2018
4 directors
Common stock of the Company:
For 30 years from grant date
(from July 15, 2017 to July 14, 2047)
June 2019 stock option Sanwa Holdings Corporation
July 13, 2018 36,800 shares
June 26, 2019
4 directors
Common stock of the Company:
 For 30 years from grant date
(from July 14, 2018 to July 13, 2048)
July 12, 2019 37,600 shares
For 30 years from grant date
(from July 13, 2019 to July 12, 2049)
     SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 77

 (2) Scale, and change in stock options
(2)-1 Number of stock options
Shares
----------36,800- - - - - - - - - - - -37,600 ------------ - - - - - - - - - -36,800 - - - - - - - - - - - -37,600
 June 2008 June 2009
June June 2011 June 2012 June 2013 June 2014 June 2015 June 2016 June 2017 June 2018 June 2019
stock option
stock option
2010 stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock
stock option option option option option option option option option option
  Before vested
Beginning of period
Granted
Forfeited
Vested
Unvested
After vested
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Beginning of
period           49,000 52,000 61,000 63,000 90,000 49,000 40,000 26,900 38,400 35,700         -       -
                             Vested Exercised Expired Exercisable
- - - - - - - - - -36,800 - ------------ ------------
49,000 52,000 61,000 63,000 90,000 49,000 40,000 26,900 38,400 35,700 36,800 -
                                                                                                                             (2)-2 Unit value and exercise period for stock option rights
Yen
 June 2008 June 2009 June 2010 June 2011 June 2012 June 2013 June 2014 June 2015 June 2016 June 2017 June 2018 June 2019
stock option
stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock option option option option option option option option option option option
111111111111 - - - - - - - - - - - -
  Exercise price
Average share price at exercise
Fair value unit price (Date of grant)
Exercise price
Average share price at exercise
Fair value unit price (Date of grant)
301
June 2008 stock option
263
June 2009 stock option
250
June 2010 stock option
243
June 2011 stock option
252
June 2012 stock option
515 625 U.S. dollars
June 2013 June 2014 stock stock option option
921
June 2015 stock option
810
June 2016 stock option
975
June 2017 stock option
928
June 2018 stock option
885
June 2019 stock option
                                                                                       0.009         0.009       0.009       0.009       0.009       0.009       0.009       0.009       0.009       0.009       0.009       0.009 ------------
2.787 2.435 2.315 2.250 2.333 4.769 5.787 8.528 7.500 9.028 8.593 8.194
                                                  78 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

        A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
2020
Reliable Management
2019
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
 3. Assumptions Used in Estimation of the Fair Value of Stock Options
Valuation method for estimating fair value was the Black-Scholes model. The major assumptions used for the 2019 stock option plan are as follows:
(a) Estimated volatility was computed by the closing stock prices of common stock in each trading day from July 5, 2010 to July 8, 2019. (b) The remaining period was reasonably estimated.
(c) The estimated dividend was calculated based on the dividend amount applicable to the year ended March 31, 2019.
(d) The risk-free rate was determined based on the rate of Japanese government bonds, for which redemption dates corresponded to the estimated remaining period.
14. Research and Development Expenses
Research and development expenses included in selling, general and administrative expenses were ¥4,241 million ($39,269 thousand) and ¥3,970 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
Research and development expenses included in cost of sales were ¥487 million ($4,509 thousand) and ¥641 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
15. Income Taxes
The Company and its domestic subsidiaries are subject to several taxes based on income, which in the aggregate resulted in a statutory tax rate of approximately 30.6% for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 respectively. Foreign subsidiaries are subject to income taxes of the countries in which they operate.
The effective rates for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 differ from the Company’s statutory tax rates for the following reasons:
Major assumptions
   2019 plan
 Estimated volatility
a
 28.3%
  Estimated remaining period
   b
 9 years
    Estimated dividend
         c
    ¥32 per share
    Risk-free rate
 d
 (0.18%)
      30.6%
   Statutory tax rate
Expenses not deductible for income tax purposes             (0.4) Depreciation of goodwill                     1.3
Change in valuation allowance
Other               (1.2)
Effective tax rate
0.2
30.6%
    2.3
    0.6
   (0.8)
(0.3) 30.0
    32.9
   SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 79

 The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and
liabilities at March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
Thousands of U.S. Millions of yen dollars
  Other
Subtotal
Valuation allowance (Deficits)(Note)
Valuation allowance (Temporary difference)
Less valuation allowance subtotal
2020
5,028
14,254
(440)
2019
3,757
11,827
(1,912)
2020
        Deferred tax assets:
¥ 1,410
$ 13,056
            Allowance for bonuses
¥ 1,196
            Net defined benefit liability
4,490
1,046
4,099
41,574
9,685
        Tax loss carryforwards(Note)
276
871
2,556
            Securities
Investment in affiliates securities
    Impairment loss
392
1,609
255
155
       1,492
3,630
 14,898
        46,556
        131,981
            (2,573)
(217)
(4,074)
(23,824)
        (3,013)
(2,130)
(27,898)
    Total
¥ 11,240
¥ 9,697
$ 104,074
    Deferred tax liabilities:
    Depreciation
      Net unrealized holding gains on securities
  Net defined benefit asset
  Other
  Total
Net deferred tax assets
(6,986)
(69)
(2,720)
¥ 674
(5,817)
(982)
(2,807)
(547)
¥ (10,154)
¥ (456)
(64,685)
  (639)
      (25,185)
      (790)
(7,315)
          ¥ (10,566)
$ (97,833)
    $ 6,241
         Note: Amounts of deficits, valuation allowance and related deferred tax assets by tax loss carry-forwards for the year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 respectively.
Deficits (*1)
Millions of yen
2020
              Within 1 year
More than 1 year, within 2 years
More than 2 year, within 3 years
More than 3 year, within 4 years
More than 4 year, within 5 years
More than 5 year
Total
        Deficits (*1)
333
150
61
61
61
378
1,046
                            Valuation allowance
(78)
(88)
0
0
0
(273)
(440)
                            Deferred tax assets
254
62
61
      Millions of yen
2019
61
61
104
605
(*2)
                Within 1 year
More than 1 year, within 2 years
More than 2 year, within 3 years
More than 3 year, within 4 years
More than 4 year, within 5 years
More than 5 year
Total
        312
225
141
56
13
121
871
                            Valuation allowance
 Deferred tax assets
(91)
221
(7)
218
(12)
(13)
(13)
(80)
(217)
                           129
      Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
43
-
41
653
(*2)
                Within 1 year
More than 1 year, within 2 years
More than 2 year, within 3 years
More than 3 year, within 4 years
More than 4 year, within 5 years
More than 5 year
Total
        Deficits (*1)
3,083
1,389
565
565
565
3,500
9,685
                            Valuation allowance
(722)
(815)
0
0
0
(2,528)
(4,074)
                            Deferred tax assets
2,352
574
565
565
565
963
5,602
(*2)
         (*1) Deficits are the amount after multiplying the statutory tax rate.
(*2) Regarding deficits of ¥1,046 million ($9,685 thousand) and ¥871 million (amount after multiplying the statutory tax rate), the Company records deferred tax assets of ¥605 million ($5,602 thousand) and ¥653 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
Regarding deficits, valuation allowance related to the portion deemed to be recoverable based on future taxable income forecasts is not recognized.
80 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

        A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
16. Other Income (Expenses)
Other, net, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following:
Thousands of U.S. Millions of yen dollars
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
  2020
 2019
  2020
 Loss on sales and disposal of fixed assets
¥ (27)
  ¥ (20)
$ (250)
 Gain on sales of investments in securities
    56
  154
 519
     Impairment loss (Note)
    (536)
  -
 (4,963)
     Write-down of investments in securities
    -
  (1)
 -
     Loss on restructuring cost of subsidiary
          (203)
      (180)
    (1,880)
          Loss on liquidation of subsidiaries
(3)
(21)
(28)
Loss on trouble measures
    (313)
  -
 (2,898)
     Other, net
     (760)
   (997)
  (7,037)
       ¥ (1,789)
 ¥ (1,065)
 $ (16,565)
    Note: The Company recognized impairment losses on the following asset groups in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
(Method of grouping assets)
The Group, in principle, groups business assets based on the business management organization. Idle assets that are not expected to be used in the future are grouped by individual asset.
(Background to recognition of impairment loss)
As future cash flows of business assets had fallen below the book value, the Company has reduced the book value to the recoverable amount, and recorded the reduction as an impairment loss in extraordinary losses. In addition, the Company had recorded goodwill based on the assumption of excess earning power at the time of acquisition of shares of Sanwa System Wall Co., Ltd., a consolidated subsidiary of the Company. However, since the business performance has fallen below the initial business plan, the reduction in the unamortized balance of goodwill has been accounted for as a one-time expense, based on a conservative review of the business plan.
(Method of determining recoverable amount)
The Company measures the recoverable amount of business assets based on the value in use. As negative future cash flows are expected, the value in use is measured at the residual value. In addition, the recoverable amount of goodwill is measured with a value in use of zero.
 Location
 Use
  Asset type
  Millions of yen
 Thousands of U.S. dollars
   Amagasaki, Hyogo Pref.
Business assets
Machinery and equipment, tools, furniture and fixtures, and software
¥371
$3,435
    -
   Goodwill
       ¥164
    $1,518
    ¥536
 $4,963
   SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 81

 17. Other Comprehensive Income
The reclassification adjustments and tax effects for components of other comprehensive income (loss) for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 are as follows:
 Millions of yen
2020
   2019
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
       Unrealized holding gains on securities:
            Amount arising during the year
¥ (3,019)
¥ (1,808)
$ (27,954)
             Reclassification adjustments for losses realized in net income
(35)
(154)
(324)
          Before tax effect
(3,055)
(1,963)
(28,287)
          Tax effect
931
601
8,620
    Total unrealized holding gains on securities
(2,123)
(1,361)
(19,657)
    Deferred losses on hedges:
           Amount arising during the year
95
158
880
          Reclassification adjustments for losses realized in net income
-
-
-
          Before tax effect
95
158
880
           Tax effect
(29)
(48)
(269)
    Total deferred losses on hedges
66
109
611
    Foreign currency translation adjustments:
          Amount arising during the year
(2,453)
(2,563)
(22,713)
           Reclassification adjustments for losses realized in net income
-
-
-
    Total foreign currency translation adjustments
(2,453)
  Remeasurements of defined benefit plans:
(2,563)
(22,713)
            Amount arising during the year
(1,957)
(385)
(18,120)
            Reclassification adjustments for losses realized in net income
533
432
4,935
             Before tax effect
(1,423)
47
(13,176)
            Tax effect
410
15
3,796
    Total remeasurements of defined benefit plans
(1,013)
Share of other comprehensive income of non-consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates accounted for using the equity method:
62
(9,380)
            Amount arising during the year
130
Total other comprehensive income
¥ (5,394)
(143)
  ¥ (3,896)
1,204
 $ (49,944)
     18. Segment Information
1. Outline of reportable segments
Reportable segments of the Group are components for which discrete financial information is available and whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Management Conference of the Company to make decisions on the allocation of management resources and assess performance.
The Group is primarily engaged in the manu- facture and sales of steel construction materials for commercial and residential construction, as well as the maintenance and service business for these products. The Group mainly comprises Sanwa Shutter Corporation in Japan, Overhead Door Corporation in North America, Novoferm Gmbh in Europe, and Shanghai Baosteel-Sanwa
Door Co., Ltd., Sanwa Shutter (H.K.) Ltd., An-
Ho Metal Industrial Co., Ltd., and Vina-Sanwa Company Liability Ltd. in Asia. Local legal entities are independent management units, and formulate overall regional management strategies for their products and conduct separate business activities. Accordingly, the Group is comprised of regional segments and divided into legal entities, based on the manufacture and sales systems. The Group’s four reportable segments are “Japan,” “North America,” “Europe” and “Asia.”
82 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

        A History of Value Creation
Strategy
The major products and services of each reportable segment are as follows:
[Japan]
Rolling shutters, shutter-related products, door products for buildings, partitions, stainless steel products, store front products, window products, residential door products, exterior products, residential garage door products, automatic door products, and the maintenance and service business, etc.
[North America]
Rolling shutters, shutter-related products, industrial sectional door products, residential garage door products, openers for garage doors and other doors, automatic door products, and the maintenance and service business, etc.
[Europe]
Rolling shutters, shutter-related products, door products, industrial sectional door products, residential garage door products, openers for garage doors and other doors, and the maintenance and service business, etc.
[Asia]
Rolling shutters, shutter-related products, door products, residential garage door products, and the maintenance and service business, etc.
2. Calculation method used for sales, income or loss, assets and other items on each reportable segment
Accounting policies of the reportable business segments are the same as those noted in “Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.”
The amount of income on reportable segments is based on operating income. Inter-segment sales and transfers between segments are based on market price.
Special Feature
Information about operations in reportable segments of the Group for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, was as follows:
(1) Reportable Segments
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
  Millions of yen
2020
         Japan
North America
Europe
Asia
Total
Adjustments
Consolidated financial statement
        Sales to customers
Intersegment sales or transfers
¥240,407
¥118,398
¥ 74,897
¥ 6,395
¥ 440,099
¥ 62
¥ 440,161
                  190
78
25
12
306
(306)
-
           Total sales
240,597
118,477
74,923
6,407
440,405
(244)
440,161
        Segment income (loss)
¥ 26,246
¥ 9,033
¥ 3,692
¥ (348)
¥ 38,623
¥ (4,405)
¥ 34,217
        Segment assets
Depreciation and amortization
Investment in equity method companies
¥149,266
¥74,584
¥54,051
¥6,144
84
¥284,045
9,262
¥ 69,977
        38
¥354,023
   2,862
3,462
2,853
9,301
           -
-
-
-
-
2,019
2,019
           Capital expenditures
2,423
3,237
2,679
Millions of yen
2019
20
8,360
58
8,419
               Japan
North America
Consolidated financial statement
      Sales to customers
¥ 219,559
¥ 116,574
Europe
¥ 73,394
Total
¥ 409,528
Adjustments
 ¥ 462
       (102)
¥ 409,990
         Intersegment sales or transfers
0
32
70
102
-
          Total sales
219,559
116,607
73,464
409,631
359
409,990
       Segment income (loss)
Segment assets
Depreciation and amortization
¥ 22,258
 2,813
¥ 8,780
¥ 69,968
3,202
¥ 3,834
¥ 49,042
1,998
¥ 34,874
¥ 256,059
8,014
¥ (3,280)
¥ 82,372
34
¥ 31,593
      ¥ 137,047
¥ 338,432
          8,049
          Investment in equity method companies
-
223
-
223
6,043
6,267
          Capital expenditures
2,571
3,978
5,803
12,353
14
12,367
        SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 83

 Thousands of U.S. dollars
 2020
  Japan
 North America
 Europe
 Asia
 Total
 Adjustments
 Consolidated financial statement
 Sales to customers
  $ 2,225,991
     $ 1,096,278
     $ 693,491
     $ 59,213
    $ 4,074,991
  $ 574
    $ 4,075,565
  Intersegment sales or transfers
1,759
722
231
111
2,833
(2,833)
-
Total sales
   2,227,750
     1,097,009
     693,731
     59,324
       4,077,824
  (2,259)
       4,075,565
  Segment income (loss)
$ 243,019
$ 83,639
$ 34,185
$ (3,222)
$ 357,620
$ (40,787)
$ 316,824
Segment assets
   $ 1,382,093
     $ 690,593
     $ 500,472
     $ 56,889
       $ 2,630,046
  $ 647,935
       $ 3,277,991
  Depreciation and amortization
  26,500
    32,056
    26,417
    778
      85,759
 352
      86,120
 Investment in equity method companies
-
-
-
-
-
18,694
18,694
Capital expenditures
   22,435
     29,972
     24,806
     185
       77,407
  537
       77,954
     Adjustments are as follows;
1.(1) Adjustments on segment sales mainly consist of adjustments of intersegment transactions and sales
which are not included in the reportable segments.
(2) Adjustments on segment income or loss mainly consist of adjustments of inter-segment transaction and income or loss which are not included in the reportable segments.
(3) Adjustments on segment assets mainly consist of the eliminations of investment balance and corporate assets. (4) Adjustments on depreciation and amortization consist of adjustments of depreciation and amortization to which are not included in the reportable segments.
(5) Adjustments on investment in equity method companies consist of adjustments of investment in equity method companies to which are not included in the reportable segments.
(6) Adjustments on capital expenditures consist of adjustments of capital expenditures to which are not included in the reportable segments.
2. Segment income or loss is reconciled primarily to operating income on the consolidated statement of income.
3. Major countries in each region
North America: USA, Canada and Mexico, etc. Europe: Germany, France, Netherlands and England, etc. Asia: China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Vietnam
4. Matters related to changes in reportable segments, etc.
(Addition of a reportable segment and revision of the allocation method)
From the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, “Asia” has been added to reportable segments, as Shanghai Baosteel- Sanwa Door Co., Ltd., Sanwa Shutter (H.K.) Ltd., An-Ho Metal Industrial Co., Ltd., and Vina-Sanwa Company Liability Ltd. were included in the scope of consolidation.
In addition, in order to more appropriately reflect operating results by reportable segment, the allocation method for corporate expenses, etc. was revised, and the calculation method for income or loss of reportable segments was changed.
Segment information for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 has been prepared and stated based on the calculation method for income or loss after the changes.
84 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

        A History of Value Creation
(2) Related Information
a) Information on Products and Each Service
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
  Sales to customers ¥ 281,837
Sales to customers $ 2,609,602
Commercial
¥ 110,298
Millions of yen
2020
      Residential
Maintenance/ Home improvement
¥ 45,074
Other
¥ 2,950
$ 27,315
Consolidated
¥ 440,161
          Millions of yen
2019
      Commercial
Residential
Maintenance/ Home improvement
   ¥ 108,155
¥ 42,627
Other
¥ 3,239
Consolidated
  Sales to customers ¥ 255,969
     Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
¥ 409,990
      Commercial
Residential
$ 1,021,278
Maintenance/ Home improvement
$ 417,352
Other
Consolidated
$ 4,075,565
          b) Information on Each Region
Millions of yen
2020
      Property, plant and equipment ¥ 32,913
Japan
North America
¥ 13,913
     Millions of yen
2019
Europe
¥ 21,391
Asia
¥ 872
Total
¥ 69,091
          Japan
North America
Europe
Total
    Property, plant and equipment ¥ 29,725
¥ 13,980
¥ 16,475
    Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
¥ 60,182
      Property, plant and equipment $ 304,750
Japan
North America
$ 128,824
Europe
$ 198,065
Asia
$ 8,074
Total
$ 639,731
            SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 85

 19. Business Combination
Business combination due to acquisition in the year ended March 31, 2020
(1) Outline of business combination
1. Name and main business of acquired company
Name of acquired company: LIXIL SUZUKI SHUTTER CORPORATION
Main business of acquired company: Manufacture, sales, installation, and maintenance and service of shutters and disaster prevention products
2. Main reasons for business combination
In Japan, the Group has been working to strengthen its core shutter and steel door businesses, and expand the maintenance and service business, including in response to the periodic inspection reporting system for fire prevention equipment. The acquisition of LIXIL SUZUKI SHUTTER CORPORATION is expected to generate significant synergies in the shutter and steel door businesses, in which the Group has top share, by combining the Group’s region-based sales network with LIXIL SSUZUKI SHUTTER CORPORATION’s strong customer base, which has been cultivated over its 117-year history. In addition, we expect to establish a stronger market position by increasing our share in core products and expanding profits as we work to achieve “Sanwa Global Vision 2020.”
3. Date of combination September 30, 2019
4. Legal method used for combination Purchase of shares with cash
5. Name of controlling entity after combination SUZUKI SHUTTER CORPORATION
6. Percentage of voting rights acquired 100 percent
7. Principal reason for deciding to acquire the company
The principal reason was the purchase of shares with cash by a consolidated subsidiary of the Company.
(2) Period of the acquired company’s financial results included in the consolidated financial statements October 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020
(3) Acquisition cost of the acquired company and breakdown of consideration by type
Cash consideration of the acquisition:
Acquisition cost:
¥8,221 million [$76,120 thousand] ¥8,221 million [$76,120 thousand]
 (4) Details and amount of major costs associated with the acquisition Advisory fees, etc.: ¥117 million[$1,083 thousand]
(5) Amount of goodwill, reason for its recognition, and amortization method and period (i) Amount of goodwill: ¥745 million[$6,898 thousand]
(ii) Reason for its recognition:
Since the fair value of net assets at the time of acquisition fell below the acquisition cost, the difference
was recognized as goodwill.
(iii) Amortization method and period
One-time amortization in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
(6) The amount of assets acquired and liabilities assumed of the business of SUZUKI SHUTTER
CORPORATION at the date of acquisition were as follows:
Current assets Fixed assets
Total assets Current liabilities Long-term liabilities Total liabilities
Millions of yen ¥
7,125
4,330 11,456 3,089 890 3,980
Thousands of U.S. dollars
$ 65,972
40,093 106,074 28,602 8,241 36,852
                         86 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

        A History of Value Creation
20. Information on Related Parties
Fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 Not applicable.
21. Per Share Informaiton
Note:The basis for calculation 1 Earnings per share
Yen
Yen
Thousand shares 224,979
527 Millions of yen
Thousand shares 224,979
Strategy
Special Feature
Reliable Business Performance
2020
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
    Net assets per share
2020
¥ 742.90
97.14
2019
92.95
U.S. dollars
2020
   $ 6.88
    713.50
0.90
               Earnings per share
           Diluted earnings per share
96.89
92.73
0.90
        Profit attributable to owners of parent
2020
¥ 21,647
-
2019
-
U.S. dollars
2020
   $ 200,435
    20,910
-
               Amount not attributable to common shareholders
           Profit related to common shares attributable to owners of parent
21,647
¥ 20,910
200,435
        222,852
2019
    Average number of common shares during the period
      Increase in common stock:
Stock subscription rights
 2 Net assets per share
Stock subscription rights
Non-controlling interests
Total net assets attributable to common stockholders
2020
¥ 165,633
164,065
281
1,286
2019
160,522
248
832
Thousands of U.S. dollars
2020
   $ 1,533,639
    Total net assets
¥ 161,603
          Deductions from total net assets:
2,602
11,907
         1,519,120
        2020
564
  2019
     Number of shares of common stock used in
the calculation of net assets per share
220,845
   22. Subsequent Events
Fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 Not applicable.
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 87

 Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Board of Directors Sanwa Holdings Corporation
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Sanwa Holdings Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as at March 31, 2020, and the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in net assets, and cash flows for the year then ended, summary of significant accounting policies, other explanatory information.
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Group as at March 31, 2020, and its consolidated financial performance and consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in Japan, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Responsibilities of Management and the Audit and Supervisory Committee for the Consolidated Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, and disclosing, as required by accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, matters related to going concern.
The Audit and Supervisory Committee is responsible for overseeing the directors’ performance of their duties including the design, implementation and maintenance of the Group’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in Japan, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
We also:
・Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
・Consider internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 88 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

        A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
・Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
・Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
・Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Japan.
・Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Audit & Supervisory Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Audit & Supervisory Committee with a statement that we have complied with the ethical requirements regarding independence that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Japan, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
Conflicts of Interest
We have no interest in the Group which should be disclosed in accordance with the Certified Public Accountants Act.
Convenience Translation
The U.S. dollar amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to the year ended March 31, 2020 are presented solely for convenience. Our audit also included the translation of Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts and, in our opinion, such translation has been made on the basis described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
Kyoritsu Audit Corporation Tokyo, Japan
June 23, 2020
Kiyoshi Asada
Representative Partner, Engagement Partner Certified Public Accountant
Hiroshi Suzuki Engagement Partner Certified Public Accountant
Reliable Business Performance
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 89
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
 appropriate in the circumstances for our risk assessments, while the purpose of the audit of the consolidated financial statements in not expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

Corporate Overview (As of March 31, 2020)
 Head Office
Established
Capital (Paid-In)
Employees
Stock Listings
Transfer Agent
Common Stock
Shinjuku Mitsui Building 52F Nishi-Shinjuku 2-1-1, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 163-0478, Japan
Phone: +81-3-3346-3019
April 10, 1956
¥38,413 million
11,474 (consolidated)
Tokyo Stock Exchange
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation
Corporate Agency Department Higashisuna 7-10-11, Koto-ku, Tokyo 137-8081, Japan
Authorized: 550,000,000 shares Issued: 231,000,000 shares
Principal Shareholders
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) 7.52
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account) 6.25
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 5.09
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company, Limited 3.67
SSBTC CLIENT OMNIBUS ACCOUNT 3.22
Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. 2.44
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation 2.10
Nippon Steel Nisshin Co., Ltd. 1.80
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK 385632 1.78
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5) 1.72
Notes:
1. The Company holds treasury stock, which is excluded from the major shareholders listed above.
Number of shares held: 10,154,344 shares.
2. Percentage of voting rights is calculated based on the total number of shares issued excluding
treasury stock.
3. Nippon Steel Nisshin Co., Ltd. conducted a merger on April 1, 2020, in which Nippon Steel Nisshin
Co., Ltd. was the absorbed company and Nippon Steel Corporation was the surviving company.
 Shareholder name
Percentage of voting rights (%)
                 High (Yen)
Low (Yen)
 Number of shareholders:
13,157
Stock Price Trend
April 1, 2010 – March 31, 2011
April 1, 2011 – March 31, 2012
April 1, 2012 – March 31, 2013
April 1, 2013 – March 31, 2014
April 1, 2014 – March 31, 2015
April 1, 2015 – March 31, 2016
April 1, 2016 – March 31, 2017
April 1, 2017 – March 31, 2018
April 1, 2018 – March 31, 2019
April 1, 2019 – March 31, 2020
367 204
333 222
492 282
783 457
925 598
1,113 660
1,165 793
1,624 1,016
1,449 1,135
1,367 666
(Yen) 30,000
20,000
10,000
0
(Thousands of shares)
    Total Shareholders’ Return
(%) 96.4
(Comparison value: (89.2) TOPIX Total Return Index)
122.2
(102.3)
162.7
(118.5)
160.0
(112.5)
110.8
(101.8)
  FY
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
       Stock Price Range / Trading Volume
(Yen) 2,000
1,600 1,200 800 400 0
2014.4
2015.1 2016.1
2017.1
2018.1
2019.1
2020.1
60,000 40,000 20,000
0
 Stock Price (left scale) Nikkei Stock Average (right scale) Trading Volume (right scale)
              Corporate Website and Disclosure Media
Wide
Narrow Overview
https://www.sanwa-hldgs.co.jp/english/
           Corporate Website
    Integrated Report
 The Company offers information on its corporate website for its stakeholders, in order to provide details regarding Sanwa Group’s Corporate Philosophy and business activities. Stakeholders may also view IR information and detailed ESG-related data on this website.
     Content
Details
 90 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2020
Intended readers

       A History of Value Creation
Strategy
Special Feature
Consolidated Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies (As of July 31, 2020)
Reliable Business Performance
Reliable Management
ESG Materiality Initiatives
Corporate Data
  Region
Company Name
Established
Investment Ratio
Category
Japan
Sanwa Shutter Corporation
Showa Front Co., Ltd.
Okinawa Sanwa Shutter Corporation
Sanwa Tajima Corporation
Tajima Metalwork Co., Ltd.
Sanwa System Wall Co., Ltd.
Suzuki Shutter Corporation
Showa Kensan Co., Ltd.
Venix Co., Ltd.
Showa Kensan Co., Ltd.
Hayashi Kogyo Co., Ltd.
Sanwa Electronics Engineering Co., Ltd.
Yoshida Seisakusho Co., Ltd.
Metalwork Kansai Co., Ltd.
Ace Co., Ltd.
Sanwa Mitaka K.K.
Living110.com Co., Ltd.
Shanghai Baosteel - Sanwa Door Co., Ltd.
Novoferm (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Sanwa Shutter (H.K.) Ltd.
Suzuki Shutter (HK) Limited
Suzuki Shutter (Macau) Company Limited
An-ho Metal Industrial Co., Ltd.
Vina-Sanwa Company Liability Ltd.
Pt. Sanwamas Metal Industry
DongBang Novoferm Inc.
SUN METAL Co., Ltd.
Overhead Door Corporation
(Access Systems Division)
(Genie)
(Horton Automatics)
Novoferm Germany GmbH
Novoferm GmbH
Novoferm Riexinger Türenwerke GmbH
Novoferm Siebau GmbH
Novoferm Tormatic GmbH
Tor System Technik GmbH
Docking Solution and Service GmbH
Novoferm Vertriebs GmbH
Novoferm Nederland B.V.
Alpha Deuren International B.V.
Novoferm France S.A.S.
Norsud S.A.S.
Novoferm Schievano s.r.l.
Novoferm UK Limited
Horton Automatics Ltd.
The Garage Door Company
Bolton Gate Services Ltd.
Novoferm Schweiz AG
Novoferm Door SP.z o.o.
Novoferm Polska SP.z o.o.
Novoferm Alsal S.A.
Robust AB
Oct. 2007 100.00% Consolidated subsidiary
Jun. 1963 100.00% Consolidated subsidiary
Jan. 1996 100.00% Consolidated subsidiary
Oct. 1938 100.00% Consolidated subsidiary
Apr. 1963 100.00% Consolidated subsidiary
Apr. 2017 100.00% Consolidated subsidiary
Jul. 1936 100.00% Consolidated subsidiary
Apr. 1987 100.00% Consolidated subsidiary
Jul. 2011 100.00% Consolidated subsidiary
Jul. 1967 100.00% Consolidated subsidiary
Dec. 1973 100.00% Consolidated subsidiary
Apr. 1954 100.00% Consolidated subsidiary
Mar. 1955 100.00% Non-consolidated subsidiary
Oct. 1969 100.00% Non-consolidated subsidiary
Apr. 1969 100.00% Non-consolidated subsidiary
Apr. 2003 100.00% Non-consolidated subsidiary
Nov. 2000 100.00% Non-consolidated subsidiary
Apr. 2006 80.00% Consolidated subsidiary
Dec. 2005 100.00% Equity-method affiliate
Oct. 1986 100.00% Consolidated subsidiary
1967 100.00% Consolidated subsidiary*
2005 100.00% Consolidated subsidiary*
Aug.1988 79.02% Consolidated subsidiary
Jan. 2008 87.63% Consolidated subsidiary
Dec. 1996 51.02% Equity-method affiliate
1957 50.00% Equity-method affiliate
Feb.1991 25.60% Affiliated company
1921 100.00% Consolidated subsidiary
Apr. 1955 100.00% Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
Consolidated subsidiary
                   Asia
North America
China
Hong Kong/ Macau
Taiwan
Vietnam
Indonesia
Korea
Thailand
Germany
Netherlands
France
Italy
U.K.
Switzerland
Poland
Spain
Sweden
                Europe
                       * Consolidated subsidiary from fiscal 2020 (The Sanwa Group comprises 100 subsidiaries and 12 associated companies as of March 31, 2020.)
SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2020 91

                  SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
Shinjuku Mitsui Building 52F Nishi-Shinjuku 2-1-1, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo 163-0478, Japan
Phone: +81-3-3346-3019
Inquiries : Corporate Communication Department
https://www.sanwa-hldgs.co.jp/english/
