GROWING THROUGH VALUE CREATION
Integrated Report 2018
The Kanematsu Group’s Value Creation Process
 Corporate Principle
“Let us sow and nurture the seeds of global prosperity”
        Five Key Issues
    Responding to changes in market characteristics and location and changes in customer needs
Mutual development with local communities
Consideration of the global environment
D Enhancing governance
Promoting respect for human
E rights, human resource
development, and diversity
• Five divisions, organized by business field, each with specific expertise
• Organizational functions that support business activities from specialized perspectives
• Locations around the world
• Highly specialized Group companies
• Wide range of business fields
• Expertise and technical capabilities regarding industries and products
• Accumulated know-how
• Global professionals/Diverse professionals • Business creation and proposal abilities
• Sound financial position (Net D/E ratio of less than 1.0) • Stable earnings base
• Average annual cash flows of approximately ¥20 billion
• High quality and quantity of business partners • Contribution to local communities
• Trust built over a period of almost 130 years
• Biodiversity (animals, plants, fungi, etc.)
• Sunlight, air, forests, and soil
• Geothermal, wind, and other forms of renewable energy
A
B
C
Organizational Capital
 Human and Intellectual Capital
 Financial Capital
  Social and Relationship Capital
 Natural Capital
 To address these five key issues, the Kanematsu Group will leverage all forms of its capital to advance business
Contents
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths
1 The Kanematsu Group’s Value Creation Process 2 Kanematsu’s History
4 Message from the President
Special Features
14 Special Feature
Growth Strategy by Business under the future 135 Medium-Term Vision
22 Message from the CFO
Review of Operations
24 Review of Operations
26 Electronics & Devices
28 Foods & Grain
30 Steel, Materials & Plant
32 MotorVehicles&Aerospace
Sustainability
34 Sustainability
44 Corporate Governance
48 Messages from Outside Directors 49 Corporate Officers
    The Kanematsu Group’s Capital
   
  Our Beliefs: Kanematsu's Guiding Principles
1. Reflecting the pioneering spirit of our predecessors, we believe that fairness and justice should guide our business dealings and the wise use of creative imagination and ingenuity will bring prosperity
2. Our purpose as a Company is not only to build a sound and flourishing business, but to fulfill our responsibilities as a corporate citizen, contributing to society and the security and well-being of all.
3. As members of a corporation, we act not as individuals but as representatives of that organization and as such we are bound by Company rules and attendant loyalties and must work together with a spirit of cooperation while cultivating mutual understanding and respect for fellow members.
            What We Do
 Where We Provide Value
   Businesses in the areas
where we have strength and expertise
  Electronics & Devices
Bolstering the management base
• Strengthen governance
• Increase sophistication of investment risk management • Develop global professionals
Contributing to local communities and the environment
• Environmental management system • Social contribution activities
Customers and business partners
  Foods & Grain
 Steel, Materials & Plant
Shareholders and investors
  Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
 Employees
   Local communities
   The global environment
 activities, thus increasing its enterprise value and providing value unique to Kanematsu to all stakeholders.
 Financial Section and Company Information
50 Financial and ESG Highlights
52 Management’s Discussion and Analysis
54 Business Risks
56 Consolidated Financial Statements
62 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
119 Independent Auditor’s Report
120 Major Group Companies
121 Network / Organization Chart
122 Network
124 Corporate Profile
Editorial Policy
The content of the Kanematsu Group annual reports is based on an integrated reporting approach with reference to the International Integrated Reporting Council’s International Integrated Reporting Framework, the G4 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines, a set of international standards created by the Global Reporting Initiative, and ISO 26000. We hope that the report will help readers deep- en their understanding of the Kanematsu Group.
Forward-Looking Statements
This annual report contains statements regarding the Kanematsu Group's plans, strategies, and expectations for future performance. Such statements are inher- ently subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results could diverge materially from the Group's projections due to changes in the economic and market environment surrounding the Group's business areas, such as exchange rate fluctuation.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 1

  Kanematsu’s History
Since its founding, contribution to the public good, domestic and international society, and humanity has been the basis of Kanematsu’s corporate activities. In line with this stance, Kanematsu has innovated and evolved with the times, continually creating and providing value unique to Kanematsu.
       1889–1950s
Guided by Kanematsu’s founder, a pio- neer in trade between Japan and Australia, Kanematsu weathered finan- cial panics and built a solid foundation. Eventually, the Company expanded to the United States and other countries.
1889
Fusajiro Kanematsu Shoten of Australian Trading founded by Fusajiro Kanematsu in Kobe
1890
Branch opened in Sydney
Direct importing of Australian wool began
1918
Company name changed to Kanematsu Shoten Company
1936
Branches opened in New York and Seattle
1943
Company name changed to Kanematsu Corporation
Corporate Principle
1960s–1980s
Kanematsu grows larger, diversifying functions as a trading company and expanding geographically.
1967
Merged with the Gosho Company to form Kanematsu-Gosho, Ltd.
1973
Listed on the first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
1990s–2000s
Following the expansion and collapse of Japan’s economic bubble and the Asian Financial Crisis, Kanematsu carried out decisive business selection and concentration aimed at rein- forcing its management framework. The Company also worked to improve and strengthen its financial base.
     1989
100th anniversary of the Company’s founding
1990
Company name changed to Kanematsu Corporation
1999
Implemented large-scale business selection and concentration
2005
Acquired a majority stake in Shintoa Corp. (100% stake acquired in 2010)
       Net sales
* Figures for fiscal 2017 onward are IFRS-basis profit before tax.
       “Let us sow and nurture the seeds of global prosperity”
“Sow a seed now,” and take action to benefit people around the globe, bade our founder, Fusajiro Kanematsu, setting a standard of public duty that we at Kanematsu continue to uphold through a com- mitment to ethical business principles and corporate responsibility.
The beliefs and philosophies that inspired Fusajiro Kanematsu in the late nineteenth century Meiji period, a time when Japan was striving to build a national economy, were encapsulated in the docu- ment Our Beliefs: Kanematsu’s Guiding Principles in 1967, on the occasion of our merger with The Gosho Company.
Our Beliefs: Kanematsu's Guiding Principles
1. Reflecting the pioneering spirit of our predecessors, we believe that fairness and justice should guide our business dealings and the wise use of creative imagination and ingenuity will bring prosperity
2. Our purpose as a Company is not only to build a sound and flourishing business, but to fulfill our responsibilities as a corporate citizen, contributing to society and the security and well-being of all.
3. As members of a corporation, we act not as individuals but as representatives of that organization and as such we are bound by Company rules and attendant loyalties and must work together with a spirit of cooperation while cultivating mutual understanding and respect for fellow members.
April 2004 – March 2007
Medium-Term Business Plan: “New KG200”
              2000
2001 2002
2003 2004 2005 2006
   2K 2
 K
A
AN
N
E
EM
MA
AT
TS
S
U
UI
I
n
n
t
t
e
e
g
g
r
r
a
a
t
t
e
e
d
d
R
R
e
e
p
p
o
o
r
r
t
t
2
2
0
0
1
1
8
8

 2010–
Kanematsu has enhanced its management base through business selection and concentration. Implementing M&A in highly specialized fields and business expansion, we are shifting to an aggressive management stance.
    2012
Acquired North American oilfield tubing company Benoit Machine LLC
2013
Paid first dividends in 15 years
2014
Acquired a majority stake in Kanematsu-NNK Corp. (now Kanematsu Sustech Corporation)
2016
Carried out an absorption-type merger with Diamondtelecom, Inc., aimed at expanding the mobile business
Issued first corporate bonds in 20 years
2019
130th anniversary of the Company’s founding
                          April 2014 – March 2018
Medium-Term Vision “VISION-130”
A
–
                              April 2007 – March 2010
Medium-Term Business Plan: “team KG120”
April 2010 – March 2013
Medium-Term Business Plan: “S-Project”
April 2013 – March 2016
Medium-Term Business Plan —Jump to the
next stage—
            2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
pril 2018 – March 2024 Medium-Term Vision future 135 –
Going forward, we will leverage strengths developed through our accumulation of a diverse wealth of experience over our long history to continue contributing to the development of international society.
              KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 3
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Message from the President
              4 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
   Since 1889, the Kanematsu Group has constantly stayed ahead of the curve, continuing to grow through repeated business creation.
In April 2018, we launched future 135, our medium-term vision for the coming six years. Under future 135, we have begun initiatives aimed at sustained growth in business areas where we have strength as well as scale expansion through business investment. Leveraging our stable earnings structure and financial structure, we are accelerating efforts to reach the next stage of growth, with the aspiration of being a unique general trading company.
President
Kaoru Tanigawa
    
 This year, I have seen firsthand how full of
Q1
Reflecting on My First Year as President
 Over this past year, I have gained a renewed appre- ciation of the relationships between the Kanematsu Group and its stakeholders; it has thus been an extremely valuable time for me. My resolve when I took office—to make sure that all our employees and their families can take pride in Kanematsu, to increase Kanematsu’s enterprise value so that it can better contribute to society, and to ensure that the Kanematsu Group contributes to the world econo- my—has not changed. In particular, I think that the pride each employee of Kanematsu and the Group has in being part of the Kanematsu Group will help each individual take to heart their mission of fulfill- ing our social responsibilities.
energy and vigor our employees are. I think that this is a sign of the Kanematsu Group’s large growth potential. I was also once again impressed by the depth of the connections and trust that the Group has built with its many business partners and associ- ates over the years. This a major strength, and I feel that it means the Kanematsu Group is of use to its business partners and, consequently, to society.
As I see it, my role as president is to lay out the path to growth and to build efficient business mod- els. A trading company must constantly be creating new businesses. To that end, by enhancing our edu- cational systems and developing our people, I think that I must lead the way toward the creation of businesses that offer new added value.
Q2
Where Kanematsu Stands and the Challenges Ahead
 As a trading company, Kanematsu carries out corpo- rate activities with the understanding that its mis- sion is to contribute to society by creating businesses. While we do not invest in natural resources, we have a unique business portfolio that spans a wide range of business fields. Leveraging this strength, I believe that Kanematsu can develop businesses that no one else can.
Technology is evolving, driving changes in the needs of society and ways of living, and Japan’s population and markets are shrinking—it is clear that traditional trading businesses are at a major turning point. Kanematsu’s business model is root- ed in trading, the foundation of a trading compa- ny. Going forward, we will need to carefully read market trends while making greater efforts to find new businesses rooted in advanced technologies, such as AI and IoT. By expanding its business fields, I hope that Kanematsu will become a corporate
group that encompasses numerous highly special- ized business areas. The one universal manage- ment issue for any trading company is business creation. The key is to maintain a keen sensitivity to product cycles, technological innovation, and market shifts in order to find the seeds of growth and continuously create new businesses. Imagination and ingenuity are crucial.
The long process of rebuilding our manage- ment base has somewhat taken the edge off the speed of Kanematsu’s business creation. This is now a challenge we face. To create new businesses, we are therefore working to foster passion in order to bring out each and every employee’s imagination and ingenuity and by doing so reinvigorate Kanematsu’s corporate culture with an entrepre- neurial spirit. This will also help us precisely under- stand conditions around us, including changes in markets and needs.
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 5

6 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
  Having stabilized our revenues and finances, we are now switching gears toward greater invest- ment in growth, but we must ensure that neither management nor employees become complacent or careless. Political and economic conditions in Japan and around the world are changing at a dizzying pace, while markets constantly fluctuate, signifi- cantly impacting business. We must make sure that every individual is alert and vigilant, lest we be tripped up. At the same time, enhancing human resource development is vital, as inadequate
education creates risk.
At the start of fiscal 2019, the year ending
March 31, 2019, we launched future 135, our medium-term vision for the coming six years. Under this vision, we aim to increase profit through the sustained growth of core businesses as well as by increasing business scale and added value through business investment. We have created future 135 to reflect the Kanematsu Group’s orientation toward and commitment to growth.
Fiscal 20Q18 P3erformance
 In fiscal 2018, the year ended March 31, 2018, many Japanese companies recorded strong results, bolstered by favorable economic conditions in Japan and abroad. Within the Kanematsu Group, the ICT solutions business, which maintained its focus on highly specialized fields, the mobile business, which saw greater than expected effects from the integra- tion of subsidiaries, and the oilfield tubing business, which recovered on the back of a rise in crude oil prices, did especially well. As a result, both revenue and profit increased year on year, and profit for the year attributable to owners of the Parent rose 102.7% year on year to ¥16.3 billion.
Reflecting the recording of retained earnings, total equity attributable to owners of the Parent climbed to ¥116.0 billion. As a result, Kanematsu’s financial position remained sound, with the equity ratio at 22.3% and the net D/E ratio at 0.5.
I think that these achievements are the result of the Groupwide strategies we have been imple- menting. However, we have only just begun down the path to growth. Political instability overseas is increasing, and the unexpected could happen at any time. Looking at our current position the starting line, we will be even more vigilant as we move steadily forward.
 
 Change of Operating Profit in Main Segments
(¥ billion)
30.0
25.0
20.0
15.0
10.0
5.0
0
Electronics & Devices
Foods & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
      9.9
 10.7
14.3
17.6
17.5
 3.4
  4.0
 7.3
2.1
 1.4
  2.5
  3.4
5.0
 2.8
3.9
     2.8
3.0
2.2
2.5
2.5
     FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
VISION-130
FY2018
FY2019 (Forecast)
future 135
  (Note) 1. For the fiscal years ending March 2014 and 2015, the Japanese standard for operating income plus exchange rate fluctuations is adopted. For the fiscal years ending March 2016 and thereafter, operating profit in IFRS is adopted.
2. Other segments are not included.
Q4
Looking Back at Our Early Completion of VISION-130
 Under VISION-130, our previous medium-term vision, launched in April 2014, we aimed for consolidated net income of ¥15.0 billion in fiscal 2019, the final year of vision. However, in fiscal 2018, we recorded consolidated net income of ¥16.3 billion, reaching our target ahead of schedule. I think that a key factor behind this achievement was the impact of consoli- dated management. In particular, within the Electronics & Devices Division, the ICT solutions busi- ness and mobile business have seen marked growth over the past several years while maintaining high profitability. In the mobile business, we made the major acquisition of mobile phone sales company Diamondtelecom, Inc. in 2016 and merged it with Kanematsu subsidiary Kanematsu Communications Ltd. in 2017. The results of this integration have been even greater than expected. This is an excellent example of a successful implementation of our con- solidated management structure, with Kanematsu
acting as controller and Group companies handling the supply chain and front-line business. In this kind of collaboration, Kanematsu supplies the ingredients, while the Group companies turn the ingredients into well-crafted dishes and serve them to customers.
In this way, under VISION-130, we made real progress in the areas that we decided to focus on and achieved results in fields where we had been working to increase revenues. While there will always be ups and downs in individual businesses, by not investing in natural resources, we have achieved a stable revenue structure. Furthermore, our financial structure is also stable, as illustrated by our indicators, such as an ROE of 15.1%, a net D/E ratio of 0.5, and an equity ratio of 22.3%. We know that a revenue structure that is even more resilient to fluctuations in the market environment will be indispensable to meet the challenges ahead, and we are prepared to work toward its establishment.
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
      KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 7

8 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
 Q5
Review by Segment under VISION-130
 In the Electronics & Devices segment, Kanematsu Electronics Ltd. worked to provide services with expert knowledge, know-how, and added value to further increase profitability in its ICT solutions business. The high level of expertise in this business and consolidated management structure worked well, contributing greatly to results. Furthermore, in the mobile business, as mentioned above, the merger of Kanematsu Communications and Diamondtelecom not only con- tributed to scale expansion, but produced greater- than-expected synergies, making steady headway toward increased market share.
The Foods & Grain segment is a stable part of the Group’s earnings base. In particular, the food business requires the kind of added value that comes from the application of imagination and ingenuity and is a field where Kanematsu’s unique attributes can really shine. Meanwhile, the feedstuff business is an area that pres- ents opportunities to steadily increase revenue using the know-how built up over the Company’s long his- tory, and I can confidently say that it plays an impor- tant part in Japan’s food market. Honing one’s market discernment and know-how to figure out how best to hedge against the risks of market fluctuation—a key aspect of business in food commodities and an area where Kanematsu’s extensive experience is invaluable—
Targets and Results
is one of the great pleasures of business. At the same time, climate change is prompting market locations to shift, so securing new suppliers going forward is important.
In the Steel, Materials & Plant segment, consoli- dated management with affiliates is one of our strengths, as is the Division’s business coordination spanning multiple fields. Performance in the North American oilfield tubing business improved greatly thanks to the increase in crude oil prices in fiscal 2018, and we were able to effectively use our strengths in the functional chemicals business and other highly specialized fields, contributing to revenue expansion.
In the Motor Vehicles & Aerospace segment, our strength is in our proposal- and problem solving-based business model that leverages abundant information resources to address regional characteristics and cus- tomer needs. Business expansion in next-generation automobile markets, such as those related to network connectivity (so-called connected cars) and self-driving vehicles, as well as entry into the space business are progressing smoothly.
In technological support, which was designated as an area for innovation under the previous vision, we expect growth in such areas as the security business in the run up to the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics.
The consolidated profit for the year target for the year of ¥15 billion was achieved one year ahead of schedule. Return on equity cleared the target, reaching 15.1%.
Regarding shareholder’s equity, it was increased steadily to the target level, despite lower stock prices and the appreciation of the yen in the second half of the year. The net D/E ratio remained low, in the 0.5 times range.
    Consolidated profit for the year
Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Parent
ROE
VISION-130 target
¥15.0 billion
12.0%
FY2018
¥16.3 billion
15.1%
        Shareholder’s equity
Total equity attributable to owners of the Parent
Net D/E ratio
VISION-130 target
Over ¥120.0 billion
Under 1.0 times
FY2018
¥116.0 billion
0.5 times
     
  The future 135 Q6
ium-Term Vision— A Plan for Growth
Med
 Our targets for fiscal 2024, the sixth and final year of the future 135 medium-term vision, are consoli- dated net income of ¥25 billion, ROE of 13%–15%, and a total payout ratio of 25%–30%. Our aim of achieving sustainable growth is unchanged. Moreover, we aim to contribute to society by return- ing increased revenues to our stakeholders. We want Kanematsu to be a useful, indispensable part of society. With that in mind, we regard the targets of the medium-term vision not as our ultimate desti- nation, but as milestones along the road of sus- tained growth.
In the 2000s, as the Kanematsu Group was advancing business selection and concentration, it rebuilt its financial foundation by reducing its assets and interest-bearing debt. However, I think that we have gone a little too far in paring down our assets and businesses. At such times, the entrepreneurial spirit of management and employees gets worn
down, and have I worried that we might lose sight of Kanematsu’s reason for existing as a trading com- pany. Since becoming president last year, however, I have seen firsthand the fire in our employees and business partners, and I feel strongly that the time has come for us to reclaim the entrepreneurial spirit of our founding.
While maintaining and strengthening the sound financial base we have established, we will focus on more deeply developing our areas of strength and work to build businesses using innova- tive new technologies. By doing so, we will aggres- sively advance business expansion and creation. To do this, we must realize effective corporate gover- nance to ensure exacting oversight in business man- agement and investment as well as a corporate culture in which imagination and ingenuity are a constant while constructing mechanisms to achieve business creation.
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
      KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 9

       Medium-Term Vision
Quantitative Targets
Essentials
Image of growth
Consolidated profit for FY2024
(Profit for the year attributable to owners of the parents)
ROE
Total return ratio
April 2018 – March 2024
¥25 billion
13% – 15%
25% – 30%
  By further enhancing our strong business and achieving sustainable growth in the business segments of our stable revenue base, pursue the expansion of scale and the acquisition of added value with an effective investment in our business.
Target a consolidated profit for FY2024 of ¥25 billion.
Based on a stable earnings structure/financial structure, the dividend payout ratio (total payout ratio) is set at 25%–30%, promoting management with the emphasis placed on capital efficiency.
The new Medium-Term Vision is for the six years from the fiscal year ending March 2019 to the fiscal year ending March 2024.
(Three years after the initiation of the Medium-Term Vision, the direction will be reconfirmed, including the progress of business investment. )
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Added value
Stable earnings base
Investment in innovation (seeds)
Expansion of scale
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Priority Initiatives
Customer • Market • Share
Sustainable growth in fundamental businesses and the expansion of the revenue base
through business investment
• Achieve sustainable growth by maintaining a stable revenue structure
• Carry out business investment while achieving a balance between capital and risk assets based on a stable financial structure
• Promote business investment in areas of strength through two strategies focused on “revenue base expansion” and “value added”
Response to technical innovation
• Promote and expand new businesses with advanced technology (IoT, AI, etc.) (“innovation investment”)
Establishment of management infrastructure for achieving sustainable growth
• Build a framework for global strategy
• Cultivate management-level human resources • Improve employee satisfaction (ES)
10 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
Function

 PriorityInitiatQives7underfuture135
 I. The first priority initiative under future 135 is “Sustainable growth in fundamental businesses and the expansion of the revenue base through business investments.” Our existing businesses will remain the foundation of the Kanematsu Group’s revenue, and we will continue working toward sustained, steady growth in these businesses. The feedstuff business, which plays an important part in food sup- ply in Japan, is a good example. Going forward, as technologies evolve and needs change, some busi- nesses will fade away, while other, new businesses emerge; in such an environment, I think that imagi- nation and ingenuity will be particularly crucial to expansion in existing businesses. Technological inno- vation may bring more opportunities for investment in efficiencies and other areas. To make sure we don’t drop the ball, we will advance collaboration between businesses and expand our revenue base through appropriate investment and M&A in areas where we have deep insight. The time span of the new vision, six years, is rather long. Each business must therefore set goals, such as, for example, dou- bling revenue in existing fields, and consider what is necessary to meet those goals as we move forward.
II. Second, “Response to technical innovation,” as exemplified by such technologies as IoT and AI, will be indispensable as we build the Kanematsu Group’s future. Across all business fields, the appli- cation and integration of IoT and other new tech- nologies are advancing, creating needs for structural innovation. In this environment, the Electronics & Devices Division is focusing on offering high-value- added business models using new technologies. Going forward, trading companies will need to cre- ate added value that transcends individual business areas. We will promote the coordination of businesses that possess cutting-edge technologies with other businesses and our partners, further reinforcing
business creation through broad-reaching collabora- tion across business areas. From the current fiscal year, we have created the position of Chief Officer of Technologies and Business Collaboration, and we are working to accelerate the creation of new busi- nesses and develop them into pillars of growth by harnessing technological innovation. By building new businesses in step with changes in society, the Kanematsu Group aims to fulfill its mission.
III. Third is “Establishment of management infra- structure for achieving sustainable growth.” We rec- ognize that people are the foundation of all we do, and, accordingly, there are many things we must work on. First, we urgently need to cultivate man- agement personnel. To this end, we are creating new training programs and enhancing other educa- tional measures aimed at raising the quality of our employees. At the same time, we are implementing measures to raise employee satisfaction as well as work style reforms. Each individual has different val- ues, so it is extremely difficult to create something that everyone will be 100% satisfied with. It is important, however, that we create frameworks in which employees can find meaning in their work and enjoy the use of their imagination and ingenu- ity and then operate such frameworks while enhancing communication. Furthermore, as we work toward global business expansion, we are aim- ing to increase the number of specialized operating companies in key overseas markets. To this end, we are working to enhance our internal systems. We plan to complete these initiatives during the first half of the medium-term vision. In addition, we will implement systems to quantitatively assess our man- agement situation and related risks.*
* For more details, please refer to Message from the CFO on pages 22–23 and Corporate Governance on pages 44–47.
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
      KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 11

12 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
  G r o w t h S t Qr a t e g8y b y B u s i n e s s
 Under future 135, in addition to the ongoing growth of existing businesses, we will target additional growth by making investments aimed at expanding the reve- nue base and capturing added value. Expansion of the revenue base through business investments is aimed at growing our customer base, markets, and market share. These are Groupwide goals, but at the moment, in addition to investing in the Electronics & Devices Division, which encompasses numerous highly com- petitive business areas, I think that the machinery and chemicals businesses in the Steel, Materials & Plant Division, where we still have underutilized strength, need a boost. Main areas for achieving growth by cap- turing added value include such areas as feedstuff, foods, and steel, where we will add new functions to existing businesses.
Looking at individual businesses, in the ICT solu- tions business we will continue aiming for sustained growth leveraging our strengths. We position this busi- ness as a stable revenue base. In the electronic compo- nents and semiconductor business and the system devices business, we will reorganize existing businesses to capture added value. In the mobile business, having achieved positive results through M&A under the pre- vious medium-term vision, we will utilize our know- how to advance scale expansion and work toward greater efficiency by enhancing the profitability of
stores. In the Foods & Grain segment, we will work to expand the revenue base of the meat product business and identify sources of additional added value that we can more deeply develop in the value chain infrastruc- ture we have built in Asian food markets. In the Steel, Materials & Plant segment, including the steel, machinery, plant, energy, and chemicals fields, invest- ment in scale expansion will be crucial. We will work with even greater speed to build up operations in this segment as a business pillar for the coming era. In the Motor Vehicles & Aerospace segment, we will expand the earnings base of the aircraft components business and, in space-related businesses, expand areas in which we have strength and cultivate fields where we understand customer needs.
Furthermore, we will accelerate investment in innovation aimed at sowing the seeds of the future, realizing cross-division collaboration focused on cutting-edge technologies, such as AI and IoT, to create new businesses.
While we aim for ongoing growth, every invest- ment will come be carefully scrutinized to ensure that no investment becomes a burden down the line. To this end, we will rigorously apply our investment stan- dards to investment decisions while proactively select- ing our fields of specialization and honing the precision of our aim.
 
 We are strengthening our corporate governance in stages. From fiscal 2019, we have introduced a performance-linked stock compensation plan for directors. By more closely linking director compensa- tion with corporate performance and stock price, we aim to increase directors’ awareness of share- holder and investor value. In addition, Kanematsu has three outside directors, each with different areas of expertise. Our directors engage in active discus- sion rooted in their own experience, and I think our Board of Directors functions efficiently as a result.
As indicated in the priority initiatives of the future 135 medium-term vision, the present short- age in management personnel is matter of urgent concern, and we are working to strategically nurture the personnel needed fill this need. Respect for diversity is deeply embedded in the bedrock of the Kanematsu Group. I think that the Group has the necessary resources and conditions, including the aforementioned respect for diversity, to develop the diverse human resources it needs. We plan to imple- ment management training not just for current executives, but for young employees early in their careers, regardless of gender, on varying scales as
appropriate. Winning the trust of our business partners, so that they feel comfortable letting Kanematsu handle their business management, is a guidepost to aim for in determining what Kanematsu should look like as a trading company going forward.
One of Kanematsu’s Corporate Principles is ful- filling our corporate social responsibilities by building a sound, flourishing business. We aim to take a broad view of international society and strive to solve social problems through our businesses, thereby con- tributing to society. Informed by the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), we will encourage development in areas rooted in social issues and problem solving within fields unique to Kanematsu, where other trading companies do not operate. By discovering and meeting needs in these areas, we will develop businesses, creating employ- ment and impacting our business partners and the consumers they interface with. Considered in these terms, our social responsibility is readily apparent. Going forward, we will continue striving to increase our enterprise value and contribute to society in ways that only Kanematsu can.
Our MaQnage9ment Base
 Fiscal 2019 OutlookQand1Me0ssage to Stakeholders
 In fiscal 2019, we are planning for revenues of ¥760.0 billion, up 6.3% year on year, operating profit of ¥30.0 billion, up 14.7%, and profit for the year attributable to owners of the Parent of ¥16.5 billion, up 1.1%.
The Kanematsu Group regards providing returns to shareholders as one of its most important tasks. Since resuming the payment of dividends in fiscal 2014, we have increased dividend payments each year. Under future 135, we have established a target total payout ratio of 25%–30%. We will con- tinue to balance careful decision making with aggressive investment as we move into a steady
growth trajectory and endeavor to consistently fulfill our responsibilities to shareholders.
Going forward, the Kanematsu Group will carve out a path to major growth. We plan to make investments backed by our stable financial base and based always on thorough risk assessment. From there, we will boldly move forward and return the fruits of our endeavors to our stakeholders. I prom- ise to carry out diligent, firmly grounded manage- ment while working to increase Kanematsu’s enterprise value to live up to the expectations of our stakeholders.
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
      KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 13

  Special Feature
Growth Strategy by Business under the future 135 Medium-Term Vision
Building on sustained growth in business fields with stable earnings bases, we will move forward toward further growth through innovation investment, planting the seeds of future businesses along the two axes of scale expansion and added value.
 Strategic expansion of scale Reinforce store revenue
Mobile business
Sustained growth using our strength
ICT solution business
Expansion of scale of meat products business
Expansion in the food market in Asia
Foods & Grain
Steel, Plant, Energy and Chemicals
Horizontal development in the machinery and chemicals businesses
      Reorganization and enhancement of printer business
Reorganization and enhancement of semiconductor business
    Electronics
Stable earnings base
  New business based on advanced technology such as AI/loT as a core
    14 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
  Accumulation of assets in the aerospace business
Expansion into the space-related area
Acquisition of added value
Expansion of scale
Investment in innovation (seeds)

 1 Electronics Expansion of the Printer Business
Added value
Sales Expansion of Semiconductor and LCD Equipment
KEY REGIONS Japan, China, South Korea, Taiwan KEY BUSINESS Kanematsu PWS LTD.
Overview and Outlook
Mainly in Japan and the rest of Asia, Kanematsu supplies semiconductor equipment, LCD equipment, and compo- nents. Semiconductor demand is increasing alongside the development of such new technologies as IoT, AI, and autonomous driving. Carefully watching the evolution of display technologies, including LCD and OLED, we will offer solutions that meet customer needs. While establish- ing mutually complementary relationships with supply partners, we will swiftly provide more finely tuned services.
Market Environment
Semiconductor Manufacturing Equipment Market by Region
KEY REGIONS
KEY BUSINESS COMPANY
Japan, United States, Europe, Asia G-Printec, Inc.
COMPANY
Overview and Outlook
Kanematsu has sold commercial printers overseas since the early 1990s. From our overseas locations in Europe, the United States, and Southeast Asia, we have served mainly the photo, card, and label industries, providing commercial printers, consumables, and a wide range of solutions tai- lored to customer needs. Going forward, we will continue to work in close partnership with Japanese manufacturers to develop the global market.
Market Environment
Our strategy is to expand the range of our operations. In addition to carrying out such functions as sales, marketing, and the provision of services, we will move into upstream areas handled by manufacturers, such as product planning, design, and development, as well as downstream areas, such as coordinating and securing overseas sales channels. swiftcolor series (a Kanematsu brand)
(Billions of U.S. dollars)
(%)
40 35 30 25 20 15 10
5
SCL-4000D
SCC-4000D
Timeline and Measures Taken to Strengthen Business
2016 Established G-Printec, Inc.
South Korea
2016 Kanematsu PWS LTD. formed an alliance with Germany-based SUSS MicroTec as the latter’s exclusive distributor in Japan
60
50
40
30
20
10
0
37%
18%
2014
13%
0 -3% -5
2015 2016 2017 (CY) China Japan North America Europe
(Source: SEMI)
Global sales of new semiconductor equipment grew 37% from US$41.2 billion in 2016 to US$56.6 billion in 2017. Demand is expected to continue growing, mainly in Asia.
Taiwan
Other Regions Growth rate(Right)
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 15

 16
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
2 ICT Solutions
Leverage Kanematsu’s competitive advantage as a provider of multi-vendor solutions to bolster sales capabilities
Stable earnings base
Develop One-Stop IT Infrastructure Services
KEY REGIONS
KEY BUSINESS COMPANIES
Japan, Asia (China, Southeast Asia)
Kanematsu Electronics Ltd., Nippon Office Systems Ltd.
KEY REGION
KEY BUSINESS COMPANY
Japan
KEL Technical Service Ltd.
Overview and Outlook
As a provider of multi-vendor solutions not bound to any spe- cific manufacturer, Kanematsu operates businesses in virtual- ization solutions and infrastructure development, areas in which it has a strong track record, as well as a security busi- ness serving mainly large corporations as end users.
Furthermore, by providing services ranging from the design and construction of corporate information services to their maintenance and operation through a one-stop framework, even at customers’ overseas locations, we are working to dif- ferentiate our business and secure a competitive advantage.
Recently, customer requirements for IT investment have been diversifying. Having an understanding of customers‘ businesses and the ability to suggest usage options (such as on-premises or cloud-based systems) tailored to each system’s purpose are now essential skills for IT vendors.
While leveraging our strengths as a provider of multi-vendor
Market Environment
Domestic Information Security Market Sales Forecast by Product Segment
(Millions of yen)
400,000
solutions, we will strive to secure and develop human resources who can flexibly respond to customer needs and further bolster sales capabilities and comprehensive Group strength in order to carry out our role as a strategic IT partner.
350,000 300,000 250,000 200,000 150,000 100,000
50,000 0
• In addition to demand for strategic IT investment aimed at securing competitive advantage, demand is increasing for IT investment aimed at improving corporate produc- tivity and efficiency and saving labor to meet corporate needs, including those related to work style reforms and personnel shortages.
• As customer needs diversify, demand for IT investment in information security is expanding in response to the ris- ing risk of information leaks and need to strengthen gov- ernance while protecting companies against such threats as cyber attacks.
2015 2016 2017
2018 2019 2020
Security appliance market
SaaS security software market On-premises security software market
2021 2022
(CY)
(Source: IDC Japan)
Timeline and Measures Taken to Strengthen Business
2014 Established an affiliate in Thailand
2015 Nippon Office Systems Ltd. became a wholly owned subsidiary
2017 Formed a capital and business tie-up with GLOBAL SECURITY EXPERTS Inc.

 3 Mobile Strategic Scale Expansion
KEY BUSINESS Kanematsu Communications Ltd. COMPANY
• Nationwide network of mobile phone sales outlets • Directly operated stores: 156
Secondary agency stores: 278 (As of June 30, 2018)
Overview and Outlook
As a primary distributor for domestic telecommunications carriers, we are one of Japan’s major sales agencies and maintain a nationwide network of sales outlets. Going for- ward, while the mobile market will continue to see the replacement of phones, including switches from feature phones to smartphones, the arrival of 5G (high-speed, high- volume data transmission) is expected to drive the introduc- tion of a wider range of devices to the market. Our network of brick-and-mortar stores, where we interface with custom- ers, is a significant strength, and we will continue working to expand and reinforce said store network.
For corporate customers, we offer not just mobile phones, but a wide range of services in the mobile solutions field. As smartphone performance improves and the IoT market matures, the mobile communications market is expected to see ever-greater development. Expanding from the mobile phone-related services we currently offer, we will
Market Environment
Mobile Contracts by Generation of Mobile Communications Standard
Expansion of scale
(Millions)
25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000
0
The Japanese mobile phone market has long been said to be saturated and approaching its ceiling, but the total number of active lines continues to increase each year. Going forward, various telecommunications standards such as 5G (large capacity communication) and LPWA (low power wide area) come onto the market, we expect to enter an era in which, rather than just one, individuals will have two or three lines. In addition to communications, mobile phone-related services are diversifying, and the economic sphere surrounding the mobile industry is expected to see accelerating expansion.
* The graph at left was prepared based on “Quarterly Data on Telecommunications Service Contract Numbers and Market Share” published by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications
1997.3
2000.3
2005.3
2010.3
2015.3
2018.3
BWA devices
3.9 G mobile phones (LTE)
3G mobile phones 2G mobile phones
Timeline and Measures Taken to Strengthen Business
2013 Acquired BD Holdings, Inc., a mobile phone sales company based in the Kyushu region
2014 Concluded a global wireless device distribution agreement with Australia-based NetComm Wireless Limited
2017 Kanematsu Communications Ltd. and Diamondtelecom, Inc. merged
Reinforce Sales Outlet Revenue
KEY BUSINESS Kanematsu Communications Ltd. COMPANY
• Human resource development and skill enhancement • Improving store efficiency and customer satisfaction
provide diversified products and services.
Furthermore, the next-generation communications field
presents opportunities to leverage coordination and syner- gies spanning the Kanematsu Group.
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 17

 4 Foods & Grain Scale expansion of the meat products
business
Added value
Developing Food Markets in Asia
Expansion of scale
KEY REGIONS
KEY BUSINESS COMPANIES
Japan, Asia (China, Southeast Asia)
Kanematsu Corporation, Kanematsu Shintoa Foods Corp.
KEY REGION
KEY BUSINESS COMPANIES
Asia
Overview and Outlook
The Kanematsu Group is diversifying the production areas from which it procures meat product ingredients, helping to stabilize procurement. Leveraging strong partnerships with our suppliers, we carry out rigorous, detail-oriented ingredient procurement to meet diverse customer needs. Furthermore, at our factories in and outside Japan, we are expanding services that provide high-value- added products, including primary product processing. In distribu- tion, Group company Kanematsu Shintoa Foods Corp. operates refrigerated warehouses and is building an integrated distribution system linking cargo collection, ancillary work, and storage in order to provide a high-quality distribution service.
Going forward, we expect the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and other factors to bring about an increase in the market share of imported meat products in the Japanese market and aim to further increase our sales volumes. At the same time, we will work toward global business
development leveraging the
strength of our business func-
tions in the rapidly growing
Chinese market. We will pursue
scale expansion, aiming for the
number one spot in Asia in terms
of product handling volume.
Market Environment
• The share of imported meat in the Japanese market is increasing due to trade agreements, including the TPP and Economic Partnership Agreement (EPA)
• Increasing added value by leveraging functions to expand globally
• Kanematsu’s strengths as a group (refrigerated warehousing, domestic sales companies, overseas sales network)
Overview and Outlook
Culinary habits are rapidly evolving alongside economic growth in emerging Asian nations. In these markets, Kanematsu is building a value chain encompassing one-stop businesses that handle opera- tions ranging from upstream feedstuff materials to mid-stream processed food development, manufacturing and sales, as well as downstream restaurant business.
First, in the animal feedstuff area, leveraging know-how devel- oped in the dairy cow feed market, Kanematsu is contributing to the development of Vietnam’s dairy farming sector. Furthermore, in the area of processed foods, drawing on the Group’s R&D and content provision functions developed in the domestic food service sector, we are operating a central kitchen company in Indonesia, a rapidly growing market. Using our thorough knowledge of the halal standards of MUI, a major halal certification body in Indonesia, we offer products that Muslim customers can choose with confidence and are favored
by a wide range of users.
Going forward, we aim to expand horizontally, bringing Japanese-quality foods to the tables of the Asia’s four billion residents, and we are considering expanding exports to markets in other parts of the Muslim world.
Market Environment
Building value-chain infrastructure
• Enter upstream areas, such as animal feedstuff and feedstuff materials
• One-stop framework for product proposal, production and supply • Kanematsu’s strengths as a group (logistics, facilities machinery,
sales companies)
The Kanematsu Group’s Initiatives in Indonesia
Kanematsu Group Functions and Roles
Overseas suppliers
Kanematsu’s overseas branches
                 
development
         
management
         
development
Kanematsu
            
  Sales
  Import
                      Business building
Kanematsu Shintoa Foods Corp.
Kanematsu’s overseas sales agencies
  Receiving orders   Sales
            
  Distribution
End users
Logistics/ storage
Import/maintenance of industrial food machinery
Timeline and Measures Taken to Strengthen Business
2014 Began full-scale handling of meat products at Kanematsu Shintoa Foods Corp.
2018 Recommenced operations at the Heiwajima refrig- erated warehouse following the completion of the redevelopment plan for Heiwajima in Tokyo
2018 Establishedameatproductprocessingjointven- ture in China
Timeline and Measures Taken to Strengthen Business
2012 Established PT. Kanemory Food Service, a food pro- cessing joint venture company
2013 Invested in a dairy producer in Vietnam and entered the dairy cow feed business via a business tie-up
2014 Established a confectionery and baking ingredients wholesalingjointventureinShanghai
Established a subsidiary in Vietnam
18 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
*
Raw ingredient procurement
Food processing
Restaurant management
* P.T. Kanematsu Trading Indonesia
Kanematsu Corporation, PT. Kanemory Food Service, PT. Abadi Tunggal Lestari

 5 Steel, Plant, Energy and Chemicals
Expansion of scale
Improve and expand the production framework of the North American oilfield tubing business
KEY REGION North America
KEY BUSINESS COMPANIES
Kanematsu Corporation, Benoit Premium Threading, LLC., Steel Service Oilfield Tubular, Inc.
Overview and Outlook
In 2014, we finalized plans for the construction of a sec- ond factory for oilfield tubing processing company Benoit Premium Threading, LLC (BPT). However, due to a rapid decline in crude oil prices, oilfield tubing demand fell, and in light of business conditions, we temporarily suspended construction.
Since then, crude oil prices have risen, and, as a result, North American crude oil production has recovered. Due to the improvement in demand for oilfield tubing, mainly in the area of shale oil, Kanematsu’s business companies in the oilfield tubing value chain are seeing increases in pro- cessing and sales volumes.
In 2017, we decided to build an R&D center at BPT to reinforce threaded connection research and development functions. We are also considering resuming construction on the second factory.
Market Environment
We expect shale resource development and oilfield tub- ing demand to continue growing over the medium and long terms and will continue focusing on expanding these businesses.
Since bottoming out in 2016, the North American oilfield tubing market has been steadily recovering alongside crude oil prices
and the rig count.
(US$/b)
120
100
80
60
40
20
3,000
2,500
2,000
1,500
1,000
500
108.31
WTI Prices (Right)
1,925
Rig Count Avg. (Left)
51.68
597
67.92
1,046
00
2013 2013 2013 2013 2014 2014 2014 2014 2015 2015 2015 2015 2016 2016 2016 2016 2017 2017 2017 2017 2018 2018 1 4 7 10 1 4 7 10 1 4 7 10 1 4 7 10 1 4 7 10 1 4
Timeline and Measures Taken to Strengthen Business
2013 Acquired a North American oilfield tubing processing company
2014 Finalized plans for the construction of a second factory for BPT to expand the oilfield tubing business (later suspended due to drop in oil prices)
2017 Announced the construction of an R&D center for BPT
29.42
404
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 19

 6 MotorVehicles&Aerospace
Expansion of scale
Scale expansion of the aircraft parts business
Expansion of Space-Related Businesses
KEY REGIONS Japan, South Korea, Thailand, India KEY BUSINESS Vector Launch., Inc.
Overview and Outlook
Kanematsu entered the space field in the 2000s when it began handling satellites and satellite components and has since enhanced its lineup of products related to satellites and tracking and control ground systems. In January 2017, we moved into a new business area, the satellite launch service, which connects the
ground and space. Going
forward, demand for
small satellite launches is
expected to see stable
growth. We will meet this
demand by offering trans-
port services using
Vector’s small launch vehi-
cles in and outside Japan.
Market Environment
Multiple mega-constellations of satellites are currently being planned, and demand for small satellite launches is expected to grow. As size reductions and performance improvements to electronic components and equipment increase the capabili- ties of small satellites, firm demand for small satellite launches is expected going forward.
Nano/Microsatellite Launch History & Market Forecast
KEY REGION
KEY BUSINESS COMPANY
Europe
KG Aircraft Rotables Co., Ltd. (KGAR)
COMPANY
Overview and Outlook
In 2002, we embarked on the Boeing 737 component business through sales and leaseback transactions. Since then, we have catered to demand for parts for the Boeing 737 fleet and expanded our component exchange business. In 2014, we pur- chased and disassembled an Airbus A320, fully entering the A320 component business and beginning to handle engine com- ponents. In 2016, we purchased and disassembled two Boeing 737-800s, building up a competitive component portfolio. The aircraft aftermarket is expected to expand further, and we are aiming to become a key player in the largest market segment.
Market Environment
Robust passenger demand is expected over the longterm, and the number of aircraft in service is forecast to steadily increase. Demand for single-aisle, narrow body aircraft, such as the Boeing 737 MAX and Airbus A320neo, is expected to be especially strong, with over 10,000 such aircraft to be delivered over the coming decade.
Narrow-Body Deliveries by Aircraft Platform
(Number)
6,000
5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
(Number)
00
A320neo 737MAX 737NG C Series A320 C919 MC-21
(Source: Oliver Wyman Global Fleet & MRO Market Forecasts)
Timeline and Measures Taken to Strengthen Business
2002 Established KGAR and began Boeing 737 component sales and leaseback business
2014 Began dealing in Airbus A320 components
2016 Purchased and disassembled two Boeing 737- 800s for components
2013
2014 2015 2016
2017 2018
2019 2020 2021 2022
20 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
700 600 500 400 300 200 100
Full Market Potential Space Works Forecast Historical Launches
679 598
460 411
361
Added value
515
(Source: SPACE WORKS ENTERPRISE, INC.)
Timeline and Measures Taken to Strengthen Business
2017 Made a strategic investment in Vector Launch Inc.
2018 Entered an exclusive agreement to repre- sent Vector in Japan, India, Thailand and South Korea

 7 AI/IoT:NewBusinessBased on Advanced Technologies
Investment in innovation (seeds)
Overview and Outlook
The development of such new technologies as AI and IoT has the potential to significantly impact not just consumers, but also traditional businesses by transcending existing business models.
The Kanematsu Group has been proactively launching initiatives related to new technologies in each of its busi- ness areas—such efforts have included smart agriculture initiatives in the agricultural sector as well as initiatives related to electric vehicles and connected cars in the
Limited Partnership Investment in a Cyber Security Fund
The automotive industry is on the verge of a major trans- formation, and Kanematsu views this as a business oppor- tunity. Even before the launch of the Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Division in 2013, we were exploring new initia- tives in the automotive and aerospace fields. Since 2017, we have had a dedicated officer dispatched to Silicon Valley in the United States. This officer is stationed at the world-leading technology accelerator and investment firm Plug and Play Tech Center, looking for startups in the auto- motive and aerospace fields with which we can collaborate
electronic devices and motor vehicle sector. In the past sev- eral years, to further accelerate such initiatives, we have formed multiple project teams that coordinate across divi- sions and Group companies, drawing mainly on the Electronic & Devices division and Motor Vehicles & Aerospace division, which have strengths related to ICT. Through this approach, we are bringing together Group strengths to accelerate business creation.
and create businesses. In this way, we are working to cre- ate new businesses that will be future pillars and build new business models. At the same time, seeking out promising startups across a wide range of fields, we are focusing on cyber security, which will be increasingly crucial for all industries with the advent of the IoT era. We have made a limited partnership investment in a cyber security invest- ment fund and will continue to advance Groupwide efforts to build new businesses in this area.
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 21

Message from the CFO
  Kanematsu’s Unique Characteristics
Kanematsu’s unique characteristics include the stability of its revenue and finances.
Looking at revenue stability, our operating profit has grown each year since fiscal 2016. For fiscal 2019, we forecast operat- ing profit of ¥30 billion, 1.6 times the level of three years prior (Figure 1). Our revenue stability is supported by the following factors.
1. Operating Profit ≈ Profit Before Tax
Looking at income items, the share of profit and loss of invest- ments accounted for using the equity method, which have a low cash collection rate, contributes only a small portion of total income. Also, interest income is low, as we do not invest in natural resources or real estate, which are susceptible to price fluctuations. As a result, operating profit and profit before tax are usually almost the same (Figure 2). The Kanematsu Group is characterized by a revenue model in which operating profit very clearly drives growth in consolidat- ed net income.
2. Strong, Stable Earnings Base
By region, sales in Japan account for 83% of the Group’s over- all revenue. Our revenue structure is relatively insulated from
Ensuring that Kanematsu Appeals to Investors
Tetsuro Tsutano
Director, Senior Executive Officer, CFO
such factors as the recent trade wars and other geopolitical risks, and we have built a strong domestic earnings base on such excellent Group companies as Kanematsu Electronics Ltd. and Kanematsu Communications Ltd.
As for financial stability, as of March 31, 2018, our equity ratio stood at 22.3%, a fairly standard level. However, Kanematsu has the following unique characteristics.
1. Non-current assets < Shareholders’ equity
At the end of the previous fiscal year, our non-current assets, including goodwill, intangible assets, and investments accounted for using the equity method, stood at 0.91 times shareholders’ equity, illustrating the stability of our financial structure (Figure 3). As a result, our risk-asset ratio, the ratio of maximum possible losses to shareholder’s equity, was 0.4 times at March 31, 2018, a markedly sound level, even among trading companies.
2. Non-Consolidated Retained Earnings ≈
Consolidated Retained Earnings
Under the new medium-term vision, we are targeting a total payout ratio of 25%–30%. Kanematsu’s consolidated subsidiar- ies pay it dividends at high payout ratios. Using this consolidated revenue to increase its non-consolidated capital reserves,
 Figure 1. Operating Profit/Profit for the Year Attributable to Owners of the Parent/ROE
 (Billions of yen)
50
40
30
20
10
15
26.2
30.0
13~15
(%)
25
20 13~15 15
      10
22.6
25.0
10
5
     18.8
8
 16.3
16.5
  9.0
8.0
80
 00
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2024 (planned) (planned)
 Operating profit Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Parent ROE
22
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

 Kanematsu funds its dividend payments. As a result, the amount of increase in non-consolidated retained earnings and that in consolidated retained earnings are roughly the same (Figure 2). Kanematsu’s non-consolidated retained earnings as of March 31, 2018 were more than 10 times the amount of annual divi- dends paid, allowing a healthy amount of flexibility (Figure 3).
future 135—The New Medium-Term Vision
We launched our new medium-term vision, future 135, in the current fiscal year. Achieving the vision’s target of ¥25 billion in consolidated net income will require operating profit of approximately ¥45 billion. We expect to achieve about a third of the necessary increase in operating profit through business investment aimed at expanding the revenue base and increasing added value.
As for where we will make these business investments, our basic policy has not changed under the new medium-term vision. Specifically, we will invest mainly in our areas of strength, where we have insight and experience, and we will not invest in natural resource development or real estate, engage in investment in assets subject to rapid value fluctuations for the purpose of securing dividends or capital gains, or make equity- method investments solely for the purpose of securing a share of profit of investments accounted for using the equity method. We will make investments aimed at increasing trading revenue that we can incorporate into consolidated results.
The new medium-term vision covers the six years ending March 31, 2024. At the halfway point, after the first three years, we will review our strategy and policies. Depending on how far investment has progressed, we will consider implementing additional shareholder returns, including share buybacks.
Our Share Price
Kanematsu’s share price almost doubled between January 2017 (when it was ¥940*) and its high point in May 2018.
Our current share price (as of July 2018) is around ¥1,500 per share. The price-to-earnings ratio is only around eight times, but I think this is something of a bargain, given that (1) having with- drawn from natural resource and real estate investment, our
Figure 2. Consolidated Operating Profit/Profit before Tax/ Consolidated and Non-Consolidated Retained Earnings
annual revenues are stable, with little impairment risk, (2) our rev- enue structure, with its low portion of profits from investments accounted for using the equity method, makes it easy to return consolidated cash flows to shareholders, (3) we have selected cer- tain fields to focus on and are limiting business investments to areas where we have insight and experience, helping to limit risk (4) a large portion of our total revenue is from domestic business- es, providing insulation from the impact of trade wars and other geopolitical risks, and (5) we have a solid financial base, as evi- denced by our risk-asset ratio of 0.4 times.
*Theoretical value calculated taking the share consolidation into account
Reinforcing Shareholder-Focused Management
We have introduced a performance-linked stock compensation plan for directors effective from fiscal 2019. This move is aimed at more closely linking director compensation with corporate perfor- mance and stock price and better motivating directors to improve corporate performance and enterprise value over the medium term by having directors share with other shareholders the poten- tial benefits and risks of share price changes.
Kanematsu has been selected for inclusion in the JPX-Nikkei Index 400—which is regarded as an important market bench- mark—for four consecutive years beginning in fiscal 2014. Since fiscal 2017, we have also been selected as one of the 200 compa- nies included in the JPX-Nikkei Mid and Small Cap Index, which applies the same indicator concept as the Index 400, with a focus on companies that offer capital efficiency and investor-oriented management. ROE is one of the indicators that these indices use to select companies. As of March 31, 2018, Kanematsu’s ROE was quite high, at 15.1%, and, under the new medium-term vision, we aim to maintain a robust ROE of 13%–15%. Previously, we targeted a shareholder return ratio of 25%. Under the new vision, we have raised this target to 25%–30%, and we plan to promote management with a focus on capital efficiency.
Going forward, we will strive to maintain active communication with shareholders and investors and take their views into account as we work to ensure that Kanematsu continues to appeal to investors.
Figure 3. Non-Current Assets ÷ Shareholders’ Equity and Non-Consolidated Retained Earnings ÷ Annual Dividends
     (Billions of yen)
50
40
30 29.1 23.2
48.6
34.0
26.2 26.0
FY2018
443.6 346.6
1.06 times 20.6%
23.2
1.7 14 times
(Billions of yen)
479.7 519.9 371.3 414.7
26.9 21.9 27.2 26.9 34.1 38.0 20.2 18.4
1.08 times
20.9% 22.3%
(Billions of yen)
26.6 34.0
2.3 2.7 12 times
 March 31, 2016
March 31, 2017
March 31, 2018
        34.6 26.6
22.6
FY2017
Total assets Current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Goodwill and intangible assets
Other investments, etc.
Other 25.9
Non-current assets
97.0
        20
10
0
26.9 12.7 31.5
 18.8
18.1
17.9
      Shareholders’ equity
91.6
108.4
100.4
105.2
116.0
   FY2016
Non-current assets ÷ Shareholders’ equity
(Reference: equity ratio)
Non-consolidated retained earnings
Annual dividends paid
Retained earnings ÷ Annual dividends paid
0.91 times
    Operating profit
Retained earnings (consolidated) Retained earnings (non-consolidated)
Profit before tax
   KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 23
13 times
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Review of Operations
 Electronics & Devices
  Semiconductor Equipment
Electronic Components and Materials
Industrial Electronics
Semiconductors
Semiconductor/LCD Manufacturing Equipment
Semiconductor manufacturing and testing equipment; LCD manufacturing and testing equipment; OLED production equipment
Electronic Components
Amusement related products; Vehicle equipment; AV related products; Camera modules; Micro-lenses; System boards; Printed circuit boards and materials; RFID components and materials; Image sensors; Image sensor back-end processing
Semiconductors/LCD Materials
LED components; OLED materials; Solar cell components; Battery components; Metal materials for electronic and functional components; Surface treatment agents; Functional films; Board assembly; Finished EMS products; IoT solutions
Optical Device Materials
Components for display devices and optical devices
Industrial Printers
Industrial printers and related consumables
Livingwares
Batteries; Household supplies
Semiconductors
Semiconductor devices; Sensor devices;
LCD panels; Components for smartphones and tablets; Control modules for lithium ion batteries
ICT Solutions
Mobile
ICT and communications equipment and devices; ICT and communication services; System integration
Mobile communication terminals; Mobile internet system and services
                    Foods & Grain
  Foods
Meat and Marine Products
Grain, Food Soybeans, Oilseeds
Feedstuff
Processed fruits (frozen/canned); Concentrated fruit/ vegetable juices; Confectionery ingredients (couverture chocolate, cocoa powder, nuts, dry fruits, dairy products, etc.); Coffee; Teas; Alcoholic beverages (wine, etc.); Sugar; Honey; Sesame seeds; Peanuts; Pulses and peas; Nuts and seeds; Cooked foods; Others
Meat products: Beef; Pork; Chicken; Mutton/Lamb; Special poultry such as turkey and duck; Horse meat; Others
Marine products: Cephalopods (octopus, squid, etc.); Crustaceans (shrimp, etc.); Frozen fish; Seafood ingredients for sushi; Others
Rice; Wheat; Barley; Corn; Soybeans (for food, for oil); Defatted soya-flake for soy sauce production; Buckwheat; Corn grits; Corn starch; High-fructose corn syrup; Rapeseed; Cottonseed; Others
Feed grain (corn, milo, soybeans, etc.); Plant protein meal (soybean meal, rapeseed meal, etc.); Animal protein meal (Fish meal, etc.); Other by-products; Dairy products for feed (skim milk, whey powder); Roughage (baled hay, beet pulp pellets, etc.); Fish oil; Prebiotics (Laxel Force); Fertilizer; Others
Processed Agricultural Products
Pet Products and Groceries
Processed wheat (wheat flour, pasta, frozen bread dough, etc.); Cereal ingredients; Vegetable oil; Olive oil; Others
Pet food and snacks; Pet products; Tropical fish; Raw ingredients for pet food and snacks; Products wholesaled to DIY stores (home improvement retailers)
            24 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
s
e
c
i
v
e
D
&
s
c
i
n
o
r
t
c
e
l
E
n
i
a
r
G
&
s
d
o
o
F

 Steel
Foreign Trade of Iron and Steel
Export of various kinds of steel sheets, plates, bar products, and pipe and tubing products; Export of porcelain enamel steel sheets
Foreign Trade of Specialty Steel
Export and third-country trade of stainless steel sheets and plates, specialty ferrous wire materials, and bar products
Domestic and Foreign Trade of a Full Range of Steel Products Import and third-country trade of ferrous raw materials; Export and import of steel materials and sub- materials
Materials
Functional Chemicals
Incense materials; Lubricant-related materials; Fertilizer materials; Papermaking chemicals; Synthetic rubber; Petrochemical products
Healthcare
Functional food materials; Health supplements
Life Science
Pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical and agrichemical intermediates; Pharmaceutical ingredients
Crude Oil, Petroleum Products
Crude oil; Jet fuel oil; Gasoline; Kerosene; Diesel oil; Fuel oil (bunker A and C); Lubricant oil and additives for industrial and automobile use
LPG
LPG (propane, butane, autogas)
Development of Environment-Related Materials and New Technologies
Heat reflective paint; Carbon credit trading; Heat reflective paint; Carbon credit trading; Biomass fuel
Plants, Environmental Business
Chemical and petrochemical plants; Industrial plants (papermaking plants, auto-manufacturing plants and other plants); Utility and process systems for oil and gas plants; Infrastructure facilities; Scrap- processing facilities; Environmental facilities
Cargo Vessels
Shipbuilding; Used ships; Equipment package deals for new ships (including ship design, engineering)
Machine Tools and Industrial Machinery
Machine tools; Industrial machinery and peripheral equipment
Electric Power Cable Projects
Electric power and communication cable projects; Power generation plants (including design, engineering, installation)
ODA
ODA projects (medicine/pharmaceuticals, insurance, broadcasting and communications, power generation, environment, infrastructure, water supply, education)
Steel, Materials & Plant
                Plant & Ships
         Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
  Motor Vehicles and Parts
Motorcycle and automobile parts; Complete Built Up (CBU) vehicles; Construction & industrial machinery; Power products
Aerospace
Fixed-wing aircraft; Helicopters; Equipment and Components/Parts for aircraft & helicopters; Aircraft rotable parts; Small satellites; Space-related products, Small launch vehicles
Night vision goggles
    KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 25
S
t
e
e
l
,
M
a
t
e
r
i
a
l
s
&
P
l
a
n
t
M
o
t
o
r
V
e
h
i
c
l
e
s
&
A
e
r
o
s
p
a
c
e
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Electronics & Devices
  Our operations include the ICT solutions and the mobile businesses as well as value chains ranging from electronics-related materials to components and equipment. Using our wealth of electronics technol- ogy and know-how, we are advancing new initiatives in the IoT and AI fields and offering new value to contribute to society.
Masahiro Harada
Senior Executive Officer,
Chief Officer, Electronics & Devices Division
| Business Results and Forecasts
  FY2018
Revenue–external
¥263.3billion Segment profit
¥17.6billion
   FY2019 (Forecast)
Revenue–External
¥270.0billion Segment profit
¥17.5billion
    | Segment Profit (¥ billion)
Division Composition
The Electronics & Devices Division comprises four business areas: 1. electronic devices and materials, 2. semiconductor equipment and components, 3. ICT solutions, and 4. the mobile business. We are building supply chains and sales networks for these business areas in and outside Japan. In addition to our longstanding busi- nesses in electronic devices, mainly for consumer and automotive use, and hardware component and material value chains, we offer services to meet a wide range of customer needs, including in the cloud solutions, security equipment, and mobile communications businesses, which have been growing in recent years, as well as areas related to the Internet of Things (IoT).
External Environment and Strategies to Achieve future 135
Technological innovation in the ICT solutions business, mobile business and electronics industry is advancing rapidly, while globalized markets and flatter yield curves are becoming the norm. At the same time, tech giants wielding powerful IT platforms are increasingly dominating mar- kets. Hardware is being standardized, while the importance of soft- ware, including AI, and internet solutions is growing. As markets change, increasingly global customers are seeking fine-tuned services and total solutions.
Under VISION-130, thanks to M&A that has yielded effective syner- gies and judicious investments in major players within niche areas, we steadily expanded and secured added value. Furthermore, by spinning off highly specialized sections, we enhanced our flexibility and services sited near customer locations, leading to steady growth and greater earnings. We promoted omnidirectional support within the worldwide Group, achieving increased sales of equipment to rapidly expanding semiconductor and LCD businesses.
20.0
15.0
10.0 10.2 5.0
0
17.6 17.5
 14.3
• Semiconductor Equipment • Electronic Components and
Materials
• Industrial Electronics
• Semiconductors • ICT Solutions
• Mobile
    10.7
     26
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
FY2015 FY2016
FY2017 FY2018
FY2019 (Forecast)
In line with the goals of future 135, Kanematsu will continue to

   Group Company’s Comment
  Kanematsu Futuretech Solutions Corporation
Hiroshi Yamashina
President & CEO
Kanematsu Futuretech Solutions Corporation is a new company that began operations April 1, 2018. It was formed by splitting off part of Kanematsu Corporation, mainly sec- tions related to the electronic component and semiconductor businesses. Our ultimate mission is to offer optimized solutions to cus- tomers utilizing our core competencies in semiconductor products and technologies. These include organically combined solutions that consist of specifically designed and developed modules as well as a wide range of software, hardware, and services. Under our slogan, “Providing Solutions, Building your Future,” we are constantly bringing in new information and technology. Going for- ward, as a specialized technology trading company we will provide solutions to diverse needs that help customers accurately respond to innovations in technology—such as IoT and AI—and changes in industries and markets.
At our head office in Hatchobori, Tokyo, we have adopted a free address system—a first for the Kanematsu Group—and created a cafeteria-like lounge within the workspace, so that employees can work freely, wherever they like. By helping improve employee per- formance, we are fostering creativity in order to offer new solutions and create new busi- nesses.
   Free address workspace at the head office
pursue global M&A and investment in innovation in order to achieve business expansion. Meanwhile, we continue to work toward greater differentiation. Specifically, we are adding value through the supply of modules using electronics manufacturing services (EMS) and other ser- vices, including design and development; package solutions; and just-in- time supply backed by advanced warehouse functions. Furthermore, in ICT, we are reinforcing one-stop solutions and security services. Overseas, the Electronics & Devices Division continues to create support structures near customer sites in China, Southeast Asia, North and Central America, and elsewhere, as we work to establish global value chains. By actively incorporating such innovations as IoT, M2M, CASE,1 and MaaS2 technologies, we will offer business models with even great- er added value.
1. An abbreviation for four trends in the automotive industry: connected, autonomous, shared & services, and electric
2. Mobility as a service
Division Medium- and Long Term Vision
The Electronics & Devices Division has assumed a policy aimed at coordina- tion with the Group and growth. By pursuing business tie-ups, capital alli- ances, business acquisitions, and R&D investment, we will further develop and strengthen our current mainstay businesses to increase added value and aim for scale expansion. In the ICT business, we will further expand the systems business, streamline the service and support business, and enhance security functions while pursuing overseas development. In the mobile busi- ness, we will continue to seek to expand our business scale and improve service as we prepare for the market explosion that the coming adoption of 5G will bring. Furthermore, by combining our current businesses with AI, cloud service, cyber security, fintech, blockchain, and other cutting-edge technologies, we aim to create new business models, raise customer satis- faction, and achieve ongoing business development.
Strengths and Tasks to Address
Our ICT solutions and mobile businesses boast solid foundations within the industry and are generating stable profits. In the semiconductor equipment and components as well as the electronic devices and materials fields, we maintain expansive supply chains, handling items ranging from large LCD- related equipment to components and materials, as well as a robust cus- tomer base, allowing us to offer unique proposals and solutions. In our electronic devices business, we are working to develop globally in such areas as commercial printers, a niche market, and ID card projects. While these two business areas are small, they are growing steadily. We also offer such unique added value as industrial CMOS image sensors as well as com- ponent and module supply chains for the amusement market. Furthermore, in electronic materials, by providing just-in-time services, we are playing a crucial role in helping customers build their supply chains.
At the same time, we are facing a variety of challenges, such as rapid changes in Japan’s major electronics companies, changes in markets and their major players due to technological innovation, the saturation of PC markets, and the slowdown of smartphone markets.
Going forward, I believe that we can achieve further expansion by rallying overall Group strengths to advance new initiatives and create new businesses.
      KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 27
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Foods & Grain
   Committed to safe, secure food, this segment works to ensure stable supplies of a wide range of foods, including grains, raw oil and fat materials, animal feedstuff, marine products, and other high-value- added items, through an integrated supply system spanning raw material procurement to finished product processing.
Hiroyasu Hirasawa
Senior Executive Officer, Chief Officer,
Foods Division
Masayuki Hamasaki
Senior Executive Officer, Chief Officer, Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division
| Business Results and Forecasts
  FY2018
Revenue–external
¥231.3billion Segment profit
¥2.1billion
   FY2019 (Forecast)
Revenue–External
¥260.0billion Segment profit
¥4.0billion
     | Segment Profit (¥ billion)
Division Composition
As of April 1, 2016, to increase specialization, more effectively implement strategies, and strengthen customer relationships while reinforcing business development, the former Foods & Grain Division was split into the Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division, which handles such products as grain and animal feedstuff, and the Foods Division, which handles such products as processed foods and animal products. These two divisions provide a wide range of goods and services related to food for people and their pets, spanning everything from grain, agricultural products, meat and marine prod- ucts, ingredients for desserts, alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages, frozen foods, and processed foods to animal feedstuff and fertilizer.
External Environment and Strategies to Achieve future 135
Foods Division Under VISION-130, we positioned Asian food markets as our principal strategic business area, notably operating a restaurant man- agement business in Indonesia centered on a cooked foods factory that began operations in 2015. We built a value chain that extends from upstream to downstream areas. Looking at the external environment, in Japan, the food market faces long-term contraction, reflecting the low birth rate and a graying and declining population. Expanding Southeast Asian food markets, meanwhile, present the merits of growing popula- tions and peak demographic windows. To capture demand in these mar- kets, major food companies are aggressively expanding overseas. In this market environment, the Foods Division is working toward the goals of future 135 by expanding its earnings base through selection and concen- tration in the domestic market while strengthening Group company functions. In the meat product business, especially, Kanematsu is strengthening coordination with Group company Kanematsu Shintoa Foods Corp. to improve logistics, processing, and development functions in order to increase profit. Overseas, we are creating new businesses by applying know-how and business models cultivated in Japanese markets to expand horizontally into emerging markets, mainly in China and Southeast Asia, seeking business expansion.
5.0
4.0
3.0
2.0 1.0 0
3.4
4.0
FY2019 (Forecast)
   2.5
2.1
• Foods
• Meat and Marine Products
• Grain, Food Soybeans, Oilseeds
• Feedstuff
• Processed Agricultural Products • Pet Products and Groceries
     1.4
  FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
28 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

   Group Company’s Comment
  Kanematsu Agritec Co., Ltd.
Isamu Kato
President & CEO
Kanematsu Agritec Co., Ltd. was founded in November 1954 as a mixed fertilizer manufac- turer and began mixed animal feedstuff produc- tion and sales in December 1959. Ever since, we have worked to contribute to agriculture in Japan through the manufacture and sale of ani- mal feedstuff and fertilizers that are essential to the production of safe, reliable foods.
The Japanese government is working to increase national food self-sufficiency. However, agricultural producers face numerous difficulties, such as increased imports of cheap agricultural products due to the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and other trade agreements; fewer agricul- tural workers due to the graying of the popula- tion; and falling consumption due to population shrinkage. To address these difficulties, nation- wide efforts to strengthen Japan’s agriculture are under way.
While it is true that we produce safe, reli- able animal feedstuff and fertilizers for the pro- duction of made-in-Japan products that satisfy consumer preferences for safety, our operations are much broader. Our animal feedstuff depart- ments pursue feed development aimed at strengthening the cell walls of livestock and cre- ating meat brands, our fertilizer departments develop low-cost fertilizers, and in coordination with Kanematsu we undertake contract farming initiatives involving such products as rice for ani- mal feed and commercial use. Furthermore, we are developing technologies that use IoT to improve product handling and agricultural pro- ductivity. In all our efforts, we strive to leverage the Kanematsu Group’s overall strengths to ben- efit agricultural producers and agriculture in Japan as a whole.
Corn used as the primary ingredient for animal feedstuff handled by Kanematsu Agritec subsidiary Heisei Feed Manufacturing Co.
    Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division In line with the positioning of Asian food markets as our principal strategic business area under VISION-130, we have been investing in dairy producers and entered the dairy cow feed business in Vietnam. Looking at the external environment, as the global population increases, competition to secure food resources is intensifying. In domestic markets, industry reorganization is picking up steam. In this environment, to carry out its vision of contributing to agri- culture, the food supply, and the enjoyment of food around the world as well as to achieve the goals of future 135, the Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division is advancing the following businesses. Upstream, we are estab- lishing logistics bases in raw material producing regions to secure a stable supply of grain and feedstuff materials and promote sales in both domes- tic and overseas markets. Midstream, we are reinforcing the sales func- tions of Group companies to create frameworks to more quickly and precisely meet customer needs. Downstream, we are actively developing restaurant and other businesses, focusing mainly on the Be Smile Project, a “sixth industry” business entity. Furthermore, Kanematsu is leveraging its strengths in business development that crosses industry boundaries to accelerate business creation in the smart agriculture field, most notably in its business with the dairy farming IT start-up Farmnote.
Division Medium- and Long Term Vision
Foods Division We aim to evolve from mere trading operations by imple- menting internal reforms to emphasize specific functions and roles in order to build value chains. Moreover, we are actively implementing busi- ness investments and M&A in order to improve the functions of the Kanematsu Group in up-, mid-, and downstream roles. At the same time, we are steadily implementing growth strategies, astutely allocating man- agement resources to focus areas and targeted overseas markets. In addi- tion, we are working to actively develop the human resources who will make this implementation possible.
Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division We are helping Japan’s dairy and other farmers improve their productivity and competitiveness, aiming to achieve global business expansion alongside them. In terms of asset strategy, we are actively investing in logistics bases at production and consumption sites, working to ensure the stable supply of grain and feedstuff materials and expand sales channels in Japan and abroad. Furthermore, using value chains built through vertical integration, we aim to offer superior, highly differentiated services in such areas as pet-related businesses and food soybeans.
Strengths and Tasks to Address
Foods Division Kanematsu’s strengths lie in the firm relationships with busi- ness partners and customers that it has cultivated over the years as well as in its product manufacturing and development, which go beyond mere trading. At present, we face the urgent task of leveraging these strengths to horizon- tally expand and create new businesses. By optimizing roles within the Group to improve the responsiveness of sales divisions, we will improve the new business acceleration framework and achieve robust growth.
Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division From grain, food soybeans, oilseeds, feedstuff materials, fertilizer, and processed agricultural products to pet- related businesses, all of the Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division’s businesses boast differentiated products and provide added value, a Kanematsu hall- mark. These are the division’s strengths. In terms of scale, however, these businesses have considerable room for growth. Through collaboration and alliances with our partner companies, we will improve the functions of the Kanematsu Group at every stage of the value chain to expand business scale and provide useful products and services to even more customers.
          KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 29
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Steel, Materials & Plant
  This segment engages in operations covering the full range of iron and steel products, energy solutions, functional chemicals, and indus- trial plant and infrastructure facilities. While this segment handles a wide variety of operations, in each business area we boast highly specialized staff who uphold our commitment to supplying and developing high-value-added products.
Eiji Kan
Senior Executive Officer,
Chief Officer, Steel, Materials & Plant Division
| Business Results and Forecasts
  FY2018
Revenue–external
¥153.1billion Segment profit
¥3.9billion
   FY2019 (Forecast)
Revenue–External
¥160.0billion Segment profit
¥5.0billion
   • Steel
• Materials (Functional Chemicals and Energy) • Plant and Ships
 | Segment Profit (¥ billion)
8.0
6.0 6.3 4.0
2.0
0
FY2015 FY2016
3.9
FY2017 FY2018
5.0
FY2019 (Forecast)
Division Composition
The Steel, Materials & Plant Division was launched in April 2013, integrating three divisions that, until then, had operated indepen- dently. By gathering experts in the fields of steel, materials (cen- tered mainly on functional chemicals and energy), and plant to share information and insights, we believe that we can generate substantial synergies.
Businesses that span the fields of steel, materials and plant are already beginning to grow into pillars of profit. Such business- es include the oilfield tubing business and the specialty steel busi- ness for petrochemical plants, which supplies chimney desulfurization equipment and other products. At the same time, we are actively working to develop a new generation of business- es for the future.
External Environment and Strategies to Achieve future 135
During the four years of VISION-130, the external environment was far from easy for the Steel, Materials & Plant Division. The greatest headwind was the drop in oil prices. This drop significantly impacted not just the oilfield tubing business, but the energy business and businesses involved in supplying materials for the petrochemicals industry. However, oil prices have since rebounded and are now largely holding steady. As a result, the North American oilfield tubing business returned to profitability in fiscal 2018 and continues to perform better than planned. In this busi- ness, in 2014, we announced plans to build a second factory for Benoit Premium Threading, LLC, a Group company with a specialty in threaded connection machining and processing, but these plans were later put on hold because of the drop in oil prices. Since then, however, we have worked to improve profitability by such means as inventory improvement and logistics streamlining, and in 2017 we decided to build a new R&D center to develop and improve threaded connections. Going forward, we will strive to reinforce the supply system and steadily capture rapidly growing drilling demand, mainly in shale gas development. By doing so, we will once again expand the oilfield tubing business as a pillar of our steel business. In the domestic steel business, we will strive to provide
      3.4
2.8
   30 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

   Topics
  Solar Power Generation Business
Developing business centered on renewable energy sources, such as biomass and solar, is a key measure for the energy business. Recently, we decided to begin a solar power generation business, making use of the site of Kanematsu Yuso Co., Ltd.’s former Kobe oil depot. We plan to sell the power gener- ated by this business to electric power com- panies.
The basic characteristics of the new business are as follows.
• Site area: Approx. 20,000 m2
• Power output: Approx. 2,000 kW
• Power generation capacity: Approx. 2,000,000 kWh/year
(Enough to power about 550 households)
• Start of operations: Within fiscal 2019 (tentative)
Solar power generation is expected to become an even bigger presence going for- ward, bolstered by improvements in energy storage technology and the Japanese govern- ment’s plan to introduce net zero energy houses.
The importance of environmentally friendly, safe, and renewable energy is only growing. Kanematsu will use this business as a foothold to advance initiatives aimed at further reducing environmental impact and promoting sustainable global development.
  even greater added value, particularly in the steel processing business, which we have been working to expand.
In the chemicals business, general chemical product trading is grow- ing. This is a very broad field, but as we work to expand our business, we will not indiscriminately widen the range of products we handle; rather, we will focus on profitability and products that allow us to leverage our expertise. At the Groupwide level, performance in the life science field, including pharmaceuticals, remains strong. Under the broad theme of providing solutions to the challenges set by Japan’s low birth rate and graying society, we will further expand our sales network going forward.
In the energy business, while striving to expand trading of bunker oil, one of our key business areas, we have also begun initiatives related to biomass energy and other new products. Due to industry reorganization and other factors, conditions remain challenging for trading companies. However, by making maximum use of our existing businesses, such as tank operations, and keeping a careful eye on market prices, we expect to realize further growth going forward. In the current fiscal year, we plan to commence a solar power generation business using idle land in Kobe and will continue to aim for business expansion.
In the plant and ships business, trade in components for petrochemi- cal plants is growing, and we are seeing new business expansion in such areas as ODA projects and sales of equipment for ships. Going forward, we will focus efforts on securing more specialized human resources and collaborating with reliable partners as we strive to expand our areas of business by leveraging our accumulated know-how and networks.
Division Medium- and Long Term Vision
Under VISION-130, we positioned automobiles, the environment, and energy as our three key business areas, focusing mainly on overseas markets as we worked to expand our businesses. Going forward, we will continue working to maximize revenue by further developing exist- ing trading in these key business areas. At the same time, in the current fiscal year we are focusing as much effort as possible on business scale expansion, M&A aimed at enhancing functions that add value, business investment, and building alliances with business partners. By doing so, we will broaden the division’s range of businesses. From there, we will develop the new opportunities that arise at the edges of this range into businesses that will support the division in the future.
To accomplish all this, we will need to change front-line mindsets within the division. We will therefore aggressively invest in the necessary education and additional human resources. Furthermore, we will not focus solely on expanding revenue, but work to deepen initiatives in our longstanding environmental businesses with the aim of contributing to local communities.
Strengths and Tasks to Address
A full five years have passed since the current Steel, Materials & Plant Division was formed. The Kanematsu Group boasts strong relationships with broad-ranging trading and business partners as well as functions that add value, such as processing, inventory, and storage, in and out- side Japan. The sharing and common use of these Groupwide resources is leading to new business creation. Such cross-industry synergy was one of the Steel, Materials & Plant Division’s greatest initial goals and pur- poses, and remains one of its strengths. Going forward, we will focus on developing people who can steadily carry forward our expanding busi- nesses, working to build a foundation for the continued development of the division.
      KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 31
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
  This division comprises the motor vehicles and parts business, which handles motorcycle and automobile parts as well as completed built up vehicles, and the aerospace business, which handles aircraft and parts as well as space-related products. Leveraging its superb exper- tise and extensive information resources, the division operates these businesses on a global scale.
Yoshiya Miyabe
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer,
Chief Officer, Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Division
| Business Results and Forecasts
  FY2018
Revenue–external
¥54.5billion Segment profit
¥2.5billion
   FY2019 (Forecast)
Revenue–External
¥60.0billion Segment profit
¥2.5billion
   | Segment Profit (¥ billion)
Division Composition
The Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Division was formed in April 2013 as an integration and concentration of the highly competitive auto- mobile- and aerospace-related business units that previously exist- ed as part of the Electronics & IT, Iron & Steel, and Machinery & Plant divisions. By integrating and concentrating our motor vehicles businesses, for which global demand is expected to grow, we aim to connect the supply chains and customer bases of our motorcycle and automobile businesses and thereby strengthen our sales and sourcing capabilities. Also, bringing the aerospace-related business units into this division has facilitated the sharing of information about cutting-edge aerospace technologies that can be used in the motor vehicles and parts field, and synergies between the aero- space and automotive units are helping create new businesses.
Since the launch of this division, we have been improving our global frameworks to reinforce our roles and functions and better serve our customers and business partners while constantly making future-oriented investments to create new businesses.
External Environment and Strategies to Achieve future 135
Under VISION-130, we worked to enhance our global framework, rein- force logistics, and build quality management and testing functions in motorcycle and automobile businesses, thereby bolstering our roles and functions and reinforcing the earnings base. In the aircraft business, we received orders from the Japanese government for the Cessna Citation series made by Textron. We also reinforced our commercial aircraft parts business, which operates mainly in Europe and the United States. In the space business, we entered the rocket downrange operations and small launch vehicle businesses, broadening our earnings base.
Under future 135, in our motorcycle and automobile businesses, we will continue to work toward the realization of the VISION-130 strate- gies of creating new projects related to safety, the environment, and comfort; working with key business partners to build new businesses;
• Motor Vehicles and Parts • Aerospace
 4.0
3.0 3.0 2.6
2.0
1.0
0
2.5 2.5
          32
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
FY2015 FY2016
2.2
FY2017 FY2018
FY2019 (Forecast)

   TOPICS
  Promoting Sales of Special Mission Aircraft to Government Agencies
As a sales agency for U.S. aircraft maker Textron Aviation, Kanematsu is focusing efforts on sales of business jet-based special mission aircraft to the Japanese government.
In 2017, Kanematsu secured a sales contract with the Ministry of Defense and Japan Air Self-Defense Force for next- generation flight inspection aircraft. Under this contract, Kanematsu is undertaking a project to provide cutting-edge mid-sized Cessna Citation Latitude jets equipped with flight inspection systems manufactured by a Norwegian company, to be delivered in 2020. Flight inspection aircraft are used to inspect the air navigation facilities and the air traffic control facilities operated by the Japan Self-Defense Forces. Kanematsu has already successfully sold and delivered five Citation CJ4 small-sized jets for similar duties to the Japan Civil Aviation Bureau of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism. We regard our involvement in the sale and operational sup- port of aircraft used in the crucial job of pro- tecting air routes as important work that allows us to help bear the responsibility of contributing to Japan’s air safety.
Kanematsu will continue working to propose and sell special mission aircraft for a wide range of purposes, including flight inspection, aiming for further business expansion.
Cessna Citation Latitude
  and investing in cutting-edge technologies. In addition, in light of rapid technological innovation in the automotive industry, since 2017 we have stationed employees in Silicon Valley as part of efforts to gather infor- mation on the latest technologies and create new businesses. In the air- craft business, we are reinforcing the framework of our commercial aircraft part business and working toward expansion, with an eye to entering the Asian market outside Japan. Furthermore, we are working to expand sales of special mission aircraft to the Japanese government. In the space business, we are working to establish frameworks for micro satellite launch support, small launch vehicle services, and rocket com- ponent sales.
Division Medium- and Long Term Vision
Under future-135, we continue to pursue the four basic policies laid out under VISION-130: 1. maximize synergies resulting from reorganization, 2. improve and strengthen our global business structure, 3. maximize the role of logistics transactions, and 4. build new businesses besides the trading business.
In our motorcycle and automobile businesses, to prepare for the arrival of the CASE* era, we are considering such initiatives as collabora- tion with start-ups and investment in cutting-edge technologies in order to build new business models.
In the aircraft business, we will expand our businesses in the defense-related sector, which is expected to see market growth, as well as in commercial aircraft components. In the space business, in January 2017 we made a strategic investment in Vector, a small launch vehicle start-up in the United States; leveraging the expanded network provided by this investment, we are building a foundation for the space business, including satellite services.
* An abbreviation for four trends in the automotive industry: connected, autonomous, shared & services, and electric.
Strengths and Tasks to Address
Our greatest strength is the customer base and roster of business part- ners we have built up over the decades by doing business together. We have a network that includes industry-leading customers and partners, and we earn high marks for our excellent product and solution propos- als, which leverage our expertise and extensive informational resources gained through our businesses. In recent years, dealings between the aerospace and motor vehicles industries have broadened, expanding synergies. To take advantage of such changes and use them to create new businesses, we will aggressively make necessary investments while focusing on developing entrepreneurial human resources.
       KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 33
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Sustainability
 Our Approach to Sustainability
The Kanematsu Group has codified the entrepreneurial spirit of Kanematsu’s founder, Fusajiro Kanematsu, in its Corporate Principle. We engage in business in Japan and around the globe based on our mission of contributing to international society and economic development.
The challenges facing international society today, such as climate change and other increasingly serious social and environmental problems, are growing more diverse and complex. We believe that carrying out corporate activities proactively, with an awareness of these challenges and a sense of mission, serves to both help address such challenges and promote the growth of the Kanematsu Group.
With an eye toward cooperation and mutual development with our customers and business partners, we will continue to leverage the insight and know-how built up over Kanematsu’s long history to provide goods and services with added value. Through these corporate activities, we aim to achieve the sustained development of the global environment, society, economy, and of the Kanematsu Group.
Addressing the Five Key Issues
Initiatives to introduce ICT to livestock farming
Business in high-value-added
health foods for healthier living p37
Business activities
Social contribution activities, etc.
      Security business to guard against cyber attacks
p37
A
Responding to changes in market characteristics and location and changes in customer needs
Ensure health and safety through our corporate and social contribution activities to achieve mutual growth and development with local communities.
Increase management transparency, enhance appropriate oversight functions and systems, and promote sound corporate management to achieve sustained growth.
    Offering services closely tailored to local needs at mobile phone shops
B
Mutual development with local communities
D
Enhancing governance
 Sustainable coffee plantation- related initiatives p37
Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade
 Volunteering in areas affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake
p43 Supporting Amputee Soccer p43 e-Net Caravan activities p43
p42
  Enhancing the corporate governance system p44
Enhancing internal control and risk management systems
34 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
p46

 Determining Materiality
 The Kanematsu Group aims to take on social challenges based on a broad view of international society in order to create new markets and value. In this way we seek to contribute to the global environment, sustainable social development, and the growth of the Kanematsu Group.
At the start of the future 135 medium-term vision in fiscal 2019, we sought to determine which issues the Kanematsu Group should focus on in its corporate activities, taking into account international targets and standards— such as the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)—as well as stakeholder expectations, Kanematsu’s Corporate Principle, and importance to management. Through these efforts, we established five key issues (issues of high materiality).
 • Responding to changes in market characteristics and location and changes in customer needs
• Mutual development with local communities
• Consideration of the global environment
• Enhancing governance
• Promoting respect for human rights, human resource development, and diversity
       Meet the needs of people in many countries and regions by achieving the stable procurement and supply of goods and services to realize richer, comfortable living.
Forest conservation initiatives in Indonesia (REDD+)
Demonstration project to
increase effective EV range p37
Solar panel and converter supply business
Renewable energy power plant construction business
Business supplying high- efficiency industrial machinery employing low- carbon technologies
Business supplying heat reflective paint to combat global warming
Business selling biomass fuels to combat global warming
Aircraft rotable parts business/part-out business p38
Lumber preservation
treatment technology helping reduce global warming p38
Environmentally friendly ground improvement using wooden piles
Business in implementing switches to LP gas fuel
    C
Consideration of the global environment
E
Promoting respect for human rights, human resource development, and diversity
Respect human rights, build sustainable value chains, and contribute to employment in emerging counties in our global corporate activities. Maintain environments in which diverse human resources can exercise their individual- ity and abilities while promoting the development of every employee.
 Work to address environmental issues, including mitigating global warming and conserving biodiversity, through our corporate and social contribution activities.
 Development of mealworm- based feedstuff materials
p38
  Developing and utilizing global professionals in the IT industry
 p38 Promoting work-life balance p41
 Human resource development p39 initiatives
Activities to support the independence of persons with disabilities
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 35
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Working toward the Sustainable Development Goals
The sustainable development goals (SDGs) are a set of international goals for 2030 laid out in the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development adopted at the UN Sustainable Development Summit in September 2015. The SDGs consist of 17 goals and 169 targets for realizing a sustainable world. UN member countries are working toward the SDGs, carrying out efforts related to issues including poverty, hunger, energy, technological innovation, and climate change.
In line with its Code of Conduct, the Kanematsu Group is implementing initiatives toward the achievement of the SDGs through its corporate activities.
                          1. Origin of corporate activities
2. Fair transactions
3. Information management & disclosure
4. Respect for human rights
5. Consideration of the global environment
6. Social contribution
Kanematsu’s Code of Conduct
We became involved in corporate activities to serve our various stakeholders by providing socially valuable goods and services in accordance with the aim of our founder to realize a sustainable society.
Our corporate activities are conducted in compliance with laws and ordinances in Japan and abroad, international rules and practices, and internal rules as well as with social common sense.
Information is properly managed to protect personal information, customer information, and intellectual property and is disclosed in a timely and proper manner to establish mutual trust between Kanematsu and the community and maintain a high level of transparency.
We respect human rights and do not discriminate. Employee career development and capability development are actively supported. Diversity, personality, and character are respected so as to create a dynamic corporate culture.
We exercise sufficient consideration in our corporate activities to maintain a sound global environment for sustainable growth.
We are aware of the importance of our social responsibility as good corporate citizens, and proactively undertake social contribution activities. Employee activities to contribute to community development and to comfortable and safe living are supported.Environmental Initiatives
Kanematsu is engaged in environmental businesses in Japan and overseas that help protect and improve the global envi- ronment. The global Group also continuously works to improve its ISO 14001-based environmental management system. By effectively operating this system, the Group is reducing electricity and paper consumption, promoting comprehensive waste sorting and reduction, and helping to reduce CO2 emissions. Through these efforts, the Group strives to contribute to the creation of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society.
For more details, please refer to Kanematsu’s Environmental Report.
http://www.kanematsu.co.jp/en/csr/environment/environmental_report.html
  36 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

A Business in High-Value-Added Health Foods for Healthier Living
Kanematsu Chemicals Corp. and its subsidiary Kanematsu Wellness Corp. are helping to improve end-users’ quality of life through the import and export of high-value-added health food ingredients as well as domestic trading operations spanning from procurement to the supply and marketing of such goods.
For example, in Japan today, as the population grays, locomo- tive syndrome due to loss of muscle mass (sarcopenia) as well as weakness, declines in immune strength, and changes in the gut environment associated with frailty are becoming increasingly major problems. Helping to support the health of seniors against such issues, Kanematsu sells the ingredient HMB and functional milk products.
HMB helps to both prevent muscle loss and build new muscle. Because of this, it is useful in preventing sarcopenia and thus loco- motive syndrome in elderly individuals and in preventing muscle mass loss due to dieting.
Furthermore, functional milk products, created by applying the beneficial properties of breast milk, contain immunoglobulin G and physiologically active substances (nutrients) that are thought to help improve the balance of beneficial bacteria in the gut and return the body to a normal, healthy state. Recently, our products for pets have been adopted by veterinary clinics, helping to support pet health.
Going forward, we will continue to produce products and ingredients that help users live life to the fullest.

A
Kanematsu Electronics Ltd. has entered a capital and business tie-up with GLOBAL SECURITY EXPERTS Inc., a specialized secu- rity vendor that provides security consulting and systematic train- ing services.
In the information security market, demand related to laws, regulations, and compliance requirements is forecast to expand from 2018. Furthermore, as Japan prepares to host major events, namely the 2019 Rugby World Cup and 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics, numerous cyber attacks are expected in the coming three years.
In May 2018, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry encouraged the addition of items concerning cyber security to Japan’s Corporate Governance Code, to which listed companies are subject. With cyber attacks thus coming to the forefront as a serious management risk, countermeasures to such attacks are increasingly being seen as an essential factor in investment deci- sions.
Going forward, we will promote cyber security measures for corporate customers and support the strengthening of their cor- porate governance.

Sustainable Coffee Plantation-Related Initiatives
Rainforest Alliance is an NGO known around that world that sets exacting standards for environmental, social, and economic sus- tainability and promotes sustainability both in terms of the glob- al environment and within local communities. Since 2003, Kanematsu has been trading with Daterra Coffee of Brazil, the only coffee producer in the world that clears the Rainforest Alliance’s strictest standards, on an ongoing basis; 2018 marked 15 years of doing business together.
The Japanese market consumes more coffee produced by Daterra than any other. Kanematsu trades with beverage makers who deeply sympathize with Daterra’s operating principles and vision on an ongoing basis.
Environmental and local community sustainability in produc- ing regions can only be achieved with the support of sustainable
consumption in consuming regions.
Kanematsu will continue to
provide a bridge between producers and consumers, helping to spread environmentally friendly coffee.

C Demonstration Project to Increase Effective EV Range
In Northern California, in the United States, Kanematsu is working with Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. and Nissan North America, Inc. on a demonstration project commissioned by the New Energy Industrial Technology and Development Organization (NEDO) aimed at expanding the effective range of electric vehicles (EVs).
This demonstration project is being implemented in coopera- tion with the government of California and EVgo Services LLC, a U.S. EV charging infrastructure operator. Under the project, 55 rapid chargers have been installed at 25 locations in the northern part of the state, and real-time information services are being pro- vided to EV drivers while various data about EV usage patterns are collected, analyzed and studied. The project is expected to help improve the usability of EVs and promote their adoption.
Through projects like this, we will continue to work toward the creation of a low-carbon society while preventing air pollu- tion and reducing global warming.

Kanematsu Sustech Corporation’s lumber preservation treatment is an advanced technology that prevents damage to wood, such as that caused by rot or termites, and improves the durability of lum- ber while maintaining its desirable qualities. This preservation treat- ment is used mainly for structural and exterior components of housing and other buildings, solidly supporting the literal founda- tions of people’s lives over the long term. Because the treatment increases the durability of wood, the carbon contained therein stays fixed longer, helping to reduce global warming.
Due in part to the Act for Promotion of Use of Wood in Public Buildings, in recent years the use of wood in the construction of public and other buildings has been steadily expanding, bringing new attention to lumber preservation treatment technology. One notable example is the great quantity of wood being used in the New National Stadium and other facilities being built for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics, much of which is being treated with Kanematsu Sustech’s proprietary preservation technologies.
Going forward, we will continue to support society using our technologies, putting our best into even the parts that are not visible.

KG Aircraft Rotables Co., Ltd. (headquartered in Dublin, Ireland; “KGAR”) operates a rotable parts business, in which it maintains an inventory of components so that maintenance and airline companies do not have to. When a problem with a component of a customer’s aircraft arises, KGAR quickly delivers the neces- sary replacement from its inventory. The problem component is then sent to KGAR, where it is repaired and kept as stock for the next customer who may need it. With more than 10,000 com- ponents stocked at warehouses in Ireland and the United Kingdom, KGAR boasts a clientele of more than 200 companies, mainly in Europe and North America. In 2014, KGAR also entered the part-out business, in which it purchases used aircraft and disassembles them to sell the components.
Through these businesses, a great many aircraft parts are being reused, rather than scrapped. By further expanding the aircraft rotable parts business and part-out business, we will continue to contribute to the reuse of natural resources and preservation of the environment.

Shintoa Corp. is working to spread the use mealworm feedstuff mate- rials developed jointly with Ehime University in an effort to increase the use of insect-derived fishmeal alternatives that meet the Aquaculture Stewardship Council’s ecolabel standards for farmed fish.
Fishmeal made by drying and pulverizing anchovies and other fish is commonly used as feedstuff for fish farms. However, due in part to fishing regulations aimed at conserving resources and stabiliz- ing prices, annual fishmeal production has been falling, and supply stability has become a concern.
As a feedstuff material, mealworms are excellent in terms of safety, fish preference, and nutritional value and are expected to see expanding use as an alternative to fishmeal.
Going forward, we will continue working to help aquaculture operators develop their businesses while contributing to sustainability.

Kanematsu Electronics Ltd. (KEL) operates a training business using facilities in Okinawa aimed at developing and utilizing global profes- sionals in the IT industry. Through this business, KEL is working to develop and provide human resources to operate and maintain its customers’ systems. As part of these efforts, since 2010, we have partnered with Knowledge Edge Co., Ltd., which offers its proprietary Professional Intern Program (PIP) for recruiting, developing, and utiliz- ing excellent specialist human resources. This partnership is aimed at developing global professionals who can meet customer needs.
The PIP program recruits outstanding students from prestigious universities in China, Thailand, and elsewhere for a Japanese language and IT education course lasting approximately a year. The first half of the program is conducted in the students’ home countries. During the second half, students live in dormitories at the Asia IT Training Center in Okinawa while learning not just Japanese language and IT skills, but also about Japanese culture and customs. KEL’s highly experienced engineers and salespeople assist in this training.
Many graduates of the program are now employed with KEL customers in Hamamatsu,
Yokohama, Bangkok, Shanghai,
Guanzhou, and Dalian. These
employees have been evaluated favorably as being highly capa- ble with a low separation rate.
We will continue to develop outstanding IT and business human resources to meet cus- tomer needs.
E
     38 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

uman Resource Development Initiatives
Human resources are a vital asset for Kanematsu, and retaining and training human resources is important for the Company’s growth. Kanematsu maintains systems to promote work-life balance, including child care support and family care support systems, seeking to create workplaces that are comfortable and rewarding for employees. Furthermore, we focus considerable effort on human resource development, an indispensable part of Kanematsu’s growth.
Comment from the General Manager of the Human Resources & General Affairs Department
Human resources are Kanematsu’s most valuable assets. As such, future 135 includes priority initiatives related to human resources. To ensure that employees find their work rewarding and, as a result, perform better, we must enhance our human resource development pro- grams and create environments where everyone can work with safety and confidence.
Our development programs include level-specific training, practical skills training, for- eign language training, training in business plan formulation, and overseas on-the-job train- ing for young career-track employees. Furthermore, in fiscal 2017, we began training aimed at developing executive management personnel, beginning with general manager-level employees and gradually expanding to other levels. In addition, we are strengthening train- ing and education for local staff at our overseas sites. By organically combining multiple sys- tems, such as those for personnel rotation and evaluation, we aim to develop true global professionals. Furthermore, by putting into practical use measures to improve employee sat- isfaction, we aim to create more comfortable, productive workplaces.
   Takashi Nambu
General Manager, Human Resources & General Affairs Department
     Training in Business Plan Formulation
Kanematsu aims to improve corporate value by further devel- oping areas of strength, making new investments for business creation, and taking on other new challenges. To this end, we have created training courses covering business plan formula- tion to impart the skills necessary for drafting road maps to the creation and successful launch of new businesses.
Business Plan Formulation Trainee’s Perspective
The training comprised two parts. First, we learned the basic skills necessary for creating busi- ness plans using instructional texts. Then, we worked in groups to actually formulate business plans related to a set theme. The training was a great opportunity to systematically learn and put into practice a wide range of knowledge.
In the group portion, through repeated discussion and evalua-
tion with groupmates from other departments and Group companies, I learned a variety of ways of seeing and thinking about things. I also had a chance to research the businesses and materials handled by Kanematsu and Group companies, which gave me a better idea of what the Kanematsu Group as a whole does. I think that this training was thus extremely meaningful.
I will challenge myself to apply the things I learned to my ordinary work, aiming to bring out my imagination and ingenuity.
Overseas Dispatch Training System
Kanematsu operates an overseas training system for employees in their first five years with the Company. Participants are dis- patched to overseas subsidiaries, representative offices, and business corporations to experience local life- and workstyles for around six months. This system exposes employees to diverse values and provides the experiences, insights, and knowledge that members of a globally operating trading company need.
Overseas Dispatch Training System Trainee’s Perspective
My regular division handles the sale of industrial inkjet printers made by Japanese manufacturers. Specifically, we set up sales agen- cies in regions around the world, including North America, Europe, and Asia, and work closely with them to consider how to develop markets and then put our conclu- sions into action. My main mis- sion during my overseas dispatch training in Dusseldorf, Germany, was to establish a new sales agen-
cy, from the preparation of the printing media onward, that would specialize in a particular market in order to achieve dif- ferentiation from competing products within said market. Things frequently went differently than we had projected, and we were constantly correcting course. I learned that doing so while quickly and consistently implementing the PDCA cycle is an important part of moving business forward. Also, I real- ized that dealing with customers on site, as opposed to com- municating from Japan, completely changes the timescale of business and the intensity of communication, which I feel was an extremely valuable lesson.
         Kyoko Yasuoka
Functional Chemicals Department, Functional Chemicals Section No. 2
Tatsuro Yano
Industrial Electronics Department, Section 1
   KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 39
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
  Executive Management Training
Kanematsu created a new executive management training sys- tem in fiscal 2017 to foster the skills to operate businesses and organizations from an executive management perspective. Specifically, the targets of this training are to (1) foster strategy formulation and human resource management abilities and (2) acquire the basic knowledge necessary to an executive manag-
Diversity
Promoting Greater Professional Success for Women
Action Plan to Help Women Excel
er. In the first year, we implemented this training for general manager-level employees. From fiscal 2018, we are gradually expanding this training to the division manager level and below, planning to eventually include employees who are in approximately their 10th year with the Company.
  In line with its efforts to raise its enterprise value, Kanematsu aims to utilize diverse human resources, allocating them where they can be most effective and allowing individuals to make the most of their abilities. To help women excel in the Company, we have formulated the action plan outlined below.
Action Plan for Helping Women Excel (Outline) Plan duration: April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2019
In fiscal 2017, we adopted new systems aimed at helping women succeed professionally.
1. A system to allow non-career-track employees to take division manager or assistant manager positions
2. A system for rehiring employees who left the Company to accompany a spouse who was transferred to another location
Female career-track employees 51 55 54 56 54 Responsibility band 3 16 21 22 22 22
* Work location is determined according to the Company’s needs and not restricted to any specific area. These employees eventually move into core operations.
 Issues the Company Faces
1. Although Kanematsu hires a certain number of women every year, the proportion of women in core operations and management positions is low.
2. The Company’s retention rate for female employees is lower than that for male employees.
Targets
1. Increase the number of women working in core operations.
Within job class II, which comprises the main part of employees working in core operations, as of March 31, 2016 increase the number of employees in assistant section manager-level positions by about 1.5 times from the present 17 to 25.
2. Create an employment environment that makes it easier for women to continue working to improve the retention rate.
     FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
      Perspective of a Female Employee Working Overseas
As general manager of the Advanced Materials Department at Kanematsu Taiwan Corporation, I work with the dozen or so employees in my department to maintain and expand our exist- ing businesses related to printed circuit boards while striving to develop new businesses. Kanematsu Taiwan Corporation is now 66 years old and is known within the electronics industry as a trading company with a long history. While striving to exert an even greater presence in the market, we are working hard to find ways to effectively communicate the advantages of a trading company to customers.
Printed circuit boards, which my depart- ment handles, are an essential basic component of all electronics. Taiwan’s circuit board industry is directly linked to the global electronics indus- try; by watching the product shipments of circuit board manufacturers, it is possible to infer with considerable precision the trends of the elec- tronics industry. Our network spanning Taiwan, China, and Japan is strong, and the overseas electronics divisions are working together, in
line with the policy of the division at Kanematsu, to help secure added value, expand the earnings base, and enhance quality.
Many people think that Japanese compa- nies seldom offer opportunities to women, but Kanematsu has given me opportunities. Some might imagine that it would be difficult for a woman to work as a general manager, but there are many upsides; business partners remember me more easily, and it sometimes makes negotiations easier. I think that the most important thing in business is to get the other party to open up and trust you. To that end, I strive to enhance both my softness and strength, which I think together constitute a kind of power unique to women.
I have only been with Kanematsu a short while, but I have had the chance to meet many people, and I feel that it is a rewarding place to work. I hope to bring an even more positive attitude going forward to work enjoyably with my colleagues and business partners.
   Iver Wang
General Manager,
Advanced Materials Department Kanematsu Taiwan Corporation
 40 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

 Global Professionals
Global Staff Perspective
    Pham Gia Kieu Tien
Grain and Feedstuff Department, Forage and Dairy Products Section
Work-Life Balance
After two years in trading operations at Kanematsu Vietnam Co., Ltd., I am now working in sales of animal feed for overseas dairy farming at Kanematsu in Japan. Although I was born in Vietnam, I moved to Japan as a small child, and I consider myself to have two home countries. I hope to com- municate the good things about Japan to Vietnam and be a bridge between the two nations.
Through my work, I am very fortunate to have the chance to interact with people from
around the world, visit their countries, and discover new perspectives. I also find it rewarding to be able to provide safe, reliable products to the market, and I strive to con- tribute to society in my own capacity.
I think that who you work with is more important than what your work is, and I have been very fortunate to encounter wonderful people, leading to my work at the Kanematsu Group. Going forward, I will con- tinue striving to radiate positivity, so that others will be eager to work with me, too.
   Kanematsu is proactively committed to ensuring a good work-life balance and discourages long working hours in order to foster a healthy workforce. We have been improving the working environment so that employees can treasure the time they spend with their
families as well as the time spent on hobbies and participating in
Child Care Support
In addition to comprehensive maternity and childcare leave arrange- ments, we allow mothers to work short hours and flexi-time after taking leave for pregnancy or child care reasons, so they can contin- ue to raise growing children after rejoining the workforce.
Many mothers take childcare leave, and when they return to work, they generally go back to the divisions in which they worked before. These measures have been taken to create a pleasant working environment.
Bronze Week
Since fiscal 2016, Kanematsu has maintained a “Bronze Week” sys- tem for systematically encouraging the use of annual paid vacation days. This is intended to make it easier for employees to take off the time they are entitled to, improve work-life balance, and create workplaces that are comfortable and rewarding. As shown in the graph at left, the rate of annual vacation days used in fiscal 2017 was 66.7%, a full 7.0 points higher than fiscal 2015, before the system was introduced. Among non-managerial employees, the rate was 70.4%, above the system’s target of 70%.
Going forward, we plan to implement a “My Weekend” sys- tem to encourage employees to take Mondays or Fridays off to create three-day weekends. Through such efforts, including those aimed at increasing the usage of time off among managerial staff, we aim to create even more comfortable workplaces.
social activities.
Number of Employees Taking Childcare Leave
17* 14 18 * Includes two male employees FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
  Annual Vacation Usage Rate
80
70
60 58.8% 60.4% 59.7% 50
(%)
  Introduction of the Bronze Week system to promote the use of paid vacation
     FY2014 FY2015
FY2016
65.6%
FY2017
66.7%
FY2018Bronze Week System Outline
• Makes it easier to take off a bridge day between two ordinary days off or the day before or after a three-day weekend, effectively extending the number of consecutive days off for the individual to four or more.
• The system is designed to allow employees to choose their own days off. At the start of the fiscal year, each section designates at least four days in the year as candidate days for paid vacation, and each individual then chooses at least two of these to take off.
• Applies to all employees in principle, excluding those on dispatch within Japan, stationed overseas, or on leave.
• The system, which encourages the use of paid annual vacation, especially multiple consecutive days off, is named “Bronze Week” in reference to the yearly clusters of public holidays in Japan popularly known as “Golden Week” and “Silver Week.”
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 41

Social Contribution
 The Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade
The Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade was established in 1940 with the purpose of contributing to economic development through support and funding for research into trade and international economics. The Foundation is jointly operated by the Research Institute for Economics and Business Administration of Kobe University and Kanematsu.
In 1993, the Kanematsu Fellowship—a Kanematsu post- graduate research scholarship—was jointly established by the Research Institute for Economics and Business Administration of Kobe University, the Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade, and Kanematsu Corporation. Every year, graduate students are invited to submit their dissertations to apply for the fellowship. The Kanematsu Fellowship thus pro- vides graduate students in the fields of economics, manage- ment, and accounting across Japan with opportunities to win a research fellowship and to present their research.
Kanematsu will continue to support research in the fields
of economics, management, and accounting through the Kanematsu Fellowship.
 42 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
  Volunteering in Areas Affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake
 After the March 2011 Great East Japan Earthquake, the Kanematsu Group donated money and supplies to affected areas. Since September of the same year, the Group has pro- vided ongoing support for Rikuzentakata, Iwate, through its own volunteer program. In addition to a volunteer leave sys- tem, Kanematsu has a system to support employees volunteer- ing in disaster-affected areas that includes reimbursement of transportation and accommodation expenses for employees participating in the Company’s volunteer program. Going for- ward, Kanematsu will continue to provide support in line with the needs of the area and local residents in order to assist in the city’s recovery and development.
Supporting Amputee Football
In fiscal 2018, Kanematsu began supporting the Japan Amputee Football Association, one of seven disabled soccer organizations in Japan.* In April 2018, Kanematsu invited Sérgio Echigo, the association’s supreme advisor, to speak at a kick-off event for this support. Talks at the event covered a wide range of impor- tant topics, including an explanation of amputee soccer, cultural differences between countries, the importance of community, and how able-bodied people should regard people with disabili- ties. Through its support for the sport, Kanematsu aims to con- tribute to society as a good corporate citizen.
* Amputee football is a type of soccer with seven players per team for people with upper or lower extremity amputations. Because the sport requires no special equipment and can be played using ordinary crutches, it is a highly accessible form of disabled soccer.
e-Net Caravan Activities
Kanematsu Communications Ltd. understands that, in addition to selling mobile phones, it has the important duty of promoting the safe use of such devices. Accordingly, we take part in e-Net Caravan activities, aiming for mutual development with local communities.
e-Net Caravan is a nationwide initiative being advanced by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications and the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology targeting elementary through high school students as well as their parents and teachers to raise awareness and provide guid- ance regarding safe internet use. As part of the program, Kanematsu Communications dispatches certified instructors to schools around Japan to conduct special lessons. In June 2018, these instructors conducted e-Net Caravan lessons at junior high schools in Rikuzentakata as part of Group volunteer activities.
Also in June 2018, the National Association of Mobile-phone Distributors, of which Kanematsu Communications president Takashi Kikuchi is a board member, received the 2018 Info- Communications Promotion Month Minister of Internal Affairs and Communications Prize. This prize was given in recognition of the association’s significant contributions to the protection of consumer interests in the electronic communications field through such efforts as its work to create frameworks to enable mobile phone users to enter contracts and seek information with confidence as well as its active cooperation in dispatching instructors to hold awareness-raising classes to improve the information literacy and moral understanding of youth.
Activities
• Lessons held: Fiscal 2017 55 schools
Fiscal 2018 76 schools (as of July; includes
classes scheduled but not yet held) • Certified instructors: 209 (as of July 1, 2018)
All of the above are among the highest within the National Association of Mobile-phone Distributors (Full members: 150 companies; Associate members: 393 companies; Supporting members: 8 companies)
         e-Net Caravan at a junior high school in Rikuzentakata, Iwate
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 43

Corporate GovernanceOur Basic Stance on Corporate Governance
Kanematsu’s founder himself put down the words “Let us sow and nurture the seeds of global prosperity.” The Kanematsu Group recognizes the pioneering spirit fostered by our predecessors along with the wise use of our creative imagination and ingenuity, fulfilling our corporate social responsibilities through sound, flourishing businesses, and adherence to Company rules as key parts of its Corporate Principle. We operate in accordance with this principle and our Code of Conduct, striving to carry out corporate activities to serve our various stakeholders and help realize a sustainable society by providing socially valuable goods and services.
To this end, Kanematsu endeavors to strengthen corporate governance to increase the transparency of management and create a more equitable, efficient, and sound company. We work to improve corporate governance with the aim of increasing our enterprise value and winning the support of all our stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, busi- ness partners, and employees.System of Corporate Governance
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors is made up of eight directors. The Board decides on matters required of it as set out in law and Kanematsu’s Articles of Incorporation as well as business policies and other important matters and oversees business execution by directors. Three of the eight directors are outside directors to ensure that the Board conducts appropriate decision making and to further reinforce the supervision of business execution. In principle, the Board of Directors meets once a month, with
Advisory Bodies
To reinforce the objectivity, independence, and accountability of the Board of Directors, Kanematsu has established a Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee as advisory bodies under the Board of Directors.
• Nominating Committee: Comprises the president as commit- tee chair and the three outside directors. The committee pro- vides advice and recommendations to the Board of Directors based on deliberations regarding such matters as proposals for the General Meeting of Shareholders related to the appointment
Corporate Governance Structure
additional meetings held as necessary. Directors are appointed to the Board for one-year terms to allow the Board to respond appropriately to changes in the business environment.
Kanematsu has adopted an executive officer system to improve the flexibility of business execution, speed up manage- ment decision making, and further clarify roles and responsibili- ties through the separation of supervisory and executive functions.
and dismissal of directors and the necessary policy, rules, and
procedures for reaching related resolutions.
• Compensation Committee: Comprises the president as com-
mittee chair and the three outside directors. The committee pro- vides advice and recommendations to the Board of Directors based on deliberations regarding such matters as policy regard- ing the setting of compensation levels and types for individual directors and executive officers as well as the necessary policy, rules, and procedures for reaching related resolutions.
   44 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
General Meeting of Shareholders
Appointment/ Dismissal
  Audit & Supervisory BoardFour Audit & Supervisory Board Members (including three outside members)
Consultation Advice/Suggestions
Appointment/Dismissal
Appointment/Dismissal/ Supervision
Audit
Appointment/Dismissal
Audit
Board of Directors
  Eight directors (including three outside directors)
Collaboration
Accounting audit
CollaborationNominating CommitteeCompensation Committee
  President
Management Committee
Collaboration
Internal controls
     Internal Control and Compliance Committee
Internal Auditing Department
 Project Deliberation Committee
   CSR Committee
 Marketing Area/Support Area, Domestic and Overseas Offices
Accounting Auditor
(As of June 22, 2018)
   Management Committee
To facilitate rapid decision making and flexible management, Kanematsu has set up a Management Committee composed of executive officers, including the president. In principle, the Committee meets at least twice a month. The Committee establishes basic policies for Companywide general business
Project Deliberation Committee
The Project Deliberation Committee was established to enhance debate and speed up decision making on important projects. The Committee considers and discusses matters from a Companywide perspective and submits recommendations to
Audit & Supervisory Board
The Audit & Supervisory Board acts as an independent organ to audit directors’ performance of their duties. Specifically, the four Audit & Supervisory Board members, including three out- side members, receive reports from directors and employees on
execution in accordance with basic policies determined by the Board of Directors and provides instruction and guidance on the execution of business. The Management Committee is also attended by the outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members.
the designated decision makers for each item before the deci- sion must be made. In principle, the Committee meets at least twice a month.
the performance of their duties as required, and attend meet- ings of the Board of Directors, Management Committee, Project Deliberation Committee, Internal Control and Compliance Committee, and other important meetings.
   Reasons for Selection of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
     Outside Directors
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
Yutaka Hirai
Name
Seiichi Katayama
Tsutomu Yajima
Sohei Ogawa
Yonosuke Yamada
Tsukasa Miyachi
Reasons for selection
So that he can utilize his wide-ranging insight and many years of business experience, including that as representative director and executive vice presi- dent of Daifuku Co., Ltd., and wide-ranging insight in Kanematsu’s manage- ment and provide management oversight.
So that he can utilize the wide-ranging knowledge and insight regarding corporate management as well as expertise amassed as a professor of economics—albeit with no direct experience in management other than
as an outside director—in Kanematsu’s management and provide manage- ment oversight.
So that he can provide advice to management and appropriate oversight of business execution based on his sophisticated insight and wealth of experi- ence in corporate management, including as a managing executive officer of JFE Steel Corporation and president and CEO of JFE Shoji Trade Corporation.
So that he can audit Kanematsu based on his abundant experience in the internal management of financial institutions and wide-ranging insight.
So that he can audit Kanematsu based on his expert insight and experience as a lawyer.
So that he can audit Kanematsu based on his expert knowledge and experi- ence as a certified public accountant.
Fiscal 2017 attendance
22 of 22 Board of Directors meetings
22 of 22 Board of Directors meetings
17 of 17 Board of Directors meetings
 22 of 22 Board of Directors meetings
14 of 14 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
21 of 22 Board of Directors meetings
14 of 14 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
22 of 22 Board of Directors meetings
14 of 14 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
           * Because Mr. Yajima was appointed at the June 23, 2017 General Meeting of Shareholders, the number of meetings of the Board of Directors that he was eligible to attend differs from that for the other outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members.
Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Compensation
Breakdown of Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Compensation
220 178 — 41 — 6
26 26 — — — 1
60 60 — — — 6
1 By resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders, the total annual compensation for directors is capped at ¥300,000,000 (of which, the total annual com- pensation for outside directors is capped at ¥30,000,000), and the total annual compensation for Audit & Supervisory Board members is capped at ¥84,000,000 (per resolution of the June 24, 2015 General Meeting of Shareholders).
2 The above table includes one director who retired as of the conclusion of the June 23, 2017 General Meeting of Shareholders.
     Total compensation (millions of yen)
Total compensation by type (millions of yen)
Number of individuals receiving compensation
    Directors (excluding outside directors)
Basic compensation
Stock options
Bonuses
Retirement benefits
    Audit & Supervisory Board members (excluding outside members)
 Outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members
         KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 45
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

  Performance-Linked Compensation Plan
To clarify directors’ management responsibilities and enhance their incentives to improve corporate performance, Kanematsu has adopted a performance-linked compensation plan.
Furthermore, the May 9, 2018 Board of Directors meeting and June 22, 2018 General Meeting of Shareholders passed resolutions to introduce a performance-linked stock compensa- tion plan employing a trust for Kanematsu’s directors (exclud- ing outside directors). The Company also decided to implement
Internal Auditing
a similar performance-linked stock compensation plan for its executive officers. The new plan is aimed at more closely link- ing director compensation with corporate performance and stock price and better motivating directors to improve corpo- rate performance and enterprise value over the medium term by having directors share with other shareholders the potential benefits and risks of share price changes.
 To ensure that proper accounting records are kept and to monitor appropriate business execution, Kanematsu has established auditing rules, in accordance with which the Internal Auditing Department conducts internal audits of all divisions and consolidat- ed subsidiaries.
Internal Control System and Risk Management System
  Maintaining the Internal Control System
To comprehensively assess risks facing the Kanematsu Group, to comply with laws and regulations relating to operational effectiveness and efficiency and business activities, to protect its assets, and to ensure the reliability of its financial reporting, the Kanematsu Group has built an internal control system. To operate this system effectively and efficiently, we have also
Compliance
In light of the importance of corporate legal compliance, we have set up internal control systems for the Company and the Group as well as an Internal Control and Compliance Committee to implement said systems, seeking to strengthen our internal compliance system. In addition to preparing a Compliance
Diagram of the Kanematsu Group Compliance System
established the Internal Control and Compliance Committee. We develop, operate, assess, and improve internal controls related to financial reporting to ensure the correctness of the Group’s reporting in line with the internal control reporting sys- tems defined in the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law.
Handbook that covers all Group companies, we work to enhance awareness of and training on sensible behavioral ethics. The Group also maintains a hotline system that allows employ- ees to directly report to or consult with the Internal Control and Compliance Committee or an outside lawyer.
Instructions, Feedback Reports, Consultation
(For units that do not have a controlling division at Kanematsu Corporation)
Group Companies
*Sub-subsidiaries report through their immediate parent companies
(As of June 22, 2018)
Resources & General Affairs Department is designated to coordi- nate Companywide response and information gathering to address any unreasonable demands from antisocial forces, and the Company maintains a framework for responding in coordi- nation with outside organizations, including the police and attorneys.
         Board of Directors
  Marketing Area/Support Area
 Departmental Compliance Officers
(Chief officers of business divisions and administrative departments)
Management Committee
Internal Control and Compliance Committee
Audit & Supervisory Board
   Internal Control and Compliance Committee Members
 Promotion Office: Legal & Compliance Department
     Compliance Officer (President of Head of Location)
  Officers & Employees of Kanematsu Corporation
Officers & Employees of Group companies
  Elimination of Antisocial Forces
One of Kanematsu’s compliance commitments is to take a firm stand against and eschew all relationships with antisocial forces. To promote the elimination of antisocial forces, Kanematsu belongs to the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department’s Special Violence Prevention Countermeasures Association, cooperating closely on a regular basis by sharing information. The Human
46 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

  Information Management System
With regard to information management, we have established standards for the custody, retention, and disposal of account- ing records, balance sheets, agreements and contracts con- cerning the basic rights and obligations of Kanematsu, certificates related to properties, and other similar documents.
As information is a valuable corporate asset, we have also formulated, and work to reinforce, rules on information securi- ty management with the aim of protecting and managing per- sonal data and other information in line with compliance requirements.
Risk Management
With respect to business risks that may affect our operations, Kanematsu has designated departments responsible for each type of risk, established internal regulations and detailed enforcement regulations, and prepared operational guidelines. We furthermore use training and other means to ensure thor- ough awareness of risk management. The Company also sets up cross-departmental committees as necessary to control risks.
To comprehensively assess risks facing the Kanematsu Group, promote operational effectiveness and efficiency, and ensure the reliability of financial reporting, we have established
Quantifying and Monitoring Risk
The Kanematsu Group has laid out basic guidelines for control- ling and managing risk in its Risk Management Guidelines. Based on said guidelines, we classify and define risks, then respond to each appropriately, aiming to minimize losses to the Kanematsu Group and achieve sound business growth and development.
The Group monitors quantifiable risks (market risk, credit risk, investment risk, country risk, etc.) by regularly measuring such risks and reporting the results to management. Specifically, to measure maximum possible losses (risk assets) we apply a pro- prietary weighting scheme corresponding to the potential loss risk to all assets included in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as well as off-balance sheet items.
Recently, to achieve more sophisticated capital management, we set an upper limit on the risk asset ratio, aiming to ensure a sound balance of risk assets and risk buffer (shareholder’s equity) and maintain a sound financial position while increasing enter- prise value through business creation and revenue expansion.
Groupwide Activities
With regard to the security of information systems, the Group has established information security management rules aimed at preventing leaks and losses of important information and established standardized rules covering the use of PCs, networks, and e-mail to protect corporate and personal infor- mation. Furthermore, the Group continually reviews its systems framework aimed at enhancing security and operates and maintains said framework to ensure that security is maintained at necessary and appropriate levels.
the Internal Control and Compliance Committee as a Groupwide organization. We have established an approval request system based on designated levels of authority to minimize business risks. The Project Deliberation Committee considers important investments and loans by comprehensively examining relevant risks.
To address the risk of crises related to the occurrence of major events, such as natural disasters, we have put in place a system, including specific rules and policies of action, to ensure the appro- priate management of the Group at such extraordinary times.
    Risk Assets
(Billions of yen)
(Times)
120 100 80 60 40 20 0
116
0.6 0.5 0.4 0.3 0.2 0.1
0
 0.49
44
FY2015
Risk assets
92
100    90
0.4844
0.44
44
0.40
46  Group company presidents meet twice a year and at other times as necessary to share information on Groupwide business activities. These meetings are aimed at ensuring mutual understanding and awareness with regard to corporate governance issues.
Disclosure
FY2016
FY2017
Risk-asset ratio
FY2018
Shareholders’ equity
 We promote proper and transparent management by promptly and accurately disclosing important corporate information about management to shareholders and all other stakeholders, institutional investors, analysts, and the media. In addition to timely disclosure to financial instruments exchanges, we disclose information through our website and engage actively in IR activities, including regular briefings for institutional investors and analysts and meetings.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 47

Messages from the Outside Directors
   Yutaka Hirai
Outside Director
Having achieved the targets of VISION-130 ahead of schedule, Kanematsu has launched a new medium-term vision, future 135, for the six years beginning fis- cal 2019. To reach the targets of future 135, securing a stable earnings base and creating new businesses will be imperative. In addition, it will be important to aggres- sively advance business while maintaining effective governance—an obvious but diffi- cult task—faster than ever.
In terms of nimble management deci- sion making, under the executive officer system adopted a few years ago, Kanematsu has shifted greater authority to its executive officers, who are the driving force within each business. I think we can
Kanematsu achieved the goals of VISION-130 a year early; given this, I think that the Company’s overall management strategy is moving in a positive direction for all stakeholders. During the period of VISION-130, we outside directors took part in discussions not only at meetings of the Board of Directors, but also the Management Committee, and sat in on hearings with the Audit & Supervisory Board members when deemed necessary.
I hope to support the achievement of the targets of the new medium-term vision, future 135, as well. Going forward, while maintaining Kanematsu’s traditional corpo- rate culture, the outside directors will help
I have now been an outside director at Kanematsu for a full year.
Looking at governance and manage- ment in terms of deliberative organs, Kanematsu has a system in place that includes the Project Deliberation Committee, the Management Committee, the Board of Directors, and hearings with the Audit & Supervisory Board members. I think this sys- tem produces appropriate decision making, restraint, and oversight. At meetings of these and other bodies, I offer my experi- ence, knowledge and understanding as an outside director to the best of my abilities. Going forward, I will continue striving to provide advice to management and over- sight of business execution.
In terms of corporate governance, while the Company’s tightly constructed frameworks are functioning effectively, I have felt that more thorough governance
say now that this decision was the right one, and I hope to see efforts in this direc- tion taken further.
Turning to corporate governance, based on Kanematsu’s unique corporate culture, which prizes sincerity, the Company’s traditional system of transpar- ent, consensus-based decision making has functioned effectively, and, in the past few years, Kanematsu has seriously undertaken the reinforcement of its internal systems. Going forward, I think that efforts to con- stantly confirm and measure the efficacy of such systems vis-à-vis concrete business activities and revise and improve them as needed will be crucial.
create the conditions for the swift, bold decision making needed to respond to changes in the business environment.
We also actively take part in careful deliberations related to risk taking, particu- larly those about entering and exiting major investment projects. To evaluate profitability and capital efficiency, the Board now uses quantitative analyses of management indicators. I think that this has had the positive effect of clearly increasing awareness of risk-return rela- tionships. Going forward, Kanematsu needs to push its businesses one step fur- ther, and I intend to support bold decision making and provide oversight as it does so.
of Group companies is needed. Also, I think that Kanematsu should focus more on streamlining management.
The targets of the future 135 six-year plan make sense. Kanematsu analyzed its recent favorable performance to get a clear picture of its present position, and from there set its next management objectives. Also, it has in place the frameworks to achieve these objectives.
Among the measures that the Company will need to take going forward, building and reinforcing a sound financial position will, of course, be important. However, I think that the Company will also need to put work into further strengthening internal control and systems. Lastly, building the necessary supply chains and management for overseas business expansion will also be a key task.
    Seiichi Katayama
Outside Director
    Tsutomu Yajima
Outside Director
 48 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
Corporate Officers
(As of March 31, 2018)
Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
      Masayuki Shimojima
Chairman
1974 Joined Kanematsu- Gosho Ltd. 2010 President & CEO
2017 Chairman (incumbent)
Tetsuro Tsutano
Director
1992 Joined Kanematsu Corporation
2017 Director, Executive Officer
2018 Director, Senior Executive Officer
(incumbent)
Fumihiko Nashimoto
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (full-time)
1976 Joined Kanematsu Semiconductor Corporation 1999 President, Kanematsu Semiconductor
Corporation
2012 Director, Kanematsu Corporation
2012 Audit & Supervisory Board Member (incumbent)
Kaoru Tanigawa
President
1981 Joined Kanematsu- Gosho Ltd. 2015 Director, Senior Managing Executive
Officer
2017 President (incumbent)
Yutaka Hirai
Director
1970 Joined Daifuku Machinery Works Co., Ltd.
2006 Vice-President, Daifuku Co., Ltd. 2011 Corporate Auditor, Kanematsu
Corporation
2014 Director (incumbent)
Sohei Ogawa
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (full-time)
1984 Joined The Norinchukin Bank
2015 Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Kanematsu Corporation (incumbent)
Masao Hasegawa
Executive Vice President
1979 Joined The Bank of Tokyo, Ltd. 2012 Deputy President, Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting Co., Ltd.
2014 Executive Vice President (incumbent)
Seiichi Katayama
Director
2000 Director, Research Institute for Economics and Business Administration, Kobe University
2007 Professor Emeritus, Kobe University (incumbent)
2015 Director,KanematsuCorporation(incumbent) 2017 Research Fellow, Faculty of Economics,
Aichi Gakuin University (incumbent)
Yonosuke Yamada
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
1989 Registered as an attorney 2005 Joined Yamada, Goya & Suzuki
(Incumbent)
2006 Audit & Supervisory Board Member,
Kanematsu Corporation (incumbent)
Yoshiya Miyabe
Director
1983 Joined Kanematsu-Gosho Ltd.
2018 Director, Senior Managing Executive
Officer (incumbent)
Tsutomu Yajima
Director
1973 Joined Kawasaki Steel Corporation 2013 President and CEO, JFE Shoji Trade
Corporation
2017 Director (outside), Kanematsu
Corporation (incumbent)
2018 Adviser, JFE Shoji Trade Corporation
(incumbent), Friend of the Company, JFE Steel Corporation (incumbent)
Tsukasa Miyachi
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
1970 Joined Chuo Audit Corporation
2007 Opens Miyachi public accounting firm
(incumbent)
2015 Audit & Supervisory Board Member,
Kanematsu Corporation (incumbent)
                       1. Mr. Yutaka Hirai, Mr. Seiichi Katayama and Mr. Tsutomu Yajima are Outside Directors.
2. Mr. Sohei Ogawa, Mr. Yonosuke Yamada and Mr. Tsukasa Miyachi are Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members.
3. Mr. Yutaka Hirai, Mr. Seiichi Katayama, Mr. Tsutomu Yajima, Mr. Yonosuke Yamada and Mr. Tsukasa Miyachi are Independent Officers, as defined in the Securities Listing
Regulations.
Executive Officers
  President
Executive Vice President Senior Managing Executive Officer
Managing Executive Officers
Senior Executive Officers
Executive Officers
Kaoru Tanigawa Masao Hasegawa Yoshiya Miyabe
Tetsuya Kaneko Kazuo Shibata
Eiji Kan
Masayuki Hamasaki Hiroyasu Hirasawa Masahiro Harada Kazuo Tanaka Tetsuro Tsutano Koichi Koizumi Ryoichi Kidokoro Osamu Iwata
Chief Officer, Supporting Area; Chief Officer, Internal Auditing
Chief Officer, Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Division,
General Manager, Osaka Branch; General Manager, Nagoya Branch, Chief Officer, Technologies and Business Collaboration
Chief Officer, IT Planning, Traffic & Insurance
Chief Officer, Credit Control, Legal & Compliance; General Manager of Credit Control Dept.
Chief Officer, Steel, Materials & Plant Division
Chief Officer, Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division
Chief Officer, Foods Division
Chief Officer, Electronics & Devices Division
Chief Officer, Human Resources & General Affairs, Corporate Planning
Chief Officer, Finance, Accounting, Business Accounting; General Manager of Finance Dept.
Deputy Chief Officer, Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Division, Director, Motor Vehicles & Parts Dept. No. 1
President, Kanematsu USA Inc.
Deputy Chief Officer, Steel, Materials & Plant Division, Director, Iron & Steel Foreign Trade Dept.
                KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 49
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Financial and ESG Highlights
(As of March 31)
For the year:
Revenue —————
Net sales3
Gross profit
Operating income/Operating profit
Net income (loss)/Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Parent3
Cash flows from investing activities
At year-end:
Net assets/Total equity
Net interest-bearing debt
Per share (yen):
Net assets/Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Financial indicators:
Equity ratio (%)
22,605 19,027
19,016 (12,787) 38,799 (370)
62,239 42,035
148,944 134,582
108.95 59.61
9.1 6.0
12,186
3,528 (19,149)
45,804
109,350
69.15
7.3
18,029
9,175 17,322
49,576
104,612
79.07
8.5
832 (250)
644.76 71.50
4 (3)
21,426
6,110 1,291
55,992
90,012
93.16
9.8
795 (238)
443.83 46.57
4 (3)
Income (loss) before income taxes and minority interests/Profit before tax
Cash flows from operating activities
Free cash flow
Total assets
Shareholders’ equity/Total equity attributable to owners of the Parent
Net income/Basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the Parent3
Cash dividends
2008
¥1,244,020
90,327
28,975
14,308
53,107
503,456
45,587
¥ 45.44
48.42
—
2009
¥1,138,755
86,292
17,177
16,807
414,928
24,936
¥(30.56)
(36.26)
77
—
2010
¥861,277
74,104
8,407
26,441
7,292
398,629
28,916
¥ 8.44
13.10
—
2011
¥936,891
76,905
13,030
7,827
25,149
388,676
33,101
¥21.93
29.59
—
JGAAP
 2012
 ¥1,006,365
80,900
13,529
15,822
17,113
     399,753
39,008
    ¥14.60
    16.95
—
 Return on equity (ROE) (%)
Net D/E ratio (times)
    ESG* (Non-Financial) Data: *ESG: Short for environmental, social, and corporate governance.
Employees—consolidated
Employees—non-consolidated (Women)
CO2 emissions (t-CO2)6, 7
External disposal of general waste (t)7
Audit & Supervisory Board Members8 (Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
872 (251)
644.69 85.39
4 (3)
890 (262)
598.15 87.17
4 (3)
850 (264)
731.92 87.80
4 (3)
Percentage of women among employees— non-consolidated
Total paper use (sheets)7
Directors (Outside directors)8
9,201,812
3.3
4,543
29%
11 (0)
8,153,681
5.4
4,874
29%
10 (0)
7,504,637
3.8
4,871
31%
10 (0)
6,801,305
3.2
4,770
30%
10 (0)
7,062,310
2.3
 4,770
30%
10 (0)
  Notes
Fortheaboveitemswithtwotitles,thefirstappliestofiguresunderJGAAPandthesecondtofiguresunderIFRS.
1. Figures are rounded down to the nearest million yen. Percentages have been rounded off.
2. The U.S. dollar amounts represent the arithmetical results of translating yen to dollars at the rate of ¥106.24 to U.S.$1.00, the exchange rate prevailing on March 31, 2018.
3. Net sales shown here for fiscal 2015 and after are based on accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, calculated as the sum of transactions in which the Group
acted as a party to the contract and transactions in which the Group acted as agent.
4. Kanematsu executed a share consolidation on October 1, 2017, at a ratio of five common shares to one. The calculation of the above figures assumes that said share con-
solidation was implemented on April 1, 2014. 50 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
  
 2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2018
¥1,019,232
¥1,114,539
—
—
—
—
—
80,021
86,402
87,880
86,238
100,139
106,371
1,001,239
16,781
19,075
22,373
18,122
17,875
26,043
245,135
1,355
22,384
6,758
33,024
11,852
434
4,090
 2,821
21,273
109
 28,810
 (2,839)
 1,537
14,467
399,186
428,459
466,314
443,592
479,717
519,889
4,893,536
54,519
71,657
90,244
91,599
100,357
116,012
1,091,988
¥ 22.80
¥ 28.09
¥ 125.494
¥ 106.464
¥ 95.644
¥ 193.794
$ 1.824
 —
3.00
4.00
 5.00
6.00
48.005
0.455
  20.45
18.70
12.99
9.85
8.39
15.08
 1.6
0.9
0.8
0.5
0.6
0.5
  5,522
5,747
6,002
5,832
6,727
6,666
31%
31%
31%
32%
33%
34%
6,874,521
6,648,353
6,645,797
6,087,765
6,256,363
5,920,960
10 (0)
6 (1)
7 (2)
4 (3) 4 (2) 4 (3) 4 (3) 4 (3) 4 (3)
7 (2)
8 (3)
8 (3)
    IFRS
    — 18,262
9,564 1,466
75,912
86,439
129.82
13.7
782 (242)
471.42 48.95
— ¥704,211 19,776 23,547
11,799 10,546 (1,111) (6,649)
96,204 119,015
68,038 72,155
¥668,374 18,772
8,959 (4,214)
120,706
48,813
¥675,579 22,633
8,049 (14,691)
129,863
55,429
Millions of yen1
¥714,790 26,160
16,317 1,103
147,050
59,045
Thousands of U.S. dollars2
$6,728,075 246,243
153,588 10,383
1,384,133
555,769
             170.54 1,072.204 1,088.454 1,192.214 1,377.664 12.964
    16.7
800 (246)
456.44 37.60
19.4
813 (253)
377.54 33.40
20.6
816 (259)
392.58 31.90
20.9
835 (273)
398.68 32.70
22.3
842 (282)
400.74 29.50
    5. Kanematsu executed a share consolidation on October 1, 2017, at a ratio of five common shares to one. The calculation of the above figure assumes that said share consolidation was implemented on April 1, 2017.
6. The coefficients used to calculate the above figures are the most recent values published by the Japan Foreign Trade Council (originally published by the Electric Power Council for a Low Carbon Society via the Japan Business Federation).
7. The figures above are the totals for Kanematsu’s domestic locations on a non-consolidated basis and are subject to change due to changes in office space due to the consolidation of branches or sales offices, etc.
8. The number following the General Meeting of Shareholders, after the year-end.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 51
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Business Results
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, revenue rose ¥39,211 million (5.8%) from the previous fiscal year to ¥714,790 million. Gross profit increased ¥6,232 million (6.2%) from the previous fiscal year to ¥106,371 million. Operating profit rose ¥3,527 million (15.6%) from the previ- ous fiscal year to ¥26,160 million, reflecting the increase in gross profit. Profit before tax increased ¥8,168 million (45.7%) from the previous fiscal year to ¥26,043 million, reflecting a decrease in finance costs and an improvement in the share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method. Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Parent increased ¥8,268 million (102.7%) from the previous fiscal year to ¥16,317 million.
Segment Information
Results for each business segment are described below.
Electronics & Devices
Performance in the ICT solutions business was solid, particu- larly in transactions in the manufacturing and service indus- tries. Performance in the mobile business was firm, due in part to the integration of two mobile phone sales subsidiaries. The semiconductor production equipment business saw expansion in sales to China, and its performance improved year on year.
As a result, revenue in the Electronics & Devices segment rose ¥9,030 million year on year to ¥263,310 million, and operating profit increased ¥328 million to ¥17,556 million.
Foods & Grain
Performance in the food business was firm. Sales in the meat product business slowed in the latter half of the fiscal year, and performance in the feedstuff business was largely unchanged year on year.
As a result, in the Foods & Grain segment, revenue increased ¥3,496 million year on year to ¥231,260 million, and operat- ing profit declined ¥340 million to ¥2,149 million.
Steel, Materials & Plant
Performance in the North American oilfield tubing business improved considerably year on year, supported by a rise in crude oil prices. Performance in the functional chemicals and plant businesses was firm.
As a result, revenue in the Steel, Materials & Plant segment increased ¥21,874 million year on year to ¥153,075 million. Operating profit increased ¥1,110 million to ¥3,930 million.
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
In the motor vehicles and parts business, shipments to the Middle East were solid. Performance in the aerospace busi- ness, particularly in space-related fields and aircraft part trad- ing, was also firm.
As a result, revenue in the Motor Vehicles & Aerospace seg- ment increased ¥4,034 million year on year to ¥54,453 million. Operating profit grew ¥318 million to ¥2,541 million.
Other
In other, the Company recorded impairment on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets associated with the transfer of the golf business.
As a result, revenue rose ¥777 million year on year to ¥12,691 million, while operating profit fell ¥776 million to an operating loss of ¥20 million.
Analysis of Financial Status
Assets, Liabilities and Net Assets
Total assets at the end of the fiscal year under review increased ¥40,172 million from the end of the previous fiscal year to ¥519,889 million. This was due largely to increases in current trade and other receivables and inventories.
        Revenue
(Millions of yen)
Operating Profit
(Millions of yen)
Profit for the Year Attributable to Owners of the Parent / Basic Earnings per Share*
800,000
600,000
400,000
200,000
30,000
25,000
20,000
15,000
10,000
5,000
(Millions of yen)
20,000
(Yen)
193.79 200
16,317
    704,211
714,790
26,160
 668,374 675,579
     23,547
22,633
15,000 150
125.49
106.46
10,000 10,546 95.64 100
5,000 50
     18,772
     8,959
8,049
      0000
   FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
52 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
Profit for the Year Attributable to Owners of the Parent
Basic Earnings per Share
* Kanematsu executed a share consolidation on October 1, 2017, at a ratio of five shares to one. The calculation of the above figures assumes that said share consolidation was implemented on April 1, 2014.

 Interest-bearing debt increased ¥3,482 million from the end of the previous fiscal year to ¥137,326 million. Net interest-bearing debt, which is interest-bearing debt minus cash and bank deposits, increased ¥3,616 million from the end of the previous fiscal year to ¥59,045 million.
Total equity attributable to owners of the Parent increased ¥15,655 million to ¥116,012 million, reflecting the recording of retained earnings as a result of the profit for the year attributable to owners of the Parent and an increase in finan- cial assets measured at fair value through other comprehen- sive income as a result of stock price increases.
As a result, the equity ratio at the end of the fiscal year under review was 22.3%. The net D/E ratio stood at 0.5.
Cash Flows
In the year under review, net cash provided by operating activi- ties totaled ¥434 million, reflecting the recording of operating profit, which more than offset outflows due to increases in trade receivables and inventories. Net cash provided by investing activi- ties amounted to ¥1,103 million, due in part to inflows from the sale of other financial assets and the transfer of the golf busi- ness. Net cash used in financing activities amounted to ¥842 million, due in part to dividends paid and the repayment of bor- rowings, despite income from the issue of corporate bonds.
As a result, after the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, cash and cash equivalents at the end of the fiscal year under review stood at ¥77,731 million, up ¥165 million from the end of the previous fiscal year.
Fundraising
The management objective of the Kanematsu Group’s medi- um-term vision, VISION-130, is to both maintain financial soundness and expand the earnings base. Toward this end, the Group carried out fundraising in line with a basic policy of sta- bly procuring funds at low cost.
The Group raises funds primarily through indirect financing based on good relations with its main banks, regional banks,
life and non-life insurers, and other financial institutions. Kanematsu also raises funds from capital markets by issuing straight corporate bonds as a means of long-term capital pro- curement. To secure liquidity on hand, the Group maintains an ample balance of cash and cash equivalents and has estab- lished commitment lines with major financial institutions. Surplus funds are flexibly managed in highly secure short-term financial products as appropriate in response to the Company’s funding needs and financial circumstances.
To facilitate capital procurement, the Company receives rat- ings from Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. (JCR) and Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I). The Company’s long- term ratings as of the end of the fiscal year under review are BBB+ (stable) from JCR and BBB (stable) from R&I.
In the period under review, Kanematsu issued ¥10,000 mil- lion in new straight corporate bonds. At the end of the fiscal period under review, debt procurement through direct financ- ing accounted for 14% of consolidated interest-bearing debt.
With regard to consolidated capital management, the Group has adopted a cash management system under which fundraising for major domestic subsidiaries and affiliates is con- centrated at the Company and proceeds are then allocated in response to capital requirements. At the end of the fiscal peri- od under review, the Company’s interest-bearing debt account- ed for 70% of the consolidated Group’s interest-bearing debt.
As a result of the above fundraising activities, at the end of the fiscal period under review, the balance of interest-bearing debt stood at ¥137,326 million, an increase of ¥3,482 million from the end of the previous fiscal year. Net interest-bearing debt at the end of the fiscal year under review stood at ¥59,045 million, an increase of ¥3,616 million from the end of the previous fiscal year.
Corporate bonds and long-term borrowings (including the current portion of corporate bonds and long-term borrowings) accounted for 69% of the balance of interest-bearing debt at the end of the fiscal year under review (or 92% on a non-consolidated basis). As such, Kanematsu’s fundraising was highly stable.
     Net Interest-Bearing Debt*1 / Net D/E Ratio*2
Total Equity / Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent per Share*
Total Equity Attributable to Owners of
the Parent / Ratio of Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent
(Millions of yen)
120,000
(Millions of yen)
(Times)
2.0
1.5
1.0
0.5
(Millions of yen)
(Yen)
1,500
(%)
40
30
20
10
80,000
60,000
40,000
20,000
150,000
120,000
90,000
60,000
30,000
147,050
     72,155
1,377.66
1,200
900
600
300
116,012 100,357
 129,863
1,192.21 1,072.20 1,088.45
  119,015 120,706
    59,045
90,000
60,000
30,000
90,244
91,599
            0.8
55,429 48,813
  0.5
0.6
0.5
19.4
20.6
20.9
   000000
   FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
Net Interest-Bearing Debt Net D/E Ratio
*1 Net interest-bearing debt = Interest-bearing debt –Cash and cash equivalents
*2 Net D/E ratio = Net interest-bearing debt / Total equity attributable to owners of the Parent
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
Total Equity
Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent per Share
* Kanematsu executed a share consolidation on October 1, 2017, at a ratio of five shares to one. The calculation of the above figures assumes that said share consolidation was implemented on April 1, 2014.
FY2015 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018
Total Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent Ratio of Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 53
22.3
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Business Risks
Below are details of the risks that could affect the business performance and financial position of the Group. The forward-looking statements below are based on information available as of June 22, 2018.
The Group takes all risk that it faces on a daily basis in the course of its business very seriously. Risk control is undertaken through management mechanisms and methods tailored to the nature of each category of risk.
       Market Risk Related to Supply and Demand and Prices of Goods Traded
In its mainstay commodity trading business in Japan and overseas, the Group deals with grains and petroleum products as well as electronic parts and information, communications and technology (ICT) products. Grains and petroleum products will be influenced by the market condi- tions, while electronic parts and ICT products are exposed to the risk of frequent price erosion caused by competition and obsolescence resulting from technological innovation. An unexpected loss may result from causes such as rapid movements in commodities prices or a decline in demand, when our positions in these commodities increase.
Foreign Currency Risk
The Group is engaged in foreign currency transactions in a number of currencies and terms incidental to its export and import trading. The Group participates in derivatives transactions such as forward contracts to reduce the risk of currency fluctuations.
The Group also has local subsidiaries and business corporations overseas. Account balances at these companies are converted into yen at the exchange rates prevailing at the time of account closing, for the purposes of preparing consolidated financial statements. For this reason, capital levels may change as a result of translation adjustments related to overseas operations.
Interest Rate Risk
The Group raises most funds needed for operating and financing activities in the form of borrowings from financial institutions at variable interest rates, with the exception of certain loans. Since these borrowings and fund management are exposed to an interest rate risk, interest paid by the Group may increase with a rise in interest rates.
The Group uses interest rate swaps to avoid interest rate risk related to borrowings.
Price Fluctuation Risk of Marketable Securities, etc.
The Group may hold shares in trade partners as means of strengthening its relationship with them. There is a risk of price fluctuation inherent in these shares, which could have an effect on the financial position of the Group due to changes in financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
Default Risk and Credit Risk
The Group extends credit in a number of forms, including accounts receivable, advance payments, loans and guarantees in diverse business transactions with its trading partners in Japan and abroad. For this reason, late repayments and defaults may occur with developments such as a deterioration in the financial strength of its trading partners. The Group could also be forced to honor obligations that could be accompanied by a monetary loss in association with the conclusion and performance of a commodity supply agreement, a contract agreement, subcontract agreement, or other agreement, irrespective of reasons, if the trade partner defaults on its obligation or contract.
Although the Group has set aside an allowance for these losses in our accounting procedures using certain estimates, an additional loss could arise if the loss exceeds the scope of the allowance.
Business Investment Risk
The Group makes business investments to achieve objectives, including deep mining of existing businesses and expansion of business areas. The Group decides whether to make such investments through procedures established according to their details and amounts. When making investment decisions, the Group evaluates and analyzes risk factors and the profitability of the business based on cash flows, taking the criteria for business withdrawal into account. After making an investment, the Group regularly reevaluates and reviews business potential and investment value to minimize any potential loss. The value of the business investments may fluctuate according to the financial conditions of investment targets and their business success or failure.
The range of market changes tends to be particularly wide in overseas businesses. Local laws and relationships with partners may also prevent the Group from executing its policy for operating or withdrawing from a business.
    54 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

     Country Risk
Security Risk Related to Information Systems and Information Security
The Group builds and operates information systems for sharing information and streamlining its operations. The Group has adopted information security control rules, and is taking steps to ensure that all members of the Group are familiar with crisis control responses, to meet the safety requirements for operating its information systems. However, information systems cannot be made entirely invulnerable to the unauthorized disclosure of business sensitive information or personal information through unauthorized access, computer viruses and other means, as well as inoperability due to factors such as natural disasters, destruction of information system facilities attributable to accidents and other causes, and communication line troubles. Inoperability may reduce the efficiency of operations that depend on the systems, and seriously affect the future business results of the Group, depending on the scale of damages.
Product and Facility Deterioration Risk due to Natural Disasters and Accidents
The Group owns facilities and equipment, including business offices, warehouses and manufacturing plants, in Japan and overseas. It also owns cargo being stored or transported in and outside Japan for business transactions. Such assets may be damaged or deteriorate as a result of natural disasters, accidents and other developments, and the businesses of the Group may be suspended due to developments such as earthquakes, fires, floods, and riots. Such incidents may seriously affect the future financial position and operating results of the Group, depending on the extent of the damage.
Compliance and Fraud Risk
The Group operates businesses to buy, sell, and provide a broad array of products and services in Japan and overseas and carefully monitors laws and regulations, including those related to exports and imports, that are established and enforced for these products and services in Japan and other countries. However, it is difficult to execute all procedures at all times across all of the trading operations we conduct with the involvement of multiple parties. Although we take a number of actions to prevent violations, there is a risk that we may overlook a violation of a law or an instance of fraud. If the violation or fraud is material, the financial position and operating results of the Group could be affected.
The Group engages in transactions, loans, and investments in other countries. The collection of receivables may be delayed or impossible as a result of political or economic developments in each of these countries. To minimize losses that could arise should these country risks become reality, the Group regularly sets a limit based on ratings given to each country and region according to the scale of their respective country risk, and operates its businesses in such a way that prevents overexposure to certain countries and regions. The Group takes steps such as enrolling in trade insurance programs, according to the ratings and project details, in an attempt minimize recovery risks. However, continuing transactions become difficult if these risks actualize in certain countries and regions, and this development may affect the future business results of the Group.
Legal Risk Related to Changes in Laws
The business activities undertaken by the Group in Japan and overseas are subject to a wide range of legal regulations in Japan and other countries. The Group may become unable to continue certain transactions because of factors such as unexpected changes in laws, changes in export and import regulations, including a punitive tariff that could be introduced unilaterally following changes in the international political environment, and changes in regulations such as permits and licenses related to the sales and handling of products. An unexpected expense for the Group may also arise from a lawsuit or from an order issued by authorities. This risk also includes the risk that a tax rate or tax arrangements imposed by authorities or between countries under international taxation arrangements may change. Changes in these legal systems could influence the financial position and operating results of the Group.
Legal Risk Related to Lawsuits and Disputes
Business operations by the Group, and its assets and liabilities associated with the business operations may become subject to legal proceedings, including lawsuits, and other disputes, in various ways through the course of the business activities undertaken by the Group in Japan and overseas. Such lawsuits and other disputes are generally unpredictable, and resolving them is often very time- consuming when they occur. Any prediction of the results therefore involves uncertainties. Any occurrence of such lawsuits or other disputes and unexpected outcomes may affect the Group’s financial position and operating results.
 to may
          KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 55
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 and 2017
(Assets)
I. Current assets
1. Cash and cash equivalents (Note 27) 2. Trade and other receivables (Note 7) 3. Inventories (Note 8)
4. Other financial assets (Note 30)
5. Other current assets (Note 13) Total current assets
JPY USD (Note 2)
 2018
2017
 2018
 77,566 191,193 80,662 3,705 18,200
77,731
731,662
220,583
2,076,278
93,957
884,392
2,433
22,906
19,955
187,834
 414,662
371,329
3,903,073
 26,858 6,304 20,935 4,885 1,169 34,112 5,295 5,018 3,807
21,900
206,142
6,571
61,859
20,377
191,808
5,169
48,662
1,582
14,900
37,969
357,390
4,479
42,168
3,696
34,793
3,478
32,740
 105,226
108,388
990,463
 519,889
479,717
4,893,536
      II. Non-current assets
1. Property, plant and equipment (Note 9)
2. Goodwill (Note 10)
3. Intangible assets (Note 10)
4. Investments accounted for using the equity method (Note 11) 5. Trade and other receivables (Note 7)
6. Other investments (Note 12)
7. Other financial assets (Note 30)
8. Deferred tax assets (Note 29)
9. Other non-current assets (Note 13)
Total non-current assets
Total assets
   (Notes)Presentation of fiscal year and amounts (Japanese Yen and U.S. dollars)
1. “2018” refers to the Company’s consolidated fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 and the other fiscal year is referred to in the corresponding manner. 2. “JPY” means millions of Japanese Yen and “USD” means thousands of U.S. dollars.
56 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

 JPY
USD (Note 2)
 2018
2017
 2018
 165,011 64,643 5,255 4,226 28 26,291
188,791
1,777,026
61,210
576,151
7,009
65,979
3,773
35,521
156
1,475
23,371
219,989
 284,313
265,455
2,676,140
69,201 6,118 6,641 1,397
424 614
 76,116
716,460
2,853
26,857
6,340
59,685
1,639
15,434
641
6,042
933
8,784
 88,525
84,398
833,263
372,838
349,854
27,781 26,797 34,579
(217)
2,349 9,455
(388)
 3,509,402
27,781
261,494
26,810
252,361
48,559
457,074
(193)
(1,826)
1,275
12,009
12,684
119,397
(905)
(8,521)
 13,055
11,416
122,884
116,012
100,357
 1,091,988
31,037
29,506
 292,146
147,050
129,863
 1,384,133
 519,889
479,717
4,893,536
    (Liabilities)
I. Current liabilities
1. Trade and other payables (Note 14) 2. Bonds and borrowings (Note 15) 3. Other financial liabilities (Note 30) 4. Income taxes payable
5. Provisions (Note 16)
6. Other current liabilities (Note 17) Total current liabilities
II. Non-current liabilities
1. Bonds and borrowings (Note 15)
2. Other financial liabilities (Note 30)
3. Retirement benefit liabilities (Note 28) 4. Provisions (Note 16)
5. Deferred tax liabilities (Note 29)
6. Other non-current liabilities (Note 17)
Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities
(Equity)
1. Share capital (Note 18)
2. Capital surplus (Note 18)
3. Retained earnings (Note 18)
4. Treasury stock (Note 18)
5. Other components of equity (Note 26)
1) Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 2) Financial assets measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income
3) Cash flow hedges
Total other components of equity
Total equity attributable to owners of the Parent
6. Non-controlling interests Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
              KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 57
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Consolidated Statement of Income and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income: (a) Consolidated Statement of Income
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017
I. Revenue (Notes 6 & 19)
II. Cost of sales
Gross profit
III. Selling, general and administrative expenses (Note 20) IV. Other income (expenses)
1. Gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net (Note 21)
2. Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (Note 22)
3. Other income
4. Other expenses
Total other income (expenses)
Operating profit (Note 6)
V. Finance income
1. Interest income (Note 24)
2. Dividend income (Note 24)
3. Other finance income (Notes 24 & 30) Total finance income
VI. Finance costs
1. Interest expenses (Note 24)
2. Other finance costs (Notes 24 & 30) Total finance costs
VII. Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method (Note 11)
Profit before tax
Income tax expense (Note 29) Profit for the year
Profit for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Parent Non-controlling interests Total
Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Parent:
Basic earnings per share (Note 25) Diluted earnings per share (Note 25)
JPY
USD (Note 2)
 2018
2017
 2018
 714,790
675,579 (575,440)
6,728,075
(608,419)
(5,726,835)
106,371
100,139 (76,163)
384
(866)
1,400 (2,261)
 1,001,239
(78,420)
(738,145)
(250)
(2,361)
(2,148)
(20,226)
1,560
14,685
(950)
(8,949)
 (1,790)
(1,343)
(16,851)
26,160
22,633
421 1,116 —
 246,243
363
3,425
1,073
10,104
10
94
1,447
1,537
(2,304) (2,000)
 13,623
(2,414)
(22,723)
(730)
(6,871)
(3,144)
(4,304) (1,990)
 (29,594)
1,579
14,864
26,043
17,875
 245,135
 (6,384)
(7,589)
(60,097)
19,658
10,286
 185,038
8,049 2,237
 16,317
153,588
3,341
31,450
 19,658
10,286
185,038
               Yen
U.S. dollars
  58 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
193.79
193.79
95.64 95.64
1.82
1.82

Consolidated Statement of Income and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income: (b) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017
I. Profit for the year
II. Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: 1. Financial assets measured at fair value through
other comprehensive income (Note 26)
2. Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans (Note 26)
3. Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted for
using the equity method (Note 26)
Total items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
1. Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (Note 26) 2. Cash flow hedges (Notes 26 & 30)
3. Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted for
using the equity method (Note 26)
Total items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax Total comprehensive income for the year
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Parent Non-controlling interests Total
JPY
USD (Note 2)
 2018
2017
 2018
 19,658
10,286
2,671 (284)
24
185,038
3,402
32,022
307
2,899
0
4
3,710
2,412
(829) 984
109
 34,925
(1,427)
(13,432)
(485)
(4,570)
(57)
(543)
(1,970)
265
 (18,545)
 1,740
2,678
16,380
21,398
12,965
 201,418
10,720 2,244
 18,354
172,766
3,044
28,652
 21,398
12,965
201,418
               KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 59
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017
Equity
I . Share capital (Note 18)
Balance at the beginning of the year
Balance at the end of the year II . Capital surplus (Note 18)
Balance at the beginning of the year
Disposition of treasury stock
Equity transactions with non-controlling interests Other changes
Balance at the end of the year
III . Retained earnings (Note 18)
Balance at the beginning of the year
Dividends
Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Parent Reclassification from other components of equity Balance at the end of the year
IV . Other components of equity (Note 26)
Balance at the beginning of the year
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive
income
Cash flow hedges
Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans Reclassification to retained earnings
Balance at the end of the year
V . Treasury stock (Note 18)
Balance at the beginning of the year Acquisition of treasury stock Disposition of treasury stock Balance at the end of the year
Total equity attributable to owners of the Parent VI . Non-controlling interests
Balance at the beginning of the year
Dividends to non-controlling interests
Equity transactions with non-controlling interests
Other changes
Profit for the year attributable to non-controlling interests Other components of equity
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations Financial assets measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income
Cash flow hedges
Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans
Balance at the end of the year Total equity
Comprehensive income for the year attributable to: Owners of the Parent
Non-controlling interests
Total comprehensive income for the year
JPY USD (Note 2)
 2018
2017
 2018
 27,781
27,781
261,494
27,781
27,781
26,463 3 4 326
 261,494
26,797
252,234
13
128
(0)
(1)
—
—
26,810
26,797
29,103 (2,314)
8,049 (259)
 252,361
34,579
325,487
(2,736)
(25,756)
16,317
153,588
398
3,755
48,559
34,579
8,486 (562)
2,613
1,004 (384)
259
 457,074
11,416
107,462
(1,073)
(10,107)
3,351
31,550
(516)
(4,861)
275
2,596
(398)
(3,755)
13,055
11,416
(235) (5)
22
 122,884
(217)
(2,051)
(6)
(61)
30
285
 (193)
(217)
(1,826)
116,012
100,357
 1,091,988
29,107 (1,324) (36) (484)
2,237 6
(178) 82
1 100
 29,506
277,733
(1,511)
(14,227)
(1)
(12)
—
—
3,341
31,450
(297)
(2,798)
(378)
(3,567)
50
475
(0)
(9)
32
303
 31,037
29,506
292,146
147,050
129,863
 1,384,133
10,720 2,244
 18,354
172,766
3,044
28,652
 21,398
12,965
201,418
                60 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017
I. Cash flows from operating activities
Profit for the year
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets Finance income and costs
Share of (profit) loss of investments accounted for using the equity method
(Gain) loss on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net
Income tax expense
(Increase) decrease in trade and other receivables (Increase) decrease in inventories
Increase (decrease) in trade and other payables Increase (decrease) in retirement benefits liabilities Other
Sub total
Interest received
Dividends received
Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities II. Cash flows from investing activities
Payments for property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment
Payments for intangible assets
Purchases of other investments
Proceeds from sale of other investments
Proceeds from sale of other financial assets
Proceeds from (payments for) acquisition of subsidiaries (Notes 5 & 27) Proceeds from (payments for) sale of subsidiaries (Note 27)
Proceeds from transfer of business
Increase in loans receivable
Proceeds from collection of loans receivable
Other
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities III. Cash flows from financing activities
Increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings, net (Note 27) Proceeds from long-term borrowings (Note 27)
Repayment of long-term borrowings (Note 27)
Proceeds from issuance of bonds (Note 27)
Dividends paid
Payments for acquisition of subsidiaries’ interests from
non-controlling interests
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests Other (Note 27)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
IV. Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, net
V. Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
VI. Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents VII. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (Note 27)
JPY
USD (Note 2)
  2018
2017
 2018
 10,286 2,885 866 2,767
1,990
(384)
7,589 (10,613)
200 6,861
(120) (1,437)
19,658
185,038
3,145
29,612
2,148
20,226
1,696
15,972
(1,579)
(14,864)
250
2,361
6,384
60,097
(33,261)
(313,078)
(13,729)
(129,229)
23,798
224,007
(297)
(2,801)
(1,395)
(13,132)
 6,821
20,890
64,210
358
436 1,503
(2,291) (8,686)
 3,375
2,159
20,328
(2,381)
(22,415)
(6,523)
(61,407)
 434
11,852
4,090
(4,188) 3,424
(605) (986) 733
— (12,786) (6)
— (1,835)
1,952 (392)
 (2,136)
(20,107)
1,365
12,850
(544)
(5,126)
(117)
(1,104)
292
2,756
1,010
9,507
(362)
(3,417)
(22)
(209)
1,452
13,676
(1,522)
(14,334)
1,378
12,979
309
2,912
 1,103
(14,691)
10,383
7,044 18,786
(28,857) —
(2,308) (30)
(1,277) (262)
 2,510
23,627
15,508
145,973
(24,229)
(228,068)
9,928
93,450
(2,730)
(25,705)
—
—
(1,542)
(14,521)
(285)
(2,689)
 (842)
(6,904)
(7,934)
694
(9,743)
 6,539
77,566
87,466
 730,108
(529)
(156)
 (4,985)
 77,731
77,566
731,662
                    KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 61
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and 2017
1. Reporting Entity
Kanematsu Corporation (the “Company”) is a company located in Japan. The addresses of the Company’s registered headquarters and main offices are available on its corporate website (http:// www.kanematsu.co.jp/en/). The consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended March 31, 2018 comprise the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Consolidated Group”), and the Consolidated Group’s interests in associates. The Consolidated Group operates its businesses as an
2. Basis of Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements
(1) Statement of compliance with IFRS
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accor- dance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) pursuant to the provision of Article 93 of the Ordinance on Terminology, Forms, and Preparation Methods of Consolidated Financial Statements (Ordinance of the Ministry of Finance No. 28 of 1976) as all the requirements of the “Specified Company for Designated IFRSs” set forth in Article 1-2 of said Ordinance have been fulfilled.
The consolidated financial statements were authorized by Kaoru Tanigawa, President and CEO, on June 22, 2018.
(2) Basis of measurement
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a his- torical cost basis except for:
• financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through prof-
it or loss, which are measured at fair value;
• financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehen-
sive income, which are measured at fair value; and
• defined benefit assets or liabilities, which are measured at the
present value of the defined benefit obligations less the fair value of plan assets.
(3) Functional currency and presentation currency
The consolidated financial statements are presented in Japanese yen, which is the Company’s functional currency. All financial infor- mation presented in Japanese yen has been rounded down to the nearest million.
The U.S. dollar amounts appearing in the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto represent the arithmetical results of translating yen to dollars at the rate of ¥106.24 to U.S.$1.00, the approximate exchange rate prevailing on March 31, 2018. The translation of such dollar amounts is solely for convenience of the readers outside Japan and should not be construed as a represen- tation that the Japanese yen amounts have been, or could be read- ily converted, realized or settled in dollars at the above, or any other rate.
integrated trading company by providing a broad array of products and services through the organic integration of domestic and inter- national business networks; expertise acquired in various fields; and the functions of a trading company, including commodities trading, information gathering, market exploration, business devel- opment and organization, risk management, and distribution. Detailed information on the business operations for each report- able segment are provided in Note 6 Segment Information.
(4) Use of estimates and judgments
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accor- dance with IFRSs requires management to make judgments, esti- mates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results could differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. The effect of a change in an accounting estimate is recognized in the period of the change and future periods. The fol- lowing notes include information on critical judgments in the appli- cation of accounting policies that have a significant effect on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements:
• Note 3. Significant Accounting Policies: (1) Basis of consolidation • Note 3. Significant Accounting Policies: (11) Revenue
The following notes include information on uncertainties of assumptions and estimates that have a significant risk to cause material revisions in the next fiscal year:
• Note 22. Impairment Loss
• Note 28. Employee Benefits
• Note 29. Current and Deferred Income Tax
• Note 30. Financial Instruments: (6) Fair value of financial instruments
When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Consolidated Group uses observable market data as much as it is available. Fair values are categorized into the following three hier- archy levels based on the inputs to the valuation techniques:
• Level 1:
• Level 2:
  62 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Consolidated Group can access at the measurement date
inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly unobservable inputs
• Level 3:
The following notes include detailed information on assump-
tions made when measuring the fair value:
• Note 22. Impairment Loss
• Note 30. Financial Instruments: (6) Fair value of financial instruments

  3. Significant Accounting Policies
The accounting policies set out below have been applied consis- tently to all the periods presented in these consolidated financial statements, and have been applied consistently by the Consolidated Group.
(1) Basis of consolidation
1) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are entities which are controlled by the Consolidated Group. The Consolidated Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When the Consolidated Group holds more than half of the voting rights of another entity, such entity is included in the subsidiaries of the Consolidated Group as it is determined that control exists, unless it can be clearly demonstrat- ed that such ownership does not constitute control. In addition, even when the Consolidated Group holds only half or less of the voting rights of another entity, such entity is included in the subsid- iaries of the Consolidated Group if it is determined through agree- ments with other investors that the Consolidated Group has control over such entity’s financial and operating policies and thus has the ability to affect returns from such entity.
The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the con- solidated financial statements of the Consolidated Group from the date the Consolidated Group obtains control of the subsidiaries until the date it loses such control of the subsidiaries. When the accounting policies adopted by the subsidiaries are different from those adopted by the Consolidated Group and the difference is considered material, the financial statements of the subsidiaries are adjusted as necessary.
Changes in the Consolidated Group’s interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity trans- actions. The Company recognizes directly in equity any difference between the amounts by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received, and attribute it to the owners of the Company.
If the Consolidated Group loses control of a subsidiary, the Consolidated Group derecognizes the assets and liabilities of the former subsidiary, and any non-controlling interests and other com- ponents of equity related to the former subsidiary. Any gains or losses arising from such loss of control are recognized in profit or loss. If the Consolidated Group retains any interest in the former subsidiary after the control is lost, such interest is measured at fair value at the date that control is lost.
2) Associates and joint ventures
Associates are those entities over which the Consolidated Group has significant influence, where significant influence is defined as the power to participate in the financial and operating policy deci- sions of the entities but is not control or joint control of those enti- ties. If the Consolidated Group holds between 20 percent and 50 percent of the voting rights of each those entities, it is presumed that the Consolidated Group has significant influence over each of those entities.
Even if the Consolidated Group holds less than 20 percent of the voting rights of another entity, such entity is included in the associ- ates of the Consolidated Group as long as it is determined that the Consolidated Group has significant influence over the entity through the dispatch of the board members, the shareholders’ agreement or the like.
Joint ventures are those entities with respect to which multiple parties, including the Consolidated Group, have joint control over the economic activities by contract and unanimous consent of all of such parties is required when deciding on the relevant activities, whereby the Consolidated Group has rights to the net assets of the arrangement.
Except for those that are classified as assets held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations, investments in associates and joint ven- tures (“equity method investee”) are measured at the carrying amount following the application of the equity method (including goodwill recognized at the time of acquisition) less any accumulat- ed impairment losses.
The consolidated financial statements include the Consolidated Group’s share of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associates and joint ventures from the date the Consolidated Group obtains significant influence or joint control until the date it loses such significant influence or joint control. When the account- ing policies adopted by the equity method investees are different from those adopted by the Consolidated Group, the financial state- ments of the equity method investees are adjusted as necessary.
    KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 63
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

3) Business combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The Consolidated Group recognizes goodwill as the sum of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amounts of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree mea- sured at the acquisition date; less the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed (generally measured at fair value). When such difference results in a negative balance, it is immediately recognized in profit or loss. Non-controlling interests are measured either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share in the rec- ognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. The mea- surement method to be applied at the acquisition date is determined on a transaction-by-transaction basis. Acquisition- related costs, which are costs that the Consolidated Group incurs to effect a business combination (excluding costs to issue debt or equity securities), are accounted for as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred, and thus not included in the cost of goodwill. In a business combination achieved in stages, the Consolidated Group remeasures its previously held equity interest in the acquiree at its acquisition-date fair value and recognizes any gains or losses arising from such remeasurement in profit or loss. Changes in the value of the Consolidated Group’s equity interest in the acquiree that had been recognized in other comprehensive income prior to the acquisition date are recognized in profit or loss, or other comprehensive income, on the same basis as would be required if the Consolidated Group had disposed of the previously held equity interest.
4) Transactions eliminated in consolidation
Intragroup balances and transactions, as well as any unrealized gains and losses arising from intragroup transactions, are eliminat- ed when preparing the consolidated financial statements.
(2) Foreign currency translation
1) Translation of foreign currency transactions
Foreign currency transactions are translated into functional curren- cies of individual companies using the exchange rates at the dates of such transactions. At the end of each reporting period, mone- tary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into functional currencies using the exchange rate at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences on monetary items are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they arise. Non-monetary items that are measured on a historical cost basis in a foreign currency are translated into the functional curren- cy using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non- monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured.
With respect to the exchange differences of a non-monetary item, when a gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognized in other comprehensive income, the Consolidated Group recognizes any exchange component of that gain or loss in other comprehen- sive income. Conversely, when a gain or loss on a non-monetary items is recognized in profit or loss, the Consolidated Group recog- nizes any exchange component of that gain or loss in profit or loss.
2) Translation of foreign operations
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including any good- will and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of foreign operations, are translated using the exchange rate at the end of the reporting period. In addition, income and expenses of foreign operations are translated using the average exchange rate for the reporting period unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly.
Exchange differences arising from the translation are recognized in other comprehensive income and the cumulative amounts of the exchange differences are included in other components of equity. When the Consolidated Group’s foreign operations are disposed of, the cumulative amounts of the exchange differences related to foreign operations are reclassified to profit or loss when the gain or loss on disposal is recognized. Based on the application of the exemption clauses under IFRS 1, the Consolidated Group has reclassified the cumulative exchange differences that existed at the transition date to retained earnings.
(3) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents are comprised of cash on hand; demand deposits; and short-term, highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less from the date of acquisition that are readily convertible to known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
(4) Inventories
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost determined by the moving-average method and net realizable value.
(5) Property, plant and equipment
The Consolidated Group uses the cost model to measure an item of property, plant and equipment after initial recognition and car- ries it at its cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accu- mulated impairment losses. The cost of property, plant and equipment include the cost directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset.
Property, plant and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of each compo- nent thereof. The ranges of principal estimated useful lives are pre- sented as follows:
Buildings and structures: 3 to 50 years Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture & fixtures: 2 to 20 years Leased assets are fully depreciated over the shorter of the lease
term and their estimated useful lives if there is no reasonable cer- tainty that the Consolidated Group will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term.
The depreciation method, useful life and residual value of an asset are reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period and amended as necessary.
64 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

 (6) Goodwill and intangible assets
1) Goodwill
Goodwill is carried at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.
2) Intangible assets
The Consolidated Group uses the cost model to measure an intan- gible asset after initial recognition and carries it at its cost less any accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses.
A separately acquired intangible asset is initially recognized and measured at cost. The cost of an intangible asset acquired in
a business combination is its fair value at the acquisition date. With respect to an internally generated intangible asset that does not qualify for asset recognition, expenditures on such an internally gen- erated intangible asset are recognized as expenses when they are incurred. Conversely, the cost of an internally generated intangible asset that qualifies for asset recognition is the sum of expenditures incurred from the date when it first meets the recognition criteria.
An intangible asset with a finite useful life is amortized using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life. The Consolidated Group’s intangible assets with finite useful lives are comprised mainly of software whose estimated useful life is 5 years.
The amortization method, useful life and residual value of an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and amended as necessary.
Certain intangible assets with indefinite useful lives such as carri- er shop operating rights are not amortized, but instead tested for impairment based on the cash-generating unit at least once a year and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.
(7) Impairment of non-financial assets
The Consolidated Group assesses at the end of each reporting peri- od whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired. If any such indication exists, it estimates the recoverable amount of the asset or the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. Goodwill and an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life are tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that such assets may be impaired. If the carrying amount of an indi- vidual asset or the cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to its recover- able amount and that reduction is recognized as an impairment loss.
The Consolidated Group assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is any indication that an impairment loss rec- ognized in prior fiscal years for an asset other than goodwill may no longer exist or may have decreased. If any such indication exists, the Consolidated Group will estimate the recoverable amount of that asset. If the recoverable amount exceeds the carrying amount of that asset or the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs, the carrying amount is increased to its recoverable amount, which is, however, limited up to the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of amortization or depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior fiscal years; and that increase is recognized as a reversal of an impair- ment loss. An impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.
In addition, because goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an investment in an equity method investee is not sepa- rately recognized, it is not tested for impairment separately. If it is indicated that the investment in an equity method investee may be impaired, the entire carrying amount of the investment is tested for impairment as a single asset, by comparing its recoverable amount with its carrying amount.
(8) Financial instruments
The Consolidated Group has early adopted IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (as amended in July 2014).
1) Financial assets
The Consolidated Group classifies financial assets at initial recogni- tion as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets measured at fair value through other compre- hensive income or financial assets measured at amortized cost. The Consolidated Group initially recognizes financial assets measured at amortized cost on the date that they arise and the other finan- cial assets on the transaction date.
The Consolidated Group derecognizes a financial asset when, and only when (a) the contractual rights to cash flows from the financial asset expire, or (b) it transfers the contractual rights to cash flows and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset.
(i) Financial assets measured at amortized cost
A financial asset that meets both of the following conditions is classified as a financial asset measured at amortized cost:
• The financial asset is held within a business model whose objec- tive is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flow and,
• The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and inter- est on the principal amount outstanding.
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures
a financial asset measured at amortized cost at its fair value plus any transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. The Consolidated Group subsequently measures it at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
(ii) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
A financial asset that meets both of the following conditions is classified as a financial asset measured at fair value through other comprehensive income:
• The financial asset is held within a business model whose objec- tive is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flow and selling financial assets and,
• The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and inter- est on the principal amount outstanding.
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures a financial asset measured at fair value through other comprehensive income at its fair value plus any transaction costs directly attribut- able to the acquisition of the financial asset. The Consolidated Group subsequently measures it at fair value and recognizes the subsequent changes in fair value as other comprehensive income. When the financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss is reclassified to profit or loss.
    KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 65
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(iii) Equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
With regard to a financial asset that has not been classified as either a financial asset measured at amortized cost or a financial asset measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, and classified as a financial asset measured at fair value through profit or loss, IFRS 9 permits an entity to make an irrevocable elec- tion to present in other comprehensive income changes in fair value of an investment in an equity instrument that is not held for trading. The Consolidated Group makes this election on an instru- ment-by-instrument basis.
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures an equity instrument measured at fair value through other compre- hensive income at its fair value plus any transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. The Consolidated Group subsequently measures it at fair value and rec- ognizes the subsequent changes in fair value as other comprehen- sive income. When the equity instrument is derecognized, or its fair value substantially decreases, the Consolidated Group reclassifies the cumulative amount of other comprehensive income to retained earnings and not to profit or loss. Dividends are recognized in prof- it or loss.
(iv) Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
A financial asset other than those classified as (i), (ii) and (iii) above is classified as a financial asset measured at fair value through prof- it or loss.
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures a finan- cial asset measured at fair value through profit or loss at its fair value and expenses the transaction costs as incurred that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. The Consolidated Group subsequently measures it at fair value and rec- ognizes the subsequent changes in fair value in profit or loss.
2) Impairment of financial assets
The Consolidated Group assesses impairment of financial assets measured at amortized cost and financial assets measured at fair value through other compressive income based on the expected credit loss approach.
If, at the reporting date, the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Consolidated Group measures the loss allowance for that financial instrument at an amount equal to the 12-month expected credit losses, i.e., the expected credit losses that result from default events on that financial instrument that are possible within the 12-months after the reporting date. Conversely, if, at the reporting date, the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased sig- nificantly since initial recognition, the Consolidated Group mea- sures the loss allowance for that financial instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses, i.e., the expected credit losses that result from all possible default events over the expected life of that financial instrument.
However, the Consolidated Group always measures the loss allowance for trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses despite the above requirement.
Detailed information on the assessment of significant increases in credit risk and the measurement of expected credit losses is pro- vided in Note 30. Financial Instruments: (3) Credit risk management.
3) Financial liabilities
The Consolidated Group classifies financial liabilities at initial recog- nition as financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss or financial liabilities measured at amortized cost. The Consolidated Group initially recognizes financial liabilities measured at amortized cost on the date that they arise and the other finan- cial liabilities on the transaction date.
The Consolidated Group derecognizes financial liabilities when they are extinguished, i.e., when obligations specified under a con- tract is discharged, cancelled or expires.
(i) Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
The Consolidated Group classified financial liabilities, other than financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss, as financial liabilities measured at amortized cost. The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures a financial liability mea- sured at amortized cost at its fair value less any transaction costs directly attributable to incurring of the liability, and subsequently measures it at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
(ii) Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures a finan- cial liability measured at fair value through profit or loss at its fair value, and subsequently measures it at fair value and recognizes subsequent changes in fair value in profit or loss.
4) Derivatives and hedge accounting
In order to hedge the foreign currency fluctuation risk, interest rate fluctuation risk and commodity price fluctuation risk, the Consolidated Group enters into derivative transactions, such as for- ward exchange transactions, interest rate swap transactions and commodity futures and forwards transactions.
When initiating a hedge, the Consolidated Group designates and documents the risk management purposes and strategies regarding the hedge relationship and initiation of such hedge. Such documentation includes the designation of the hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged and methods of assessing the hedging instrument’s effectiveness in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. Although such hedging is expected to be highly effective in offset- ting changes in fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk, it is assessed on an ongoing basis whether it was actually highly effective throughout the reporting periods for which such hedging was designated.
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures deriv- atives at fair value and subsequently measures them at fair value and accounts for subsequent changes in fair value as follows:
(i) Fair value hedge
The Consolidated Group recognizes the changes in fair value of a derivative used as a hedging instrument in profit or loss, and the changes in fair value of a hedged item attributable to the hedged risk in profit or loss by adjusting the carrying amount of the hedged item.
66 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

 (ii) Cash flow hedge
Of the changes in fair value of a derivative used as a hedging instrument, the portion determined to be effective is recognized in other comprehensive income and the cumulative amount is includ- ed in other components of equity. Conversely, the portion deter- mined to be ineffective is recognized in profit or loss. The amounts accumulated in other components of equity are reclassified from other components of equity to profit or loss in the same period that the transaction of the hedged item affects profit or loss; pro- vided, however, that if hedging of a forecast transaction subse- quently results in the recognition of a non-financial asset or liability, the amounts accumulated in other components of equity are then accounted for as an adjustment to the initial carrying amount of the non-financial asset or liability.
When the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised; or when the hedge no longer meets the criteria for the hedge accounting, the Consolidated Group discontinues the hedge accounting prospectively. If the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the amounts accumulated in other components of equity are reclassified immediately from other components of equity to profit or loss.
(iii) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments
The Consolidated Group recognizes the changes in fair value of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments in profit or loss.
5) Offsetting of financial assets and financial liabilities
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount of such offset is presented in the consolidated statements of financial position only when the Consolidated Group has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and intends either to settle them on a net basis or realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
(9) Provisions
The Consolidated Group recognizes a provision when, only when (a) the Consolidated Group has a present obligation (legal or con- structive) as a result of a past event; (b) it is probable that an out- flow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; and (c) a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
Where the effect of the time value of money is material, the Consolidated Group recognizes the provision by discounting it using a current pre-tax discount rate that reflects the risks specific to the liability.
(10) Equity
When the Consolidated Group repurchases the shares of treasury stock, it is measured at cost and is presented as a deduction from equity. Transaction costs directly attributable to the repurchase of the shares of treasury stock are deducted from capital surplus. When the Consolidated Group sells the shares of treasury stock, the consideration received is recognized as an increase in equity.
(11) Revenue
Revenue is measured at fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of returned goods, discounts and rebates. If there are multiple identifiable components in a single transaction, such transaction is separated into components, and revenue is recog- nized per such component. Conversely, when the actual economic state cannot be expressed without treating multiple transactions as one unit, revenue is recognized by treating such multiple transac- tions as one unit. The recognition standards and presentation method with respect to revenue are presented as follows:
1) Revenue recognition criteria
(i) Sale of goods
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognized when all of the fol- lowing conditions have been satisfied:
• the Consolidated Group has transferred to the buyer the signifi-
cant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods;
• the Consolidated Group retains neither continuing managerial
involvement to the degree usually associated with ownership nor
effective control over the goods sold;
• the amount of revenue can be measured reliably;
• it is possible that the economic benefits associated with the
transaction will flow to the Consolidated Group; and,
• the costs incurred or to be incurred in respect to the transaction
can be measured reliably.
(ii) Rendering of services
If results of revenue from the rendering of services can be reliably estimated, such revenue will be recognized in accordance with such transaction’s degree of progress as of the fiscal year end. If all of the following conditions are satisfied, it is determined that results of a transaction can be reliably estimated:
• the amount of revenue can be measured reliably;
• it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the
transaction will flow to the Consolidated Group;
• the stage of completion of the transaction at the end of the
reporting period can be measured reliably; and,
• the costs incurred for the transaction and the costs to complete
the transaction can be measured reliably.
When the outcome of the transaction involving the rendering of
services cannot be estimated reliably, the Consolidated Group rec- ognizes revenue only to the extent of the expenses recognized that are recoverable.
    KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 67
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

2) Method of presenting revenue
When the Consolidated Group is acting as a principal in a transac- tion, revenue is presented in the gross amount received from a cus- tomer. Conversely, when the Consolidated Group is acting as an agent for a third party in a transaction, revenue is presented in the amount of commission, which is the gross amount received by a customer less the amount collected on behalf of the third party.
The following features are considered when determining wheth- er the Consolidated Group is acting as a principal or as an agent in a transaction:
• whether the Consolidated Group has the primary responsibility
for providing goods or services to the customer or for fulfilling
the order;
• whether the Consolidated Group has inventory risk before or
after receiving the customer order, during shipping or on return;
• whether the Consolidated Group has latitude in establishing pric-
es, either directly or indirectly;
• whether the Consolidated Group bears the customer’s credit risk
for the amounts receivable from the customer; and,
• whether the amounts the Consolidated Group earns are prede-
termined, being either a fixed fee per transaction or a stated per- centage of the amounts billed to the customer.
(12) Finance income and finance costs
Finance income comprises interest income, dividend income, gain on sale of financial instruments and gain arising from changes in fair value of financial instruments. Interest income is recognized at the time of receipt by using the effective interest method. Dividend income is recognized on the date when the Consolidated Group’s right to receive payment is established. Finance costs comprise interest expenses, loss on sale of financial instruments and loss aris- ing from changes in the fair value of financial instruments.
(13) Employee benefits
1) Post-retirement benefits
(i) Defined benefit plans
Defined benefit plans are retirement benefit plans other than defined contribution plans. Defined benefit obligations are calcu- lated separately for each plan by estimating the future amounts of benefits that employees will have earned in return for their services provided in the current and prior periods, and discounting such amounts in order to determine the present value. The fair value of any plan assets is deducted from the present value of the defined benefit obligations. The discount rate is determined by reference to the market yields on highly rated corporate bonds at the fiscal year-end that have maturity terms that are approximately the same as those of the Consolidated Group’s defined benefit obligations and use the same currencies as those used for future benefits pay- ments.
When the retirement benefit plans are amended, the change in defined benefit obligations related to past service by employees is immediately recognized in profit or loss.
The Consolidated Group recognizes the changes in the net defined benefit liability (asset) due to remeasurements in other comprehensive income and immediately reclassifies them to retained earnings.
(ii) Defined contribution plans
Defined contribution plans are retirement benefit plans under which an employer pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further contributions. The obligations already paid or to be paid as contri- butions under the defined contribution plans are recognized as expenses in the period in which the employees render the related services.
2) Other long-term employee benefits
The Consolidated Group recognizes obligations for long-term employee benefits other than post-employment benefits as a liabil- ity by estimating the amounts as of the reporting date that will be paid to the employees in return for their services without discount- ing that amounts unless it is material.
3) Short-term employee benefits
The Consolidated Group recognizes short-term employee benefits as a liability and an expense by estimating the amounts that will be paid to the employees in return for their services without discount- ing those amounts. The Consolidated Group recognizes bonuses to be paid pursuant to the bonus system as a liability when it has present legal or constructive obligations to pay as a result of past employee service, and when the amounts of the obligations can be estimated reliably.
68 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

 (14) Income taxes
Income tax expenses comprises current tax expense and deferred tax expense. The Consolidated Group recognizes them in profit or loss, except when they arise from items that are recognized in other comprehensive income or directly equity, and from business combinations.
Current tax expense is measured by the expected taxes receivable from or taxes payable to tax authorities, and the tax rates or tax laws that are used to calculate the tax amount are those that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the end of the fiscal year.
The Consolidated Group recognizes deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities for temporary differences between the carry- ing amount of an asset and liability in the statements of financial position and its tax base, the unused tax losses carried forward and unused tax credits carried forward. The amounts of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are calculated by applying the expected tax rate or tax law applicable as of the period in which assets are realized or liabilities are settled in accordance with a stat- utory tax rate or a substantially enacted statutory tax rate and the tax law as of the fiscal year-end. The Consolidated Group does not recognize deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities in the fol- lowing cases:
• when taxable temporary differences arise from the initial recogni-
tion of goodwill;
• when they arise from the initial recognition of an asset or a liabil-
ity in a transaction which is not a business combination; and on the transaction date, affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit (tax loss); or,
• with respect to taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and associates, when the Consolidated Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences; and it is probable that the tempo- rary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset only when the Consolidated Group has a legally enforceable right to set off the current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and, such deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied on the same taxation entity. However, even in the case of different taxable entities, the Consolidated Group can set off if the tax tax- able entities intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net bases, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences, the unused tax losses carried forward and unused tax credits carried forward to the extent that it is probable that they can be used against future taxable profit. The carrying amounts of deferred tax assets are reassessed at each fiscal year- end, and such carrying amount will be reduced to the extent it is no longer probable that related tax benefits from such assets will be realized. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are also reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available to recover the deferred tax assets.
The Company and its wholly owned domestic subsidiaries apply the consolidated tax payment system, by which the Company and its wholly owned domestic subsidiaries are allowed to file a tax return and pay the corporation tax as a consolidated tax filing group.
(15) Leases
The Consolidated Group determines whether an agreement is, or contains, a lease based on the substance of the agreement at inception of the lease. The substance of an agreement is assessed based on (a) whether fulfillment of the arrangement is dependent on the use of a specified asset or assets; and (b) whether the agreement conveys a right to use the asset.
1) Finance lease
A finance lease is a lease that transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset. The Consolidated Group initially recognizes a leased asset at the lower of the fair value of the leased asset and the present value of the minimum lease payments, and subsequently accounts for the lease asset based on the applicable accounting policies. Minimum lease pay- ments are apportioned between the finance charge and the reduc- tion of the outstanding liability. The finance charge is allocated to each period during the lease term so as to produce a constant peri- odic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability.
2) Operating lease
An operating lease is a lease other than a finance lease. The Consolidated Group recognizes lease payments under an operating lease as an expense on a straight-line basis mainly over the lease term. When the Consolidated Group is the lessor of assets under an operating lease, it presents the assets subject to the operating lease in its consolidated statements of financial position.
    KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 69
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 4. Standards and Interpretations issued but not yet adopted
The following are the major standards and interpretations that have been newly issued or amended prior to the date of authoriza- tion for issuance of the consolidated financial statements. The Consolidated Group has not yet adopted these standards for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. While the point of revenue
recognition will change in accordance with the review of the recognition of performance obligation, the Consolidated Group assessed the effect of application of IFRS 15 would be negligible. The effect of application of IFRS 16 on the Consolidated Group is currently under assessment and cannot be estimated as of the filing date.
 Standard
IFRS 15
IFRS 16
Title
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Leases
Mandatory application (from fiscal years beginning on or after)
January 1, 2018
January 1, 2019
Fiscal year in which the Consolidated Group will apply the standard
Fiscal year ending March 31, 2019
Fiscal year ending March 31, 2020
Summary of new or amended standard
Amendment of accounting treatment for and disclosure on revenue recognition
Amendment of accounting treatment for lease contracts
    5. Business Combinations
The major business combination that occurred during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 was described as follows:
(1) Contents of the business combination
We also believe that the integration of Diamond Telecom will enable us to create synergies in the Consolidated Group as the Kanematsu Communications’ network of carrier-certified shops will be complemented and strengthened by the addition of Diamond Telecom’s network and achieve a national network of blue-chip shops, service sophistication through shared human resources and know-how and the enhancement of management efficiency for both companies.
 Name of the acquired company
Contents of business
Date of the business combination
Company name after the combination
Percentage of the voting rights acquired
Diamondtelecom, Inc.
Information communication business involved with sales of mobile communication devices and systems
April 1, 2016
Diamondtelecom, Inc.
100.0%
(3) Acquisition costs and the detail
Acquisition costs (cash consideration)
(4) Acquisition-related costs and its line item
JPY 17,400
    Legal form of the business combination
   Acquisition of the shares of Diamondtelecom, Inc. by Kanematsu Telecom Investment Co., Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. (Kanematsu Telecom Investment Co., Ltd. absorbed the acquired company as of April 1, 2016 and changed its company name to Diamondtelecom, Inc.)
    Acquisition-related costs for the business combination were ¥168 million, and they were recognized in selling, general and adminis- trative expenses in the consolidated statement of income of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016.
(5) Assets and liabilities on the day of the business combination
      (2) Purpose of the business combination
The mobile business of the Consolidated Group is driven mainly by Kanematsu Communications Limited (“Kanematsu Communications”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. With its large market share in the mobile phone sales distribution industry, the mobile business is one of the core businesses as well as one of the focus areas under the Consolidated Group’s medium- term vision, VISION-130.
Diamondtelecom, Inc. (“Diamond Telecom”) has been engaging in the mobile phone sales business for more than 20 years since its foundation in 1994 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, and owns a dominant number of carrier-certi- fied shops throughout Japan.
As a result of the acquisition of Diamond Telecom, the Consolidated Group’s total sales volume combining the sales of the two companies will reach the industry’s top class, and we expect that this will significantly enhance our presence in the mobile phone sales distribution industry.
Fair value of the consideration paid
Cash and cash equivalents Trade receivables
Inventories
Other current assets
Property, plant and equipment Goodwill (Note)
Intangible assets
Other non-current assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Total
JPY 17,400
4,613 12,828 1,212 351 736 1,635 13,930 764
(17,746) (925)
17,400
 70 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
(Note) Goodwill consists primarily of future economic benefits and synergies with the Consolidated Group’s existing businesses.
The total amount of goodwill that is expected to be deductible for tax purposes is ¥12,918 million.

 (6) Effects on cash flows through business combination
(8) Earnings since the acquisition date
JPY Revenue 27,800 Profit 161
There is no pro forma information presented since the business combination occurred at the beginning of the period.
There were no major business combinations that occurred dur- ing the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
(Foods & Grain)
The Foods & Grain segment integrates the handling of a broad array of food and foodstuffs, with operations ranging from sourc- ing raw materials reliably to providing food and foodstuffs, includ- ing high value-added products. Merchandise in this segment includes cooked foods, processed fruits, processed agricultural products, beverage ingredients, animal and fishery products, wheat, rice, soybeans, feedstuff and pet foods.
(Steel, Materials & Plant)
The Steel, Materials & Plant segment operates the domestic and international trade of general steel products including steel plates, bars and wire rods, pipes, and stainless products, carries out over- seas projects such as plant and infrastructure development, and sells machine tools and industrial machinery. Additionally, this seg- ment operates the domestic and international trade of crude oil, petroleum products, LPG, functional chemicals and food products, pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical intermediates, and other products. It also develops environmental materials such as heat shield paints and new technologies, and operates businesses relat- ed to emissions rights.
(Motor Vehicles & Aerospace)
The Motor Vehicles & Aerospace segment primarily operates inter- national trade of aircrafts and aircraft parts, satellite- and aero- space-related products, automobiles, motorcycles and related parts, industrial vehicles, construction machinery, etc., and also provides products with added value based on demand or use.
  Payments for acquisition costs (cash consideration) Cash and cash equivalents on the acquisition date Payments for acquisition of subsidiaries
JPY (17,400)
4,613 (12,786)
 (7) Period of the performance of the acquired company in the consolidated financial statements
The performance of Diamond Telecom from April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017 is included in the consolidated financial statements.
6. Segment Information
(1) Overview of Reportable Segments
The reportable segments of the Consolidated Group are compo- nents of the Consolidated Group for which discrete financial infor- mation is available and are reviewed by the Board of Directors of the Company normally and regularly assesses its business perfor- mance and examines the allocation of management resources.
The Consolidated Group offers a broad array of merchandise and services, using expertise in each business field and trading function from Japan and its international network. Trading func- tions include commercial trade, information gathering, market development, business development and arrangement, risk man- agement and logistics.
The Consolidated Group therefore consists of merchandise and service segments based on its business units: “Electronics & Devices”, “Foods & Grain”, “Steel, Materials & Plant”, and “Motor Vehicles & Aerospace”.
The principal merchandise and services handled by each seg- ment are presented as follows:
(Electronics & Devices)
The Electronics & Devices segment provides a wide range of prod- ucts including electronic parts and components, semiconductor and LCD manufacturing equipment, materials and indirect materi- als related to electronics, coupled with development and proposal services. This segment also conducts retail sales of electric cells, LED, etc. and deals with mobile communications terminals, mobile internet systems, and information and telecommunication equip- ment and security equipment and services.
     KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 71
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(2) Information on reportable segments
The accounting methods for the reportable operating segments are largely consistent with those stated in Note 3. Significant Accounting Policies. Inter-segment revenue and transfers are based on the transaction prices to external customers.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (from April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
(JPY)
Consolidated
   Reportable segment
Others (Note 1)
Adjustment (Note 2)
 Electronics & Devices
Foods & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
Total
         263,310
231,260
153,075
54,453
702,099
12,691
—
714,790
277
 4
 80
 11
 374
 62
 (436)
 —
 263,587
231,265
153,155
54,464
702,743
12,753
(436)
714,790
 17,556
 2,149
 3,930
 2,541
 26,179
 (20)
 2
 26,160
        1,205
562
838
425
3,032
135
(21)
3,145
361
62
19
33
476
1,102
0
1,579
 194,788
 118,829
 121,456
 42,898
 477,972
 9,112
 32,803
 519,889
        873
1,337
83
326
2,620
2,552
(3)
5,169
1,359
600
486
384
2,831
120
153
3,105
 Revenue External Inter-segment
Total revenue Segment profit (loss)
Other profit or loss:
Depreciation and amortization
Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method
Segment assets Other assets:
Investments accounted for using the equity method
Capital expenditures
      Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (from April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
(USD)
Consolidated
   Reportable segment
Others (Note 1)
Adjustment (Note 2)
 Electronics & Devices
Foods & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
Total
         2,478,449
2,176,775
1,440,842
512,548
6,608,613
119,461
—
6,728,075
2,611
 46
 760
 105
 3,523
 586
 (4,109)
 —
 2,481,060
2,176,821
1,441,602
512,653
6,612,136
120,047
(4,109)
6,728,075
 165,256
 20,233
 37,001
 23,927
 246,416
 (195)
 22
 246,243
        11,346
5,299
7,890
4,005
28,540
1,271
(199)
29,611
3,399
591
180
316
4,486
10,374
3
14,864
 1,833,473
 1,118,501
 1,143,230
 403,787
 4,498,992
 85,772
 308,772
 4,893,536
8,220
12,588
790
3,069
24,667
24,024
(29)
48,662
12,800
5,655
4,581
3,619
26,654
1,134
1,447
29,235
 Revenue External Inter-segment
Total revenue Segment profit (loss)
Other profit or loss:
Depreciation and amortization
Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method
Segment assets Other assets:
Investments accounted for using the equity method
Capital expenditures
       (Notes)1. The “Others” column is a business segment that is not included in the reportable segments and includes the logistics and insurance service business and the geotech business.
2. Adjustments are presented as follows:
(1) Adjustment for segment profit (loss) of ¥2 million ($22 thousand) includes inter-segment elimination of ¥2 million ($22 thousand).
(2) Adjustment for segment assets of ¥32,803 million ($308,772 thousand) includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(15,610) million ($(146,936) thousand) and
corporate assets of ¥48,414 million ($455,709 thousand) that are not allocated to any reportable segment. The corporate assets consist mainly of cash and bank
deposits associated with financing activities and assets such as investment securities.
(3) Adjustment for depreciation and amortization of ¥(21) million ($(199) thousand) includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(21) million ($(199) thousand).
(4) Adjustment for Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method of ¥0 million ($3thousand) includes inter-segment elimination of ¥0
million ($3 thousand).
(5) Adjustment for investments accounted for using the equity method of ¥(3) million ($(29)thousand) includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(3) million ($(29)
thousand).
(6) Adjustment for capital expenditures of ¥153 million ($1,447 thousand) includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(0) million ($(3) thousand) and corporate assets of
¥153 million ($1,449 thousand) that are not allocated to any reportable segment. The corporate assets consist mainly of lease equipment related to the information system of the subsidiary.
72 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (from April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
(JPY)
Consolidated
675,579 —
675,579
22,633
2,885 (1,990)
479,717
4,885
4,970
   Electronics & Devices
Revenue
External 254,280 Inter-segment 359
Foods & Grain
227,764 4
227,769
2,489
601 103
106,057
1,354
376
Steel, Materials & Plant
131,201 54
131,256
2,820
620 13
111,957
71
164
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
50,419 0
50,419
2,223
333 31
36,738
308
2,537
Total
663,664 419
664,084
21,881
2,758 (2,346)
428,012
2,266
4,627
Reportable segment
Others Adjustment (Note 1) (Note 2)
11,914 — 62 (481)
11,977 (481)
756 (5)
142 (15) 355 —
10,293 41,412
2,233 385
129 213
   Total revenue
Segment profit (loss)
Other profit or loss:
Depreciation and amortization
Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method
Segment assets
Other assets:
Investments accounted for using the equity method
Capital expenditures
254,640
14,348
1,202 (2,494)
173,258
531
1,548
      (Notes)1. The “Others” column is a business segment that is not included in the reportable segments and includes the logistics and insurance service business and the geotech business.
2. Adjustments are presented as follows:
(1) Adjustment for segment profit (loss) of ¥(5) million includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(5) million.
(2) Adjustment for segment assets of ¥41,412 million includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(13,794) million and corporate assets of ¥55,206 million that are not
allocated to any reportable segment. The corporate assets consist mainly of cash and bank deposits associated with financing activities and assets such as
investment securities.
(3) Adjustment for depreciation and amortization of ¥(15) million includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(15) million.
(4) Adjustment for investments accounted for using the equity method of ¥385 million includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(2) million and corporate assets of ¥387
million that are not allocated to any reportable segment.
(5) Adjustment for capital expenditures of ¥213 million includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(22) million and corporate assets of ¥235 million that are not allocated
to any reportable segment. The corporate assets consist mainly of lease equipment related to the information system of the subsidiary.
Adjustments from segment profit (operating profit) to profit before tax presented in the consolidated statements of income are presented as follows:
 JPY
USD
   2018
   Segment profit
Finance income and finance costs
Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method
Profit before tax
(3) Information on products and services
22,633 (2,767)
(1,990) 17,875
26,160
(1,696)
 This disclosure is omitted because the classification of products and services is the same as that of reportable segments.
1,579
26,043
2017
2018
246,243
(15,972)
14,864
245,135
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 73
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(4) Geographic information
1) External revenue
Japan
Asia
North America Europe
Others
Total
Revenue is classified by country or region based on the locations of customers.
2) Non-current assets (excluding financial assets and deferred tax assets)
Japan
Asia
North America Europe
Others
Total
(5) Information on major customers
JPY USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 592,687
575,263 46,620 36,748 12,771
4,176
5,578,759
51,411
483,920
48,665
458,076
17,397
163,760
4,627
43,560
 714,790
675,579
6,728,075
       JPY USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 42,172
48,204 990 4,946 3,731 33
396,955
991
9,329
6,548
61,637
2,580
24,293
35
336
 52,328
57,906
492,550
       There is no customer whose transaction volume is equal to or more than 10% of the Consolidated Group’s revenue for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017.
 7. Trade and Other Receivables
The breakdown of trade and other receivables is presented as follows:
Notes and accounts receivable Loans receivable
Other
Less: loss allowance
Total
Current assets Non-current assets
Total
Information on changes in loss allowance is provided in Note 30. Financial Instruments: (3) Credit risk management.
JPY USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 215,705
186,705 3,078 4,718
(2,139)
2,030,362
3,425
32,242
5,021
47,267
(1,985)
(18,693)
 222,166
192,363
2,091,178
220,583
191,193 1,169
 2,076,278
1,582
14,900
 222,166
192,363
2,091,178
          8. Inventories
The breakdown of inventories is presented as follows:
Merchandise and finished goods Raw materials and supplies Work in progress
Total
JPY USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 91,334
77,856 1,972 833
859,701
2,045
19,251
577
5,440
 93,957
80,662
884,392
       The amounts of inventories that were recognized as expense during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 are ¥592,212 million ($5,574,288 thousand) and ¥558,429 million, respectively.
The amount of write-downs on inventories that was recognized as expense during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 is ¥365 million ($3,444 thousand), and the amount of reversal of write-downs on inventories that was recognized as income during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 is ¥164 million.
74 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

  9. Property, Plant and Equipment
Changes in costs, accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses of property, plant and equipment are presented as follows:
[Costs]
As of April 1, 2016
Acquisitions
Acquisitions through business combinations
Transfers from construction in progress
(JPY)
 Buildings and structures
16,476
467 501 11
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
25,959
3,616 230 57
(1,952) (83)
(8) 155
27,974
1,331 4 478
(2,676) (289)
(18) 21
26,825
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
(18,605)
(1,611) (4)
1,117 103
Land
12,545
— — —
(1,954) (18)
— —
10,572
2 — 25
(2,365) (6)
— 75
8,303
Land
(425)
— (132)
519 —
Construction in
progress Total
484 55,466
211 4,295 4 736 (68) —
  Disposals (1,037)
Exchange differences (36)
(0) (1)
(4,946) (139)
 Increases (decreases) due to a change in the scope of consolidation
— (11)
(2) Other 60
(41)
588
336 —
(591) (0) (13)
— (16)
301
Construction in progress
—
— — — —
175
55,575
2,493 6
(6) (7,470) (316)
(31) 580
50,831
Total
(28,582)
(1,966) (173)
1,928 109
 As of March 31, 2017 16,439
Acquisitions 822 Acquisitions through business combinations 1 Transfers from construction in progress 80 Disposals (2,427)
 Exchange differences
Increases (decreases) due to a change in the scope of consolidation
Other
As of March 31, 2018
[Accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses]
(6) (12)
500
  15,400
 (JPY)
  As of April 1, 2016
Depreciation
Impairment losses
Disposals
Exchange differences
Increases (decreases) due to a change in the scope of consolidation
Buildings and structures
(9,551)
(355) (37)
290 6
  Other (16)
As of March 31, 2017 (9,663)
Depreciation (630)
(22) —
(19,016) (37)
06——7
— (39)
— (28,717)
— (2,417) — (2,146) — 4,380 — 96
10 15 —
Other (112) 35 (75) —
As of March 31, 2018 (8,413) (19,293) (1,224) —
  Impairment losses
Disposals
Exchange differences
(1,787) — (69) (1) (2,074)
Increases (decreases) due to a change in the scope of consolidation
— 26 (152)
2,047 1,369 963 4 91 —
 (28,930)
  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 75
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

[Carrying amount]
As of March 31, 2017 As of March 31, 2018
[Costs]
As of March 31, 2017
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
8,958 7,532
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
263,317
12,537
40 —
4,502 243 (22,848) (25,196) (22,261)
(JPY)
(USD)
523,114
3,166
— 59
 Buildings and structures
6,776 6,986
Buildings and structures
154,743
Land
10,534 7,079
Land
99,514
Construction in progress
588 301
Construction in progress
5,541
Total
26,858 21,900
    18 759
(5,569) (9) (129)
— (159)
2,842
Construction in progress
—
— — — —
— —
—
Construction in progress
2,842
(64) (70,314) (2,979)
(293) 5,467
478,459 (USD)
Total
(270,306)
(22,755) (20,202) 41,228
905
249 (1,436)
(272,317) (USD)
Total
206,142
(62) (115)
4,714
(2,723) (178)
201
252,501
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
(65) —
710
78,160
Land
Total
  Acquisitions 7,746
Acquisitions through business combinations Transfers from construction in progress Disposals
Exchange differences
Increases (decreases) due to a change in the scope of consolidation
Other
As of March 31, 2018
[Accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses]
Buildings and structures
As of March 31, 2017 (90,957)
Depreciation (5,933)
19
23,469
 144,956
    Impairment losses
Disposals
Exchange differences
Increases (decreases) due to a change in the scope of consolidation
(658) 19,268 41
(178,995) (354)
(16,823) — (12) (19,531)
12,887 9,073 864 —
Other (1,055)
330 (710)
(181,600) (11,523)
100 149 —
 As of March 31, 2018 [Carrying amount]
As of March 31, 2018
(79,194)
Buildings and structures
65,763
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
70,901
Land
66,637
    The amounts of expenditures relating to property, plant and equipment under construction are presented in the table above as “Construction in progress”.
Depreciation for property, plant and equipment are included in “Cost of sales” and “Selling, general and administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of income.
76 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

  10. Goodwill and Intangible Assets
(1) Goodwill
1) Costs, accumulated impairment losses and carrying amount
Changes in costs, accumulated impairment losses and carrying amount of goodwill are presented as follows: [Costs]
   2018
 Balance at the beginning of the year Acquisitions through business combinations Exchange differences
Balance at the end of the year
[Accumulated impairment losses]
Balance at the beginning of the year Impairment losses
Exchange differences
Balance at the end of the year
[Carrying amount]
Carrying amount
2) Impairment test
The Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment annually, and when- ever there is an indication that the Consolidated Groups may be
Electronics & Devices segment
Electronics business of the domestic subsidiaries Mobile business of the domestic subsidiaries
Foods & Grain segment
Pet-related businesses of the domestic subsidiaries
Steel, Materials & Plant segment
Oilfield tubing business of the foreign subsidiaries
The recoverable amounts of the Consolidated Group’s cash-gener- ating units to which significant goodwill has been allocated were calculated based on its value in use founded on the five-year fore- cast that was approved by management.
The five-year forecast of cash flows is based on future plans reflecting past performance. In addition, the main assumption used to determine such forecast was the growth rates of gross profits
JPY USD
7,203
JPY USD
(899)
JPY USD 6,304
impaired. The carrying amount of significant goodwill allocated to the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units was as follows:
JPY USD
1,763 1,635
426
2,271
through such terms, such growth rates being consistent with the forecasts of the nominal GDP growth rates or the like of the coun- tries in which such Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units are situated. The ultimate growth rates are determined by considering the average long-term growth rates of the markets or countries to which the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units belong.
7,203
495
(121)
7,578
2018
(107)
—
2017
5,387
1,842 (25)
(756)
2018
 67,808
 4,662
(1,140)
  71,330
    2018
  (899)
2017
(8,464)
  (143) —
(1,007)
—
 (1,006)
(9,471)
    2018
 6,571
  2018
 1,763
2,123
 319
2,151
2017
2017
2018
 61,859
 2018
 16,597
19,986
3,003
20,250
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 77
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

The pre-tax discount rates which were used in calculating the value in use of the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units to which sig- nificant goodwill has been allocated were as follows:
   2018
 2.8%
6.6%
5.6%
13.4%
    Electronics & Devices segment
Electronics business of the domestic subsidiaries
Mobile business of the domestic subsidiaries
Foods & Grain segment
Pet-related businesses of the domestic subsidiaries
Steel, Materials & Plant segment
Oilfield tubing business of the foreign subsidiaries
2017
3.3% 7.2%
5.7%
13.0%
 With respect to goodwill that has been allocated to the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units, the recoverable amount of such good- will largely exceeds its carrying amount. Thus, even if major assumptions are changed to a reasonable extent, it is unlikely that such changes in major assumptions will reduce the recoverable amounts of the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units below the carrying amount.
(2) Intangible assets
Changes in costs, accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses of intangible assets are presented as follows: [Costs]
(JPY)
  Software As of March 31, 2016 8,636
Total 16,421
614 13,917
(784) (21)
Carrier shop operating rights Other 3,291 4,492 Acquisitions 609 — 4
      Acquisitions through business combinations
Disposals (728)
Exchange differences (3)
Other 13
As of March 31, 2017 8,596
Acquisitions 322 — Acquisitions through
68 13,849 —
— 17,140
4 18 4,427 30,164 63 386
— (55) — (18)
      business combinations
Disposals (313) Exchange differences (18) Other (19) As of March 31, 2018 8,568
[Accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses]
— (14) — (180) — (1)
0—11
   17,140
(328) (198) (20)
30,004
Total
(8,337)
(899) (692) 709
3 (12)
(9,228)
(780) (2)
279 77 1 27
(1,863) (9,626)
4,295
Other
(1,331)
(331) (4)
55 0
(0)
(1,611)
(314) (1)
(JPY)
    Software
As of March 31, 2016 (6,771)
Amortization (568) Impairment losses (688) Disposals 654 Exchange differences 3 Other (12)
As of March 31, 2017 (7,383)
Carrier shop operating rights
(234)
— — — — —
(234)
    Amortization (465)
Impairment losses
Disposals
Exchange differences
Other 25
As of March 31, 2018 (7,528)
0 61
— (1) — 279 — 15 —
—
(234)
  78 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

 [Carrying amount]
Software As of March 31, 2017 1,213 As of March 31, 2018 1,039
[Costs]
Software
As of March 31, 2017 80,915
Acquisitions 3,040
Carrier shop operating rights 16,906 16,906
Carrier shop operating rights
161,341
— —
— — —
161,341
Other 2,816 2,432
Other
41,673
597 10
(138) (1,698) (10)
40,434
Other
(15,166)
(2,959) (13)
3 580 13
(17,542)
Other 22,892
Total 20,935 20,377
Total
283,929
3,636 11
(3,093) (1,871) (190)
282,424
Total
(86,867)
(7,342) (25)
2,635 725 257
(90,615)
Total 191,808
(JPY)
(USD)
       Acquisitions through business combinations
1
Disposals (2,955) Exchange differences (173) Other (180)
  As of March 31, 2018 80,649
[Accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses]
(USD)
(USD)
   As of March 31, 2017
Amortization Impairment losses Disposals
Exchange differences Other
As of March 31, 2018
[Carrying amount]
As of March 31, 2018
Software
(69,494)
(4,383) (12)
2,632 145 244
(70,867)
Software 9,782
Carrier shop operating rights
(2,207)
— — — — —
(2,207)
Carrier shop operating rights 159,134
       The carrier shop operating rights were recognized as intangible assets upon acquisition of the mobile business by the consolidated subsid- iary of the Company. As the rights are expected to exist fundamentally as long as the business continues, they are determined to be classified as intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.
The recoverable amounts of the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units including the carrier shop operating rights were calculated based on its five-year forecast’s value in use that was approved by management. The five-year forecast of cash flows is based on the future plans anticipated based on past performance. In addition, the main assumption used to determine such forecast was the growth rates of gross profits through such terms, such growth rates being consistent with the forecasts of the nominal GDP growth rates or the like of the countries in which such Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units are situated.
The ultimate growth rates are determined by considering the average long-term growth rates of the markets or countries to which the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units belong.
There were no material internally-generated intangible assets as of March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017.
Amortization expenses are included in “Cost of sales” and “Selling, general and administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of income. The discount rates before tax used to determine the value in use of the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units are presented as follows:
2017
Electronics & Devices segment
Mobile business of the domestic subsidiaries 7.0%
With respect to the carrier shop operating rights, the recoverable amounts of the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units largely exceed their carrying amounts. Thus, even if major assumptions are changed to a reasonable extent, it is unlikely that such changes in major assump- tions will reduce the recoverable amounts of the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units below the carrying amount.
    2018
 6.5%
      KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 79
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 11. Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
There are no associates or joint ventures that are material to the Consolidated Group.
The aggregate amounts of interests in individually immaterial associates and joint ventures that are accounted for using the equity method
are presented as follows: [Aggregate carrying amount]
Associates Joint ventures
[Profit or loss from continuing business]
Associates Joint ventures
[Other comprehensive income]
Associates Joint ventures
[Total comprehensive income]
Associates Joint ventures
12. Other Investments
The breakdown of other investments is presented as follows:
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Total
13. Other Current Assets and Other Non-current Assets
The breakdown of other current assets and other non-current assets is presented as follows:
JPY
JPY
JPY
JPY
JPY
JPY
4,497 387
(1,990) (21)
134 —
(1,855) (21)
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
                 2018
2017
 2018
 4,168
5,054 28,063 994
39,237
32,805
308,791
994
9,362
 37,969
34,112
357,390
        2018
2017
 2018
 11,001
10,567 4,299 7,141
103,549
4,766
44,864
7,666
72,161
 23,433
22,008
220,574
19,955
18,200 3,807
 187,834
3,478
32,740
23,433
22,008
220,574
    Advance payments Prepaid expenses Other
Current assets Non-current assets
Total
Total
    80 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
2018
5,057
112
2018
814
764
2018
2018
(57)
—
757
764
2017
2017
2017
2017
2018
 47,604
1,058
 2018
 7,670
7,193
 2018
 (539)
2018
7,131
7,193
—
  
  14. Trade and Other Payables
The breakdown of trade and other payables is presented as follows:
JPY
USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 141,292
120,673 32,992 11,345
1,329,936
36,468
343,263
11,030
103,827
 188,791
165,011
1,777,026
188,791
165,011 —
 1,777,026
—
—
 188,791
165,011
1,777,026
    Notes and accounts payable Import bills payable
Accounts payable - commission
Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
15. Bonds and Borrowings
Total
Total
      The breakdown of bonds and borrowings is presented as follows:
Current portion of bonds
Short-term borrowings
Current portion of long-term borrowings Bonds (excluding the current portion)
Long-term borrowings (excluding the current portion) Total
Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Total
(Note) The “average interest rate” is presented as the weighted average interest rate against the borrowings outstanding at the end of the fiscal year. For the purpose of avoiding the interest rate fluctuation risk for borrowings hedged by derivative transactions, such as interest rate swaps, the average interest rate is calculated using the interest rate after hedging. The interest rate for bonds is presented in the “Details of bonds” below.
    2018
2017 JPY
Average interest rate (Note)
  JPY
USD
Maturity date
  4,987
 46,949
42,653
401,486
13,568
127,716
14,910
140,349
61,205
576,111
 137,326
 1,292,610
 61,210
 576,151
76,116
 716,460
 137,326
1,292,610
  — 40,402 24,240 9,945
59,255
133,844 64,643 69,201
133,844
—— 1.17% — 1.04% —
——
July 2019 1.19% to October
2029
        [Details of bonds]
Issuer
Kanematsu Corporation
Kanematsu Corporation
Kanematsu Corporation
Kanematsu Corporation
2018
2017 JPY
4,974
4,971
—
—
Over three years and within four years
JPY USD
— —
Coupon rate Collateral
0.40% per
annum None
0.64% per
annum None
0.42% per
annum None
0.57% per
annum None
Over four years and within five years
JPY USD
4,965 46,740
    Bond Name
Unsecured Straight Bonds No 1 (3-year bonds)
Unsecured Straight Bonds No 2 (5-year bonds)
Unsecured Straight Bonds No 3 (5-year bonds)
Unsecured Straight Bonds No 4 (7-year bonds)
Issue date
March 10, 2016
March 10, 2016
December 14, 2017
December 14, 2017
JPY
USD
Maturity date
March 8, 2019
March 10, 2021
December 14, 2022
December 13, 2024
Over five years
JPY USD
4,966 46,748
    4,987
 46,949
 4,978
 46,861
 4,965
  46,740
 4,966
46,748
          (Note) The maturity schedule of bonds after the end of the current fiscal year is presented as follows:
  Within one year
JPY USD
Corporate bonds 4,987 46,949
Over one year and within two years
JPY USD
— —
Over two years and within three years
JPY USD
4,978 46,861
   KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 81
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 16. Provisions
Changes in provisions are presented as follows:
  Asset retirement obligations 981
344 (61)
— 46
— 1,310
Asset retirement obligations 9,240
3,244
(580) —
Other 444 117
(5) (55)
— (14)
485
Other 4,183 1,105
(54) (526)
Total 1,426 462
(67) (55) 46
(14) 1,796
Total 13,423 4,349
(633) (526) 434
(137) 16,909
USD
(JPY)
(USD)
  As of April 1, 2017
Provisions made
Provisions used
Provisions reversed
Unwinding of discount
Foreign exchange translation differences
As of March 31, 2018
As of April 1, 2017
Provisions made
Provisions used
Provisions reversed
Unwinding of discount
Foreign exchange translation differences
As of March 31, 2018
The current and non-current portions of provisions are presented as follows:
Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Total
Asset retirement obligations are obligations for restoring offices and shops in accordance with provisions of the property leasing contracts. While these expenditures will be made after at least one year has passed, the amounts may be affected by the future business plan and other factors.
                434
— (137)
—
  12,338 4,571
  JPY
 2018
2017
 2018
 156
28 1,397
1,475
1,639
15,434
 1,796
1,426
16,909
        17. Other Current Liabilities and Other Non-current Liabilities
The breakdown of other current liabilities and other non-current liabilities is presented as follows:
JPY USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 8,392
11,854 3,343 2,918 8,788
78,992
3,337
31,414
3,029
28,515
9,545
89,852
 24,304
26,905
228,773
23,371
26,291 614
 219,989
933
8,784
 24,304
26,905
228,773
     Advances received Accrued expenses Unearned revenue Other
Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Total
Total
    82 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

  18. Equity
(1) Capital management
The Consolidated Group has a basic policy of increasing sharehold- ers’ equity (See Note 1) up to a certain level and strengthening its financial base to enhance its enterprise value through building new businesses and increasing revenues while maintaining a sound financial position.
The Company also sets the maximum ratio of risk assets (See Note 2) and examines the appropriateness of scale of shareholders’ equity in terms of it being a risk buffer to potential loss that could
result from a deterionation in the companies’ respective businesses, so that it could manage shareholders’ equity more minutely.
The key indices which the Consolidated Group uses for manage- ment of shareholders’ equity are as follows, and these indices are periodically reported to and monitored by management.
• Ratio of risk assets
• Net DER(See Note3)
(Note 1) (Note 2)
(Note 3)
Shareholders’ equity is defined as equity attributable to owners of the Parent.
Ratio of risk assets is defined as a ratio of the amount of maximum potential loss to shareholders’ equity. The amount of maximum potential loss is the amount of all assets and off balance sheet transactions on the consolidated financial statements multiplied by the original risk weight set by our consolidated group according to the potential risk of loss.
Net DER is defined as a ratio of net interest-bearing debt to shareholders’ equity, while net interest-bearing debt is the total amount of interest-bearing debt less cash and cash equivalents.
 The figures of net DER as of March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 are presented as follows:
2017 Net DER 0.6
(Unit: times)
   2018
 0.5
    The Consolidated Group is not subjected to any externally imposed capital requirements (except for general requirements, such as those in the Companies Act).
(2) Number of shares authorized to be issued, issued shares and shares of treasury stock
Shares authorized to be issued (No-par common stock)
Shares of treasury stock (No-par common stock)
(Unit: share)
     2018
2017 200,000,000
506,359
    200,000,000
     Issued shares
(No-par common stock)
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes during the period
Balance at the end of the year
84,500,202 — 84,500,202
   (Notes) 1. The number of shares of treasury stock includes treasury stock held by the associates of the Company.
2. The Company consolidated its common shares at a ratio of five shares to one share on the effective date of October 1, 2017. Assuming that the company
consolidated its shares on April 1, 2016, the number of shares after share consolidation is provided.
390,123
84,500,202 — 84,500,202
  (3) Surplus
1) Capital surplus
Capital surplus mainly consists of legal capital surplus.
2) Retained earnings
Retained earnings consist of legal retained earnings and other retained earnings.
The Companies Act of Japan provides that an amount equal to 10% of distribution of surplus for each fiscal year must be
appropriated as legal capital surplus or legal retained earnings until the total aggregate amount of legal capital surplus and legal retained earnings equals 25% of share capital.
Under the Companies Act, the amounts available for distribution are calculated based on the amounts of capital surplus and retained earnings, exclusive of legal capital surplus and legal retained earnings, all of which are recorded in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in Japan.
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 83
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(4) Dividends
1) Amounts of dividends paid
 Resolution
May 22, 2017 Board of Directors meeting
Oct. 31, 2017 Board of Directors meeting
Resolution
May 23, 2016 Board of Directors meeting
Nov. 2, 2016 Board of Directors meeting
Type of stock
Common stock
Common stock
Type of stock
Common stock
Common stock
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Retained earnings
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Retained earnings
Total amounts of dividends
Dividends per share
Yen U.S.$
3.00 0.028
3.50 0.033
Dividends per share
Yen
2.50
3.00
Record date
Mar. 31, 2017
Sep. 30, 2017
Record date
Mar. 31, 2016
Sep. 30, 2016
Effective date
Jun. 5, 2017
Dec. 1, 2017
Effective date
Jun. 6, 2016
Dec. 2, 2016
 JPY
1,263
1,474
USD
11,895
13,877
    Total amounts of dividends
JPY
1,053
1,263
    * The dividends per share resolved by the board of directors meeting on October 31, 2017, with record date on September 30, 2017 are provided as the amounts before share consolidation as of October 1, 2017.
2) Dividends with record date in the current fiscal year, and effective date in the following fiscal year
 Resolution
May 21, 2018 Board of Directors meeting
19. Revenue
Type of stock
Common stock
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Total amounts of dividends
Dividends per share
Record date
Mar. 31, 2018
Effective date
Jun. 4, 2018
USD
USD
 JPY
2,569
USD
24,186
Yen
30.50
U.S.$
0.287
JPY
JPY
   The breakdown of revenue is presented as follows:
Revenue from the sale of goods
Revenue from rendering of services and others
Total
 2018
2017
 2018
 694,337
653,529 22,050
6,535,553
20,453
192,522
 714,790
675,579
6,728,075
        20. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
The breakdown of selling, general and administrative expenses is presented as follows:
 2018
2017
 2018
 2,027
1,822 42,834 6,827 6,320 18,358
19,086
43,444
408,925
7,264
68,378
6,742
63,465
18,941
178,291
 78,420
76,163
738,145
    Depreciation and amortization Personnel expenses Outsourcing service charges Rent expenses
Other
 Total
 84 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

  21. Gain or Loss on Sale or Disposal of Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets
The breakdown of gain or loss on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets is presented as follows:
JPY
USD
   2018
2017
2018
    Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment
Total gain on sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment
Total loss on sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment Loss on disposal of intangible assets
Total loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net
22. Impairment Loss
(1) Breakdown of impairment loss by each class of assets
43
43 (68) (68)
(192) (34) (226)
(250)
543 543
(1)
(1) (83) (73) (157)
384
413
  413
  (642)
  (642)
  (1,809)
(324)
  (2,133)
   (2,361)
   The breakdown of impairment losses by class of assets is presented as follows. Impairment losses for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are included in “Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets” , and impairment losses for good- will are included in “Other expenses” in the consolidated statement of income.
 2018
2017
 2018
 (2,146)
(173) (143) (692)
(20,202)
(107)
(1,007)
(2)
(25)
 (2,255)
(1,009)
(21,233)
    Property, plant and equipment Goodwill
Intangible assets
JPY USD
JPY USD
recoverable amount of ¥602 million ($5,666 thousand). An impair- ment loss of ¥975 million ($9,184 thousand) was also recognized as a result of reducing the carrying amount of assets for transfer of golf business to the recoverable amount of ¥1,566 million ($14,747 thousand). The recoverable amount is based on fair value less costs of disposal and the fair value is estimated mainly based on sale value. The asset belongs to the Other segment.
Regarding the pet-related business of the domestic subsidiary, an impairment loss of ¥107 million ($1,007 thousand) was recog- nized as a result of reducing the carrying amount of goodwill to the recoverable amount of ¥359 million ($3,379 thousand) because future cash flows anticipated to be generated was judged to be lower than originally assumed. The recoverable amount is based on the value in use and it was estimated by discounting future cash flows at a pre-tax rate of 6.55%. The asset belongs to the Foods & Grain segment.
While fair values are categorized into three levels depending on inputs to valuation techniques used, all the fair values above are categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy with its details described in Note 2. Basis of Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements, (4) Use of estimates and judgments.
  Total
 (2) Breakdown by reportable segment
The breakdown of impairment losses by reportable segment is presented as follows:
Electronics & Devices
Foods & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant Other/Adjustment and elimination
 2018
2017
 2018
 (2)
(721) (143) (13) (132)
(25)
(107)
(1,007)
(5)
(49)
(2,141)
(20,153)
 (2,255)
(1,009)
(21,233)
      Total
  For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, an impairment loss of ¥132 million was recognized as a result of reducing the carrying amount of land owned in Japan, which the Company determined to sell, to the recoverable amount of ¥589 million. The recoverable amount was based on fair value less costs of disposal and the fair value was estimated mainly based on the real estate appraisal. The asset belonged to the Other segment.
Regarding the pet-related business of the domestic subsidiary, an impairment loss of ¥143 million was recognized as a result of reducing the carrying amount of goodwill to the recoverable amount of ¥1,027 million because future cash flows anticipated to be generated was judged to be lower than originally assumed. The recoverable amount was based on the value in use and it was esti- mated by discounting future cash flows at a pre-tax rate of 4.61%. The asset belonged to the Foods & Grain segment.
Regarding intangible assets, an impairment loss of ¥656 million was recognized as the enterprise system, which had been in process of development but was abandoned, was evaluated to have a zero recov- erable amount. The recoverable amount was based on the value in use. The asset belonged to the Electronic & Devices segment.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, an impairment loss of ¥1,161 million ($10,928 thousand) was recognized as a result of reducing the carrying amount of idle land owned in Japan to the
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 85
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 23. Exchange Differences
Exchange differences recognized in profit or loss for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 were ¥521 million ($4,913 thousand) and ¥(812) million, respectively and are includ- ed in “Other income” and “Other expenses” in the consolidated statement of income. In addition, each amount includes gains or
24. Finance Income and Finance Costs
The breakdown of finance income and finance costs is presented as follows:
Interest income
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Total interest income
Dividend income
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Total dividend income
Other finance income (Note)
Other finance income
Total other finance income
Total finance income
Interest expenses
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost Derivatives
Total interest expenses
Other finance costs (Note)
Other finance costs
Total other finance costs
losses arising from currency-related derivative transactions that were entered into for the purpose of hedging the foreign currency risk. Gains and losses arising from translating assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency or from settling such items are included in profit or loss as they arise.
 JPY USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 399 22
352
3,316
11
109
 363
421
3,425
209 906
 268
2,525
805
7,580
 1,073
1,116
10,104
—
 10
94
 10
—
94
1,447
1,537
 13,623
(2,033) (270)
 (2,144)
(20,184)
(269)
(2,539)
 (2,414)
(2,304)
(22,723)
(2,000)
 (730)
(6,871)
 (730)
(2,000)
(6,871)
 (3,144)
(4,304)
(29,594)
                Total finance costs
(Note) The amounts of other finance costs are those related to financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and the details are presented in Note 30. Financial
 Instruments: (6)-3)-(ii) Recurring fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
25. Earnings Per Share Attributable to Owners of the Parent
(1) Basic earnings per share
 Yen
U.S. dollar
USD
   2018
   Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share is the same as basic earnings per share as there are no shares with a dilutive effect.
(2) Bases for calculation of basic earnings per share
Profit attributable to owners of the Parent
Amount not attributable to common shareholders of the Parent Profit used to calculate basic earnings per share
Weighted average number of common shares
JPY
95.64
8,049 — 8,049
193.79
  2018
  (Note) The Company consolidated its common shares at a ratio of five shares to one share on the effective date of October 1, 2017. Assuming that the company consolidated its shares on April 1, 2016, earnings per share attributable to owners of the parent is provided.
86 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
16,317
16,317
—
Thousand shares 2017
84,164
2017
2017
2018
1.82
 2018
 153,588
153,588
—
 2018
84,202
 
  26. Other Components of Equity and Other Comprehensive Income
Changes in other components of equity are presented as follows:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations Balance at the beginning of the year
Changes during the period
Balance at the end of the year
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Balance at the beginning of the year
Changes during the period
Reclassification to retained earnings
Balance at the end of the year Cash flow hedges
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes during the period
Balance at the end of the year
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans Balance at the beginning of the year
Changes during the period
Reclassification to retained earnings
Balance at the end of the year Other components of equity
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes during the period Reclassification to retained earnings Balance at the end of the year
JPY USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 2,912 (562)
2,349
22,116
(1,073)
(10,107)
 1,275
2,349
12,009
6,967 2,613
(125)
 9,455
89,005
3,351
31,550
(123)
(1,159)
 12,684
9,455
119,397
(1,393) 1,004
 (388)
(3,660)
(516)
(4,861)
 (905)
(388)
(8,521)
— (384)
384
 —
—
275
2,596
(275)
(2,596)
 —
—
—
8,486 2,671 259
 11,416
107,462
2,037
19,178
(398)
(3,755)
 13,055
11,416
122,884
                   KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 87
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

The breakdown for the amounts of reclassification adjustments and deferred tax in other comprehensive income is presented as follows:
JPY USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 3,690
4,980
46,875
4,980
3,690 (1,019)
 46,875
(1,577)
(14,853)
3,402
2,671 (323)
 32,022
322
3,037
322
(323) 39
 3,037
(14)
(138)
 307
(284)
2,899
(826) (2)
 (1,427)
(13,432)
—
—
 (1,427)
(829)
(13,432)
467 918
 (751)
(7,073)
49
468
(701)
1,386 (401)
 (6,605)
216
2,035
 (485)
984
(4,570)
 113 21
(25)
(238)
(31)
(301)
 (57)
134
(539)
1,740
2,678
 16,380
     Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Amount arising during the year
Amount before deferred tax
Deferred tax
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans Amount arising during the year
Amount before deferred tax
Deferred tax
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations Amount arising during the year
Reclassification adjustments
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations Cash flow hedges
Amount arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Amount before deferred tax Deferred tax
Cash flow hedges
Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted for using the equity method
Amount arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted for using the equity method
Total other comprehensive income
27. Cash Flow Information
(1) Cash and cash equivalents
              The breakdown of cash and cash equivalents and its reconciliation to the amounts presented in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:
JPY
USD
   2018
   Cash and bank deposits except for time deposits with original term of more than three months
Short-term investments with original maturity of three months or less
Cash and cash equivalents
in the consolidated statement of financial position
Cash and cash equivalents
in the consolidated statement of cash flows
(2) Net payment for acquisition of subsidiaries
77,566
77,731
—
2017
77,230 336
731,662
—
  77,731
 The breakdown of the main assets and liabilities of newly acquired subsidiaries at the time control thereof was acquired, and the reconciliation between consideration paid and net payment for the acquisition are presented as follows:
JPY
USD
     Breakdown of assets at the acquisition date
Current assets (including cash and cash equivalents) Non-current assets
Breakdown of liabilities at the acquisition date Current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
19,005 17,066
(17,746) (925)
88 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
2018
 77,731
77,566
731,662
 731,662
 2018
2018
 1,274
300
(242)
(232)
2017
11,997
2,826
(2,282)
(2,188)

 The breakdown of the main assets and liabilities upon loss of control in the subsidiaries or other businesses over which control was lost as a result of the sale, and the relationship between consideration received and net proceeds from the sale are presented as follows:
JPY USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 (1,099)
(17,400) 4,613
(10,354)
737
6,937
(362)
(12,786)
 (3,417)
  Consideration paid
Cash and cash equivalents included in the assets at the time control thereof was acquired
Net proceeds from (payment for) acquisition of subsidiaries
(3) Net proceeds from sale of subsidiaries and transfer of business
      Breakdown of assets upon loss of control
Current assets (including cash and cash equivalents) Non-current assets
Breakdown of liabilities upon loss of control Current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Consideration received 1,638
JPY
JPY
143 61
(85) (9)
66
(72)
(6) —
USD
USD
15,421
(1,954)
(209) 13,676
 2018
2017
 2018
  Cash and cash equivalents included in the assets at the time control thereof was lost
(207)
(22) 1,452
   Net proceeds from (payment for) sale of subsidiaries Net proceeds from transfer of business
(4) Changes in liabilities for financing activities
Changes in liabilities for financing activities are as follows:
  (JPY)
     2018
 117,428
19,898
1,170
 138,497
2017
123,899 9,945 1,285
135,130
2017
Cash flows
(6,211) 9,928
(240)
3,476
Cash flows
(58,468) 93,450
(2,261)
32,720
Non-cash movements
 Exchange differences
Others
  Borrowings Bonds
Lease obligations
Total
(259) — — 24 0 125
(258) 150 Non-cash movements
   years ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017.
2018
505
1,600
(360)
(105)
2017
2018
 4,758
15,063
(3,392)
(989)
(USD)
     2018
 1,105,313
187,298
11,021
 1,303,632
   Borrowings 1,166,219 Bonds 93,617 Lease obligations 12,099
Total 1,271,935
(5) Significant non-cash transactions
There were no significant non-cash transactions for the fiscal
Exchange differences
(2,438) —
1
(2,437)
Others
— 231 1,184
1,415
   KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 89
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 28. Employee Benefits
(1) Post-employment benefits
1) Outline of retirement benefit plans adopted by the Consolidated Group
The Company has a defined benefit pension plan and lump-sum retirement benefit plan covering substantially all employees other than directors and executive officers. The benefit amounts for the defined benefit pension plan are determined based on the period of employees’ enrollment in the plan, contribution granted to employees and other factors. The Company has a responsibility to manage pension assets faithfully and has an obligation to make contributions for the employees enrolled in the plan in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
The pension plan that the Company maintains is a contract-type defined benefit pension plan.
Matters such as asset management performance, status of the plan and accounting treatment are reported to the Management Committee by the Finance Department and the Personnel &
General Affairs Department, which are in charge of operation of the pension plan. These departments hold a meeting on a timely manner to discuss the matters such as a revision to the plan and a change in the asset investment policy.
Most of the subsidiaries have unfunded retirement benefit plans and/or funded pension plans. Employees, other than directors, are entitled to, under most circumstances, upon mandatory retirement at normal retirement age or earlier termination of employment, a lump-sum retirement benefit based on compensation at the time of retirement, years of service and other factors. Certain subsidiar- ies have adopted the defined contribution retirement benefit plan.
2) Defined benefit plan
(i) Net defined benefit liability (asset)
Reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of net defined benefit liability (asset) and the components for the years ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 are presented as follows:
 As of March 31, 2016
Current service cost
Net interest
Remeasurements
Foreign exchange translation difference Employer contributions to the plan Benefits paid
Effect of business combinations and disposals
Other (56)
Present value of the defined benefit obligation
19,082
(8) —
19,625 1,439 69 98
(30) —
19,659
Present value of the defined benefit obligation
184,732
(288) —
(14,774) 199 50
185,046
(JPY)
Net defined benefit liability (asset)
5,772
1,350 14 323
(7) (877) (649)
706 (50)
6,581 1,439 9
(322) (22) (959) (544)
21 13
6,217
Net defined benefit liability (asset)
61,953
13,548 94
(3,037) (211) (9,028) (5,129)
199 132
58,520
Fair value of plan assets
(13,309)
— (40) 123 (61)
Effect of the asset ceiling
—
—
— 261 — — — — —
261 — —
(261) —
— — — —
—
Effect of the asset ceiling
2,461
—
— (2,461)
— — — — —
—
  1,350 54
(1,625) 706
0 (877)
976 — 6
(13,305) —
(59) (159)
8 (959)
1,024 — 5 8
 As of March 31, 2017
Current service cost
Net interest
Remeasurements
Foreign currency translation difference Employer contributions to the plan Benefits paid
Effect of business combinations and disposals Other
As of March 31, 2018
As of March 31, 2017
Current service cost
Net interest
Remeasurements
Foreign currency translation difference Employer contributions to the plan Benefits paid
Effect of business combinations and disposals Other
As of March 31, 2018
(1,569) 21
  (13,442)
Fair value of plan assets
(125,240)
— (556) 930 (1,506)
(USD)
    13,548 650
77 (9,028)
9,645 — 82
(126,526)
  Remeasurements of the defined benefit obligation for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 are the differences arising primarily from changes in financial assumptions.
90 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

 (ii) Reconciliation of ending balances of defined benefit obligation/plan assets and net defined benefit liability/asset presented on the consolidated statements of financial position
JPY
USD
      Defined benefit obligations of funded plan
Plan assets
Net defined benefit liability of funded plan
Defined benefit obligations of unfunded plan
Net liability or asset presented on the consolidated statements of financial position (Before the effect of the asset ceiling)
6,320
  The measurement date used to determine the main benefit obliga- tions is March 31 of each year.
The Company’s funding policy is based on a number of factors including the tax deductibility of contributions, funded status, actuarial calculations and other considerations. Contributions are intended to provide not only for benefits attributable to service to date, but also for those expected to be earned in the future. In addition, the Company may contribute cash to an employee retire- ment benefit trust for any funding deficits in benefit obligations at the fiscal year end.
The Company’s investment policy is designed to increase the value of plan assets within acceptable risk levels to ensure pay- ments of pension benefits to eligible participants, including future participants. Taking into account the return and risk on plan assets
(iii) Plan assets
The composition of the plan assets as of March 31, 2018.
Equity securities
Debt securities
Life insurance company general accounts Other
Total
The composition of the plan assets as of March 31, 2017.
Equity securities
Debt securities
Life insurance company general accounts Other
Total
thereon, the Consolidated Group formulates a strategic asset mix which aims at an optimal portfolio on a long-term basis and super- vise asset management by selecting investment management com- panies and monitoring asset allocations. The strategic asset mix is subject to review in response to changes in expected market condi- tions or funded status. The strategic asset mix is not based on limi- tations but guidelines, and therefore, the actual allocation may temporarily exceed or fall below the guidelines. The Company’s target allocation is 10% equity securities, 44% debt securities, 36% life insurance company general accounts and 10% others.
The Company holds a meeting regularly with the asset manage- ment institutions and discusses important issues regarding pension assets investment.
   Plan assets with a quoted market price in an active market
Plan assets without a quoted market price in an active market
 JPY
USD JPY
USD
 1,382
13,011
(12)
(120)
4,242
39,935
445
4,191
—
—
5,965
56,152
96
 905
 1,323
 12,454
 5,721
53,851
7,721
72,677
     Plan assets with a quoted market price in an active market
JPY
1,253 4,484 — 180
5,918
Plan assets without a quoted market price in an active market
JPY
0 482 6,168 734
7,386
2018
 16,046
(13,442)
2,604
3,613
6,217
2017
15,379 (13,305)
2,073 4,246
151,038
(126,526)
 24,512
34,008
 58,520
     KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 91
2018
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(iv) Significant actuarial assumptions
2017 Discount rate 0.5%
The assumptions used for the actuarial calculation include the expected rate of salary increase, the mortality rate and the retirement rate other than the above.
   2018
 0.4%
      (v) Sensitivity analysis of defined benefit obligations
Increase in the defined benefit obligation with a 50-basis-point decrease in the discount rate
Decrease in the defined benefit obligation with a 50-basis-point increase in the discount rate
JPY
USD
    This analysis is based on the premise that the actuarial assumptions other than the discount rate do not fluctuate and that only the discount rate fluctuates. This method of analysis is based on assumptions, and it is possible that the actual calculation could be influenced by fluctuations in other variables. Even if the discount rate falls below 0%, the calculation is performed assuming the lower limit of the discount rate is 0%.
(vi) Information on maturity profile of the defined benefit obligation
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation for both of the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 was 10.9 years.
(vii) Expected contribution to the plan for the year ending March 31, 2019
The amount of contribution to be made by the Consolidated Group to plan assets for the year ending March 31, 2019 is estimated to be ¥1,059 million ($9,977 thousand).
3) Defined contribution plan
Expenses recognized for the defined contribution plan for the years ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 were ¥172 million ($1,623 thousand) and ¥232 million, respectively.
(2) Employee benefit expenses
Employee benefit expenses recognized for the years ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 were ¥1,744 million ($16,423 thousand) and ¥1,683 million, respectively. Employee benefit expenses are included in “Cost of sales” and “Selling, general and administration expens- es” in the consolidated statement of income.
92 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
2018
735
(969)
2017
845 (994)
2018
 6,919
(9,127)

  29. Current and Deferred Income Tax
(1) Deferred taxes
1) Breakdown of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
The breakdown of main deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities by component is as follows:
Deferred tax assets
Retirement benefits liabilities Loss allowance
Inventories
Impairment loss
Other investments
Golf club memberships
Tax losses carried forward Cash flow hedges
Goodwill
Other
Total deferred tax assets
Offset against deferred tax liabilities Total deferred tax assets, net Deferred tax liabilities
Retained earnings in subsidiaries
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Intangible assets
Other
Total deferred tax liabilities
Offset against deferred tax assets Total deferred tax liabilities, net Net deferred tax assets
2) Details of changes in deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
Details of changes in deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented as follows:
Beginning balance of net deferred tax assets Deferred tax expense
Income tax on other comprehensive income Acquisition through business combinations Other
Ending balance of net deferred tax assets
JPY
USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 1,872 588 477 500 819 195 3,904 173 2,658 4,359
1,643
15,465
2,770
26,076
463
4,360
776
7,311
649
6,118
112
1,059
2,188
20,600
383
3,609
1,872
17,627
4,323
40,696
15,183
15,549 (10,530)
 142,921
(11,487)
(108,128)
 3,696
5,018
34,793
(74) (4,096) (5,292) (1,491)
 (423)
(3,991)
(5,682)
(53,489)
(5,287)
(49,774)
(734)
(6,916)
 (12,129)
(10,954) 10,530
(114,170)
11,487
108,128
 (641)
(424)
(6,042)
 3,054
4,594
28,751
              JPY
USD
   2018
  4,594
2017
 8,786
43,244
   4,594
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 93
2018
 (330)
(1,376)
3,054
70
97
(2,589) (1,381) (17) (203)
(3,114)
(12,956)
662
915
 28,751
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

3) Deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses carried forward for which deferred tax assets were not recognized
The breakdown of deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses carried forward (by expiry date), for which deferred tax assets were not recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position are presented as follows:
 2018
2017
 2018
 9,982
19,466
170 28,172 13,350 251
93,966
19,444
183,025
24,637
231,908
3,257
30,665
223
2,105
 47,563
41,944
447,702
     Deductible temporary differences Tax losses carried forward
Within one year to expiry
Between one and five years to expiry Between five and ten years to expiry Over ten years to expiry
Total tax losses carried forward
4) Temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries for which deferred tax liabilities were not recognized
The total amounts of temporary differences associated with invest- ments in subsidiaries for which deferred tax liabilities were not rec- ognized as of March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 are ¥24,562
(2) Income taxes
1) Breakdown of income taxes
The breakdown of income taxes is presented as follows:
Current tax expense (Note 1) Deferred tax expense (Note 2)
Origination and reversal of temporary differences Reassessment of recoverability of deferred tax assets Total deferred tax expense
Total income taxes
JPY USD
million ($231,203 thousand) and ¥20,136 million, respectively. Because the Consolidated Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of such temporary differences, and it is probable that such temporary differences will not be reversed within the foresee- able future, it did not recognize deferred tax liabilities with respect to such temporary differences.
JPY USD
   2018
2017
 2018
 (6,053)
(4,999)
(1,754) (834)
(56,983)
(2,473)
(23,286)
2,143
20,172
 (330)
(2,589)
(3,114)
 (6,384)
(7,589)
(60,097)
        (Notes) 1. The amounts of the benefits arising from previously unrecognized tax losses or temporary differences of a prior period that were used to reduce current tax expenses for the years ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 were ¥685 million ($6,448 thousand) and ¥22 million, respectively, and these benefits were included in the current tax expenses.
2. Major causes for deferred tax expense by type are loss allowance of ¥2,181 million ($20,538 thousand) and tax losses carried forward of ¥(1,715) million ($(16,151) thousand) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, and tax losses carried forward of ¥(1,724) million and goodwill of ¥(797) million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017.
2) Reconciliation of statutory effective income tax rate in Japan
Reconciliations between the statutory effective tax rate in Japan and the average effective tax rate of the Consolidated Group were as follows:
   2018
 30.8%
0.6%
(8.2)%
1.0%
(0.8)%
1.2%
 24.5%
    Statutory effective tax rate (Adjustments)
Permanent differences—additions such as entertainment expenses
Effect of reassessment of recoverability of deferred tax assets
Effect of tax rate differences
Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method
Other
Average effective tax rate
2017 30.8%
2.9%
4.7%
2.1%
3.3%
(1.4)% 42.5%
   The statutory effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 is calculated to be 30.8% based on the Corporation Tax, Inhabitant Tax and Business Tax in Japan.
94 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

  30. Financial Instruments
(1) Classification of financial instruments
The breakdown of financial instruments for each classification is presented as follows:
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Trade and other receivables
Other investments
Other financial assets
Total financial assets measured at amortized cost
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Other investments
Other financial assets
Total financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Other investments
Total financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Total financial assets
Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
Trade and other payables
Bonds and borrowings
Other financial liabilities
Total financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
Other financial liabilities
Total financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
Total financial liabilities
(2) Basic policies for risk management of financial instruments
The Consolidated Group is an integrated trading company engaged in a wide range of business activities on a global basis. Its headquar- ters includes business sections that handle merchandising, trading, product manufacturing, services, project planning and manage- ment, investments and financing activities, both domestically and internationally. Such businesses are inherently exposed to various risks. The Consolidated Group defines and classifies risks per risk item and manages each of them in accordance with its nature.
(3) Credit risk management
1) Credit risks of financial assets owned by the Company (risk exposure and the occurrence of the relevant risk)
The Consolidated Group extends credit to a large number of cus- tomers in Japan and abroad in diverse business transactions, result- ing in a number of financial assets such as trade receivables, loans and other financial assets. These financial assets provide credit accommodation to the various customers; therefore, the Consolidated Group is mainly exposed to the credit risks related to those customers.
Moreover, other investments include debt instruments that are the investments in the customers, which expose the Consolidated Group to the credit risk arising from deterioration in the financial position of issuers.
Each department manages credit exposure to each customer by assigning credit ratings on a customer-by-customer basis and set- ting credit exposure limits within the framework of the Consolidated Group’s credit risk control.
JPY USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 77,566
77,731
731,662
192,363 994 6,635
 222,166
2,091,178
994
9,362
6,531
61,477
 229,692
199,993
2,162,017
5,054 2,365
 4,168
39,237
382
3,598
 4,550
7,420
42,835
28,063
 32,805
308,791
 32,805
28,063
308,791
344,781
313,043
 3,245,305
165,011 133,844 9,477
 188,791
1,777,026
137,326
1,292,610
7,456
70,183
 333,574
308,334
3,139,820
1,896
 2,406
22,653
 2,406
1,896
22,653
 335,981
310,230
3,162,472
                    2) Responses to the risk owned by the Company (purpose, policy and procedure of the risk management and method used to measure such risks)
The Consolidated Group manages its credit risk to the customers by defining risk management methods and management systems for specific risks in accordance with the regulations on risk man- agement. Based on such regulations, the Consolidated Group miti- gates credit risk through periodical monitoring of the customer’s credit status and undertaking the maturity control and account bal- ance control, while detecting promptly any doubtful accounts caused by deterioration in the financial conditions of customers and other factors. Expected credit losses are recognized and mea- sured through transactions and financial information related to customers available in the course of such credit risk management, while taking macroeconomic conditions such as the number of bankruptcies into consideration.
With regard to loans, the Consolidated Group determines there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial assets since initial recognition in cases where the cash collection of the financial assets was delayed (as well as the case of request for a grace period) after the trade date. However, even when a late pay- ment or request for grace period occurs, the Consolidated Group does not determine that there has been a significant increase in credit risk if such late payment or request for grace period would be attributable to temporary cash shortage, the risk of default would be low and objective data such as external credit ratings would reveal their ability to fulfill the obligation of contractual cash flow in the near future.
  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 95
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

However, the Consolidated Group determines that the credit of the financial assets are impaired, when late payment or request for grace period do not arise from temporary cash shortage but signifi- cant financial difficulty of the debtor and the recoverability of the modified financial assets is significantly doubtful.
The Consolidated Group determines there has been a significant increase in the credit risk of debt instruments since initial recogni- tion when an “investment grade” at the initial recognition deterio- rates to the level below investment grade. For such purpose, rating information provided by major rating agencies is used.
When guaranteeing the debts of its customers, the Consolidated Group establishes the guarantee limit amounts based upon the financial position and business condition of the customers. The guarantee limit amounts are periodically reviewed and maintained at appropriate levels.
When entering into derivative transactions, the Consolidated Group only deals with major financial institutions with high credit ratings assigned by independent rating agencies so as to minimize the credit risks. In addition, the Consolidated Group periodically reviews credit limits in accordance with the internal regulations.
The Consolidated Group considers trade receivables, loans receivable, and debt instruments as default when all or part of those financial instruments are not recovered or the recoverability of those financial instruments is determined to be extremely difficult.
(i) Measurement of expected credit losses on trade receivables
As trade receivables do not contain a significant financing compo- nent, the Consolidated Group measures loss allowance at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses until the trade receivables are recovered. As performing trade receivables com- prise a number of customers, the Consolidated Group measures expected credit loss collectively by grouping those receivables and considering historical credit loss experience. When those receiv- ables are affected by a material economic change, the provision rate calculated based upon the historical credit loss experience is adjusted to reflect current and future economic prospect.
Even when a late payment or request for grace period has occurred, the Consolidated Group does not regard them as past due receivables if such late payment or request for grace period would be attributable to temporary cash shortage as the risk of default would be low, and the debtors are evaluated to have a strong ability to fulfill the obligation of contractual cash flow in the near future.
(ii) Measurement of expected credit losses on other receivables
When credit risk related to loans has not increased significantly since the initial recognition at the end of the reporting period, the Consolidated Group calculates the amount of loss allowance of the financial instruments by estimating the 12-months expected credit losses collectively based upon historical credit loss experience. When those receivables are affected by a material economic change, the provision rate calculated based upon the historical credit loss experience is adjusted to reflect current and future eco- nomic prospect.
However, when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition as of the end of the fiscal year, the Consolidated Group estimates the lifetime credit losses on the financial instruments individually and measures the amount of loss allowance based upon historical credit loss experience and future recoverable amount.
(iii) Measurement of the expected credit losses on the other investments (debt securities)
When credit risk related to debt securities has not increased signifi- cantly since initial recognition at the end of the reporting period, the Consolidated Group calculates the amount of loss allowance of the financial instruments by estimating the 12-months expected credit losses. However, when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition as of the end of the fiscal year, the Consolidated Group estimates the lifetime credit losses on the financial instruments and measures the amount of loss allowance of the financial instruments. When estimating such expected credit losses, the Consolidated Group uses the default rate published by major rating agencies.
The Consolidated Group directly writes off the gross carrying amounts of the credit-impaired financial assets when all or part of the financial assets are evaluated to be uncollectible and determined that it is appropriate to be written off as a result of credit check.
96 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

 3) Quantitative and qualitative information on the amounts arising from expected credit losses
(i) Trade and other receivables
Loss allowance
As of March 31, 2016
1. Reclassification to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
5. Increase (decrease) resulting from changes in the provision rate based on historical credit loss experience
As of March 31, 2017
1. Reclassification to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
5. Increase (decrease) resulting from changes in the provision rate based on historical credit loss experience
As of March 31, 2018
Gross carrying amount
As of April 1, 2016
1. Financial assets reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
As of March 31, 2017
1. Financial assets reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
As of March 31, 2018
Loss allowance
As of March 31, 2017
1. Reclassification to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
5. Increase (decrease) resulting from changes in the provision rate based on historical credit loss experience
As of March 31, 2018
(JPY)
 Lifetime expected credit losses
Credit-impaired financial assets
2,375
63 (138) — (166)
 Collective assessment
7
— (4)
3
— 0 — —
(0)
3
Collective assessment
163,646
(63)
28,502 — —
192,085
(42)
29,869 — —
221,912
Collective assessment
35
— 5 — —
(2)
37
  (0) 0
1 —
2,135
37 (106) (80) (3)
—
1,981
     (JPY)
 Lifetime expected credit losses
  Credit-impaired financial assets
 2,737
63
(219) (166)
1
2,416
42
(134) (80) (3)
2,239
      Lifetime expected credit losses
(USD)
  Credit-impaired financial assets
20,099
349 (1,000) (762) (31)
—
18,656
     KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 97
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Gross carrying amount
As of March 31, 2017
1. Financial assets reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
As of March 31, 2018
(ii) Other investments (debt instrument securities)
Loss allowance
As of April 1, 2016
1 Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
(a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses
(b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
(c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Increase (decrease) due to changes in default rate
As of March 31, 2017
1 Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
(a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses
(b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
(c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Increase (decrease) due to changes in default rate
As of March 31, 2018
Lifetime expected credit losses
(USD)
  Collective assessment
1,808,037
(399)
281,150 — —
2,088,788
12 months
0
Credit-impaired financial assets
22,746
399
(1,268) (762) (31)
21,083
    (JPY)
 Expected credit losses
Individual assessment
—
Lifetime
  ———
——— ———
———
—— — —— — 5— —
5— —
———
——— ———
———
—— — —— — (0) — —
5 — —
Credit-impaired financial assets
—
      98 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

 (JPY)
  Gross carrying amount
As of April 1, 2016
1. Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
12 months
Expected credit losses
Individual assessment
Lifetime
 Credit-impaired financial assets
 1,000 —
—
 (a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses ———
(b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets ———
(c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
———
2. Incurrence or collection ——— 3. Direct write-off ——— 4. Other changes ———
———
  As of March 31, 2017
1. Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
1,000 — —
———
 (a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses ———
(b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets ———
(c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection 3. Direct write-off
4. Other changes
As of March 31, 2018
Loss allowance
As of March 31, 2017
1. Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
———
— —— — —— — ——
1,000 ——
   (USD)
  12 months
Expected credit losses
Individual assessment
Lifetime
 Credit-impaired financial assets
 53 —
—
 (a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses ———
(b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets ———
(c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Increase (decrease) due to changes in default rate
As of March 31, 2018
Gross carrying amount
As of March 31, 2017
1. Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
———
———
 —— —— (2) —
51 —
— — —
—
  (USD)
  12 months
Expected credit losses
Individual assessment
Lifetime
  9,413 —
Credit-impaired financial assets
—
 (a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses ———
(b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets ———
———
 (c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
———
2. Incurrence or collection ——— 3. Direct write-off ——— 4. Other changes ———
 As of March 31, 2018
9,413 — —
 (iii) There is no contractual, uncollected balance for financial assets written off during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, for which collecting efforts are still being made.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 99
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

4) Credit risk exposure
(i) Trade and other receivables
As of March 31, 2018
Performing receivables Past due receivables
Total
 Balance of receivables (gross)
JPY USD
Provision rate based on historical credit loss experience
Lifetime expected credit losses
JPY USD
    221,912
 2,088,788
 0.00%
 3
 37
2,239
 21,083
 88.49%
 1,981
 18,656
 224,152
2,109,871
—
1,985
18,693
   Past due receivables include loans receivable of ¥1,760 million ($16,569 thousand), for which a loss allowance of ¥1,502 million ($14,141 thousand) has been already recognized.
As of March 31, 2017
Performing receivables Past due receivables
Balance of receivables (gross) JPY
192,085 2,416
Provision rate based on historical credit loss experience
0.00% 88.37%
Lifetime expected credit losses JPY
3 2,135
     Total
Past due receivables include loans receivable of ¥1,876 million, for which a loss allowance of ¥1,595 million has been already recognized.
194,502
(ii) Other investments (Debt instrument securities)
As of March 31, 2018
External rating
AAA-AA A BBB-BB B
Total As of March 31, 2017
External rating
—
Gross carrying amount Debt instrument securities
2,139
12 months
      Lifetime
 JPY
USD
Gross carrying amount Debt instrument securities
JPY
USD
 —
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,000
9,413
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,000
9,413
          Lifetime JPY —
Total — 1,000
12 months JPY
   AAA-AA A—— BBB-BB — 1,000 B——
—
  100 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

 5) Maximum exposure to credit risks
The Consolidated Group’s maximum exposure to credit risks is as follows:
The Consolidated Group’s maximum credit risk exposure (gross) represents the amount of the maximum exposure with respect to credit
risks without taking into account any collateral held or other credit enhancement. The Consolidated Group’s maximum credit risk exposure (net) represents the amount of the maximum exposure with respect to credit risks reflecting the mitigation effect of the collateral held or other credit enhancement.
As of March 31, 2018
Cash and cash equivalents
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Trade and other receivables
Other financial assets
Other investments Total
Gross carrying amount
JPY USD
Loss allowance
Maximum
credit risk exposure (gross)
Total collaterals pledged and credit enhancements
Maximum
credit risk exposure (net)
JPY USD
  JPY
USD JPY
USD JPY USD
  77,731
 731,662
 —
 —
 77,731
 731,662
 —
 —
 77,731
 731,662
224,152
2,109,871
(1,985)
(18,693)
222,166
2,091,178
(126)
(1,186)
222,040
2,089,992
6,913
65,075
—
—
6,913
65,075
—
—
6,913
65,075
1,000
 9,413
 (5)
 (51)
 994
 9,362
 —
 —
 994
 9,362
 309,798
2,916,021
(1,991)
(18,744)
307,806
2,897,277
(126)
(1,186)
307,680
2,896,091
    The amount of loss allowance for credit-impaired financial assets is reduced by ¥126 million ($1,186 thousand) through collateral pledged and credit enhancements.
 As of March 31, 2017
Cash and cash equivalents
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Trade and other receivables Other financial assets Other investments
Gross Loss carrying amount allowance
JPY JPY
77,566 —
194,502 (2,139) 6,635 — 1,000 (5)
Maximum credit risk exposure (gross)
JPY
77,566
192,363 6,635 994
Total collaterals pledged and credit enhancements
JPY
—
(141) —
—
Maximum
credit risk exposure (net)
JPY
77,566
192,221 6,635 994
    Total
The amount of loss allowance for credit-impaired financial assets is reduced by ¥141 million through collateral pledged and credit enhancements.
279,704 (2,144)
277,560
(141)
277,418
   KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 101
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(4) Liquidity risk management
The Consolidated Group raises funds through borrowings from financial institutions or issuance of bonds. Accordingly, in the event of a dis- ruption to the financial system or financial/capital markets, or a major downgrade of the Consolidated Group’s credit rating by a rating agen- cy, the Consolidated Group’s fundraising becomes constrained and consequently there is a possibility that the Consolidated Group will not be able to carry out the payment on the date of payment.
The Consolidated Group has sufficient levels of cash and cash equivalents and maintains a long-term (unused) commitment line agreement with a major financial institution in the amount of ¥10.0 billion ($94,127 thousand) to ensure liquidity and stability of funds. The Consolidated Group makes efforts to maintain good relationships with each financial institution.
1) Non-derivative financial liabilities
The breakdown of non-derivative financial liabilities by due date is presented as follows: As of March 31, 2018
 Within one year
Between one and five years
Over five years
Total
 JPY USD JPY
USD
JPY
USD
JPY
USD
  188,791
 1,777,026
 —
 —
 —
 —
 188,791
 1,777,026
5,100
48,007
10,254
96,519
5,048
47,521
20,403
192,047
57,122
537,675
61,419
578,121
1,283
12,085
119,826
1,127,880
428
4,032
778
7,324
113
1,066
1,319
12,422
3,728
35,098
—
—
0
3
3,729
35,101
951
8,955
—
—
1,498
14,101
2,449
23,056
106
 1,004
 —
 —
 —
 —
 106
 1,004
 256,229
2,411,796
72,451
681,964
7,944
74,776
336,625
3,168,537
 Trade and other payables Bonds
Borrowings
Lease obligations
Deposits received Guarantee deposits received Other
Total As of March 31, 2017
Trade and other payables
Bonds 52 Borrowings 65,697
Between one and five years
Over five years
JPY
—
— 6,052 62 2,916 1,464 —
   The Consolidated Group has guarantee obligations of ¥1,830 million ($17,226 March 31, 2017 respectively
102 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
Within one year
JPY
JPY
— 10,112 55,088 939 — — —
66,140
Total
JPY
165,011 10,164 126,838 1,437 5,624 2,449 118
  Lease obligations
Deposits received
Guarantee deposits received
Other 118
Total 235,008
165,011
436 2,707 984
 10,495
thousand) and ¥1,881 million as of March 31, 2018 and
311,645
 
 2) Derivative liabilities
The breakdown of derivative liabilities by due date is presented as follows: As of March 31, 2018
 Within one year
JPY USD
Between one five years
JPY
Between one five years
JPY
64 67
3
593
—
596
and
USD
and
Over five years
Total
 JPY
USD
JPY
USD
         44,421
418,121
2,496
23,499
581
5,475
47,499
447,095
45,983
 432,831
 2,585
 24,337
 627
 5,906
 49,196
 463,074
 1,562
14,710
89
838
45
431
1,697
15,979
 215
 2,026
 400
 3,768
 —
 —
 615
 5,794
 128
  1,208
  —
  —
  —
  —
  128
  1,208
 1,906
17,944
489
4,606
45
431
2,441
22,981
 Currency-related derivatives Cash inflows
Cash outflows
Sub total Interest rate-related derivatives Commodity-related derivatives
Total As of March 31, 2017
Currency-related derivatives Cash inflows
Cash outflows
Sub total
Interest rate-related derivatives
Commodity-related derivatives
Total
(5) Market risk management
Within one year
JPY
33,361 34,098
737
268
317
1,323
Over five years
Total
JPY
33,425 34,165
740
876
317
1,934
       JPY
— —
—
15
—
15
       Since the Consolidated Group operates a broad array of businesses around the world, it is directly and indirectly affected by political developments and economic conditions in countries where it has a presence, including changes in supply and demand situations. Operations of the Consolidated Group are exposed to risks stem- ming from fluctuations in foreign exchange rate, interest rate, commodity price and share price.
In many cases, the foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and risk of price fluctuations associated with goods traded incidental to business transactions are transferred to trade partners, etc. in the form of transaction terms. In addition, the Consolidated Group has established a system under which a limit (position limit) and a loss limit are set for foreign exchange, funds (interest rates), products and their derivatives, taking into account the scale of the risk and the income of each internal unit and company, so that it can quick- ly reduce its position when the predetermined limit is exceeded.
Also, the price fluctuation risk of these positions is mitigated by using derivatives as a hedge.
1) Foreign currency risk
(i) Nature of foreign currency risk and its management policy
The Consolidated Group is engaged in foreign currency transac- tions in various currencies and terms incidental to its export and import trading. The Consolidated Group not only transfers the risk of currency fluctuations to customers in accordance with transac- tion terms but also participates in derivatives transactions such as forward contracts to reduce the risk.
The Company also has local subsidiaries and business corpora- tions overseas. Account balances at these companies are converted into yen at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the report- ing period, for the purposes of preparing consolidated financial statements. As a result, net assets may change through exchange difference of foreign operations associated with exchange rate fluctuations.
In principle, the Consolidated Group enters into forward exchange contracts to hedge against the exchange rate currency fluctuation risk of foreign currency-denominated receivables and payables that are controlled by currency and by contract month. The Consolidated Group also enters into forward exchange con- tracts to hedge against foreign currency-denominated receivables and payables that are highly probable to arise from export/import- related forecast transactions.
(ii) Sensitivity analysis of foreign currency risk
In regards to financial instruments held by the Consolidated Group as of the end of the consolidated year, the following chart shows the amounts affecting profit before tax and other comprehensive income (before tax effect adjustments), as reported in the consoli- dated financial statements, that would result from 1% apprecia- tion of Japanese Yen against U.S. dollars.
Such analysis is based on the assumption that other factors are held constant.
In addition, such analysis does not include the affected amounts based on translations (into Japanese yen) of financial instruments denominated in functional currency, income and expenses denominat- ed in foreign currency and assets and liabilities of foreign operations.
  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 103
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

   2018
   Profit before tax U.S. dollar
Other comprehensive income U.S. dollar
2) Interest rate risk
(i) Nature of interest rate risk and its management policy
The Consolidated Group raises most funds needed for operating and financing activities in the form of borrowings from financial institutions at variable interest rates, with the exception of certain loans. Since these borrowings and fund management are exposed to an interest rate risk, interest expenses for the Consolidated Group may increase with a rise in interest rates.
The Company and certain consolidated subsidiaries enter into interest rate swap contracts to avoid the interest rate fluctuation risk stemming from the borrowings.
Profit before tax
3) Commodity price risk
(i) Nature of commodity price risk and its management policy
In its mainstay commodity trading business in Japan and overseas, the Consolidated Group deals with grains and petroleum products as well as electronic parts and information, communications and technology (ICT) products. Grains and petroleum products will be influenced by market conditions, while electronic parts and ICT products are exposed to the risk of frequent price erosion caused by competition and obsolescence resulting from technological innovation. When the positions in these commodities increase, the Consolidated Group will be exposed to the commodity price fluc- tuation risk stemming from rapid movements in commodities pric- es or a decline in demand.
Profit before tax Foods
Fuels
Other comprehensive income
Foods Fuels
4) Share price risk
(i) Nature of share price risk and its management policy
The Consolidated Group holds marketable securities, which are exposed to the market price fluctuation risk.
The Consolidated Group attempts to reduce share price risk by periodically reviewing its shares held by the Consolidated Group and selling those shares that it holds without strong rationale.
Other comprehensive income 104 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
JPY USD
(26) (230)
(ii) Sensitivity analysis of interest rate risk
In regards to financial instruments held by the Consolidated Group at the end of the reporting period, the following table shows the amounts affecting profit before tax assuming that the interest rate increases by 1%.
Under the analysis, the amounts affecting profit before tax are calculated by multiplying the net balance of floating rate financial instruments as of March 31, 2018 and 2017 by 1%, without con- sidering future changes in the net balance, currency exchange fluc- tuations and dispersing effects for floating rate borrowings derived from the difference in timing of refinancing and resetting of the interest rate, and based on the assumption that all the other vari- ables are held constant.
JPY USD (758)
The Consolidate Group strives to reduce our exposure to price vol- atility by hedge-selling commodities, matching the quantity and timing of buying and selling, and utilizing commodity-related deriv- atives for hedging purposes.
(ii) Sensitivity analysis of commodity price risk
In regards to commodity-related derivatives held by the Consolidated Group at the end of the reporting period, the follow- ing table shows the amounts affecting profit before tax and other comprehensive income (before the tax effect) assuming that the commodity price decreases by 1%.
The analysis is performed based on the assumption that all the other variables are held constant.
JPY USD
(88) (68) (19)
0
0 —
(ii) Sensitivity analysis of share price risk
In regards to listed shares held by the Consolidated Group at the end of the reporting period, the following table shows the amounts affecting other comprehensive income (before the tax effect) assuming that the share price decreases by 1%.
The analysis is performed based on the assumption that all the other variables are held constant.
JPY USD (160)
(4)
(246)
2017
2018
 (44)
(2,323)
   2018
   (779)
     (19)
(2)
(2)
—
  2018
   (186)
2017
2017
2018
 (7,340)
 2018
(67)
(47)
2017
2018
 (634)
(449)
(185)
(23)
(23)
2018
(1,758)
—
  
 (6) Fair value of financial instruments
1) Fair value measurement
Fair values of financial instruments are presented as follows:
Fair values are categorized into three levels of the fair value hierarchy depending on inputs to valuation techniques; details are described in
Note 2. Basis of Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements: (4) Use of estimates and judgments.
2) Financial instruments measured at amortized cost
    2018
2017
  Type
Financial assets
Trade and other receivables
Other investments (Debt instrument securities)
Guarantee deposits Other financial assets Total
Financial liabilities
Bonds and borrowings
Long-term lease obligations
Long-term deposits received Long-term guarantee deposits received
Total
Carrying amount
Fair value
Carrying amount
1,169 994
3,679 616
6,459
69,201 899 2,916 1,464
74,481
Fair value
1,169 994
3,679 616
6,459
69,289 899 2,916 1,464
74,569
 JPY
USD
JPY
USD
JPY
     1,582
14,900
1,582
14,900
994
9,362
994
9,362
3,867
36,399
3,867
36,399
612
 5,769
 612
 5,769
 7,057
66,430
7,057
66,430
    76,116
716,460
76,269
717,894
788
7,419
788
7,419
0
3
0
3
1,498
 14,101
 1,498
 14,101
 78,403
737,983
78,555
739,417
          The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables, other finan- cial assets, trade and other payables, bonds and borrowings and other financial liabilities, all of which are categorized into current assets or current liabilities of financial instruments measured at amortized cost, approximate their fair values; therefore, those amounts are not included in the table above.
The fair values stated above are calculated as follows:
(I) Trade and other receivables
(v) Bonds and borrowings
 The fair value of trade and other receivables is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
(ii) Other investments (Debt instrument securities)
The fair value of other investments is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate applicable to similar financial assets.
(iii) Guarantee deposits
The fair value of guarantee deposits is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
(iv) Other financial assets
The fair value of other financial assets is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
The fair value of bonds is determined based on
The fair value of borrowings is the present value of the sum of principal and interest payments discounted using an assumed inter- est rate on equivalent incremental borrowings.
(vi) Long-term lease obligations
The fair value of long-term lease obligations is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
(vii) Long-term deposits received
The fair value of the long-term deposits received is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
(viii) Long-term guarantee deposits received
The fair value of long-term guarantee deposits received is the pres- ent value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
Financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized cost are cate- gorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
their market price.
  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 105
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

3) Financial instruments measured at fair value
(i) Analysis of fair value by hierarchy level
The following tables provide the breakdown by hierarchy level of financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. No financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. There were no material transfers between different levels for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017.
As of March 31, 2018
Assets
Other investments
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Stock
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Stock
Other financial assets
Derivative transactions: Foreign exchange Interest rate Commodity
Liabilities
Other financial liabilities
Derivative transactions: Foreign exchange Interest rate Commodity
Total As of March 31, 2017
Assets
Other investments
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
  JPY
USD
JPY
USD
JPY
USD
JPY
USD
         —
—
—
—
4,168
39,237
4,168
39,237
18,672
175,754
—
—
14,133
133,038
32,805
308,791
—
—
286
2,693
—
—
286
2,693
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
96
905
—
—
—
—
96
905
        —
—
(1,697)
(15,979)
—
—
(1,697)
(15,979)
—
—
(580)
(5,466)
—
—
(580)
(5,466)
(128)
 (1,208)
 —
 —
 —
 —
 (128)
 (1,208)
 18,639
175,451
(1,992)
(18,752)
18,302
172,275
34,950
328,973
      Level 1 JPY
Level 2 JPY
—
—
—
1,048 — 3
(740) (838)
— (526)
Level 3 JPY
5,054
12,049
1,033
— — —
— — —
18,137
Total JPY
5,054
28,063
1,033
1,048 — 283
(740) (838) (317)
33,587
   Stock —
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Stock 16,014 Other financial assets
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Convertible bonds Derivative transactions:
Foreign exchange Interest rate Commodity
Liabilities
Other financial liabilities
Derivative transactions: Foreign exchange Interest rate Commodity
Total
—
—
— 280
—
  — (317)
15,976
   106 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

 The methods of determining the fair value of the above instru- ments are described as follows:
(a) Other investments and convertible bonds
The fair value of listed shares is the quoted price in an active mar- ket, and is categorized within fair value hierarchy Level 1.
The fair value of unlisted shares is calculated using valuation methods including discounted future cash flows, market prices of comparable companies, net asset value, and other valuation meth- ods, and is categorized within fair value hierarchy Level 3. Measuring the fair value of unlisted shares involves the use of unobservable inputs such as discount rate and valuation multiples, as well as any necessary adjustments including discounts for a lack of liquidity.
The fair value of convertible bonds is calculated using valuation methods including discounted future cash flows and net asset value, and is categorized within fair value hierarchy Level 3.
The Company determines the policies and procedures for mea- suring the fair value of unlisted shares and convertible bonds, and reviews the approach to measuring fair value on a recurring basis including the valuation model, by obtaining the information on
business operations and business plans associated with each equity issuer and confirming the data from comparable public companies.
(b) Derivative financial assets and liabilities
Currency-related derivatives
The fair value of forward exchange transactions is calculated based on the forward exchange rate at the end of the fiscal year.
Interest rate-related derivatives
The fair value of interest-rate swaps is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to set- tlement, as well as market conditions.
Commodity-related derivatives
The fair value of commodity futures transactions is calculated using final prices on commodities exchanges as of the fiscal year-end. The fair value of commodity swap transactions is calculated based on the index prices publicly announced at the end of the fiscal year.
Commodity futures transactions are categorized within Level 1 of fair value hierarchy. All other derivative financial assets and lia- bilities are categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
    (ii) Recurring fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy
The changes in financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are presented as follows. There were no material transfers between different levels for the years ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017.
       Other investments
2018
Other financial assets
Total
2017
Other Other investments financial
assets Total
FVPL FVOCI FVPL
JPY JPY JPY JPY
5,637 10,836 — 16,474
(2,000) — — (2,000)
— 1,025 — 1,025
— 223 33 257 — (36) — (36)
(79) — — (79)
————
   FVPL
FVOCI
FVPL
 JPY
USD
JPY
USD JPY
USD JPY
USD
  5,054
 47,577
 12,049
 113,413
 1,033
 9,729
 18,137
 170,719
        (730)
(6,871)
—
—
10
94
(720)
(6,777)
—
—
2,106
19,827
—
—
2,106
19,827
—
—
61
576
—
—
61
576
—
—
(117)
(1,110)
(1,010)
(9,507)
(1,127)
(10,616)
(158)
(1,492)
—
—
—
—
(158)
(1,492)
—
—
0
1
—
—
0
1
2
 24
 35
 330
 (33)
 (317)
 3
 38
 4,168
39,237
14,133
133,038
—
—
18,302
172,275
  Balance at
the beginning of the year
Total gains or losses
Profit or loss (Note1)
Other comprehensive income (Note 2)
Purchase Sale
Foreign currency translation difference
Increase (decrease) due to changes
in scope of consolidation
Other
Balance at the end of the year
1,497 —
5,054 12,049
1,000
1,033
(2,497)
18,137
       FVPL: Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.
FVOCI: Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
(Notes) 1. The gains or losses are included in “Other finance income” or “Other finance costs” in the consolidated statement of income. Of those gains or losses recognized
in profit or loss, the amounts arising from financial instruments that were held at the period end are ¥(730) million ($(6,871) thousand) for the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018 and ¥(2,000) million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017.
2. The gains or losses are included in “Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income” in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 107
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(iii) Quantitative Information about the financial instruments categorized within fair value hierarchy Level 3
The following tables present quantitative information on the material assets categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, which were measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
As of March 31, 2018
Category
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit
or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit
or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
As of March 31, 2017
Category
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Fair value
Weighted average of input values
  JPY
USD
Valuation technique
Significant unobservable inputs
  2,668
 25,118
 Discounted cash flow method
Discount rate
 3.3 %
 1,500
  14,119
  Net asset value method —
  —
 13,119
123,491
Market multiple method
P/B ratio Illiquidity discount
1.3 times 30.0 %
 1,014
 9,547
 Net asset value method —
 —
       Fair value JPY
3,590
2,497 10,984 1,064
Valuation technique
Significant unobservable inputs
Discount rate
—
P/B ratio Illiquidity discount
—
Weighted average of input values
3.7%
—
1.1 times 30.0%
—
  Discounted cash flow method Net asset value method Market multiple method
Net asset value method
    The significant unobservable inputs used in measuring the fair value of unlisted shares are the discount rate, illiquidity discount and P/B ratio (price-to-book ratio). A substantial increase (or decrease) in the discount rate or illiquidity discount causes the fair value to substantially fall (or rise), while a substantial increase (or decrease) in the P/B ratio causes the fair value to substantially rise (or fall).
108 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

 (7) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
With respect to investments in equity instruments held for the purpose of maintaining and strengthening relationships with business part- ners, the Consolidated Group has designated such investments as financial assets to be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income in view of the holding purpose.
1) Fair value of major items of investment
The following tables present the fair value of major items of investment in equity instruments designated as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
As of March 31, 2018
MARUDAI FOOD CO., LTD. Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc. Nissin Seifun Group Inc. nms Holdings Corporation BOT Lease Co., Ltd.
Name of issuer
Amount
  JPY
USD
  3,078
 28,975
2,837
26,704
1,919
18,065
1,910
17,983
1,701
16,019
1,687
15,885
1,299
12,234
1,152
10,851
1,011
9,517
924
8,698
15,283
143,859
  Sotsu Corporation
SHIN KURUSHIMA DOCKYARD CO., LTD. DAIO PAPER CORPORATION
The Norinchukin Bank
F.C.C. Co., Ltd.
Other
  As of March 31, 2017
MARUDAI FOOD CO., LTD. Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc. Nissin Seifun Group Inc. BOT Lease Co., Ltd.
Name of issuer
Amount JPY
2,921 2,815 1,511 1,414 1,304 1,190 1,093 1,061
686
634 13,427
     SHIN KURUSHIMA DOCKYARD CO., LTD. Sotsu Corporation
DAIO PAPER CORPORATION
The Norinchukin Bank
F.C.C. Co., Ltd. Alpha Group Inc. Other
   KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 109
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

2) Dividendincome
Investments derecognized during the year Investments held at the end of the year
Total
JPY USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 0
3 902
8
804
7,572
 805
906
7,580
       3) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income that were derecognized during the fiscal year
The Consolidated Group periodically reviews its held shares and sells those shares that it holds without a strong rationale with gains or losses on sale recognized in other comprehensive income. The following table presents the fair value on the date of sale and cumulative gains or losses on sale.
JPY
USD
      Fair value on the date of sale Cumulative gains (losses) on sale
4) Reclassification to retained earnings
647 132
The Consolidated Group reclassifies to retained earnings cumulative gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income in either of the following cases: when an investment is disposed of, or when there is a significant decline in the fair value. Such cumulative gains or losses in other comprehensive income that were reclassified to retained earnings for the years ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 were ¥123 million ($1,159 thousand) and ¥125 million, respectively.
(8) Hedge Accounting
(Cash Flow Hedge)
A cash flow hedge is a hedge of the exposure to variability in future cash flows arising from a forecast transaction or recognized assets or lia- bilities. While a hedge is designated as cash flow hedge as long as the hedge is effective, the changes in the fair value of qualifying hedging instrument should be recorded as other comprehensive income in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income. The Consolidated Group continues such accounting treatment until variability in future cash flows arising from unrecognized forecast transactions or recog- nized assets or liabilities designated as hedged items are recorded in profit or loss. Moreover, portions determined to be ineffective for hedg- ing accounting are recognized in profit or loss.
The Consolidated Group designates the following instruments as cash flow hedges: forward exchange contracts to fix cash flows from for- eign currency denominated receivables and payables, foreign currency denominated firm commitments and foreign currency denominated forecast transactions, interest rate swaps to fix variable interest rate on floating rate financial liabilities, and commodity futures to fix cash flows from forecast transactions of commodity trade.
When applying hedge accounting, the Consolidated Group confirms that there are economic relationships between the hedged items and hedging instruments through qualitative assessments, which show whether the critical terms of the hedging instruments and the hedged items match exactly or are closely aligned, and quantitative assessments, which show fluctuations of the value of hedged items and hedging instruments by the same risk offset each other, in order to confirm there are economic relationships that variability in fair value or cash flows of the hedged items that are attributable to the hedged risk shall be offset by the changes in fair value or cash flows of the hedging instru- ments. The Consolidated Group also establishes appropriate hedge ratios considering an economic relationship between hedging instru- ments and hedged items as well as risk management strategy.
The amounts recognized in profit or loss for the ineffective portion of the hedge are not material both for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017. In addition, the amounts reclassified from valuation differences on cash flow hedges to profit or loss are immate- rial because the forecast transactions are no longer expected to occur.
Following are the carrying amounts of the hedging instruments as of March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017. The fair value of financial assets related to hedging instruments is included in “Other financial assets” while the fair value of financial liabilities related to hedging instruments is included in “Other financial liabilities (current)” or “Other financial liabilities (non-current)” in the consolidated statements of financial position.
As of March 31, 2018
Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
Notional amount
Carrying amount
  110 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
JPY
USD JPY
USD
Derivative assets
Derivative liabilities
JPY USD
2018
242
130
2017
2018
 2,287
1,224
        30,823
290,128
67
637
720
6,784
23,500
221,197
—
—
580
5,466
686
6,466
8
82
38
366
  
 As of March 31, 2017
Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
Notional amount
JPY
30,026 28,600 435
Carrying amount
  Derivative assets
JPY
503 — 16
Derivative liabilities
JPY
250 838 4
   The longest terms of hedging cash flow fluctuation risks by “Forward exchange contracts”, “Interest rate swap contracts” and “Commodity price risk” are about 6 years 6 months, 4 years 6 months and 1 year, respectively.
The following tables present the carrying amount of cash flow hedge reserve as of March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017. As of March 31, 2018
   JPY
Cash flow hedge reserve for continuing hedges (before tax)
Cash flow hedge reserve for continuing hedges (before tax)
JPY
253 (838)
11
USD
Cash flow hedge reserve
for discontinuing hedge accounting (before tax)
JPY USD
Cash flow hedge reserve
for discontinuing hedge accounting (before tax)
JPY
— — 8
     (653)
(6,147)
—
—
(580)
(5,466)
—
—
(30)
(284)
(3)
(29)
 Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
As of March 31, 2017
Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
       The following tables present the carrying amounts of transactions that affected the consolidated statements of comprehensive income as a result of applying hedge accounting for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 (from April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018)
 Change in value of hedging instruments recognized in other comprehensive income
Reclassification from cash flow hedge reserve to profit or loss
Line item for which profit or loss was affected by reclassification
Other income Interest expenses Cost of sales
 JPY
USD JPY USD
     (706)
(6,647)
(199)
(1,882)
(11)
(113)
269
2,539
(33)
(313)
(20)
(189)
  Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 111
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Fiscal year ended March 31, 2017 (from April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)
 Change in value of hedging instruments recognized in other comprehensive income
Reclassification from cash flow hedge reserve to profit or loss
Line item for which profit or loss was affected by reclassification
Other expenses Interest expenses Cost of sales
  Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
(9) Transfer of financial assets
JPY JPY
352 607 96 270 19 40
 The Consolidated Group liquidates certain trade receivables by discounting notes or the like. However, with respect to some liquidated receiv- ables, the Consolidated Group may be obligated to make payments as recourse for non-payment by the debtor. The Consolidated Group continues to recognize such liquidated receivables as they do not meet the criteria for derecognition of financial assets.
The Consolidated Group recognized such liquidated assets as “Trade and other receivables” in the amount of ¥5,273million ($49,639 thousand) and ¥7,509 million as of March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017, respectively. In addition, liabilities relating to the deposit amounts which arose upon the transfer of such assets were accounted for as “Bonds and borrowings” in the amount of ¥5,273 million ($49,639 thousand) and ¥7,509 million as of March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017, respectively. Such liabilities are settled when payments for such liq- uidated assets are made, and the Consolidated Group may not use such liquidated assets until such settlement occurs.
(10) Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
The following tables present the financial assets and financial liabilities recognized for the same counterparties including financial instruments that were not offset even though they were covered by an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement because they did not meet some or all of the offsetting criteria as of March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017.
JPY USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 382
1,332
1,048 — 283
(695)
3,598
286
2,693
—
—
96
905
(247)
(2,326)
135
636
 1,272
     Amounts of financial assets presented in the consolidated statement of financial position
Foreign exchange Interest rate Commodity
Amounts that were not offset even though they were covered by an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement because they did not meet some or all of the offsetting criteria
Net amounts
Amounts of financial liabilities presented in the consolidated statements of financial position
Foreign exchange Interest rate Commodity
Amounts that were not offset even though they were covered by an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement because they did not meet some or all of the offsetting criteria
Financial collateral pledged
Net amounts
Certain financial assets and financial liabilities have not been offset because they do not meet some or all of the criteria for offsetting finan- cial assets and financial liabilities. The rights to offset such financial assets and financial liabilities become enforceable only under particular circumstances, such as when the other party fails to discharge an obligation due to its bankruptcy or other such reasons.
  JPY USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 2,406
1,896
740 838 317
(695) (276)
22,653
1,697
15,979
580
5,466
128
1,208
(247)
(2,326)
(56)
(529)
 2,103
924
19,798
       112 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

  31. Leases
(1) Lessee
1) Financeleases
The Consolidated Group leases computer-related equipment for the enterprise system (tools, furniture and fixtures) and other assets for finance leases.
The carrying amounts of the leased assets, net of accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, as of March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 are as follows:
JPY
USD
      Machinery, equipment, vehicle, tools and fixtures Other
Total
1,148
  The future minimum lease payments for finance leases as of March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 are as follows:
 Within one year
Between one and five years Over five years
Future minimum lease payments
JPY USD
Present value of
future minimum lease payments
JPY USD
2018
287
1,058
1,002 145
       2018
778
113
2017
436 939 62
2018
7,324
1,066
12,422
2018
690
97
2017
    387 845 52
2018
  428
4,032
382
3,602
6,499
920
      1,319
1,437
1,170
1,285
11,021
   (148)
(152)
(1,401)
   1,170
1,285
11,021
   Within one year
Between one and five years Over five years
Total Less future finance costs
Present value of future minimum lease payments
      The future minimum lease payments receivable under the non-cancellable subleases as of March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 are ¥8 mil- lion ($81 thousand) and ¥12 million, respectively.
2) Operatingleases
The Consolidated Group leases office buildings, system equipment and other assets as cancellable or non-cancellable operating leases. The future minimum lease payments for non-cancellable operating leases as of March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 are as follows:
JPY USD
2018
 770
2017
7,254
2,709
 9,963
 2018
2017
 2018
 141
34 43 —
1,334
387
3,643
145
1,371
 674
77
6,348
      Total
  The total lease payments recognized as expenses under the cancellable or non-cancellable operating leases for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 are ¥7,442 million ($70,052 thousand) and ¥6,980 million, respectively.
The future minimum lease payments receivable under the non-cancellable subleases as of March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 are ¥316 million ($2,976 thousand) and ¥37 million, respectively.
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 113
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(2) Lessor
1) Financeleases
The Consolidated Group leases out machinery, equipment and other assets that are classified as finance leases. The future minimum lease payments receivable for finance leases as of March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 are as follows:
 Future minimum lease payments receivable and unguaranteed residual value
Present value of
future minimum lease payments receivable
JPY USD
 JPY USD
      2018
26
13
2017
5 22 13
2018
63
246
124
2018
4
16
8
2017
     3 15 9
2018
 6
41
160
79
      45
42
433
29
28
    —
—
—
280
   (16)
(14)
(153)
   29
28
280
   Within one year
Between one and five years Over five years
Total Unguaranteed residual value
Less future finance income
Present value of future minimum lease payments receivable
32. Pledged Assets
(1) Pledged assets and associated secured obligations
       Details of pledged assets and associated secured obligations are as follows:
Pledged assets:
Other financial assets (non-current) Property, plant and equipment
Total
Total
JPY
USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 47 658
20
188
643
6,057
 663
706
6,245
1,101 732
 1,130
10,640
747
7,040
 1,878
1,833
17,680
       Associated secured obligations: Short-term borrowings (current) Long-term borrowings (non-current)
  Trust receipts issued under customary import financing arrangements give banks a security interest in the goods imported or sales proceeds resulting from the sales of the goods. However, due to the large volume of transactions, it is impracticable to determine the aggregate amounts of assets covered by outstanding trust receipts and those transactions were not included in the above amounts.
(2) Assets pledged in lieu of guarantee money
The breakdown of assets pledged in lieu of guarantee money or the like is as follows:
Assets pledged in lieu of guarantee money or guarantee funds Other financial assets (current)
Other financial assets (non-current)
Other investments
Total
JPY USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 36
— 3,118
49
469
30
282
3,216
30,278
 3,296
3,155
31,029
       114 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

  33. Contingent Liabilities
The Consolidated Group is contingently liable for guarantees on bank borrowings and trade payables owed by entities that do not belong to the Consolidated Group.
The Group may become responsible for the amounts that are unpayable by the borrower and for losses attached to the unpayable amounts.
JPY USD
 2018
2017
 2018
 156
537 1,344
1,476
1,673
15,750
 1,830
1,881
17,226
     Debt guarantees for equity method investees Debt guarantees for third parties
Total
  (Notes)1. The above amounts include those for quasi-guarantee acts.
2. Debt guarantees for third parties include the debt guarantees covered by the insurance agreements that is limited to ¥1,609 million ($15,152 thousand) for the
 fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 and ¥1,276 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, respectively.
 34. Significant Subsidiaries
(1) Significant subsidiaries of the Company are as follows:
 Trade name [Electronics & Devices]
Kanematsu Electronics Ltd.
Nippon Office Systems Ltd.
Kanematsu Communications Ltd.
Kanematsu Granks, Corp.
Kanematsu BD Communications Ltd.
Tanashin (Europe) GmbH
Kanekoh Electronics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu Industrial and Trading (Dalian F.T.Z.) Co., Ltd.
Location
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Koto-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Shibuya-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Kurume-shi, Fukuoka, Japan
Duesseldorf, Germany
Shanghai, China
Dalian, China
Details of major operations
System integration of ICT and communications equipment
Development of software for and sales and maintenance of computers and computer peripherals, etc.
Sales of mobile communications devices; Mobile internet systems and services
Mobile contents delivery and mobile- related solution business
Sales of mobile communication device
Sales and maintenance of parts for car audio systems
Development, manufacture, and sales of control modules for lithium ion batteries
Manufacture of materials for electronic precision parts and import, export and sales of electronic components
Percentage of voting rights (%)
   2018
2017
58.32 (0.40)
100.00 (100.00)
100.00
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 (20.00)
70.00
100.00 (100.00)
     58.32 (0.40)
   100.00 (100.00)
    100.00
   100.00 (100.00)
   100.00 (100.00)
      52.96
  100.00
    Kanematsu Sustech Corp.
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Manufacture and sales of home- construction materials; Ground inspection services and improvement work; Sales of security systems
52.96
          Kanematsu Advanced Materials Corp.
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Import, export, storage, sales, and processing of materials and components for vehicle equipment, industrial electronics, and communication devices
100.00
    100.00 (20.00)
   70.00
   100.00 (100.00)
  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 115
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Trade name [Foods & Grain]
Kanematsu Shintoa Foods Corp.
Kanematsu Agritec Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu Soytech Corp.
North Pet Co., Ltd.
KG Agri Products, Inc.
Kai Enterprises, Inc.
P.T. Kanemory Food Service [Steel, Materials & Plants]
Kanematsu Trading Corp.
Kyowa Steel Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu Chemicals Corp.
Kanematsu Wellness Corp.
Kanematsu Petroleum Corp.
Kanematsu Yuso Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu KGK Corp.
Benoit Holding Company
Benoit Premium Threading, LLC
Steel Service Oilfield Tubular, Inc.
KGK International Corp. [Motor Vehicles & Aerospace]
Kanematsu Aerospace Corp.
Aries Motor Ltd.
Aries Power Equipment Ltd.
KG Aircraft Rotables Co., Ltd. [Others]
Aso Kanko Kaihatsu Co., Ltd.
Shintoa Corp.
Kanematsu Logistics & Insurance Ltd.
Location
Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Matsudo-shi, Chiba, Japan
Chuo-ku, Osaka, Japan
Kuriyama-cho, Yubari-gun, Hokkaido, Japan
Ohio, U.S.A.
Washington, U.S.A.
Serang, Indonesia
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Kasai-shi, Hyogo, Japan
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Nerima-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Illinois, U.S.A.
Louisiana, U.S.A.
Oklahoma, U.S.A.
Illinois, U.S.A.
Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Warsaw, Poland
Warsaw, Poland
Dublin, Ireland
Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Details of major operations
Food wholesaling and cold storage
Manufacture and sales of feed and fertilizer
Sales of soybeans, millet, and grain
Manufacture of pet snacks (jerky, dried meat, biscuits)
Seed development; Contract farming; Sorting, processing, and sales of food soybeans
Sales of hay and roughage
Manufacture of processed foods for central kitchen and home-meal replacement
Sales of steel and construction materials
Cutting and processing of steel sheet; Sales of construction materials
Sales of petrochemicals and automobile-related chemicals
Sales of health foods and provision of medical information
Sales of petroleum products and LPG
Delivery and storage of petroleum products and LPG
Sales of machine tools and industrial machinery
Holding company
Oil well casing fabrication; Manufacture and sales of oil well-related parts
Percentage of voting rights (%)
   2018
2017
100.00
100.00 100.00 100.00
100.00
100.00 (15.00)
59.90 (10.00)
100.00
100.00 (100.00)
100.00
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 100.00
97.89
85.18 (85.18)
54.00 (54.00)
     100.00
 100.00
 100.00
 100.00
 100.00
 100.00 (15.00)
 59.90 (10.00)
                 100.00
 100.00 (100.00)
 100.00
 100.00 (100.00)
 100.00
 100.00
 97.89
 85.18 (85.18)
 54.00 (54.00)
 51.00 (51.00)
 100.00 (100.00)
                    Sales of steel materials for oil
excavation (51.00)
Sales of machine tools
Sales of aircraft, defense, and aerospace-related products
Sales of automobiles
Sales of engines, generators, and other general-purpose machinery
Replacement and maintenance of aircraft rotable components; Leasing
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 93.59 60.00
96.67
51.00
      100.00
 93.59
 60.00
 96.67
          100.00
 100.00
 100.00
 — 100.00
  Beverage-vending machine operations; Imports, exports, and sales of aircraft engines and feedstuffs
Insurance agency; Consigned freight forwarding business
100.00 100.00
   116 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

  Trade name [Overseas local subsidiaries]
Kanematsu USA Inc.
Kanematsu (Hong Kong) Ltd.
Kanematsu (China) Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu (Thailand) Ltd.
Watana Inter-Trade Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
Kanematsu Taiwan Corp.
Kanematsu Europe Plc
Kanematsu GmbH
Kanematsu Australia Ltd.
Kanematsu New Zealand Ltd.
(Note) The figures in the parentheses in “Percentage of voting rights” indicate the indirect ownership ratio included in the total.
(2) Non-controlling interests
Percentage of voting rights (%)
Location
Illinois, U.S.A.
Hong Kong, China
Shanghai, China
Bangkok, Thailand
Bangkok, Thailand
Singapore, Singapore
Taipei, Taiwan
London, U.K.
Duesseldorf, Germany
Sydney, Australia
Details of major operations
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
2018
2017
100.00
100.00
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 (100.00)
49.00 (49.00)
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 100.00 100.00
      100.00
 100.00
 100.00 (100.00)
 100.00 (100.00)
 49.00 (49.00)
 100.00 (100.00)
 100.00 (100.00)
 100.00 (100.00)
 100.00
 100.00
 100.00
                       Auckland, New Zealand
Export, import and sales of merchandise
  The subsidiary with non-controlling interests that is significant for the Consolidated Group is Kanematsu Electronics Ltd. Its condensed finan- cial information is presented as follows. The amounts presented below are before the elimination of intra-company transactions.
[Condensed statement of financial position]
JPY
USD
   Current assets
Current liabilities
Non-current assets
Non-current liabilities
Non-current assets (net)
Equity
2018
58,881
15,810
5,621
2,561
46,131
2017
55,788 16,866
3,187 42,109
2018
  554,236
148,816
 Current assets (net)
43,071
38,922 5,875 2,687
405,419
52,911
24,110
 3,059
28,801
434,220
 Cumulative amounts of non-controlling interests
19,294
181,613
       17,620
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 117
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

[Condensed statements of income and comprehensive income]
Revenue
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income
Profit for the year attributable to non-controlling interests Dividends paid to non-controlling interests
[Condensed statement of cash flows]
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, net
(3) Transaction with non-controlling interests
JPY
JPY
954
USD
USD
          2018
2017
 2018
 5,822
6,223
1,435 (2,308)
54,802
(220)
(2,079)
(2,731)
(25,714)
 2,869
5,350
27,009
       There was no transaction with significant non-controlling interests for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017.
35. Related Parties
(1) Related party transactions
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018
Type Name
Associate
Associate
(including subsidiaries of the associate)
Associate
Associate
  Detail of related party relationship
Transaction amount
Outstanding amount
 JPY USD JPY USD
  Sage Hill Northwest, Inc.
  Purchase of merchandise
  1,397
  13,154
  136
  1,288
 Kantatsu Co., Ltd.
Purchase of merchandise
895
8,430
1,223
11,515
 Shangdong Lufeng Foods Shanhai Corp.
 Purchase of merchandise
 1,138
 10,718
 1
 17
 Growth D Ltd.
 Purchase of merchandise
 1,041
 9,808
 —
 —
      (Notes)1. The related party transaction amounts are determined through negotiation with consideration given to the prevailing market prices. 2. As described in Note 33 Contingent Liabilities, debt guarantees are provided to the equity method investees.
3. Growth D Ltd. was excluded from scope of consolidation due to sale of shares for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017
 Type
Associate
(including subsidiaries of the associate)
Associate
Name
Detail of related party relationship
Transaction amount JPY
6,570
3,245
Outstanding amount JPY
804
535 111
   Kantatsu Co., Ltd.
 Purchase of merchandise
 Growth D Ltd.
  Purchase of merchandise
 Sage Hill Northwest, Inc.
Purchase of merchandise
      Associate
(Notes)1. The related party transaction amounts are determined through negotiation with consideration given to the prevailing market prices.
2. As described in Note 33 Contingent Liabilities, debt guarantees are provided to the equity method investees.
(2) Remuneration to management executives
1,011
  The amount of remuneration to the Company’s directors for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 is ¥307 million ($2,895 thousand) and ¥277 million, respectively. The remuneration to the directors consists of base salary and directors’ bonus. The remu- neration to the auditors consists of base salary.
36. Subsequent Events
Not applicable.
 118 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
2018
2018
 62,222
6,590
32
2017
64,175 5,499 280
585,677
62,037
308
 6,623
2,746
5,780
2,303
62,345
 25,848
 1,133
10,669

      KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 119
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Major Group Companies (As of April 1, 2018) Electronics & Devices
* Companies with shares listed on a stock exchange
 Japan
            China
  Japan
 Foods & Grain
Kanematsu Electronics Ltd.* Nippon Office Systems Ltd.
Kanematsu Sustech Corporation
Kanematsu Communications Ltd. Kanematsu Futuretech Solutions Corporation
Kanematsu Advanced Materials Corp.
Kanematsu PWS LTD.
Kantatsu Co., Ltd. G-Printec, Inc.
Kanekoh Electronics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu Shintoa Foods Corp. Kanematsu Agritec Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu Soytech Corp.
North Pet Co., Ltd. GPC Holdings Co., Ltd.
Dalian Tiantianli Food Co., Ltd. Shangdong Lufeng Foods Co., Ltd. Iwase-Esta Kanematsu Co., Ltd.
Siam Aloe Vera (2005) Co., Ltd.
P.T. Kanemory Food Service PT. Abadi Tunggal Lestari
PT. Agrapana Niaga Gemilang
KAI Enterprises, Inc. Sage Hill Northwest, Inc. KG Agri Products, Inc.
Kanematsu Trading Corp. Kyowa Steel Co., Ltd.
Eiwa Metal Co., Ltd. Kanematsu Petroleum Corp. Kanematsu Yuso Co., Ltd. Kanematsu Chemicals Corp. Kanematsu Wellness Corp. Miracool Co., Ltd. Kanematsu KGK Corp.
KGK Engineering Corp.
Kanematsu KGK Trade & Sales (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. KGK Engineering (Thai) Co., Ltd.
Steel Service Oilfield Tubular, Inc. Benoit Premium Threading, LLC KGK International Corp.
Kanematsu Aerospace Corp. KG Aircraft Rotables Co., Ltd.
Aries Motor Ltd.
Aries Power Equipment Ltd.
Kaneyo Co., Ltd.*
Hokushin Co., Ltd.*
Shintoa Corp.
Kanematsu Logistics & Insurance Ltd. Japan Logistics Co., Ltd.
Vietnam-Japan International Transport Co., Ltd.
PT. Dunia Express Transindo
System integration of ICT and communications equipment
Development of software for and sales and maintenance of computers and computer peripherals, etc.
Manufacture and sales of home-construction materials; Ground inspection services and improvement work; Sales of security cameras
Sales of mobile communications devices; Mobile internet systems and services
Import, export, processing, development, design, manufacture, sales and EMS of semiconductors, electronic components, and module products
Import, export, storage, sales, and processing of materials and components for vehicle equipment, industrial electronics, and communication devices
Design, development, and sales of semiconductor production equipment, testing equipment and related components; Technical services
Development and manufacture of plastic lenses for smartphones, medical equipment, and automobiles Development, manufacture, and sales (OEM) of card printers and related equipment
Development, manufacture, and sales of control modules for lithium ion batteries
Food wholesaling and cold storage Manufacture and sales of feed and fertilizer
Sales of soybeans, pulses & peas, and grain; Development and marketing of tofu and other ingredients for processed foods
Manufacture of pet snacks (jerky, dried meat, biscuits)
Sales of pet food and other products
Manufacture of dim sum and delicatessens Production of processed vegetables and fruits Wholesale of confectionery and baking ingredient
Processing and sales of aloe vera
Manufacture of processed foods; Management of central kitchen Operation of Japanese cuisine restaurant chain
Operation of Japanese cuisine restaurant chain
Sales of hay and roughage
Production of hay
Seed development; Contract farming; Sorting, processing, and sales of food soybeans
Sales of steel and construction materials
Cutting and processing of steel sheet; Sales of construction materials
Processing and sales of stainless steel, titanium, and high-alloy steels
Sales of petroleum products and LPG
Delivery and storage of petroleum products
Sales of petrochemicals, automobile-related chemicals, health food ingredients, and pharmaceuticals Sales of health foods and provision of medical information
Sales of heat-reflective paint
Sales of machine tools and industrial machinery
Repair and sales of machine tools; Sales of paper-manufacturing machinery
Sales of machine tools and industrial machinery Sales of machine tools and industrial machinery
Sales of steel materials for oil excavation
Oil well casing fabrication; Manufacture and sales of oil well-related parts Sales of machine tools
Sales of aircraft, defense, and aerospace-related products
Replacement and maintenance of aircraft rotable components; Leasing; Sales
Sales and maintenance of automobiles
Sales of engines, generators, lawnmowers, and other general-purpose machinery
Sales of bedding materials and products, general merchandise, and interior goods Manufacture and sales of medium-density fiberboard
Beverage-vending machine operations; Imports, exports, and sales of aircraft engines Insurance agency and forwarding business; Consigned freight forwarding business Warehouse and self-storage operation
Total logistics services Total logistics services
        China
     Thailand
 Indonesia
       U.S.A.
    Japan
 Steel, Materials & Plants
            China
 Thailand
  U.S.A.
    Japan
 Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
Others
  Ireland
  Poland
   Japan
       Vietnam
  Indonesia
 120 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

Network (As of March 31, 2018)
 Kanematsu supplies products and services through its large network of business bases in Japan and overseas. In addition to the Company, the Kanematsu Group comprises 114 companies (88 consolidated subsidiaries and 26 equity-method affiliates) operating global businesses around the world.
   6
 12
3
5 4
11 12
34
33 32
30
28 29
 8 7 24139
  25
ASIA & THE MIDDLE EAST
10
16 17
22
14
15
31 35
  19
18
21 20
NORTH AMERICA
28 Chicago
29 Somerset
30 Detroit
31 Houston
32 Silicon Valley 33 Portland
34 Vancouver
   EUROPE
1 London
2 Dusseldorf 3 Munich
4 Milan
5 Budapest 6 Moscow
7 Las Palmas
23
   Overseas subsidiaries and their branches
Representative offices Branches
8 Seoul
9 Shanghai
10 Chongqing 11 Beijing
12 Dalian
13 Shenzhen 14 Hong Kong 15 Taipei
16 Hanoi
17 Haiphong
18 Ho Chi Minh City 19 Bangkok
20 Singapore
21 Manila
22 Yangon
23 Jakarta
24 New Delhi
25 Tehran
27
Organization Chart (As of April 1, 2018)
26
1 2
3 4 5
CENTRAL & SOUTH AMERICA
36
  26 Sydney 27 Auckland
35 Silao
36 Sao Paulo
DOMESTIC OFFICES
Tokyo Head Office Osaka
Midosuji Office Nagoya
Hokkaido Kyushu
OCEANIA
    23 5
4
1
  Shareholder’s Meeting
  Audit & Supervisory Board
 Board of Directors
 Management Committee
  Marketing Area
    Electronics & Devices Division
Industrial Electronics Dept. Semiconductor Equipment Dept. Components & Material Dept. Electronics Planning Office
Food Dept. No. 1
Food Dept. No. 2
Meat Dept. No. 1
Meat Dept. No. 2
Foods and Grain Planning Office Food Safety Management System Office Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division Grain and Feedstuff Dept.
Grain & Oilseeds Dept.
Domestic Sections
Foods and Grain Planning Office Food Safety Management System Office
Iron & Steel Foreign Trade Dept. Specialty Steel Foreign Trade Dept. Functional Chemicals Dept. Energy Dept.
Plant & Ships Dept.
Steel, Materials & Plant Planning Office Food Safety Management Office
Aerospace Dept.
Motor Vehicles & Parts Dept. No. 1 Motor Vehicles & Parts Dept. No. 2
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Planning Office
Foods Division
Steel, Materials & Plant Division
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Division
                            Support Area
Human Resources & General Affairs Dept. Finance Dept.
Accounting Dept.
Business Accounting Dept.
Legal & Compliance Dept. Credit Control Dept. Traffic & Insurance Dept. IT Planning Dept.
Internal Auditing Dept. Corporate Planning Dept.
            KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 121
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Network (As of June 30, 2018) Japan
Tokyo Head Office
2-1, Shibaura 1-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8005, Japan
TEL: 81-3-5440-8111
FAX: 81-3-5440-6500
Osaka
Awaji-machi Dai Building, 1-9, Awaji-machi 3-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka 541-8560, Japan TEL: 81-6-6205-3111
FAX: 81-6-6205-3322
Midosuji Office
Midosuji Daiwa Building, 6-8, Kyutaro-machi 3-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka 541-0056, Japan TEL: 81-6-6251-7700
FAX: 81-6-6251-7770
Nagoya
9-3, Sakae 2-chome, Naka-ku, Nagoya 460-0008, Japan
TEL: 81-52-202-5111
FAX: 81-52-202-4605
Hokkaido
Sapporo-Kokusai Building, 4-1, Kitashijou-nishi, Chuo-ku, Sapporo 060-0004, Japan
TEL: 81-11-261-5631
FAX: 81-11-261-5630
Kyushu
Tenjin Twin Building, 6-8, Tenjin 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Fukuoka 810-0001, Japan
TEL: 81-92-715-7820
FAX: 81-92-715-7830
Kobe Head Office
119 Ito-machi, Chuo-ku, Kobe, Hyogo 650-0032, Japan
Overseas
ASIA & THE MIDDLE EAST
KOREA
Kanematsu Korea Corporation
Koreana Bldg. 602, 135 Sejong-Daero, Jung-Gu, Seoul, 04519, Korea
TEL: 82-2-737-5795
FAX: 82-2-737-5799
CHINA
Kanematsu (China) Co., Ltd.
Shanghai Head Office
Shanghai Branch
18th Floor Raffles City (Office Tower), 268 Xi Zang Middle Road, Shanghai 200001, P.R. China
TEL: 86-21-6340-3456
FAX: 86-21-6340-4290
Chongqing Liaison Office
Room 2106, International Trade Centre, No. 38 Qingnian Road, Yuzhong District, Chongqing 400010, China
TEL: 86-23-63235676
FAX: 86-23-63235650
Beijing Branch
Beijing Lufthansa Center C610A, 50 Liang Ma Qiao Road, Chaoyang District,
Beijing 100125, China
TEL: 86-10-8591-1031
FAX: 86-10-8591-1535
Dalian Branch
Room 602, Furama Hotel, 60 Renmin Road, Dalian 116001, P.R. China
TEL: 86-411-8263-9105, 7481
FAX: 86-411-8280-5534
Shenzhen Branch
Room 8, 10/F, Office Tower,
Di Wang Commercial Centre,
5002 Shen Nan Dong Road, Luohu District, Shenzhen 518001, P.R. China
TEL: 86-755-8235-4850
FAX: 86-755-8223-8980
Kanematsu (Hong Kong) Ltd.
Rooms 1806-1807, 18th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
TEL: 852-2821-6200
FAX: 852-2527-0465, 2865-6649
TAIWAN
Kanematsu Taiwan Corporation
10F., No. 451, Changchun Rd., Songshan Dist., Taipei City 10547, Taiwan
TEL: 886-2-2717-1222
FAX: 886-2-2717-7927
VIETNAM
The Representative of Kanematsu Corporation
Hanoi
Room No. 1209, 12th floor, Daeha
Business Center, 360 Kim Ma St., Ba Dinh Dist., Hanoi, S.R. Vietnam
TEL: 84-4-3771-5642
FAX: 84-4-3771-5641, 3771-5648
Haiphong
H-Tower 3rd Floor, 195 Van Cao Street, Haiphong, S.R. Vietnam
TEL: 84-225-368-6371
FAX: 84-225-368-6373
Kanematsu Vietnam Company Limited Unit 608 Saigon Tower, 29 Le Duan St,
District 1, Ho Chi Minh City, S.R. Vietnam
TEL: 84-28-3910-5536, 5537
FAX: 84-28-3910-5539
THAILAND
Kanematsu (Thailand) Ltd.
Watana Inter-Trade Co., Ltd.
25F Thaniya Plaza Building, 52 Silom Road, Suriyawongse Bangrak, Bangkok 10500, Thailand TEL: 66-2-632-8060
FAX: 66-2-632-8083, 8084
SINGAPORE
Kanematsu (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
100 Tras Street, #12-01 100 AM, Singapore 079027 TEL: 65-6320-6000
FAX: 65-6320-6041
PHILIPPINES
Kanematsu Corporation Manila Branch 17th Floor Tower 2, The Enterprise Center 6766, Ayala Avenue, cor. Paseo de Roxas, Makati City, Philippines
TEL: 63-2-845-2017
FAX: 63-2-887-0030
MYANMAR
The Representative of Kanematsu Corporation
Yangon
Union Business Center (UBC) Suite 03-08,
Nat Mauk Road, Bo Cho Quarter, Bahan Township, Yangon, Myanmar
TEL: 95-1-860-4370
FAX: 95-1-860-4380
INDONESIA
P.T. Kanematsu Trading Indonesia
ANZ Tower 15th Floor, Jalan Jend. Sudirman Kav. 33A Jakarta 10220, Indonesia
TEL: 62-21-572-1220, 1225, 1228, 1230, 1238 FAX: 62-21-572-1188, 1237
            122 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

  Overseas
INDIA
Kanematsu India Private Limited
Tower 1, Block-A, Unit No. 2, DLF Corporate Park, Gurgaon, Haryana - 122 002, India
TEL: 91-124-4001461, 4001462, 4001362
FAX: 91-124-4001371
IRAN
Kanematsu Iran Ltd.
Unit #5, 3rd Floor, Monaco Building, No. 27, Ordibehesht, Mahmudiyeh St., Parkway, Tehran, 1986645416 IRAN
TEL: 98-21-2265-9041
EUROPE
UNITED KINGDOM
Kanematsu Europe PLC.
160 Euston Road, London NW1 2DX, United Kingdom
TEL: 44-20-7529-8120
FAX: 44-20-7387-4582
GERMANY
Kanematsu G.m.b.H.
Duesseldorf Head Office
Oststrasse 34, D-40211 Duesseldorf, Germany TEL: 49-211-36890
FAX: 49-211-3689-111
Muenchen Branch
Frankfurter Ring 193a, D-80807 Muenchen, Germany
TEL: 49-89-3074-817-12
FAX: 49-89-3074-817-29
ITALY
Kanematsu G.m.b.H.
Milano Liaison Office
Piazza Duca d’Aosta 8, Milano, Italy TEL: 39-02-6749-3538
FAX: 39-02-6707-7364
HUNGARY
The Representative of Kanematsu G.m.b.H.
Budapest Office
H-1034 Budapest Becsi ut 126-128.I.103. Hungary TEL: 36-1-320-4952
FAX: 36-1-320-4953
RUSSIAN FEDERATION
The Representative of Kanematsu Corporation
Moscow
Tverskaya 16/2, Building 1, Business Centre, 125009, Moscow, Russian Federation
TEL: 7-495-935-89-40, 42, 43 FAX: 7-495-935-8948
SPAIN
The Representative of Kanematsu Corporation
Las Palmas
Calle Eduardo Benot 51, Edificio Atlansea, 4-izqda, 35008 Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Spain
TEL: 34-928-275634, 275680 FAX: 34-928-275632
OCEANIA
AUSTRALIA
Kanematsu Australia Ltd.
Suite 1 Level 15, 15 Castlereagh Street, Sydney, NSW, Australia
TEL: 61-2-8278-7004, 61-2-9993-0748,
61-2-9283-3347 FAX: 61-2-9283-3095
NEW ZEALAND
Kanematsu New Zealand Ltd.
Lavender House, 27 Lilburn Street, Warkworth 0910, P.O. Box 327, Warkworth 0941, New Zealand
TEL: 64-9-302-5660
FAX: 64-9-309-3877
NORTH AMERICA
U.S.A.
Kanematsu USA Inc.
Chicago Head Office
543 West Algonquin Road, Arlington Heights, Illinois 60005, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-847-981-5600
FAX: 1-847-981-6760
Somerset Branch
100 Randolph Road, Somerset, New Jersey 08873, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-732-271-7300
FAX: 1-732-271-7357 Detroit Office
41700 Gardenbrook Rd., Novi Garden Office B, Suite 140, Novi, Michigan 48375, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-248-347-3216
FAX: 1-248-347-3219
Houston Branch
1800 Augusta, Suite 390, Houston, Texas 77057, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-713-975-7200
FAX: 1-713-975-7966
Silicon Valley Branch
2043 Zanker Road, San Jose, California 95131, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-408-501-1400
FAX: 1-408-501-1499
Portland Branch
4380 SW Macadam Avenue, Suite 170, Portland, Oregon 97239, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-503-224-7755
FAX: 1-503-228-5067
CANADA
The Representative of Kanematsu Corporation
Vancouver
205-8988 Fraserton Court, Burnaby, B.C. V5J 5H8, Canada
TEL: 1-604-689-0550 FAX: 1-604-689-0655
CENTRAL & SOUTH AMERICA
MEXICO
Kanematsu Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V.
Suite C, Multitenant III, Av. Mineral de Valencia, No. 202 Col. Parque Santa Fe, C.P. 36275, Guanajuato Puerto Interior Silao, Mexico
TEL: 52-472-748-9187, 9327, 9329
FAX: 52-472-748-9221
BRAZIL
Kanematsu America do Sul Importacao e Exportacao Ltda.
Avenida Paulista, 1337/1343, conjunto 71 Bela Vista, São Paulo – SP CEP: 01311-200 Brazil TEL: 55-11-3266-3967
Mobile: 55-11-9-4137-7178
                    Segment Information:
Number of employees and number of Group companies (As of March 31, 2018)
 Number of Employees (consolidated basis)
 Electronics & Devices Foods & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Others
Companywide (common) Overseas subsidiaries Total
22 (Japan:15, Overseas:7) 25 (Japan:13, Overseas:12) 25 (Japan:13, Overseas:12)
8 (Japan:1, Overseas:7) 16 (Japan:12, Overseas:4)
18
3,981
 752
 1,054
 250
 216
 413
  6,666
Number of Affiliated Companies
114
 Notes:
1. Number of employees on a non-consolidated basis is 842.
2. Of affiliated companies, 88 are consolidated subsidiaries and 26 are equity-method affiliates.
   KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 123
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Corporate Profile
 Corporate Profile
Company Name Established Foundation President
Head Office
KANEMATSU CORPORATION August 15, 1889
March 18, 1918
Kaoru Tanigawa
2-1, Shibaura 1-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8005, Japan
Paid-in Capital* Fiscal Year
General Meeting of Shareholders Number of Offices*
Number of Employees*
* As of March 31, 2018
¥27,781 million April 1 to March 31 June
Domestic: Tokyo Head Office, Kobe Head Office and branches 5
Overseas: 36
842 (Consolidated: 6,666)
 Investor Information
(As of March 31, 2018)
Stock Exchange Listings Stock Code
Transfer Agent
for Common Stock Shares Authorized Shares Outstanding Minimum Trading Unit* Number of Shareholders
Tokyo 8020
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited 200,000,000
84,500,202 (including 254,123 treasury shares) 100
20,035
Composition of Shareholders
    * Kanematsu executed a share consolidation on October 1, 2017, at a ratio of five common shares to one. As a result, the number of shares authorized decreased by 816,653,604 shares, and the number of shares outstanding decreased 338,000,808. Accordingly, pursuant to a partial amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, the minimum trading unit was changed from 1,000 shares to 100 shares, effective October 1, 2007.
Principal Shareholders
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account)
GOVERNMENT OF NORWAY
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.
Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
State Street Bank and Trust Company
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account 5)
The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.
The Norinchukin Bank
The Bank of New York Mellon
1. Calculated after deduction of treasury shares (254,123 shares)
2. The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. was renamed MUFG Bank, Ltd. on April 1, 2018.
Stock Price/Trading Volume
Financial institutions
Foreign institutions and individuals
Individuals and others (including treasury shares)
Other corporations Securities firms
40.59%
31.16%
20.77% 5.87% 1.61%
  Number of shares held (thousands)
Percentage of voting rights (%)
  10,735
4,125
2,632
2,322
2,322
1,650
1,604
1,417
1,249
1,192
12.74
4.89
3.12
2.75
2.75
1.95
1.90
1.68
1.48
1.41
Trading Volume (Thousands of shares) 100,000
                    Stock price (¥)
1,800
1,200
600
0
13/4 6
80,000
60,000
40,000
20,000
        8
10 12 14/2 4
6
8
10 12 15/2 4
6
8
10 12 16/2 4
6
8
10 12 17/2 4
6
8
10 12 18/2
Note: Kanematsu executed a share consolidation on October 1, 2017, at a ratio of five shares to one. Figures for all periods in the above graph are calculated based on the assumption that said consolidation had already occurred.
124 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

       Kanematsu stock has been selected for inclusion in the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 and the JPX-Nikkei Mid and Small Cap Index for, respectively, the last five and three consecutive years.
Our Website
Detailed additional information about the Kanematsu Group is available on our web- site in English, Japanese and Chinese.
Content includes information about the Company and its businesses, press releases, investor relations materials (for shareholders and investors), and details on its environ- mental and CSR activities, employment opportunities and other topics are available.
English: http://www.kanematsu.co.jp/en/
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 125

   For more information on this Integrated Report, or to obtain additional copies, please contact:
Public & Investor Relations Section, Finance Department, Kanematsu Corporation
2-1, Shibaura 1-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8005, Japan
Tel: 81-3-5440-8000 Fax: 81-3-5440-6503                                                             