A Business in High-Value-Added Health Foods for Healthier Living
Kanematsu Chemicals Corp. and its subsidiary Kanematsu Wellness Corp. are helping to improve end-users’ quality of life through the import and export of high-value-added health food ingredients as well as domestic trading operations spanning from procurement to the supply and marketing of such goods.
For example, in Japan today, as the population grays, locomo- tive syndrome due to loss of muscle mass (sarcopenia) as well as weakness, declines in immune strength, and changes in the gut environment associated with frailty are becoming increasingly major problems. Helping to support the health of seniors against such issues, Kanematsu sells the ingredient HMB and functional milk products.
HMB helps to both prevent muscle loss and build new muscle. Because of this, it is useful in preventing sarcopenia and thus loco- motive syndrome in elderly individuals and in preventing muscle mass loss due to dieting.
Furthermore, functional milk products, created by applying the beneficial properties of breast milk, contain immunoglobulin G and physiologically active substances (nutrients) that are thought to help improve the balance of beneficial bacteria in the gut and return the body to a normal, healthy state. Recently, our products for pets have been adopted by veterinary clinics, helping to support pet health.
Going forward, we will continue to produce products and ingredients that help users live life to the fullest.

A
Kanematsu Electronics Ltd. has entered a capital and business tie-up with GLOBAL SECURITY EXPERTS Inc., a specialized secu- rity vendor that provides security consulting and systematic train- ing services.
In the information security market, demand related to laws, regulations, and compliance requirements is forecast to expand from 2018. Furthermore, as Japan prepares to host major events, namely the 2019 Rugby World Cup and 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics, numerous cyber attacks are expected in the coming three years.
In May 2018, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry encouraged the addition of items concerning cyber security to Japan’s Corporate Governance Code, to which listed companies are subject. With cyber attacks thus coming to the forefront as a serious management risk, countermeasures to such attacks are increasingly being seen as an essential factor in investment deci- sions.
Going forward, we will promote cyber security measures for corporate customers and support the strengthening of their cor- porate governance.