C Demonstration Project to Increase Effective EV Range
In Northern California, in the United States, Kanematsu is working with Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. and Nissan North America, Inc. on a demonstration project commissioned by the New Energy Industrial Technology and Development Organization (NEDO) aimed at expanding the effective range of electric vehicles (EVs).
This demonstration project is being implemented in coopera- tion with the government of California and EVgo Services LLC, a U.S. EV charging infrastructure operator. Under the project, 55 rapid chargers have been installed at 25 locations in the northern part of the state, and real-time information services are being pro- vided to EV drivers while various data about EV usage patterns are collected, analyzed and studied. The project is expected to help improve the usability of EVs and promote their adoption.
Through projects like this, we will continue to work toward the creation of a low-carbon society while preventing air pollu- tion and reducing global warming.

Kanematsu Sustech Corporation’s lumber preservation treatment is an advanced technology that prevents damage to wood, such as that caused by rot or termites, and improves the durability of lum- ber while maintaining its desirable qualities. This preservation treat- ment is used mainly for structural and exterior components of housing and other buildings, solidly supporting the literal founda- tions of people’s lives over the long term. Because the treatment increases the durability of wood, the carbon contained therein stays fixed longer, helping to reduce global warming.
Due in part to the Act for Promotion of Use of Wood in Public Buildings, in recent years the use of wood in the construction of public and other buildings has been steadily expanding, bringing new attention to lumber preservation treatment technology. One notable example is the great quantity of wood being used in the New National Stadium and other facilities being built for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics, much of which is being treated with Kanematsu Sustech’s proprietary preservation technologies.
Going forward, we will continue to support society using our technologies, putting our best into even the parts that are not visible.

KG Aircraft Rotables Co., Ltd. (headquartered in Dublin, Ireland; “KGAR”) operates a rotable parts business, in which it maintains an inventory of components so that maintenance and airline companies do not have to. When a problem with a component of a customer’s aircraft arises, KGAR quickly delivers the neces- sary replacement from its inventory. The problem component is then sent to KGAR, where it is repaired and kept as stock for the next customer who may need it. With more than 10,000 com- ponents stocked at warehouses in Ireland and the United Kingdom, KGAR boasts a clientele of more than 200 companies, mainly in Europe and North America. In 2014, KGAR also entered the part-out business, in which it purchases used aircraft and disassembles them to sell the components.
Through these businesses, a great many aircraft parts are being reused, rather than scrapped. By further expanding the aircraft rotable parts business and part-out business, we will continue to contribute to the reuse of natural resources and preservation of the environment.

Shintoa Corp. is working to spread the use mealworm feedstuff mate- rials developed jointly with Ehime University in an effort to increase the use of insect-derived fishmeal alternatives that meet the Aquaculture Stewardship Council’s ecolabel standards for farmed fish.
Fishmeal made by drying and pulverizing anchovies and other fish is commonly used as feedstuff for fish farms. However, due in part to fishing regulations aimed at conserving resources and stabiliz- ing prices, annual fishmeal production has been falling, and supply stability has become a concern.
As a feedstuff material, mealworms are excellent in terms of safety, fish preference, and nutritional value and are expected to see expanding use as an alternative to fishmeal.
Going forward, we will continue working to help aquaculture operators develop their businesses while contributing to sustainability.

