Kanematsu Electronics Ltd. (KEL) operates a training business using facilities in Okinawa aimed at developing and utilizing global profes- sionals in the IT industry. Through this business, KEL is working to develop and provide human resources to operate and maintain its customers’ systems. As part of these efforts, since 2010, we have partnered with Knowledge Edge Co., Ltd., which offers its proprietary Professional Intern Program (PIP) for recruiting, developing, and utiliz- ing excellent specialist human resources. This partnership is aimed at developing global professionals who can meet customer needs.
The PIP program recruits outstanding students from prestigious universities in China, Thailand, and elsewhere for a Japanese language and IT education course lasting approximately a year. The first half of the program is conducted in the students’ home countries. During the second half, students live in dormitories at the Asia IT Training Center in Okinawa while learning not just Japanese language and IT skills, but also about Japanese culture and customs. KEL’s highly experienced engineers and salespeople assist in this training.
Many graduates of the program are now employed with KEL customers in Hamamatsu,
Yokohama, Bangkok, Shanghai,
Guanzhou, and Dalian. These
employees have been evaluated favorably as being highly capa- ble with a low separation rate.
We will continue to develop outstanding IT and business human resources to meet cus- tomer needs.
E
     38 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

uman Resource Development Initiatives
Human resources are a vital asset for Kanematsu, and retaining and training human resources is important for the Company’s growth. Kanematsu maintains systems to promote work-life balance, including child care support and family care support systems, seeking to create workplaces that are comfortable and rewarding for employees. Furthermore, we focus considerable effort on human resource development, an indispensable part of Kanematsu’s growth.
Comment from the General Manager of the Human Resources & General Affairs Department
Human resources are Kanematsu’s most valuable assets. As such, future 135 includes priority initiatives related to human resources. To ensure that employees find their work rewarding and, as a result, perform better, we must enhance our human resource development pro- grams and create environments where everyone can work with safety and confidence.
Our development programs include level-specific training, practical skills training, for- eign language training, training in business plan formulation, and overseas on-the-job train- ing for young career-track employees. Furthermore, in fiscal 2017, we began training aimed at developing executive management personnel, beginning with general manager-level employees and gradually expanding to other levels. In addition, we are strengthening train- ing and education for local staff at our overseas sites. By organically combining multiple sys- tems, such as those for personnel rotation and evaluation, we aim to develop true global professionals. Furthermore, by putting into practical use measures to improve employee sat- isfaction, we aim to create more comfortable, productive workplaces.
   Takashi Nambu
General Manager, Human Resources & General Affairs Department
     Training in Business Plan Formulation
Kanematsu aims to improve corporate value by further devel- oping areas of strength, making new investments for business creation, and taking on other new challenges. To this end, we have created training courses covering business plan formula- tion to impart the skills necessary for drafting road maps to the creation and successful launch of new businesses.
Business Plan Formulation Trainee’s Perspective
The training comprised two parts. First, we learned the basic skills necessary for creating busi- ness plans using instructional texts. Then, we worked in groups to actually formulate business plans related to a set theme. The training was a great opportunity to systematically learn and put into practice a wide range of knowledge.
In the group portion, through repeated discussion and evalua-
tion with groupmates from other departments and Group companies, I learned a variety of ways of seeing and thinking about things. I also had a chance to research the businesses and materials handled by Kanematsu and Group companies, which gave me a better idea of what the Kanematsu Group as a whole does. I think that this training was thus extremely meaningful.
I will challenge myself to apply the things I learned to my ordinary work, aiming to bring out my imagination and ingenuity.
Overseas Dispatch Training System
Kanematsu operates an overseas training system for employees in their first five years with the Company. Participants are dis- patched to overseas subsidiaries, representative offices, and business corporations to experience local life- and workstyles for around six months. This system exposes employees to diverse values and provides the experiences, insights, and knowledge that members of a globally operating trading company need.
Overseas Dispatch Training System Trainee’s Perspective
My regular division handles the sale of industrial inkjet printers made by Japanese manufacturers. Specifically, we set up sales agen- cies in regions around the world, including North America, Europe, and Asia, and work closely with them to consider how to develop markets and then put our conclu- sions into action. My main mis- sion during my overseas dispatch training in Dusseldorf, Germany, was to establish a new sales agen-
cy, from the preparation of the printing media onward, that would specialize in a particular market in order to achieve dif- ferentiation from competing products within said market. Things frequently went differently than we had projected, and we were constantly correcting course. I learned that doing so while quickly and consistently implementing the PDCA cycle is an important part of moving business forward. Also, I real- ized that dealing with customers on site, as opposed to com- municating from Japan, completely changes the timescale of business and the intensity of communication, which I feel was an extremely valuable lesson.
         Kyoko Yasuoka
Functional Chemicals Department, Functional Chemicals Section No. 2
Tatsuro Yano
Industrial Electronics Department, Section 1
   KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 39
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
  Executive Management Training
Kanematsu created a new executive management training sys- tem in fiscal 2017 to foster the skills to operate businesses and organizations from an executive management perspective. Specifically, the targets of this training are to (1) foster strategy formulation and human resource management abilities and (2) acquire the basic knowledge necessary to an executive manag-
Diversity
Promoting Greater Professional Success for Women
Action Plan to Help Women Excel
er. In the first year, we implemented this training for general manager-level employees. From fiscal 2018, we are gradually expanding this training to the division manager level and below, planning to eventually include employees who are in approximately their 10th year with the Company.
  In line with its efforts to raise its enterprise value, Kanematsu aims to utilize diverse human resources, allocating them where they can be most effective and allowing individuals to make the most of their abilities. To help women excel in the Company, we have formulated the action plan outlined below.
Action Plan for Helping Women Excel (Outline) Plan duration: April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2019
In fiscal 2017, we adopted new systems aimed at helping women succeed professionally.
1. A system to allow non-career-track employees to take division manager or assistant manager positions
2. A system for rehiring employees who left the Company to accompany a spouse who was transferred to another location
Female career-track employees 51 55 54 56 54 Responsibility band 3 16 21 22 22 22
* Work location is determined according to the Company’s needs and not restricted to any specific area. These employees eventually move into core operations.
 Issues the Company Faces
1. Although Kanematsu hires a certain number of women every year, the proportion of women in core operations and management positions is low.
2. The Company’s retention rate for female employees is lower than that for male employees.
Targets
1. Increase the number of women working in core operations.
Within job class II, which comprises the main part of employees working in core operations, as of March 31, 2016 increase the number of employees in assistant section manager-level positions by about 1.5 times from the present 17 to 25.
2. Create an employment environment that makes it easier for women to continue working to improve the retention rate.
     FY2014
FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
      Perspective of a Female Employee Working Overseas
As general manager of the Advanced Materials Department at Kanematsu Taiwan Corporation, I work with the dozen or so employees in my department to maintain and expand our exist- ing businesses related to printed circuit boards while striving to develop new businesses. Kanematsu Taiwan Corporation is now 66 years old and is known within the electronics industry as a trading company with a long history. While striving to exert an even greater presence in the market, we are working hard to find ways to effectively communicate the advantages of a trading company to customers.
Printed circuit boards, which my depart- ment handles, are an essential basic component of all electronics. Taiwan’s circuit board industry is directly linked to the global electronics indus- try; by watching the product shipments of circuit board manufacturers, it is possible to infer with considerable precision the trends of the elec- tronics industry. Our network spanning Taiwan, China, and Japan is strong, and the overseas electronics divisions are working together, in
line with the policy of the division at Kanematsu, to help secure added value, expand the earnings base, and enhance quality.
Many people think that Japanese compa- nies seldom offer opportunities to women, but Kanematsu has given me opportunities. Some might imagine that it would be difficult for a woman to work as a general manager, but there are many upsides; business partners remember me more easily, and it sometimes makes negotiations easier. I think that the most important thing in business is to get the other party to open up and trust you. To that end, I strive to enhance both my softness and strength, which I think together constitute a kind of power unique to women.
I have only been with Kanematsu a short while, but I have had the chance to meet many people, and I feel that it is a rewarding place to work. I hope to bring an even more positive attitude going forward to work enjoyably with my colleagues and business partners.
   Iver Wang
General Manager,
Advanced Materials Department Kanematsu Taiwan Corporation
 40 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

 Global Professionals
Global Staff Perspective
    Pham Gia Kieu Tien
Grain and Feedstuff Department, Forage and Dairy Products Section
Work-Life Balance
After two years in trading operations at Kanematsu Vietnam Co., Ltd., I am now working in sales of animal feed for overseas dairy farming at Kanematsu in Japan. Although I was born in Vietnam, I moved to Japan as a small child, and I consider myself to have two home countries. I hope to com- municate the good things about Japan to Vietnam and be a bridge between the two nations.
Through my work, I am very fortunate to have the chance to interact with people from
around the world, visit their countries, and discover new perspectives. I also find it rewarding to be able to provide safe, reliable products to the market, and I strive to con- tribute to society in my own capacity.
I think that who you work with is more important than what your work is, and I have been very fortunate to encounter wonderful people, leading to my work at the Kanematsu Group. Going forward, I will con- tinue striving to radiate positivity, so that others will be eager to work with me, too.
   Kanematsu is proactively committed to ensuring a good work-life balance and discourages long working hours in order to foster a healthy workforce. We have been improving the working environment so that employees can treasure the time they spend with their
families as well as the time spent on hobbies and participating in
Child Care Support
In addition to comprehensive maternity and childcare leave arrange- ments, we allow mothers to work short hours and flexi-time after taking leave for pregnancy or child care reasons, so they can contin- ue to raise growing children after rejoining the workforce.
Many mothers take childcare leave, and when they return to work, they generally go back to the divisions in which they worked before. These measures have been taken to create a pleasant working environment.
Bronze Week
Since fiscal 2016, Kanematsu has maintained a “Bronze Week” sys- tem for systematically encouraging the use of annual paid vacation days. This is intended to make it easier for employees to take off the time they are entitled to, improve work-life balance, and create workplaces that are comfortable and rewarding. As shown in the graph at left, the rate of annual vacation days used in fiscal 2017 was 66.7%, a full 7.0 points higher than fiscal 2015, before the system was introduced. Among non-managerial employees, the rate was 70.4%, above the system’s target of 70%.
Going forward, we plan to implement a “My Weekend” sys- tem to encourage employees to take Mondays or Fridays off to create three-day weekends. Through such efforts, including those aimed at increasing the usage of time off among managerial staff, we aim to create even more comfortable workplaces.
social activities.
Number of Employees Taking Childcare Leave
17* 14 18 * Includes two male employees FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
  Annual Vacation Usage Rate
80
70
60 58.8% 60.4% 59.7% 50
(%)
  Introduction of the Bronze Week system to promote the use of paid vacation
     FY2014 FY2015
FY2016
65.6%
FY2017
66.7%
FY2018Bronze Week System Outline
• Makes it easier to take off a bridge day between two ordinary days off or the day before or after a three-day weekend, effectively extending the number of consecutive days off for the individual to four or more.
• The system is designed to allow employees to choose their own days off. At the start of the fiscal year, each section designates at least four days in the year as candidate days for paid vacation, and each individual then chooses at least two of these to take off.
• Applies to all employees in principle, excluding those on dispatch within Japan, stationed overseas, or on leave.
• The system, which encourages the use of paid annual vacation, especially multiple consecutive days off, is named “Bronze Week” in reference to the yearly clusters of public holidays in Japan popularly known as “Golden Week” and “Silver Week.”
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 41