Social Contribution
 The Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade
The Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade was established in 1940 with the purpose of contributing to economic development through support and funding for research into trade and international economics. The Foundation is jointly operated by the Research Institute for Economics and Business Administration of Kobe University and Kanematsu.
In 1993, the Kanematsu Fellowship—a Kanematsu post- graduate research scholarship—was jointly established by the Research Institute for Economics and Business Administration of Kobe University, the Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade, and Kanematsu Corporation. Every year, graduate students are invited to submit their dissertations to apply for the fellowship. The Kanematsu Fellowship thus pro- vides graduate students in the fields of economics, manage- ment, and accounting across Japan with opportunities to win a research fellowship and to present their research.
Kanematsu will continue to support research in the fields
of economics, management, and accounting through the Kanematsu Fellowship.
 42 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
  Volunteering in Areas Affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake
 After the March 2011 Great East Japan Earthquake, the Kanematsu Group donated money and supplies to affected areas. Since September of the same year, the Group has pro- vided ongoing support for Rikuzentakata, Iwate, through its own volunteer program. In addition to a volunteer leave sys- tem, Kanematsu has a system to support employees volunteer- ing in disaster-affected areas that includes reimbursement of transportation and accommodation expenses for employees participating in the Company’s volunteer program. Going for- ward, Kanematsu will continue to provide support in line with the needs of the area and local residents in order to assist in the city’s recovery and development.
Supporting Amputee Football
In fiscal 2018, Kanematsu began supporting the Japan Amputee Football Association, one of seven disabled soccer organizations in Japan.* In April 2018, Kanematsu invited Sérgio Echigo, the association’s supreme advisor, to speak at a kick-off event for this support. Talks at the event covered a wide range of impor- tant topics, including an explanation of amputee soccer, cultural differences between countries, the importance of community, and how able-bodied people should regard people with disabili- ties. Through its support for the sport, Kanematsu aims to con- tribute to society as a good corporate citizen.
* Amputee football is a type of soccer with seven players per team for people with upper or lower extremity amputations. Because the sport requires no special equipment and can be played using ordinary crutches, it is a highly accessible form of disabled soccer.
e-Net Caravan Activities
Kanematsu Communications Ltd. understands that, in addition to selling mobile phones, it has the important duty of promoting the safe use of such devices. Accordingly, we take part in e-Net Caravan activities, aiming for mutual development with local communities.
e-Net Caravan is a nationwide initiative being advanced by the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications and the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology targeting elementary through high school students as well as their parents and teachers to raise awareness and provide guid- ance regarding safe internet use. As part of the program, Kanematsu Communications dispatches certified instructors to schools around Japan to conduct special lessons. In June 2018, these instructors conducted e-Net Caravan lessons at junior high schools in Rikuzentakata as part of Group volunteer activities.
Also in June 2018, the National Association of Mobile-phone Distributors, of which Kanematsu Communications president Takashi Kikuchi is a board member, received the 2018 Info- Communications Promotion Month Minister of Internal Affairs and Communications Prize. This prize was given in recognition of the association’s significant contributions to the protection of consumer interests in the electronic communications field through such efforts as its work to create frameworks to enable mobile phone users to enter contracts and seek information with confidence as well as its active cooperation in dispatching instructors to hold awareness-raising classes to improve the information literacy and moral understanding of youth.
Activities
• Lessons held: Fiscal 2017 55 schools
Fiscal 2018 76 schools (as of July; includes
classes scheduled but not yet held) • Certified instructors: 209 (as of July 1, 2018)
All of the above are among the highest within the National Association of Mobile-phone Distributors (Full members: 150 companies; Associate members: 393 companies; Supporting members: 8 companies)
         e-Net Caravan at a junior high school in Rikuzentakata, Iwate
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 43