Corporate GovernanceOur Basic Stance on Corporate Governance
Kanematsu’s founder himself put down the words “Let us sow and nurture the seeds of global prosperity.” The Kanematsu Group recognizes the pioneering spirit fostered by our predecessors along with the wise use of our creative imagination and ingenuity, fulfilling our corporate social responsibilities through sound, flourishing businesses, and adherence to Company rules as key parts of its Corporate Principle. We operate in accordance with this principle and our Code of Conduct, striving to carry out corporate activities to serve our various stakeholders and help realize a sustainable society by providing socially valuable goods and services.
To this end, Kanematsu endeavors to strengthen corporate governance to increase the transparency of management and create a more equitable, efficient, and sound company. We work to improve corporate governance with the aim of increasing our enterprise value and winning the support of all our stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, busi- ness partners, and employees.System of Corporate Governance
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors is made up of eight directors. The Board decides on matters required of it as set out in law and Kanematsu’s Articles of Incorporation as well as business policies and other important matters and oversees business execution by directors. Three of the eight directors are outside directors to ensure that the Board conducts appropriate decision making and to further reinforce the supervision of business execution. In principle, the Board of Directors meets once a month, with
Advisory Bodies
To reinforce the objectivity, independence, and accountability of the Board of Directors, Kanematsu has established a Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee as advisory bodies under the Board of Directors.
• Nominating Committee: Comprises the president as commit- tee chair and the three outside directors. The committee pro- vides advice and recommendations to the Board of Directors based on deliberations regarding such matters as proposals for the General Meeting of Shareholders related to the appointment
Corporate Governance Structure
additional meetings held as necessary. Directors are appointed to the Board for one-year terms to allow the Board to respond appropriately to changes in the business environment.
Kanematsu has adopted an executive officer system to improve the flexibility of business execution, speed up manage- ment decision making, and further clarify roles and responsibili- ties through the separation of supervisory and executive functions.
and dismissal of directors and the necessary policy, rules, and
procedures for reaching related resolutions.
• Compensation Committee: Comprises the president as com-
mittee chair and the three outside directors. The committee pro- vides advice and recommendations to the Board of Directors based on deliberations regarding such matters as policy regard- ing the setting of compensation levels and types for individual directors and executive officers as well as the necessary policy, rules, and procedures for reaching related resolutions.
   44 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018
General Meeting of Shareholders
Appointment/ Dismissal
  Audit & Supervisory BoardFour Audit & Supervisory Board Members (including three outside members)
Consultation Advice/Suggestions
Appointment/Dismissal
Appointment/Dismissal/ Supervision
Audit
Appointment/Dismissal
Audit
Board of Directors
  Eight directors (including three outside directors)
Collaboration
Accounting audit
CollaborationNominating CommitteeCompensation Committee
  President
Management Committee
Collaboration
Internal controls
     Internal Control and Compliance Committee
Internal Auditing Department
 Project Deliberation Committee
   CSR Committee
 Marketing Area/Support Area, Domestic and Overseas Offices
Accounting Auditor
(As of June 22, 2018)
   Management Committee
To facilitate rapid decision making and flexible management, Kanematsu has set up a Management Committee composed of executive officers, including the president. In principle, the Committee meets at least twice a month. The Committee establishes basic policies for Companywide general business
Project Deliberation Committee
The Project Deliberation Committee was established to enhance debate and speed up decision making on important projects. The Committee considers and discusses matters from a Companywide perspective and submits recommendations to
Audit & Supervisory Board
The Audit & Supervisory Board acts as an independent organ to audit directors’ performance of their duties. Specifically, the four Audit & Supervisory Board members, including three out- side members, receive reports from directors and employees on
execution in accordance with basic policies determined by the Board of Directors and provides instruction and guidance on the execution of business. The Management Committee is also attended by the outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members.
the designated decision makers for each item before the deci- sion must be made. In principle, the Committee meets at least twice a month.
the performance of their duties as required, and attend meet- ings of the Board of Directors, Management Committee, Project Deliberation Committee, Internal Control and Compliance Committee, and other important meetings.
   Reasons for Selection of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
     Outside Directors
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board members
Yutaka Hirai
Name
Seiichi Katayama
Tsutomu Yajima
Sohei Ogawa
Yonosuke Yamada
Tsukasa Miyachi
Reasons for selection
So that he can utilize his wide-ranging insight and many years of business experience, including that as representative director and executive vice presi- dent of Daifuku Co., Ltd., and wide-ranging insight in Kanematsu’s manage- ment and provide management oversight.
So that he can utilize the wide-ranging knowledge and insight regarding corporate management as well as expertise amassed as a professor of economics—albeit with no direct experience in management other than
as an outside director—in Kanematsu’s management and provide manage- ment oversight.
So that he can provide advice to management and appropriate oversight of business execution based on his sophisticated insight and wealth of experi- ence in corporate management, including as a managing executive officer of JFE Steel Corporation and president and CEO of JFE Shoji Trade Corporation.
So that he can audit Kanematsu based on his abundant experience in the internal management of financial institutions and wide-ranging insight.
So that he can audit Kanematsu based on his expert insight and experience as a lawyer.
So that he can audit Kanematsu based on his expert knowledge and experi- ence as a certified public accountant.
Fiscal 2017 attendance
22 of 22 Board of Directors meetings
22 of 22 Board of Directors meetings
17 of 17 Board of Directors meetings
 22 of 22 Board of Directors meetings
14 of 14 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
21 of 22 Board of Directors meetings
14 of 14 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
22 of 22 Board of Directors meetings
14 of 14 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
           * Because Mr. Yajima was appointed at the June 23, 2017 General Meeting of Shareholders, the number of meetings of the Board of Directors that he was eligible to attend differs from that for the other outside directors and outside Audit & Supervisory Board members.
Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Compensation
Breakdown of Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Compensation
220 178 — 41 — 6
26 26 — — — 1
60 60 — — — 6
1 By resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders, the total annual compensation for directors is capped at ¥300,000,000 (of which, the total annual com- pensation for outside directors is capped at ¥30,000,000), and the total annual compensation for Audit & Supervisory Board members is capped at ¥84,000,000 (per resolution of the June 24, 2015 General Meeting of Shareholders).
2 The above table includes one director who retired as of the conclusion of the June 23, 2017 General Meeting of Shareholders.
     Total compensation (millions of yen)
Total compensation by type (millions of yen)
Number of individuals receiving compensation
    Directors (excluding outside directors)
Basic compensation
Stock options
Bonuses
Retirement benefits
    Audit & Supervisory Board members (excluding outside members)
 Outside directors and Audit & Supervisory Board members
         KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 45
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Features Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

  Performance-Linked Compensation Plan
To clarify directors’ management responsibilities and enhance their incentives to improve corporate performance, Kanematsu has adopted a performance-linked compensation plan.
Furthermore, the May 9, 2018 Board of Directors meeting and June 22, 2018 General Meeting of Shareholders passed resolutions to introduce a performance-linked stock compensa- tion plan employing a trust for Kanematsu’s directors (exclud- ing outside directors). The Company also decided to implement
Internal Auditing
a similar performance-linked stock compensation plan for its executive officers. The new plan is aimed at more closely link- ing director compensation with corporate performance and stock price and better motivating directors to improve corpo- rate performance and enterprise value over the medium term by having directors share with other shareholders the potential benefits and risks of share price changes.
 To ensure that proper accounting records are kept and to monitor appropriate business execution, Kanematsu has established auditing rules, in accordance with which the Internal Auditing Department conducts internal audits of all divisions and consolidat- ed subsidiaries.
Internal Control System and Risk Management System
  Maintaining the Internal Control System
To comprehensively assess risks facing the Kanematsu Group, to comply with laws and regulations relating to operational effectiveness and efficiency and business activities, to protect its assets, and to ensure the reliability of its financial reporting, the Kanematsu Group has built an internal control system. To operate this system effectively and efficiently, we have also
Compliance
In light of the importance of corporate legal compliance, we have set up internal control systems for the Company and the Group as well as an Internal Control and Compliance Committee to implement said systems, seeking to strengthen our internal compliance system. In addition to preparing a Compliance
Diagram of the Kanematsu Group Compliance System
established the Internal Control and Compliance Committee. We develop, operate, assess, and improve internal controls related to financial reporting to ensure the correctness of the Group’s reporting in line with the internal control reporting sys- tems defined in the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law.
Handbook that covers all Group companies, we work to enhance awareness of and training on sensible behavioral ethics. The Group also maintains a hotline system that allows employ- ees to directly report to or consult with the Internal Control and Compliance Committee or an outside lawyer.
Instructions, Feedback Reports, Consultation
(For units that do not have a controlling division at Kanematsu Corporation)
Group Companies
*Sub-subsidiaries report through their immediate parent companies
(As of June 22, 2018)
Resources & General Affairs Department is designated to coordi- nate Companywide response and information gathering to address any unreasonable demands from antisocial forces, and the Company maintains a framework for responding in coordi- nation with outside organizations, including the police and attorneys.
         Board of Directors
  Marketing Area/Support Area
 Departmental Compliance Officers
(Chief officers of business divisions and administrative departments)
Management Committee
Internal Control and Compliance Committee
Audit & Supervisory Board
   Internal Control and Compliance Committee Members
 Promotion Office: Legal & Compliance Department
     Compliance Officer (President of Head of Location)
  Officers & Employees of Kanematsu Corporation
Officers & Employees of Group companies
  Elimination of Antisocial Forces
One of Kanematsu’s compliance commitments is to take a firm stand against and eschew all relationships with antisocial forces. To promote the elimination of antisocial forces, Kanematsu belongs to the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department’s Special Violence Prevention Countermeasures Association, cooperating closely on a regular basis by sharing information. The Human
46 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018

  Information Management System
With regard to information management, we have established standards for the custody, retention, and disposal of account- ing records, balance sheets, agreements and contracts con- cerning the basic rights and obligations of Kanematsu, certificates related to properties, and other similar documents.
As information is a valuable corporate asset, we have also formulated, and work to reinforce, rules on information securi- ty management with the aim of protecting and managing per- sonal data and other information in line with compliance requirements.
Risk Management
With respect to business risks that may affect our operations, Kanematsu has designated departments responsible for each type of risk, established internal regulations and detailed enforcement regulations, and prepared operational guidelines. We furthermore use training and other means to ensure thor- ough awareness of risk management. The Company also sets up cross-departmental committees as necessary to control risks.
To comprehensively assess risks facing the Kanematsu Group, promote operational effectiveness and efficiency, and ensure the reliability of financial reporting, we have established
Quantifying and Monitoring Risk
The Kanematsu Group has laid out basic guidelines for control- ling and managing risk in its Risk Management Guidelines. Based on said guidelines, we classify and define risks, then respond to each appropriately, aiming to minimize losses to the Kanematsu Group and achieve sound business growth and development.
The Group monitors quantifiable risks (market risk, credit risk, investment risk, country risk, etc.) by regularly measuring such risks and reporting the results to management. Specifically, to measure maximum possible losses (risk assets) we apply a pro- prietary weighting scheme corresponding to the potential loss risk to all assets included in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as well as off-balance sheet items.
Recently, to achieve more sophisticated capital management, we set an upper limit on the risk asset ratio, aiming to ensure a sound balance of risk assets and risk buffer (shareholder’s equity) and maintain a sound financial position while increasing enter- prise value through business creation and revenue expansion.
Groupwide Activities
With regard to the security of information systems, the Group has established information security management rules aimed at preventing leaks and losses of important information and established standardized rules covering the use of PCs, networks, and e-mail to protect corporate and personal infor- mation. Furthermore, the Group continually reviews its systems framework aimed at enhancing security and operates and maintains said framework to ensure that security is maintained at necessary and appropriate levels.
the Internal Control and Compliance Committee as a Groupwide organization. We have established an approval request system based on designated levels of authority to minimize business risks. The Project Deliberation Committee considers important investments and loans by comprehensively examining relevant risks.
To address the risk of crises related to the occurrence of major events, such as natural disasters, we have put in place a system, including specific rules and policies of action, to ensure the appro- priate management of the Group at such extraordinary times.
    Risk Assets
(Billions of yen)
(Times)
120 100 80 60 40 20 0
116
0.6 0.5 0.4 0.3 0.2 0.1
0
 0.49
44
FY2015
Risk assets
92
100    90
0.4844
0.44
44
0.40
46  Group company presidents meet twice a year and at other times as necessary to share information on Groupwide business activities. These meetings are aimed at ensuring mutual understanding and awareness with regard to corporate governance issues.
Disclosure
FY2016
FY2017
Risk-asset ratio
FY2018
Shareholders’ equity
 We promote proper and transparent management by promptly and accurately disclosing important corporate information about management to shareholders and all other stakeholders, institutional investors, analysts, and the media. In addition to timely disclosure to financial instruments exchanges, we disclose information through our website and engage actively in IR activities, including regular briefings for institutional investors and analysts and meetings.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2018 47