CLIMATE CHANGE
Our Policy
INPEX recognizes that climate change is a critical business issue. To achieve the long-term goals of the Paris Agreement, an econo- my-wide transition to a low-carbon society is under way. Global cli- mate change response requires action by all members of the inter- national community including governments, businesses and civil society. Governmental policy, technology development, industry response and other long-term initiatives are particularly pertinent. We are committed to fulfilling our role in addressing climate change as a responsible member of the oil and gas industry. Furthermore, we comply with the national regulations of each country in which we operate, including those introduced to support the Paris Agree- ment. Our businesses will work with governments and other stake- holders to address the two societal demands of meeting increasing energy needs and reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and achieve a balance between the two. In our actions towards achiev-
1. Corporate Position on Climate Change https://www.inpex.co.jp/english/csr/climatechange/pdf/20200204.pdf
ing a low-carbon society, we will strengthen initiatives on promot- ing natural gas development and renewable energy to reduce the emissions associated with INPEX’s value chain.
In addition, we will properly manage GHG emissions from our operations and pursue technology development for the practical application of carbon capture and storage (CCS) to capture and sequester GHG emissions. We shall also implement measures to disclose information associated with climate change in line with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). In line with these policies, INPEX has developed “Corporate Position on Climate Change,” (issued December 2015 and last revised February 2020) a position paper accessible on our website1.
    MESSAGE FROM THE DIRECTOR IN CHARGE OF CLIMATE CHANGE RESPONSE
To enhance our response to climate change as a responsible oil and natural gas company, we published a position paper entitled “Corporate Position on Climate Change” in December 2015 and most recently updated it in February 2020. As detailed in INPEX’s “Vision 2040” and “Medium-term Busi- ness Plan 2018- 2022” announced in May 2018, we are also implementing ongoing measures to enhance our initiatives addressing climate change and to disclose information in line with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). These measures are positioned to help us contribute proactively to developing a low-carbon society based on the long-term targets outlined in the Paris Agreement.
Specifically, our Board of Directors seeks to maintain its oversight and expand its involvement in governance. When developing our business strat- egies, we assess our ability to respond to multiple climate-related scenarios, including the IEA2 WEO 2°C scenario3, to evaluate our business portfolio. Regarding risk and opportunity assessment, we have an annual assessment
2. IEA: International Energy Agency
3. Sustainable Development Scenario
4. IPIECA: International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation Association
and management cycle where risks and opportunities are explored in detail. We then implement measures and work plans developed from that process. As for the management of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, we are considering target-setting methods in line with international standards while complying with each country’s national regulations and GHG man- agement frameworks. We are also improving information disclosure regard- ing exposure to climate change risks in line with the recommendations set out by the TCFD.
To apply industry best practices to these activities in a timely manner, we disseminate and gather information as a member of the Executive Com- mittee of IPIECA4, the global oil and gas industry association for advancing environmental and social performance. INPEX hosted the first IPIECA extraordinary general meeting and executive committee meeting in Japan in November 2019. We will continue our efforts to proactively promote sustainability.
Kimihisa Kittaka
Director, Managing Executive Officer in charge of Corporate Strategy & Planning
 Aerial of Bynoe Harbour near Darwin
INPEX CORPORATION Annual Report 2019/12 43INPEX Value Creation Management Strategies and Results Project Overview Sustainability and Governance Financial and Corporate Information
 Sustainability
Climate Change
In response to the TCFD recommendations, we are implementing initiatives for the assessment and management of climate change risks.
We classify policy and legal transitions, technology transitions, market transitions and reputational risks as transition risks, and acute and chronic risks as physical risks. We also apply short-term, medium-term and long-term classifications to each of these risk categories. Climate Change Strategy Group, within the Corporate Strategy & Planning Unit of the Corporate Strategy & Planning Divi- sion acts as the secretariat and conducts risk assessment and man- agement on a yearly cycle.
Given their importance, risk assessment and the formulation of countermeasures incorporate the deliberations, evaluations and proposals of divisions and units across the Company, with the Cli- mate Change Strategy Project Team assuming the title of “Climate Change Strategy Working Group” and serving as an advisory board to the CSR Committee.
We conduct financial assessments of climate change-related
Climate Change Milestones
risks by addressing policy and regulatory risk as well as market risk. For the policy and regulatory risk, we assess how the introduction or enhancement of a carbon pricing policy would financially impact our projects. For the market risk, we assess how crude oil prices and carbon prices in a WEO 2°C scenario published by the IEA, as well as the supply and demand outlook for oil and LNG in the same scenario, would financially impact our projects.
Meanwhile, we conducted physical risk assessments of INPEX-operated facilities in fiscal 2019 and identified risks at leading facilities in Japan and Australia. In terms of chronic risk, there may be impacts to our operational efficiency, though our assessment indicated that there was no immediate need for facility repairs. On the other hand, when looking at acute risks, our attention is focused on natural disasters, which appear to be occurring in Japan with greater frequency and force. As countermeasures move forward on the national level, we focus on the risk management within the con- ventional framework including promotion of pipeline risk assess- ment and the formulation of countermeasures.
 Climate Change-Related Risk
  ● Published “Corporate Position on Climate Change” (position paper)
● Established a Climate Change Strategy Project Team led by the Corporate Strategy & Planning Division
● Set internal carbon price (535/tCO2-e) for economic evaluation
2017 ● Established scenarios for a low-carbon society
● Announced “Vision 2040” which aims for renewable energy to account for 10% of our project portfolio by 2040
2018 ● Established Climate Change Strategy Group to promote actions against climate change within the Corporate Strategy and Planning Division
● Launched economic assessment using IEA WEO 2°C scenario
2019 ● Launched physical risk assessment trials at major INPEX-operated facilities
● Climate Change Strategy Project Team assigned to advise the CSR Committee
2020 ● Established Assessment and Management Guidelines for Climate Change Risks and Opportunities
2015 2016
            Governance Framework for Climate Change Response
As we recognize that climate change is a critical business issue, the Board of Directors seeks to maintain its oversight and expand INPEX’s involvement in this matter. Specifically, our “Corporate Posi- tion on Climate Change” was resolved by the Board of Directors and published in 2015, with a revision made in February 2020. As a rule, the Board will review this corporate position on a yearly basis. We created a system where assessment of climate change risks and
Governance Framework for Climate Change Response
opportunities and the target settings relating to climate change are approved by the Management Committee and then reported to the Board of Directors. Finally, we have tasked the Climate Change Strat- egy Group, within the Corporate Strategy & Planning Unit of the Corporate Strategy & Planning Division, to address climate change issues across the entire company.
 Board of Directors ❶
 Roles of 1 to 4 in the Governance Framework on the left
❶ Develop corporate position on climate change, and monitor
progress on responses
❷ Evaluate assessments of climate change risks and opportunities,
and set important targets relating to climate change
❸ Conduct assessments of climate change-related risks and
opportunities as a cross-organizational advisory body composed
of about 25 members
❹ Compile, analyze and report GHG emissions based on HSE Policy
      Management Committee ❷
 Representative Director, President & CEO
 Director, Managing Executive Officer Head of Corporate Strategy & Planning Division
  44 INPEX CORPORATION Annual Report 2019/12
CSR Committee
Climate Change Strategy Working Group ●❸
Corporate HSE Committee ●❹
Divisions and subsidiaries
 Deputy Head of Corporate Strategy & Planning
Climate Change Strategy Group Division
 
 Plan for Transitioning to a Low-Carbon Society
With the goal of reducing the carbon footprint of our businesses, we use the International Energy Agency’s World Energy Outlook (WEO) Stated Policies Scenario as a base-case scenario, and are focused on business strategies for the transition period to a low-car- bon society, with reference materials including the IEA’s WEO 2°C scenario (Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS)). In addition to promoting the development of natural gas and strengthening our efforts in renewable energy initiatives, where strong demand is expected under these scenarios, we are managing emissions from our operations appropriately and participating in proof-of-concept trials for CCS, which is a technology to capture and store CO2.
In Vison 2040, we further promote a low-carbon footprint in operations. We aim to be a key player in natural gas development
Renewable Energy Initiatives
With the goal of adequately responding to climate change and meeting growing demand for renewable energy over the long term, we are accelerating the development of our renewable energy busi- ness. In addition to domestic photovoltaic power projects, we are currently engaged in geothermal power generation businesses both in Japan and Indonesia. In the future, INPEX intends to expand its participation in wind power generation and other areas, further expanding its business, while also promoting technology research and development related to greenhouse gas reduction. INPEX aims for renewable energy to account for 10 percent of its project portfo- lio by 2040.
Targets and Results of Material Issues
and supply, mainly focusing on Asia and Oceania. Meanwhile, we will seek to expand our domestic gas supply chain on which our development and supply of natural gas has so far been centered, and create a global gas value chain. In the field of renewables, we aim for renewable energy projects to account for 10% of our project portfolio in the long term. As for CCS, we will develop technologies for its practical application.
Accordingly, while reducing our carbon footprint in each of our business activities, we will work to continuously increase corporate value by maintaining a business portfolio with the flexibility to respond to changes in our business environment looking towards 2040. Geothermal flow tests in the Oyasu region in Akita Prefecture, Japan
      Material Issues
Key Tasks
FY2019 Results
FY2020 Targets
                 Responding to Climate Change
Develop natural gas as a cleaner source of energy
Strengthen climate-change related risk management
lIchthys LNG Project
lContinued a stable supply of natural gas and increased
supply volume through safe production operations at domestic gas fields, the Naoetsu LNG Terminal and along the approximately 1,500-kilometer long, high-pressure gas trunk pipeline network
lEstablished a smart energy company with the goal of introducing cogeneration facilities in Mizuho, Tokyo
l Created a system for the inspection, data compilation and
publishing of reports on methane dissipation from equip- ment and machinery at domestic business sites
lLaunched economic evaluation based on IEA WEO 2°C scenario
lConducted trial physical risk assessments at major INPEX-operated facilities
lImproved CDP score from C to B
lAchieve stable and efficient production operations at the Ichthys LNG Project
lMaintain a stable supply of natural gas and increase sup- ply volume through the safe operation of domestic gas fields, the Naoetsu LNG Terminal and the approximately 1,500-kilometer long, high-pressure gas trunk pipeline network
lEngage in activities to promote natural gas consumption lContinue to improve management of GHG emissions,
including methane
  lFormulate guidelines for the assessment and manage- ment of climate change-related risks and opportunities lContinue to improve financial assessment methods relat-
ed to climate change-related risks
lDisclose GHG emissions on an equity share basis
             Promote renewable energy business
lEnsured stable operation of photovoltaic power genera- tion
lAchieved stable operations at the Sarulla Geothermal IPP Project in Indonesia
lContinued environmental assessments in the Oyasu region in Akita Prefecture. Continued surveys at Amema- sudake, Hokkaido
lConducted preparation work toward final investment decision (FID) for the domestic wind power business lContinued research and development of technologies
that contribute to building an electricity-hydrogen-meth- ane value chain. Launched test operations at methana- tion test facility in October 2019
l Ensure stable operation of photovoltaic power generation facilities
lEnsure stable operations at the Sarulla Geothermal IPP Project in Indonesia
lPromote existing geothermal power generation business in Japan
lPursue new geothermal business opportunities in Japan and overseas. Promote full-scale geothermal flow tests in the Oyasu region in Akita Prefecture
l Pursue onshore and offshore wind power business oppor- tunities in Japan
lPursue new wind power business in Japan and overseas l Continue research and development of technologies that contribute to building an electricity-hydrogen-methane value chain. Conduct tests and launch continuous oper-
ations at the methanation test facility
       INPEX CORPORATION Annual Report 2019/12 45