To realize a safe and secure IT society, we will pursue such endeavors as providing highquality education through the Internet and building a foundation for industrial and technological innovation.

Solving Social Issues Using Big Data
The Company has published the Yahoo! JAPAN Big Data Report. In this report, we demonstrate the power and wonder of big data utilization by carrying out trend-based analyses of the abundant anonymous user data accumulated over the course of providing Yahoo! JAPAN services in various categories, particularly Yahoo! Search, as well as advertising and social media services.
The Yahoo! JAPAN Big Data Report also introduces the initiatives being undertaken by Yahoo! JAPAN Research. For example, in the event of a major disaster, it is necessary to quickly identify ad hoc emergency evacuation areas and provide necessary assistance and support to these areas in order to supplement designated evacuation areas. Addressing this potential scenario, Yahoo! JAPAN Research is utilizing big data to analyze traffic congestion patterns throughout the day with the goal of identifying probable ad hoc emergency evacuation areas in the event of a large-scale disaster.
Additionally, the report provides an easy-to-understand explanation regarding the mechanisms of Yahoo! Transit Information, a service that offers guidance for rail and bus transfers and boasts nearly 40 million users a month. This service compiles a massive amount of data, including not only data for searches using current train/bus times but also data for searches using future train/bus times. By combining big data on transportation routes and times, Yahoo! Transit Information uses AI to estimate which lines will be abnormally crowded and at what time. Utilizing these estimations, the service provides users with a forecast feature for abnormally crowded train times.
Providing Internet Education to Children across Japan
Children are the future, and we are pursuing a variety of initiatives to provide children with education in consideration of the Internet society for the next generation.
Amid expectations that programming education will become mandatory at elementary schools nationwide by fiscal 2020, there has been a rapid opening of programming classrooms at various locations. However, these classrooms are primarily being opened in the Tokyo metropolitan area and other urban locations.
Our Hack Kids program works to address the regional disparities in programming education by providing opportunities for children across Japan to experience the excitement of programming and expand their options for the future.
The exciting nature of this program provides the motivation for children to become immersed in learning about programming. To ensure that children participating in Hack Kids view programming as something fun, we use unique teaching materials that incorporate active learning techniques, giving them chances to find ways of enjoying programming on their own.
To further ensure safe Internet use, we have established the Laboratory on Children’s Internet Use (Children’s Internet Laboratory). While seeking the cooperation of educational institutions, researchers, and parents and guardians, the Children’s Internet Laboratory provides educational materials and develops regional personnel who can promote Internet safety. Through such efforts, the Children’s Internet Laboratory is working to improve Internet literacy.