We are working to solve social issues through collaboration with various sectors, including government agencies, corporations, NPOs/NGOs, and academic research institutions. In addition to independently carrying out disaster relief initiatives, we support the activities of organizations working to address social issues.

Collaborating with Private Enterprises and NPOs in SEMA Activities
Japan is a country where major natural disasters frequently occur. Accordingly, when such disasters occur, a prompt and integrated response that incorporates the strengths of various parties is essential.
Through collaboration among 20 private enterprises that engage in disaster relief activities, including Yahoo! JAPAN, and six NPOs, the Social Emergency Management Alliance (SEMA) was established to serve as an organization that transcends the boundaries between corporations and NPOs. SEMA aims to curtail the impact that natural disasters have on victims and on Japanese society as a whole to the greatest extent possible and support prompt recovery efforts.
SEMA compiles lists of the goods and services that participating companies and organizations have under normal conditions. In the event of a large-scale natural disaster, SEMA uses these lists to swiftly deliver disaster relief packages prepared by each company to disaster stricken areas. NPOs oversee the smooth collection of information in disaster-stricken areas and provide support for a prompt recovery. Furthermore, the participating companies and NPOs cooperate under the aim of ensuring that disaster relief reaches its destination, eliminating waste, and easing the burden of recovery efforts on local governments in the affected areas.
Concluding Agreements with Local Governments to Steadily Deliver Emergency Information to Local Community Members
We have concluded cooperative agreements with the aim of promptly communicating emergency information to local community members in the event of a disaster. Under these agreements, we will compile, manage, and provide various kinds of information, including evacuation advisories and orders issued by local governments as well as designated evacuation areas, and ensure that local communities have easy access to such information. Additionally, to prevent difficulties in browsing the websites of local governments, which see a sharp increase in access during times of emergency, we will open a cache website to help reduce burden. Currently, we have concluded such agreements with 450 local government bodies (as of February 2, 2018).
Furthermore, we offer tools to help transmit emergency information provided by local governments. These tools are being used in disaster drills as they can transmit information to not only local community members but also to anyone in nearby areas who has turned on location notification settings on their smartphone. These tools were used as a communication method to warn people of danger when the main streets of Naha City, Okinawa Prefecture were shut down to dispose of an unexploded bomb. Going forward, we will continue to conclude agreements with local governments to provide information to local community members in a timely fashion.