We aim to have our employees fully exercise their strengths, regardless of experience, beliefs, life stages, or attributes, as they work to spur innovation in our broad range of services and businesses.

Promoting Health Management and Maximizing Employee Performance
We believe that being in good physical and mental health is directly linked to optimal work performance. We also believe that it leads to the happiness of our employees and their families. Guided by these beliefs, the president and representative director took on the role of Chief Conditioning Officer (CCO) on his own initiative in 2016, and subsequently announced the “Good Condition Declaration.” Today, the current president, representative director, and CEO Kentaro Kawabe continues to fulfill this role, making diligent efforts to promote employee health.
We have established the Good Condition Promotion Office, which serves as a promotion structure for enhancing health management and assists employees to work personally toward better health. We are also promoting employee health in collaboration with the YG Health Insurance Society, which was launched in April 2018. Furthermore, for the second year in a row, we have been acknowledged in the large enterprise category (White 500) of the Certified Health and Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program by Nippon Kenko Kaigi.
Going forward, we aim to continue to be a company where employees can approach their work both physically and mentally in optimal condition.
Creating Services with an Awareness of Web Accessibility
We work to secure Internet accessibility to ensure that an even greater number of users are able to use the online content we provide in various settings.
In the design and development of the online content of our services, which we pursue with a vision for the near future, we will actively adopt new technical specifications for web accessibility. By doing so, our browsers and support technologies (hardware and software that assist users with disabilities) will become compatible with new technologies at an even faster pace. When this is accomplished, we believe we will be able to contribute to the improvement and promotion of technologies related to web accessibility in Japan.
On June 20, 2013, we released our Web Accessibility Policy. On August 1, 2016, we updated this policy so that it conforms to the Japanese Industrial Standards (Guidelines for Older Persons and Persons with Disabilities – Information and Communications Equipment, Software, and Services-Part 3: Web Content).