Contributing to a Society in Harmony with Nature
Canon promotes activities worldwide based on the Biodiversity Policy.
Canon’s Initiatives and Their Relation to Sustainable Development Goal (SDGs) Targets
* Target 15.2: Promote the implementation of sustainable management of all types of forests, halt deforestation, restore degraded forests, and substantially increase afforestation and reforestation globally
Target 15.5: Take urgent and significant action to reduce the degradation of natural habitats, to halt the loss of biodiversity and, by 2020, to protect and prevent the extinction of threatened species
  Contributing to a Society in Harmony with Nature
• Biodiversity Policy, Basic Policy
on the Procurement of Timber Products
• Canon Bird Branch Project
• Preservation of natural habitats and biodiversity
• Forest preservation, tree-planting initiatives Target 15.2Target 15.2Target 15.5
  Target 15.5
  Target 15.5Biodiversity Policy
Canon recognizes biodiversity as essential for a sustainable society. We carry out various activities to conserve and protect biodiversity under our Biodiversity Policy, which applies to the entire Canon Group.
Initiatives to Support Continuous Use of Sustainable Forestry Resources within Value Chain
To help support biodiversity, Canon promotes the use of sustainable forestry resources as the raw materials for paper production within the value chain. We have set procurement policies favoring the purchase of paper products derived from sustainably sourced wood pulp. Moreover, the office paper we sell is made under forest certification schemes or using environmentally conscious raw materials.Biodiversity Policy
Basic Policy
Canon fully recognizes biodiversity as an important basis for a sustainable society, and promotes activities that contribute to biodiversity conservation.
Action Guidelines
• Canon strives to conserve biodiversity with consideration for various regional characteristics from a global perspective.
• Canon actively works to reduce the impact on biodiversity associated with various business activities, and to conduct social-contribution activities that lead to biodiversity conservation.
Specific Actions
• “Utilization of Canon technologies and products for biodiversity conservation”
Support for biodiversity conservation activities and projects
• “Consideration for biodiversity centered on operational sites”
Ascertaining the impact of our business activities on biodiversity, and conservation of animal and plant habitats around operational sites
• “Contribution to the realization of a community rich in biodiversity”
Promotion of biodiversity conservation activities and educational activities in collaboration with local communitiesBasic Policy on the Procurement of Timber Products
1. Use sustainable forest materials
In its procurement of timber products, the Canon Group uses materials supplied from forest resources managed exclusively for use as timber products.
2. Trace the origin of forest resources used
We seek the cooperation of business partners to ensure the traceability of products throughout the manufacturing process, from the harvest of raw materials onward.
3. Confirm evidence of traceability
Canon works with its business partners to ensure the traceability of materials used in Canon products (or OEM products) and their packaging that are subject to timber product regulations in each country.
65 Canon Sustainability Report 2021
Group Initiatives to Conserve Biodiversity
At marketing sites and production sites around the world, Canon joins with local stakeholders in activities tailored to local needs. One of the associated company-wide biodiversity conservation initiatives is the Canon Bird Branch Project.
Canon Bird Branch Project
Biodiversity refers to the way living things interact as they coexist on earth. Within this sphere, birds occupy the top position in a local ecosystem pyramid of
cycle of life. Canon promotes the Bird Branch Project, which encompasses a range of bird-centered activities at operational sites in Japan and overseas, as a symbol of the initiatives based on its Group-wide Biodiversity Policy.
Reference: Canon Bird Branch Project website https://global.canon/en/environment/bird-branch/index.html
■ Activities in Japan
Canon’s Shimomaruko headquarters complex in Tokyo occupies a site with extensive greenspace containing a wide variety of trees. Under the supervision of the Wild Bird Society of Japan, a monthly survey of the migratory origin of wild birds is carried out to keep track of the population and the changes by season and by year in the 35 species of wild birds so far recorded. The survey has now been extended to other sites, with bird baths and nest boxes installed, nests regularly cleaned, and measures taken to protect the chicks against falling as part of efforts to provide an environment conducive to breeding and rearing young for a wide variety of wild birds. Alerting employees to the presence of nest boxes gives them the opportunity to observe and learn how wild birds raise their young.
With the idea of attracting kingfishers to the ponds on its site in Ibaraki Prefecture, Canon Ecology Industry Inc. consulted with experts before taking a range of measures to enhance the pond environment, including releasing fish into them. For owls, which are at the top of the food chain, staff have installed large nest boxes and provided other encouragements. Measures to prevent bird strikes (incidents caused by birds or other creatures colliding with human-made structures) and ongoing observation of rare species also contribute to maintaining the welcoming environment for many different wild bird species.
Putting up a nest box at a company site
■ Communicating Through Digital Media
The project website includes regular posts from an expert who explains in simple terms the sometimes difficult subject of biodiversity from the perspective of birds, as well as a bird photo guide and a course on how to photograph birds. The accessible content is designed to stimulate interest across a wide age range. The project also uses Twitter to communicate on a day-to-day basis about the birds that can commonly be seen at the sites and to provide other related information.
■ Overseas activities
We also promote biodiversity conservation initiatives at overseas sites in the Americas, Europe, and Asia. Canon China has been active in the Bird Branch Project since 2019 in collaboration with a local birdwatching NGO. Beijing, where Canon China is located, has many parks rich in nature where birdwatching tours have been held for employees and their families. Through such birdwatching events, which feature informative talks by bird experts, employees learn about the importance of the natural world. Canon China also helps to raise awareness among the general public, using its website and social media to actively communicate about the importance of biodiversity.
 A birdwatching tour at Beijing’s Olympic Green
Canon Sustainability Report 2021 66