 Sustained Growth through Value Creation
2020
INTEGRATED REPORT

      The Kanematsu Group aims to create value the entrepreneurial spirit of its founding.
Last year marked the 130th anniversary of the Kanematsu Group’s founding in 1889. Guided by its Corporate Principle, a codification of the entrepreneurial spirit of its founder, Kanematsu has constantly stayed ahead of the curve, contributing to social and economic development by repeatedly creating new businesses.
In April 2018, we launched future 135, our medium-term vision for the coming six years. Under future 135, we
Corporate Principle
      “Let us sow and nurture the seeds of global prosperity”
“Sow a seed now,” and take action to benefit people around the globe, bade our founder, Fusajiro Kanematsu, setting a standard of public duty that we at Kanematsu continue to uphold through a commitment to ethical business principles and corporate responsibility.
The beliefs and philosophies that inspired Fusajiro Kanematsu in the late nineteenth century Meiji period, a time when Japan was striving to build a national economy, were encapsulated in the document Our Beliefs: Kanematsu’s Guiding Principles in 1967, on the occasion of our merger with The Gosho Company.
Our Beliefs: Kanematsu’s Guiding Principles
1. Reflecting the pioneering spirit of our predecessors, we believe that fairness and justice should guide our business dealings and the wise use of creative imagination and ingenuity will bring prosperity.
2. Our purpose as a Company is not only to build a sound and flourishing business, but to fulfill our responsibilities as a corporate citizen, contributing to society and the security and well-being of all.
3. As members of a corporation, we act not as individuals but as representatives of that organization and as such we are bound by Company rules and attendant loyalties and must work together with a spirit of cooperation while cultivating mutual understanding and respect for fellow members.
Review of Operations
22 Business Segments
24 Electronics & Devices 26 Foods, Meat & Grain
26 Foods
28 Meat Products
30 Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff
32 Steel, Materials & Plant
34 Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
  Contents
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths
2 The Kanematsu Group’s Value Creation Process 4 Kanematsu’s History
6 Message from the President
16 Message from the CFO
Special Feature
18 Progress in the First Two Years
of the future 135 Medium-Term Vision
       
        for the development of society in line with
have launched initiatives aimed at sustained growth in core businesses as well as expansion of scale and securing additional value through business investment. Leveraging our stable earnings structure and financial structure, we are steadily advancing toward the next stage of growth, with the aspiration of being a unique general trading company.
                  1. Origin of corporate activities
2. Fair transactions
3. Information management & disclosure
4. Respect for human rights
5. Consideration of the global environment
6. Social contribution
Sustainability
36 Sustainability
46 Corporate Governance
50 Messages from the Outside Directors
51 Corporate Officers
Editorial Policy
The content of the Kanematsu Group annual reports is based on an integrated reporting approach with reference to the International Integrated Reporting Council’s International Integrated Reporting Framework, the G4 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines, a set of international standards created by the Global Reporting Initiative, and ISO 26000. We hope that the report will help readers deepen their understanding of the Kanematsu Group.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 1
Kanematsu’s Code of Conduct
We became involved in corporate activities to serve our various stakeholders by providing socially valuable goods and services in accordance with the aim of our founder to realize a sustainable society.
Our corporate activities are conducted in compliance with laws and ordinances in Japan and abroad, international rules and practices, and internal rules as well as with social common sense.
Information is properly managed to protect personal information, customer information, and intellectual property and is disclosed in a timely and proper manner to establish mutual trust between Kanematsu and the community and maintain a high level of transparency.
We respect human rights and do not discriminate. Employee career development and capability development are actively supported. Diversity, personality, and character are respected so as to create a dynamic corporate culture.
We exercise sufficient consideration in our corporate activities to maintain a sound global environment for sustainable growth.
We are aware of the importance of our social responsibility as good corporate citizens, and proactively undertake social contribution activities. Employee activities to contribute to community development and to comfortable and safe living are supported.
Financial Section and Company Information
52 Financial and ESG Highlights
54 Management’s Discussion and Analysis 56 Business Risks
58 Consolidated Financial Statements
65 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
121 Independent Auditor’s Report 124 MajorGroupCompanies
125 GlobalNetwork/OrganizationChart 126 JapaneseandOverseasOffices 128 Corporate Profile
Forward-Looking Statements
This annual report contains statements regarding the Kanematsu Group's plans, strategies, and expectations for future performance. Such statements are inherently sub- ject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results could diverge materially from the Group's projections due to changes in the economic and market environment surrounding the Group's business areas, such as exchange rate fluctuation.
                                Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

The Kanematsu Group’s Value Creation Process
The Kanematsu Group is utilizing its capital in society and increase its enterprise value as it
  2 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
    External Environment
Shifting interna- tional conditions
Climate change
Technological innovation
Changing food sup- ply and demand balance
Changing life- styles
Emergence and spread of infec- tious diseases
Legal amend- ments, regulatory loosening and tightening
  Corporate Principle—Our Entrepreneurial Spirit and Our Beliefs:
The Kanematsu Group’s Capital
    Organizational Capital
Human and Intellectual Capital
Financial Capital
Social and Relationship Capital
Natural Capital
• Six divisions, organized by business field, each with specific expertise
• Organizational functions that support business activities from specialized perspectives
• Locations around the world
• Highly specialized Group companies
• Wide range of business fields
• Expertise and technical capabilities
regarding industries and products • Accumulated know-how
• Global professionals/Diverse
professionals
• Business creation and proposal abilities
• Sound financial position (Net D/E ratio of less than 1.0)
• Stable earnings base
• Average annual cash flows of
approximately ¥20 billion
• High quality and quantity of business partners
• Contribution to local communities
• Trust built over a period of 130 years
• Biodiversity (animals, plants, fungi, etc.) • Sunlight, air, forests, and soil
• Geothermal, wind, and other forms of
renewable energy
            Five Key Issues
A
Responding to changes in market characteristics and location and changes in customer needs
B
Mutual development with local communities
C
Consideration of the global environment
D
Enhancing governance
E
Promoting respect for human rights, human resource development, and diversity
                                   Corporate Governance
            
        Kanematsu’s Guiding Principles See p. 1
    What We Do
—Four Segments with Unique Strengths—
— Priority Initiatives Under the future 135 Medium-Term Vision—
  Electronics & Devices
Semiconductor Equipment, Electronic Components and Materials, Industrial Electronics, Semiconductors & Devices,
ICT Solutions, Mobile, and CCTV Systems
  Foods, Meat & Grain
Foods (Agricultural products, marine products, beverages, etc.), Cooked and Processed Foods, Meat Products, Grain, Food Soybeans, Oilseeds, Feedstuff, and Processed Agricultural Products
 Steel, Materials & Plant
Steel, Oilfield Tubing, Chemicals, Energy, Plant & Ships, and Machine Tools & Industrial Machinery
 Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
Motor Vehicles and Parts and Aerospace
 • Sustainable growth in fundamental businesses, expansion of the revenue base through business investments, and securing added value
• Response to technical innovation
• Establishment of management infrastructure for achieving sustainable growth
          Weighing risks and opportunities
Bolstering the management base Contributing to local communities and the environment
                               its corporate activities to provide new value to works to address five key issues.
Value We Provide to Society (Outcomes)
Realizing richer, comfortable living
Health and safety in communities
Addressing environmental issues, including mitigating global warming
Building sustainable value chains
Realizing a society in which people can exercise their individuality and abilities
             KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 3
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Kanematsu’s History
Innovating and evolving with the times, continually
Guided by Kanematsu’s founder, a pioneer in trade between Japan and Australia, Kanematsu weathered financial panics and built a solid foundation. Eventually, the Company expanded to the United States and other countries.
Fusajiro Kanematsu (1845–1913)
Born in Osaka, Fusajiro Kanematsu was forced to work hard as a child, including as an apprentice merchant in Osaka and Kyoto and later in the service of the local samurai.
As an adult, he found success in the banking, marine transport, and newspaper industries, helping to develop Japanese industry. At 44, seeing an opportunity in trade with Australia, he left behind his social standing as a business leader in Osaka and turned his energies to trade between Japan and Australia, building the foundations of Kanematsu.
The first in Japan to directly import Australian wool, Fusajiro Kanematsu earned a reputation as a pioneer for the major role he played in the development of Japan– Australian trade.
1889
Fusajiro Kanematsu Shoten of Australian Trading founded by Fusajiro Kanematsu in Kobe
1890
Branch opened in Sydney
Direct importing of Australian wool began
1918
Company name changed to Kanematsu Shoten Company
1935
Kanematsu Wool Research Institute established (now KANEYO Co., Ltd.)
1936
Branches opened in New York and Seattle
1943
Company name changed to Kanematsu Corporation
1951
Overseas affiliate established in New York, the first overseas office established by a Japanese trading company after World War II
1889 –1950s
Solving Social Problems
      4
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
Founding
Growth
Kanematsu grows larger, diversifying functions as a trading company and expanding geographically.
  1967
Merged with the Gosho Company to form Kanematsu-Gosho, Ltd.
1973
Listed on the first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
1968
Kanematsu Denshi Service Ltd. established (now Kanematsu Electronics Ltd.)
1972
Kanematsu Semiconductor Corporation established (now Kanematsu Futuretech Solutions Corporation)
1974
Kanematsu Computer Systems Ltd. established (now Kanematsu Communications Ltd.)
1978
Kanematsu Kinzoku Hanbai Co., Ltd. estab- lished (now Kanematsu Advanced Materials Corp.)
1982
Nippon Office Systems Ltd. established
Pacific Western Systems Japan established (now Kanematsu PWS Ltd.)
1954
Kanematsu Hiryo Co., Ltd established (now Kanematsu Agritec Co., Ltd.)
1977
Kaneshoku Corporation established (now KANEMATSU SHINTOA FOODS CORPORATION)
1989
100th anniversary of the Company’s founding
1990
Company name changed to Kanematsu Corporation
Electronics & Devices
   Foods, Meat & Grain
  1959
Kanematsu Yuso Co., Ltd. established
1967
Acquired a controlling interest in Fine Kuroda Services Corp., renaming it Kanematsu Gosho Machine Tool Sales Corp. (now Kanematsu KGK Corp.)
1970
Kanematsu Kenzai Corporation established (now Kanematsu Trading Corp.)
Steel, Materials & Plant
1974
Kanematsu Kaseihin Co., Ltd established (now Kanematsu Chemicals Corp.)
1960
Kanematsu Sekiyu Gasu Corp. established (now Kanematsu Petroleum Corp.)
1985
Began trading with Steel Service Oilfield Tubular, Inc.
  1985
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
Kanematsu Aerospace Corp. established
1960s –1980s
 In step with Japan’s rapid economic growth, Kanematsu proactively developed third-county trading as well as importing and exporting between companies in Japan and overseas. At the same time, the Group promoted infrastructure development in developing countries.
Kanematsu expanded its international trading beyond Australia, opening over- seas branches and building a foundation for the development of trade with Japan.
     
   Reforms
Following the expansion and col- lapse of Japan’s economic bubble and the Asian Financial Crisis, Kanematsu carried out decisive business selection and concentra- tion aimed at reinforcing its man- agement framework. The Company also worked to improve and strengthen its financial base.
1991
Kanematsu Electronics Ltd. listed on the first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
1993
Kanematsu Computer Systems Ltd. (now Kanematsu Communications Ltd.) began mobile phone sales
1995
Kanematsu Sekiyu Hanbai Corp. estab- lished (now Kanematsu Petroleum Corp.)
1999
Carried out large-scale business selection and concentration
2005
Kanematsu Electronics Ltd. became a subsidiary
Acquired a majority stake in Shintoa Corp. (100% stake acquired in 2010)
2012
Acquired North American oilfield tubing company Benoit Machine LLC
2013
Resumed dividend payments
Aiming for the Future
  1990s –2000s
 Responding to the rapid uptake of IT throughout society, Kanematsu advanced business development in line with the needs of the informa- tion age, entering the mobile busi- ness and reinforcing information and communication technology (ICT) functions.
    Largely Completed a Year Early in Fiscal 2018
 • Consolidated net income:
¥16.3 billion
• ROE: 15.1% • Shareholders’ equity: ¥116.0 billion • Net D/E ratio: 0.5 times
  Resumed paying an interim dividend in fiscal 2014
  creating and providing value unique to Kanematsu.
Kanematsu has enhanced its management base through business selection and concentration. Implementing M&A in highly specialized fields and business expansion, we are shifting to an aggressive management stance.
2014 2019
     Acquired a majority stake in Kanematsu-NNK Corp. (now Kanematsu Sustech Corporation)
2016
Carried out an absorption-type merger with Diamondtelecom, Inc., aimed at expanding the mobile business
130th anniversary of the Company’s founding
Ordinary Income
(Millions of yen)
30,000 25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000 0
       2011 2012 2013 2014
2015 2016 2017
2018 2019 2020
* Figures for fiscal 2017 onward are IFRS-basis profit before tax.
 – future 135 –
April 2018–March 2024
• By aiming for sustainable growth in the business segments comprising our stable revenue base while pursuing the expansion of scale and the acquisition of added value through appropriate and effective investment in business areas where we have strength, we will target a consolidated profit for fiscal 2024 of ¥25 billion.
• Based on a stable earnings structure and financial structure, the dividend payout ratio (total return ratio) is set at 25%–30%, and the Company will promote man- agement with an emphasis on capital efficiency.
   —Jump to next stage leading to the future—
April 2013–March 2016
“VISION-130”
April 2014 – March 2019
 • Approaching the 130th anniversary of the founding of Kanematsu, we returned to our beginnings as a trading company and to our Corporate Principle. Our management objectives were to “Maintain a healthy financial position” and to “Expand our earnings base” through coexistence and mutual development with our business partners based on the long history of our trading business.
• We aimed to increase our enterprise value by furthering our business in areas of expertise and investing in new challenges to create value while bolstering our management base.
  • Tookapositivestancetoenablerapidprogressandtoestablishasolidgrowthtrackinpreparationforthe125thanniversary.
• Continued to develop professional organizations and personnel as a business creation group, aiming for coexistence and
mutual development with our business partners.
• Endeavoredtoconsistentlyincreasecorporatevaluetomeettheexpectationsofdomesticandforeignstakeholders.
Note: The above periods are those designated at the time the respective plan/visions were announced.
2010 –
Kanematsu focused on developing products and services that take into account sustain- ability in such areas as food resources and the environment. The Group worked to create new, high-value-added business models, with an eye to responding to such technological innovation as AI and IoT.
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 5
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Message from the President
          The Kanematsu Group is implementing its future 135 medium-term vision launched in fiscal 2019. Under this vision, we are aiming for sustainable growth in fundamental businesses while securing scale expansion and added value through effective and appropriate business investment in areas where we have strengths and insight. As a growth-oriented company of 131 years, we will continue to create new business opportunities with the aspiration of being a unique general trading company, thereby ensuring that Kanematsu will thrive for another century.
President
Kaoru Tanigawa
 6 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

 1
Kanematsu’s Social Mission
 Since its founding, Kanematsu has carried on the entrepreneurial spirit of developing new markets and businesses of its founder, Fusajiro Kanematsu, as well as his mission of providing socially valuable goods and services (which relates directly to today’s Sustainable Development Goals). Since the start of 2020, the novel coronavirus (COVID- 19) pandemic has plunged society into uncharted territory. Nevertheless, the Kanematsu Group’s fundamental mission remains unchanged. Because of the pandemic, the movement of peo- ple and things has been restricted and economic activity has stalled. As a trading company, Kanematsu is able to leverage its worldwide net- work to quickly and precisely gather information on local conditions around the world. By sharing such information with our customers and part- ners, we will nurture business opportunities and stimulate economic activity, thus helping to sup- port society through these challenging times. As in ordinary times, but also precisely because we are in such difficult circumstances, we will do our utmost to fulfill our role in supporting the founda- tions of society.
With a focus on cooperation and mutual development with our customers and partners, we aim to leverage the insight and know-how developed over our long history, providing value-added products and services to advance the ongoing development of the environment, soci- ety and the economy, and the Kanematsu Group. Based on the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and other international trends, stakehold- er expectations, Kanematsu’s Corporate Principle, and considerations of the degree of importance to our businesses, we have designated five key issues for the Kanematsu Group to address through its corporate activities. Furthermore, as ESG investing attracts increasing attention, con- tributing to the achievement of the SDGs through business is becoming important to corporate sur- vival. Accordingly, in April 2020, we established the new Sustainability Management Committee
and the Sustainability Management Section with- in the Corporate Planning Department to further integrate management with sustainability awareness.
In addition, we created internal rules requir- ing approval requests for new business projects to clearly state how they relate to the SDGs and what their purpose is. This is a mechanism to shift the SDGs from being simply abstract ideas that should be kept in mind to actionable concepts that permeate every aspect of the real workplace.
Trading companies do a lot of business with emerging and developing nations, and I think that they must implement initiatives to help the countries that supply them solve the environmen- tal, labor, and other problems they face. Trading companies also play an important role in con- trolling entire supply chains and coordinating operations across countries, regions, cultures, and levels of economic development. Accordingly, I think that to build sustainable supply chains, given our positions at key nodes of business, we must broadly share information with suppliers, proactively express our approach to the SDGs and work together toward them. We are engaged in a wide range of such projects. These include the REDD+ forest conservation initiatives in Indonesia and shifting toward renewable energy businesses, such as reinforcing biomass fuel trading, which contributes to combatting climate change, and well as businesses that promote digitization, which is very important to achieving the SDGs.
When I took office as president, I vowed to myself to work toward making Kanematsu a com- pany that its employees and their families would be proud of, that increases its enterprise value while contributing to society, and that contributes to the global economy. The Kanematsu Group will continue to take a broad view of international society and ambitiously work to solve social prob- lems through its businesses in line with the entre- preneurial spirit that flows through the core of its business activities.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 7
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Kanematsu’s business model is rooted in the fun- damental business of trading. We do not invest in such volatile markets as natural resources or real estate. Rather, we operate businesses that form a solid earnings base in the Electronics & Devices, Foods, Meat & Grain, and other segments. The Kanematsu Group is seen as leader in numerous areas of strength and expertise and is focusing on finding new business opportunities, mainly in areas of advanced technologies, such as AI and IoT.
In fiscal 2020, the year ended March 31, 2020, just as overall global economic growth was slowing, the spread of COVID-19 caused limita- tions on economic activity around the world, greatly impacting results in the fourth quarter.
Within the Kanematsu Group, revenue increased year on year in the meat products busi- ness, which benefitted from growth in domestic sales due to the entry into force of the TPP and EPA trade agreements. Revenue also increased in the aerospace business, which saw growth in sales of fuselages and components. In contrast,
Change of Operating Profit in Main Segments
revenue decreased in such areas as the mobile business, where the number of units sold declined due to the introduction of plans separating mobile phone and data costs and store foot traffic decreased due to the spread of COVID-19. Revenue also fell in the energy business, reflecting a decline in unit prices due to falling crude oil pric- es. In terms of profit, the ICT solutions business, where IT investment demand was firm, primarily in virtualization and security, saw a year-on-year profit increase. However, profit declined in the feedstuff business, where pet-related transactions and transactions involving aquafeed had difficul- ty, and in the machine tools and industrial machinery business, which was affected by restrained investment among manufacturers.
As a result, revenue edged down year on year, and profit attributable to owners of the par- ent fell 13%. Although the novel coronavirus impacted results in the fourth quarter, the effect of U.S.-China trade frictions was within assump- tions, and performance in most businesses, espe- cially the ICT solutions business and other
(¥ billion)
35.0 30.0 25.0 20.0 15.0 10.0
5.0 0
Electronics & Devices
Foods, Meat & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
Other
2
Fiscal 2020 Performance
         14.3
17.6
18.5
19.0
18.6
 4.0
 2.4
   2.1
 2.5
3.6
   2.8
3.9
4.4
3.8
    2.2
2.5
 2.5
2.4
2.2
         1.8
 FY2017
FY2018 FY2019
VISION-130
FY2020
future 135
FY2021 (Forecast)
  8 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

 domestic businesses, was firm. We were thus able to maintain a minimum level of profitability.
Reflecting the recording of retained earn- ings, equity attributable to owners of the Parent
3
future 135 Medium-Term Vision
4
(shareholders’ equity) rose. As a result, the equity ratio increased to 23.7%, and the net D/E ratio remained at 0.4.
 The Kanematsu Group has established the future 135 medium-term vision for the period leading up to the 135th anniversary of its founding. Under this vision, while maintaining and strengthening the sound financial base we have established, we are focusing on developing our areas of strength more deeply and building businesses using inno- vative new technologies. By doing so, we are aggressively advancing business expansion and creation. In addition to continuing efforts to expand in scale through effective business invest- ment and to acquire added value, in order to turn technological innovation in such areas as AI and IoT into business opportunities, we are advancing initiatives in new businesses. We have set the quantitative targets for the final year of the vision,
Priority Initiatives under future 135
fiscal 2024, of ¥25 billion in consolidated profit, ROE of 13%–15%, and a total return ratio of 25%–30%.
To achieve consolidated profit of ¥25 billion, we aim to grow operating profit by approximately ¥20 billion from the start of future 135 to approxi- mately ¥45 billion. Of this ¥20 billion, half—¥10 billion—will come from growth in core businesses, while the other ¥10 billion will come from new business investment. Fiscal 2020, the second year of the vision, was marked by major unanticipated changes in the business environment due to the spread of the novel coronavirus. Nevertheless, we have not changed the targets of future 135 and aim to ensure that Kanematsu continues to grow in the future.
 I. The first priority initiative under future 135 is “Sustainable growth in fundamental businesses, expansion of the revenue base through business investments, and securing added value.” As men- tioned, one of the targets of future 135 is to reach consolidated profit of ¥25 billion, and to achieve this target, we are working to grow operating profit to around ¥45 billion by fiscal 2024 through growth in core businesses and new business investment.
We will continue working toward sustained, steady growth in our existing businesses, which are the foundation of the Kanematsu Group’s
revenue. The feedstuff business, which plays an important part in food supply in Japan, is a good example. In this business, while the accumulation of unglamorous, daily effort is of course essential, going forward, as technologies evolve and needs change, some businesses will fade away, while other, new businesses emerge. In such an environ- ment, I think that imagination and ingenuity will be particularly crucial to expansion in existing businesses. Technological innovation may bring more opportunities for investment in efficiencies and other areas. To make sure we do not drop the ball, we will advance collaboration between
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 9
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

     Medium-Term Vision
April 2018 – March 2024
¥25 billion 13% – 15% 25% – 30%
 Quantitative Targets
(Final year: the fiscal year
ending March 2024)
Essentials
Image of growth
Consolidated net income
(Profit for the year attributable to owners of the parents)
ROE
Total return ratio
 By aiming for sustainable growth in the business segments comprising our stable revenue base while pursuing the expansion of scale and the acquisition of added value through appropriate and effective investment in business areas where we have strength, we will target a consolidated profit for fiscal 2024 of ¥25 billion.
Based on a stable earnings structure and financial structure, the dividend payout ratio (total return ratio) is set at 25%–30%, and the Company will promote management with an emphasis on capital efficiency.
The new medium-term vision is for the six years from fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2024.
(Three years after the initiation of the medium-term vision, the vision’s direction will be reconfirmed based on such factors as the progress of business investment.)
   Added value
Stable earnings base
Investment in innovation (seeds)
Expansion of scale
       Priority Initiatives
Customers • Markets • Share
Sustainable growth in fundamental businesses, expansion of the revenue base through business investments, and securing added value
• Achieve sustainable growth by maintaining a stable revenue structure
• Carry out growth investments while achieving a balance between capital and risk assets based on a sound financial structure
• Promote business investments in areas of strength through two strategies focused on “revenue base expansion” and “value added”
Response to technical innovation
• Promote and expand new businesses with advanced technology (IoT, AI, etc.) (“investment in innovation”)
Establishment of management infrastructure for achieving sustainable growth
• Build a framework for global strategy
• Cultivate management-level human resources • Improve employee satisfaction (ES)
10 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
Functions

 businesses as well as appropriate investment and M&A in areas where we have deep insight as we expand our revenue base.
Looking at expansion of scale through busi- ness investment, over the past two years we have made new investments totaling approximately ¥18 billion while maintaining a healthy balance of equity to risk assets backed by a stable financial position. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has changed the investment environment, but we have many projects in the pipeline. In addition, there are most certainly business opportunities to be found not only in technological innovation, but in other ways the world is changing, such as evolution in logistics and lifestyles. While we aim for ongoing growth, we will carefully scrutinize every investment, taking care to ensure that none become a burden down the line. To this end, we will rigorously apply our standards to investment decisions while proactively selecting our fields of specialization and honing our precision.
II. Second, “Response to technical innovation,” as exemplified by such technologies as IoT and AI, will be indispensable as we build the Kanematsu Group’s future. Across all business fields, the application and integration of IoT and other new technologies are advancing, creating needs for structural innovation. In this environment, the Electronics & Devices Division is focusing on offer- ing high-value-added business models using new technologies. The acceleration of technological innovation is creating new business opportunities for trading companies. This is truly the realm of ideas, and we are remaining alert, proactively gathering information from all sides to ensure we do no not let opportunities slip by. Going forward, trading companies will need to create added value that transcends individual business areas. We will promote the coordination of businesses that possess cutting-edge technologies with other businesses and our partners, further reinforcing business creation through broad-reaching collab- oration across business areas. From fiscal 2019, we have created the position of Chief Officer of Technologies and Business Collaboration, and we are working to accelerate the creation of new
businesses by harnessing technological innova- tion. Over the past 30 years, reflecting the shift of innovation from analog to digital technologies, the Electronics & Devices Division’s businesses have expanded dramatically, growing into one of Kanematsu’s main divisions. Similarly, by building new businesses in step with innovation across society, we aim to develop new pillars of growth. We expect the market for data businesses we are currently working on to develop enormously going forward. Furthermore, in the ICT solutions business and related areas, we are considering alliances, business tie-ups and M&A as we system- atically advance investment.
III. Third is “Establishment of management infra- structure for achieving sustainable growth.” During the period of future 135, we are revamp- ing a number of our internal systems. In particular, we recognize that people are the foundation of all we do, and, accordingly, there are many things we must work on.
First, we urgently need to cultivate manage- ment personnel. To this end, we have been creat- ing new training programs and enhancing other educational measures aimed at raising the quality of our employees. During the period of the medium-term vision, we will establish systems to impart the knowledge of first-class management personnel to all career-track employees, spanning from individual projects to corporate manage- ment. In July 2019, we launched Kanematsu University, a training system for younger employ- ees in their first ten years with Kanematsu. Through the system, employees are given oppor- tunities to build character, study international cul- tural and language skills, and acquire the financial knowledge necessary for business as well as oper- ational and investment knowledge necessary for corporate management. Employees, including those at Group companies, have been ambitiously engaging with the program, and we have great expectations for it. Going forward, we will work to quickly enhance educational and study abroad systems for mid-level employees who have been with the Company more than ten years and employees in division manager and higher
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 11
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

have adopted a system to fully update our data storage infrastructure, the core of digitization. We have also taken major strides toward digitizing all applications, forms and other internal documents. Because of the COVID-19 pandemic, our employ- ees have been telecommuting and we have been hiring via online platforms. This has led to the surfacing of a number of issues to address going forward. To improve the productivity and efficacy of remote working in the coming era, we aim to implement measures—including enhancing indi- vidual IT literacy—to evolve our systems to be employee friendly and thereby enhance employ- ee motivation, ultimately bolstering revenue.
In addition, we will implement systems to quantitatively assess our management situation and related risks. As we work toward global busi- ness expansion, we are aiming to increase the number of specialized operating companies in key overseas markets. To this end, we are working to enhance our internal systems.
Growth Strategy and Progress by Business under future 135
positions. By doing so, we will raise the knowl- edge level of the Group as a whole and develop management-level human resources. The most important factors in making accurate investment decisions are the amount of first-hand informa- tion obtained and the discernment to interpret it. Fostering such discernment entails equipping human resources with management knowledge. Therefore, human resource development is an essential task. To this end, we plan to proactively implement a number of new systems.
At the same time, we are working on mea- sures to raise employee satisfaction and work style reforms. While individuals have differing val- ues, it is important that we create frameworks in which each employee can find meaning in their work and enjoy the use of their imagination and ingenuity and operate such frameworks while enhancing communication. Accordingly, given the changes wrought by digitization in this fourth industrial revolution, we are examining work styles that are not defined by time or place, and
5
 12 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
Kanematsu’s aim when investing is not simply to secure dividend income or equity method income; rather, the acquisition of real businesses in which we can be involved in supply chains and thereby secure profit is the core of our business invest- ment approach. Expansion of scale, acquisition of added value, and investment in innovation (seeds) are the axes of growth strategy under future 135.
The first, expansion of scale, is aimed at growing our customer base, markets, and market share. In addition to investing in the Electronics & Devices segment, which encompasses numerous business areas in which we are highly competitive, we are working to boost the machinery and chemicals businesses in the Steel, Materials & Plant segment.
In fiscal 2020, we made an equity-method investment in a German photo printer company;
established a feedstuff material factory in Dalian, China; increased our investment in a processed food product factory in Indonesia; purchased used aircraft in our aircraft parts business in Ireland; and acquired an aluminum construction material manufacturer in Japan. In terms of acquisition of added value, we have been working to add new functions to existing businesses, mainly in the areas of feedstuff, foods, and steel, and acquired a semiconductor image sensor back-end processing business as well as a plant engineering company. Looking at investment in innovation aimed at sowing the seeds of the future, we need to take a new approach to business investment. We are working to realize cross-division collaboration focused on advanced technologies, such as AI and IoT, to create new businesses. In particular, in the Electronics & Devices segment, technological

  innovation is creating an abundance of business opportunities, and we will examine investments with both great care and speed. In fiscal 2020, we formed an equity alliance with a data exchange consulting company.
Furthermore, in the Electronics & Devices segment, the ICT solutions business of Kanematsu Electronics Ltd. is specializing in the IT infrastruc- ture development business, expanding transac- tions in the areas that underly such operations as virtualization, networks, security, and cloud ser- vices. Adoption of these, as a part of work style reforms, has been firm.
The Foods, Meat & Grain segment maintains strong competitive advantages and forms part of the Group’s stable earnings base. Handling food ingredients, processed foods, cooked foods, and other products in Japan and other parts of Asia, we are working to create businesses by expand- ing value added through the development of new technologies and products. Focusing on our raw ingredient procurement capabilities and new product development, we have reinforced rela- tionships with business partners and aggressively invested capital to build value chains aimed at ensuring stable supply. In addition, in April 2020, we split off the Meat Products Division from the Foods Division, which focuses mainly on val- ue-adding businesses, establishing a
three-division structure, along with the existing Grain, Oilseed & Feedstuff Division. By thus enhancing the specialization of each division, we aim to accelerate business management. Our Meat Products Division boasts a high share of the imported meat market among trading companies. Going forward, we hope to expand its business from within Japan to other parts Asia.
In the Steel, Materials & Plant segment, we continue to aim for expansion of scale centered on business investment and M&A in the areas of steel, chemicals, and machinery. At the same time, we have focused business investment in such overseas areas as the environment and energy field, where we have long had strength. By bring- ing together the integrated strength of the Kanematsu Group, we are examining opportuni- ties for multifaceted business development that transcends the boundaries of individual fields.
In the Motor Vehicles & Aerospace segment, our strength is in our proposal- and problem solv- ing-based business model that leverages abun- dant information resources. We are advancing business expansion in next-generation automo- bile markets as well as the space business. In December 2019, we made Kaneyo Co., Ltd. a fully owned subsidiary as part of efforts to quickly develop businesses in carbon fiber and other high-spec materials.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 13
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

14 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
From the start of the medium-term vision, we knew improving the pace of business growth would be a challenge and, indeed, fiscal 2020 saw no significant change, due in part to external fac- tors. However, investment progressed consider- ably more than in the vision’s first year. Going forward, we aim to continue carefully and steadily selecting and investing in promising targets to speed up growth. Business creation and expan- sion are possible once a business opportunity has been identified, researched, and assessed to determine its future potential. We are taking steps to further accelerate this process leading up to business development.
Quick management decision making requires human resources with the know-how to maintain a comprehensive view of all operations, even when dealing with individual processes. In addi- tion, no matter what else changes, highly special- ized information in international markets, the
In June 2019, Kanematsu made major changes to its corporate governance and management framework. Specifically, we reduced the number of directors to six in order to improve flexibility and efficiency and took steps to better separate management oversight from business execution, such as making a third of the Board outside direc- tors. Doing so has facilitated more active discus- sion and debate, and I feel it has been effective. At the same time, we appointed a female outside
director, a step toward improved diversity. This has helped us examine issues from more diverse viewpoints, which I think has helped eliminate complacency among the Board of Directors. Furthermore, we evaluated and analyzed the effectiveness of the Board of Directors with input from an external institution, enabling efforts to further enhance the Board’s functions and invigo- rate discussion.
6
Management Challenges
 management capabilities to control supply chains, and new added value through business creation are always sought by the customers of a trading company. To carry out these roles as a company, as I mentioned earlier, requires the development of a next generation of management-level per- sonnel. During the six years of the medium-term vision, we will raise the level of management expertise and speed up business creation.
By taking a long-term approach to human resource development spanning 20 or even 30 years, I hope, as a member of the Group’s leader- ship, to foster a sense of unity and trust within the Company. Furthermore, by the end of future 135, I feel that we must not only achieve our numerical targets, but also foster a new awareness within the Company. People are the foundation of sus- tained corporate growth. The power to sustain a company comes from its people, which is why nurturing their character and spirit is crucial.
Corporate Governance
7
 
 8
Fiscal 2021 Outlook and Message to Stakeholders
       Fiscal 2021 marks the third year and half-way point of the six-year vision 135 medium-term vision. This is an extremely important year for the growth and future of the Kanematsu Group. We will look for new opportunities for appropriate investment in growth and considerably enliven our lineup of investment projects. Although the current fiscal year’s outlook for the global econo- my remains unclear, and even though the novel coronavirus pandemic has caused temporary stops and slow-downs in supply chains, we have not seen the outright breakdown of supply chains feared by the market. As such, I think these diffi- culties may still be resolved quickly. Furthermore, because Kanematsu operates businesses across a diverse range of fields, our risk is, effectively, dis- tributed. In light of these factors, in fiscal 2021, we are planning for revenues of ¥700.0 billion, down 3.0% year on year, operating profit of ¥27.0 billion, down 4.8%, and profit for the year attrib- utable to owners of the Parent of ¥14.5 billion, up 0.7%. It is still difficult to predict the extent of the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have, but, as a matter of responsivity to our sharehold- ers and other stakeholders, we have provided this forecast based on current assumptions.
The Kanematsu Group considers providing returns to shareholders to be one of its most important tasks. We will continue to pay stable dividends backed by a sound financial position that is resilient in the face of fluctuating market conditions. Under future 135, we are targeting a total return ratio of 25%–30%. Regardless of tem- porary performance fluctuations caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we are prioritizing the pay- ment of steady dividends, and are planning a ¥60 per share annual dividend for fiscal 2021 (for a dividend payout ratio of 34.6%). To ensure that our responsibilities to shareholders are consistent- ly fulfilled, we will continue to balance careful decision making with aggressive investment as we move on to a steady growth trajectory.
The Kanematsu Group, now more than 130 years old, continues to grow. In all aspects of our corporate activities, from the management base to business creation, we will continue to constant- ly change and grow. We will then return the results of these efforts to our stakeholders in the form of social value. Going forward, we will endeavor to earn stakeholder trust and ensure that they will be eager to deepen their relation- ships with Kanematsu by enhancing our enter- prise value with a focus on growth. I hope you are expecting big things from us.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 15
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Message from the CFO
  Tetsuro Tsutano
Director, Senior Executive Officer, CFO
Resilience in the Face of the Novel Coronavirus
Kanematsu has now entered the third year of its six-year medium-term vision, future 135. Since the end of fiscal 2020, its second year, the spread of the novel coronavirus has changed the world dramatically. To begin, I would like to explain what I see as Kanematsu’s resilience to the impact of the novel coronavirus.
Solid Financial Base
First, Kanematsu’s financial position remains solid. As shown in Figure 1, the net D/E ratio and risk asset ratio (the ratio of maximum possible losses to shareholder’s equity) are both holding steady at 0.4 and 0.3, respectively. In addition, the equity ratio has improved from 20.9% to 23.7% over the
three years since March 31, 2017. Our low balance of risk assets creates a buffer that mitigates changes in these numbers and thus serves as a considerable source of resil- ience in light of the impact of the novel coronavirus.
The financial impact of the novel coronavirus near the end of fiscal 2020 led to some companies recording an impairment loss on fixed assets as resource prices plummet- ed or valuation losses as a result of wild fluctuations in stock prices. Kanematsu, however, saw almost no such effects and, at present, no major impairment loss on fixed assets is expected. We have few assets or contracts that are exposed to changes in financial, real estate or commodities markets, which is another reason that our risk asset ratio is low.
By leveraging this solid financial base and making effec- tive, judicious business investments in fields where we have strengths and insight, we will continue to work toward the achievement of future 135.
Stable Earnings Structure
In fiscal 2020, profit for the year attributable to owners of the Parent (consolidated profit) decreased for the first time in three years, declining 13.3% year on year to ¥14.4 billion. However, we did not see any major impairment or slumps in any specific business due to the novel coronavirus, and I think that the year-on-year decrease in profit was kept to a minimum.
In fiscal 2021, we assume that stay-at-home orders and state of emergency declarations in Japan and abroad will continue to exert a major impact on business activities through June. Accordingly, we forecast consolidated profit of ¥14.5 billion, up slightly from fiscal 2020. Leveraging our stable revenue structure, which contains no resource-related businesses and centers on digital transformation (DX) busi- nesses, an area expected to grow in importance in the post-corona world, we are aiming for consolidated profit on par with fiscal 2020.
  16 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
Figure 1. Financial Base
Figure 2. Consolidated Profit/Dividend Payout Ratio
(Times)
0.7 0.6 0.5 0.4 0.3 0.2 0.1
(%)
35 30 25 20 15 10
(Billions of yen)
(Yen)
200
  0.6
0.44
20.9
20
15
10
34.8%
14.4
34.6%
 16.3
16.6
30.3%
   0.5 22.3
0.40
22.8
0.4 0.33
23.7
0.4 0.30
14.5 150 100
       5 50
  5 0000
FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2021 (Forecast)
Net D/E ratio (left) Risk asset ratio (left) Equity ratio (right) Consolidated profit (left) Annual dividend (right) Dividend payout ratio
48
24.8%
60
60
60
   
     Figure 3. ROE/ROIC/WACC
Figure 4. Comparison of Kanematsu’s Stock Price, the Nikkei Average, and TOPIX
1.3
1.2
1.1
1.0
0.9
0.8
0.7
3/2 3/9 3/16 3/23 3/30 4/6 4/13 4/20 4/27 5/7 5/11 5/18 5/25 6/1 6/8 6/15
(Month /Day)
(%)
20
15
10
5
0
8.3
3.5
FY2017
15.1
6.7
FY2018
13.8
6.4
FY2019
11.2
5.3
FY2020
               ROE
ROIC
WACC
Note Increase or decrease, with the value at March 2, 2020 set at 1
Kanematsu
Nikkei Average
TOPIX
  Dividend Policy
We kept the annual dividend for fiscal 2020 steady at ¥60 per share. This meant that the dividend payout ratio exceed- ed the target range of 25%–30% set under future 135. In light of the effect on business results of the unprecedented and unforeseeable situation brought about by the global pandemic, however, we decided to maintain ongoing, steady dividends to our shareholders regardless.
Although we expect the novel coronavirus pandemic to continue to affect certain operations in fiscal 2021, the proportion of risk assets on our balance sheet is low and our impairment risk is limited, while we have ample earnings available for dividends, backed by a stable revenue structure. As such, we plan to again pay an annual dividend of ¥60 per share in fiscal 2021.
In fiscal 2021, the third year and midway point of our six-year medium-term vision, we will reexamine our share- holder return policy, considering such factors as cumulative business investment.
Capital Cost-Conscious Management
Adopting ROIC Management
Under the medium-term vision, Kanematsu is targeting ROE (consolidated profit as a percentage of shareholders’ equity) of 13% to 15%. Assuming gross consolidated financial lever- age (shareholders’ equity to gross interest-bearing debt) of close to 1:1, to maintain ROE of about 14%, our operating target for ROIC (return on invested capital, calculated as consolidated profit ÷ (shareholder’s equity + gross inter- est-bearing debt) × 100) would be 7%.
In fiscal 2020, Kanematsu recorded ¥14.4 billion in consolidated profit, for ROIC of 5.3% and ROE of 11.2%, below the target range. By adopting ROIC as an internal management indicator, we aim to enhance capital efficiency and rigorously enforce capital cost-conscious management
throughout the consolidated Group to quickly bring ROE within the target range.
Comparison with WACC
As shown in Figure 3, our weighted average cost of capital (WACC) has been between 3% and 3.5%. Although ROIC edged down in fiscal 2020, excess return—the difference between ROIC (5.3%) and WACC—still exceeded 2%. In fiscal 2018, however, this figure was over 3%, so there is still consid- erable room for improvement. Going forward, by proactively implementing capital cost-conscious management at Group companies and divisions, we will maximize excess return.
Our Stock Price
Since the full force of the novel coronavirus pandemic hit in March 2020, our stock price has moved more than the Nikkei average or TOPIX, reflecting investors’ appreciation of the resil- ience of our revenue structure in a harsh business environment and our steady approach to shareholder returns (Figure 4). However, the price-earnings ratio has been persistently low, around 7.4, and the price-to-book ratio fell below 1, to about 0.8. Leveraging the aforementioned unique characteristics of Kanematsu, we will work to ensure Kanematsu’s true enter- prise value is clear to the market so as to maintain a commen- surate stock price.
Although business conditions are challenging, we will strive to maintain active communication with shareholders and investors and take their views into account as we work to enhance shareholder value.
Fiscal 2020 is the final year of the first half of the medi- um-term vision, and is turning out to be a year in which the world is changing enormously due to the novel coronavirus. As it unfolds, we will look ahead to the trends of the post-corona world and work out our policy for the last three years of the medium-term vision to boldly advance toward further growth.
  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 17
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Special Feature
Progress in the First Two Years of the future 135 Medium-Term Vision
Under its six-year medium-term vision, future 135, the Kanematsu Group is aiming for sustainable growth in fundamental businesses while securing scale expansion and added value through effective and appropriate business investment in areas where it has strengths and insight. At the same time, we are advancing innovation investment aimed at promoting and expanding new businesses centered on advanced technology, such as IoT and AI. This section highlights our progress over the first two years of the vision and some of our main projects.
 Growth Strategy by Business under the future 135 Medium-Term Vision
     Acquisition of added value
Expansion of scale
Stable earnings base
Investment in innovation (seeds)
ICT Solution Business
Sustained growth using our strengths
Foods, Meat & Grain
Scale expansion of meat prod- ucts business
Expansion in food markets in Asia
Steel, Plant, Energy, and Chemicals
Horizontal development in the
machinery and chemicals busi- nesses
             Mobile Business
   Strategic scale expansion Reinforcement of store revenue
Electronics
Reorganization and reinforce- ment of the printer business Reorganization and reinforce-
ment of semiconductor business
New businesses with advanced technologies such as AI/loT as a core
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
Expansion into the space-related area
Accumulation of assets in the aerospace business
                     Composition of Revenue Growth
Through growth in core businesses and new business investment we aim to raise operating profit to approximately ¥45 billion.
  Projected Growth in Operating Profit
Maintaining a minimum level of growth amid the impact of the coronavirus
Approx. 45.0
FY2024
(Billions of yen)
23.5
18.8
FY2015 FY2016
22.6
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
FY2020
First three years
FY2021
FY2022
FY2023
Last three years
    VISION-130
future 135
Note: Data for fiscal 2016 onward is operating profit according to IFRS (data for fiscal 2015 is operating income plus exchange rate fluctuations according to JGAAP).
Increase operating profit approximately ¥10 billion through new business investment
  30.3
28.4
(YoY increase in fiscal 2020)
Core
 26.2
New business investment
   businesses
   18 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

 Acquisition of added value
Acquisition of Semiconductor Image Sensor Back-End Processing Business
 Market Environment
Kanematsu Futuretech Solutions Corporation, one of the core companies of the Kanematsu Group, acquired a CMOS image sensor back-end processing business. This acquisition was
Going Forward
In addition to completed sensor units, we aim to expand the range of manufacturing orders we accept to include modules and completed cameras that use sensors. Utilizing such means as production at partner companies, we are meeting growing image sensor demand while contributing to further Group-wide development and expansion.
    aimed at adding value in the business of image sensors, a key sensing tech- nology that is undergoing rapid, sustained growth, reflecting the advance of automation in a wide range of fields.
    Image sensor
This Year’s Progress
Until now, Kanematsu Futuretech Solutions received orders for contracted manufacturing from customers in China, Europe, the United States, and elsewhere and then subcon- tracted them out for fulfillment. By bringing this business in-house, we have expanded our range of functions.
This acquisition enables in-house production, facilitating timely, flexible production. We can, for example, act directly on investment decisions to expand production capacity, improving responsiveness.
Clean room
 Capital Alliance with a Plant Engineering Company
Market Environment
In January 2020, machinery trading company Kanematsu KGK Corp. formed a capital alliance with Aioi Sekkei Co., Ltd., a company that provides one-stop plant facility engineering covering facility design and manufacturing through the instal- lation of facilities like pressure vessels and piping for a wide range of clients, including the chemical, food, and medical products industries.
This project is part of Kanematsu KGK’s strategy of enhancing its engineering functions and reinforcing its services. Aioi Sekkei boasts a large roster of qualified engi- neers. Its rapid customer responsiveness and strong techno- logical capabilities have earned it the trust of many major
corporations and trading companies, allowing it to expand its businesses and maintain a stable customer base.
This Year’s Progress
Since it entered the capital alliance, Aioi Sekkei has seen orders for chemical plants remain robust, and its performance has been strong. However, due to the impact of the novel coronavirus, some aspects of the collaboration with Kanematsu KGK have been delayed. In the meantime, we are examining opportunities to quickly realize synergies and advancing preparations.
Going Forward
Kanematsu KGK’s PS (Product Solution) Division handles industrial machinery and facilities, including machinery and plants in the areas of food products, lumber processing, fibers, plastics, and electronic component manufacturing lines. In many cases, customers request the provision of plant facilities that are used with such machinery, like tanks, pressure vessels, piping, ducts, hydraulics, and electrical systems. Aioi Sekkei’s plant facility engineering, production, and installation capa- bilities make it possible to fulfill these requests, increasing the value added by Kanematsu KGK and broadening the range of orders it can accept while helping expand the trading plat- form and trading rights of Aioi Sekkei,
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 19
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Expansion of Scale
Market Environment
In the Japanese market, despite the impact of the novel coro- navirus, demand for imported beef and pork is gradually rising, while demand for domestically produced chicken and processed chicken products is firm. In overseas markets, particularly in China and Southeast Asia, which are mainstay markets for the Kanematsu Group, demand for meat prod- ucts, a form of animal protein, is rising, reflecting steady population growth. Movement in demand for meat products in China has an especially significant impact on market prices.
 Scale Expansion of the Meat Products Business
This Year’s Progress
In the Japanese market, taking advantage of reduced tariffs under the Trade Agreement on Goods (TAG) with the United States, we expanded business related to the import and sale of American beef. In addition, leveraging the benefits of being an early entrant into the Uruguayan beef business, in fiscal 2019, the first fiscal year after the lifting of Japan’s import ban, we successfully secured an overwhelming share of the domestic market. We also diversified our sources of pork and chicken and steadily increased trading volumes. Looking at overseas markets, we launched a beef sales busi- ness targeting the Indonesian market via third-country trading.
Going Forward
To establish a stable supply of safe, secure, high-value-added products, we will continue to build value chains and reinforce their functions. In upstream areas, we will diversify our sources and reinforce relationships with suppliers through business tie-ups and investment. In mid- and downstream areas, we will work with Group companies and our partner companies to reinforce such functions as processing, logistics, and sales, aiming to build value chains that can meet customer needs better than ever before.
Aircraft Parts Business in Ireland: Purchasing Used Aircraft
  Market Environment
From January 2020 onward, global demand for commercial air travel fell sharply due to the impact of the novel corona- virus. Nevertheless, we expect the aircraft parts market to see strong growth over the medium to long term.
We will continue proactively working to capture demand, focusing mainly on single-aisle, narrow body aircraft, such as the Boeing 737 series and Airbus A320 series, which are the most flown and for which we have the largest order backlog.
This Year’s Progress
Continued purchasing of used aircraft has allowed us to expand our component inventory. In addition, our subsidiary in Ireland, KG Aircraft Rotables, established a new component shipping hub in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, building a frame- work for full-scale expansion into Asian markets.
Going Forward
We will continue to expand the part-out business, in which we purchase used aircraft and disassemble them to sell the components. We are considering bringing the maintenance and repair of aircraft parts in-house and collaborating with companies that boast outstanding, cutting-edge technologies as we aim to increase value added and secure even greater trust from our customers as a supplier.
In addition, through the aircraft rotable parts and part-out businesses, we will contribute to the reuse of resources and environmental protection as well as the enhancement of aircraft safety.
 20 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

 Investment in Innovation (Seeds)
Market Environment
In light of the vast volumes of data constantly being gener- ated, “data free flow with trust” was a topic extolled at the January 2019 World Economic Forum Annual Meeting (Davos) and a key theme at the G20 Osaka summit in June of that year. The benefits to society and individuals of data are incalculable, and its utilization offers wide-ranging possibili- ties. Kanematsu is advancing initiatives in businesses related to data exchange and utilization, areas that are only expected to grow in importance.
This Year’s Progress
In September 2019, we formed a strategic partnership with France-based Dawex Systems, SAS, which operates a global data marketplace. Then, in December 2019, we entered a capital alliance with Japan Data Exchange Inc., which oper- ates a data exchange business in Japan.
Through these alliances, we have built a platform for developing and operating a data exchange market in Japan and a framework for providing data exchange consulting services, helping enable the secure, broad-ranging exchange of data between companies.
 Data Transaction Business
Going Forward
Leveraging our broad customer base as a trading company while coordinating with the ICT solutions business and mobile business, we will advance the data exchange and utilization business on a Groupwide basis.
Through this business, Kanematsu will contribute to the digital transformation (DX) of society.
  Data providers
Retailers
Smart cities
Banks
    Data exchange market
 Data acquirers
Insurance companies
Electricity, gas, and water utilities
Automakers
        Comment from the Chief Officer of Technologies and Business Collaboration
   Yoshiya Miyabe
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer
The latter half of the 1970s saw the beginning of a period often referred to as the “winter years of the trading companies.” While battling the headwinds, we had to find creative ways to develop new businesses. However, with the rise of the tech giants and accelerating pace of tech- nological advancement, particularly over the past decade, the winds have shifted. Today, anyone can easily commu- nicate globally through their smartphone, and individuals have the tools to take on the world. Trading companies
are said to be collectives of individually operated busi- nesses, and today, a single individual’s idea can create a major business. In addition, it is now easier than ever to invoke the concept of open innovation and enter into collaboration with other companies. Barriers between industries are also lower, expanding new business oppor- tunities for trading companies like Kanematsu, which operate in a diverse array of sectors.
Given these conditions, we created a Technologies and Business Collaboration team and are working to create new businesses leveraging the Kanematsu Group’s networks and the strengths of companies around the world that boast cutting-edge technologies and new business models. Today, the world’s top companies in terms of market cap were started by individuals and are all strongly associated with their founder’s names. I believe that, as a trading company, we have the resources and talent necessary to do what they have done. The Kanematsu Group will continue to push forward with initiatives to foster innovation in order to build new busi- nesses that will change the world.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 21
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Business Segments
Main Business Revenue
  Electronics & Devices
    (¥ billion)
300.0
200.0
100.0
0
 (¥ billion)
300.0
263.3 265.5
254.5
      231.3
244.9
251.4
     Foods, Meat & Grain
Meat Products
• Meat and Marine Products
200.0
100.0
     Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff
•Grain, Food Soybeans, Oilseeds •Feedstuff
•Processed Agricultural Products •Pet Products and Groceries
0
 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
  Steel, Materials & Plant
    • Steel
• Materials
• Plant & Ships
(¥ billion)
200.0 150.0 100.0
50.0 0
153.1
FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
       Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
    22 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
Foods
• Semiconductor Equipment
• Electronic Components and
Materials
• Industrial Electronics
• Semiconductors & Devices
• ICT Solutions
• Mobile
• CCTV Systems
  • Foods
• Motor Vehicles and Parts • Aerospace
(¥ billion)
80.0 60.0
40.0
20.0
0
74.6
FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
    62.1 54.5
139.4
129.9
      FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
             
(¥ billion)
20.0
15.0
19.0
FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
(¥ billion)
10.0 8.0 6.0 4.0 2.0
9.5
9.3
(%)
25 20 15 10
5
    17.6
18.5
     10.0
  5.0
 0
11.2
00
FY2019 FY2020
Net Income (left) ROIC (right)
10.7
   (¥ billion)
5.0 4.0
3.0
2.0
2.1
1.0
0
2.4
(¥ billion)
3.0
(%)
15
  4.0
2.0
1.0
2.5
    4.9
 00
FY2019 FY2020
Net Income (left) ROIC (right)
1.3
10
5
 2.5
  FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
 (¥ billion)
5.0 4.0
4.4 3.9
3.8
       FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
(¥ billion)
3.0
2.0
1.0
2.6
2.3
(%)
15
10
5
  3.0
2.0
1.0
0
4.8
4.1
 00
FY2019 FY2020
Net Income (left) ROIC (right)
  (¥ billion)
3.0
2.0
2.5 2.5
2.4
    FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
(¥ billion)
00
FY2019 FY2020
2.5 2.0 1.5 1.0
10 8 6 4 52
(%)
 1.9
  6.0
1.7
      Net Income (left) ROIC (right)
5.0
1.0
0
 Operating Income
Net Income*/ROIC
(FY 2020)
Revenue
Other
1.6%
¥721.8 billion
   Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
10.3%
Steel, Materials & Plant
18.0%
Foods, Meat & Grain
34.8%
Electronics & Devices
35.3%
      Operating Income
  Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
8.4%
Steel, Materials & Plant
13.5%
Foods, Meat & Grain
8.4%
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace 11.6%
Steel, Materials & Plant 15.7%
Foods, Meat & Grain
8.7%
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
9.8%
Steel, Materials & Plant
22.3%
Other
2.8%
¥28.4 billion
Net Income*
Electronics & Devices
66.9%
          Other
-¥0.1 billion
¥14.4 billion
Electronics & Devices 64.8%
       Total Assets
Other
8.3%
¥551.7 billion
Electronics & Devices
  36.6%
    Foods, Meat & Grain
23.0%
 * Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Parent
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 23
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Electronics & Devices
This segment handles a value chain spanning ICT solutions, mobile, and electronics-related materials parts, devices and equipment, providing unique added value across a wide range of fields. Using our solid technological prowess and wealth of know-how in electronics, we are advancing new initiatives in the IoT and AI fields and offering new value to contribute to society.
Masahiro Harada
Senior Executive Officer, Chief Officer, Electronics & Devices Division
     24 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
  Segment Vision
Constantly provide solutions to international society by leveraging advanced technologies in all fields
Segment Strengths
Stable profit generated by the solid foundations built up in the ICT solutions and mobile businesses Expansive supply chains and a robust customer base in the semiconductor component and equipment businesses and the electronic devices and materials businesses
Specialized business areas—we develop specific business areas in depth, for example enhancing business proposal capabilities by acquiring development functions centered on commercial printers in the industrial electronics business
Business Environment
        Opportunities
• Growth of the remote work market due to the spread and adoption of the SDGs and work style reforms
• The creation and expansion of related technology and service markets driven by the adoption of AI, IoT, robotics, and 5G
• Accelerating digital transformation (DX) initia- tives at companies in Japan
   Growth Strategies
• Provide solutions and services in such areas as virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) and connectivity to reinforce the earnings base of the ICT solutions and connectivity
• Provide new value to expand opportunities for profit by offering related solutions in the ICT solutions and mobile businesses as well as related prod- ucts in the semiconductor component and equipment businesses and the electronic devices and materials businesses
• Promote M&A and innovation investment in solutions providers, including startups, and expand profit through synergies with existing businesses
   Risks
• Increasing sophistication and complexity of infor- mation security, shortage of specialized profes- sionals, and tightening regulations
• Industry reorganization, the impact of core tech- nologies, and technological innovation
• Supply chain interruptions due to changing inter- national conditions or geopolitical risks
   Countermeasures
• Acquire and expand solutions platforms based on capital alliances and part- nerships with companies in and outside Japan that have specialized tech- nologies
• Expand scale by acquiring companies and businesses and acquire and develop new products and solutions through innovation investment
• Optimize and diversify supply chains by expanding the functions of overseas locations

 Key Businesses and Locations
• Printer business
Germany
• ICT solutions
• ICT solutions
• Semiconductor components
and electronic materials • Printer business
• Semiconductor equipment • Semiconductor components
and electronic materials
• ICT solutions
• Mobile
• Semiconductor equipment
• Semiconductor components and
electronic materials
• Semiconductor equipment • Semiconductor components
and electronic materials
• Semiconductor equipment • Semiconductor components
and electronic materials
• Printer business
In the ICT solutions business, the adoption of VDI and demand for private cloud systems has driven business performance. In the mobile business, despite the nega- tive impacts of legal changes and the consumption tax hike in Japan, sales were steady, contributing to revenue. In addition, we are entering new business areas, such as the sale and repair of used mobile devices, to better meet society’s needs.
In the printer business, we implemented aggressive measures to reinforce and expand our earnings base, such as investing in sales channel expansion in Europe and the United States. In the semiconductor component
Business Highlight Hearable Devices
Kanematsu Communications Ltd. (KCS), which sells smartphones and other communications equip- ment, has expanded the range of its business by investing in BONX Inc., a company that develops voice communication services using Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP).
BONX offers BONX for BUSINESS, a service combining its cutting-edge earpiece with an app. This fully duplex, cloud-based group talk solution allows up to 30 people to talk at a distance. In addi- tion to applications in remote working, it can serve as a safe, efficient means of communication at medical institutions. In May 2020, to support medical institutions strained by the impact of the novel coronavirus, BONX and KCS lent out earpieces and smartphones along with data SIM cards, free of charge, for use as a means of communication in viral testing and other facilities.
business, a Group company acquired a CMOS image sensor back-end processing business. This allows us to meet demand related to high-resolution imaging, such as that in the growth areas of image analysis and diag- nostic imaging. In new initiatives, we are forming part- nerships with companies that offer related technologies and services with an eye to establishing a data exchange market and promoting the creation of an advanced data community for the data-driven society of the future.
KCS is leveraging its ability to sell this service in packages that include earpieces and smartphones to reinforce sales.
In addition, going forward, we will bolster propo- sitions to enrich communications between people and devices, such as solutions linking AI conversa- tion and voice data analysis with corporate work- flow systems.
China
India
Thailand
Korea Japan Taiwan
Silicon Valley
• ICT solutions
• Mobile
• Semiconductor equipment
• Semiconductor components
and electronic materials
• CCTV system
• Semiconductor equipment
• Semiconductor components
and electronic materials
New Jersey Texas
• Semiconductor components and electronic materials
Singapore
Progress toward the Medium-Term Vision
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 25

 Foods, Meat & Grain
Foods
Committed to safe, secure food, this division applies a manufacturer’s perspective to maintain an integrated supply system spanning raw material procurement through finished product processing.
With a broad lineup that includes agricultural products, marine products, coffee, alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages, and cooked foods, the Foods Division meets diverse market needs.
Koichi Nishimura
Executive Officer, Chief Officer, Foods Division
     26 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
  Division Vision
Support people in Japan and across Asia by providing a stable supply of safe, reliable food ingredients
Division Strengths
Procurement network leveraging locations worldwide for securing high-quality, differentiated raw ingre- dients
Specialized staff capable of quickly developing products and proposals in response to customer needs Import, manufacturing, and logistics networks covering growing Asian markets
Business Environment
        Opportunities
• Demographic graying of consumers and rising health awareness
• Personnel shortages and rising staffing costs in the food products industry
• Growing food demand and shift from focus on quantity toward quality in Asia
   Growth Strategies
• Develop production sites for fresh agricultural products that are safe and reliable
• Develop and commercialize delicious and easy to prepare processed food products targeted to specific markets around the world
• Expand mechanisms for providing safe, reliable food at Japanese standards and grow businesses in local production for local consumption
   Risks
• Damage to agricultural products under cultiva- tion or operational disruptions of processing and manufacturing facilities or logistics attributable to global warming or extreme weather events
• Health hazards for consumers due to the contam- ination of food products
• Global population growth and food resource depletion
   Countermeasures
• Hedge risks by working with production sites distributed around the world; secure water resources and promote cultivation
• Reinforce food safety management systems based on ISO 22000 and FSSC 2200
• Trade in agricultural and marine products that are certified as sustainable by third parties and promote the use of renewable products

 Key Businesses and Locations
Germany
• Japanese food import and sales
Fujita & Co.
China
Thailand
• Aloe processing
Siam Aloe Vera (2005) Co., Ltd.
• Frozen dim sum manufacturing •Cooked meat product manufacturing Dalian Tiantianli Food Co., Ltd.
• Fruit processing
Shangdong Lufeng Foods Co., Ltd.
• Seaweed processing
Nantong Taiyang Foodstuff Co., Ltd.
• Confectionary and breads
• Restaurant food ingredient wholesaling Iwase-Esta Kanematsu Co., Ltd.
• Frozen processed food
P.T. Kanemory Food Service
• Japanese restaurant chain franchise operation
PT. Abadi Tunggal Lestari
PT. Agrapana Niaga Gemilang
To strengthen its ability to procure high-quality raw materials overseas, the Foods Division works with suppliers around the world via exclusive contracts, investment, and facility loan agreements. To ensure the level of quality that consumers in Japan expect, we rein- force production systems and put in place Japanese specialists to oversee quality control systems. Through such efforts, we are working to ensure the stable supply of safe, reliable food.
In the cooked foods business, we have expanded our roster of product development personnel, introduced convenient and tasty ingredients and expanded our lineup of products for end users. In the fruit processing
and fruit juice businesses, due in part to efforts to develop new products leveraging the factories of companies in which we have invested, we boast the top market share in Japan.
In the alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverage business, we are building frameworks to expand sales of beverage ingredients from around the world in Japan and Asia.
In Asian markets, we are working to expand our value chains to Indonesia and neighboring Muslim countries, mainly through Kanemory Food Service.
By reinforcing relationships with our partners and aggressively investing, we aim to become a leader in the region and by doing so achieve the medium-term vision.
Indonesia
Progress toward the Medium-Term Vision
Business Highlight Initiatives at Daterra Coffee, a Pioneer in Sustainable Coffee
Daterra Coffee is said to be the producer of the highest quality coffee beans in Brazil. Daterra was the first coffee producer in Brazil to acquire certification from Rainforest Alliance, an organization that aims to protect rainforests and improve working environ- ments, and is a pioneer in sustainable coffee, focusing on both quality and the environment.
Kanematsu has worked with Daterra for 16 years. When we began trading with Daterra, terms like “CSR” and “development goals” were not as widely known in Japan as they are today. From the start, however, we were drawn to their ethos of sustain- ability, and the partnership has proved enduring. In 2015, Daterra won the prestigious first prize in a contest ranking plantations in terms of environ- mental friendliness and sustainability. The contest was organized by the magazine Globo Rural, to
which more than 95% of Brazil’s agricultural producers subscribe.
Going forward, as a pioneer in sustainable coffee, Daterra will continue to contribute to local communi- ties and the natural environment as it supplies safe, delicious coffee to consumers.
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 27

 Foods, Meat & Grain
Meat Products
Leveraging our accumulated know-how as an industry leader in the meat products business, we build meat product value chains, from securing raw ingredient sources to processing and sales, to provide a stable supply of safe, reliable, high-value-added products that meet customer needs.
Toru Hashimoto
Executive Officer, Chief Officer, Meat Products Division
     28 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
  Division Vision
Help enhance the enjoyment of food in Japan and across Asia by providing a stable supply of safe, reliable meat products
Division Strengths
A product lineup spanning the full range of meat products and a leading market share in each product category Meat product value chains extending from raw ingredient procurement (production site development) to pro- cessing and distribution to meet customer needs
Attentive service with highly specialized staff and differentiated products and services
Business Environment
        Opportunities
• Expansion of imports due to reduced import tar- iffs under the TPP11, the EPA with the European Union, and the TAG with the United States
• Rapidly growing demand for meat products in Asian markets
• Growing consumer awareness of safety and reli- ability issues
   Growth Strategies
• Pursue expansion of scale via business investment and M&A to strengthen the functions of the Kanematsu meat products group and thereby reinforce sales
• Extend the meat products business model used in Japan to Asian markets in response to local growth in meat product sales
• Step up production site initiatives undertaken with current suppliers and cultivate new production sites to develop safe, secure, high-value-added products with a stable supply stream
   Risks
• Supply risk due to trade prohibitions related to diseases, such as foot-and-mouth disease, BSE, hog cholera, and avian influenza
• Raw ingredient price fluctuation risk
• Impact on Japan-bound supply availability due to rapid growth in demand for meat products in Asian markets
   Countermeasures
• Diversify production sites to better distribute suppliers
• Diversify customers and expand processing businesses to mitigate price fluctuation risk
• Use expanding sales in Asian markets and the accompanying reinforcement of procurement capabilities to secure Japan-bound supply

 Key Businesses and Locations
Europe
• Beef, pork, and chicken purchasing
• Meat importing and sales • Meat processing
• Beef importing and sales
•Meat importing and sales •Meat processing
•Cooled and refrigerated storage
and distribution
•Japanese beef and pork sales
and exporting •Beef importing and sales
Canada
United States
• Pork purchasing
•Beef and pork purchasing
•Beef, pork, chicken, and turkey purchasing
•Pork and chicken purchasing
Brazil Chile
Uruguay
•Beef purchasing
Thailand
•Chicken and processed chicken product purchasing
To establish a stable supply of safe, reliable, high-value- added products that meet customer needs, we have continued to build value chains and reinforce related functions. In upstream areas, we are reinforcing relation- ships with suppliers through business tie-ups and invest- ment while diversifying our sources to secure a stable supply. In mid- and downstream areas, we have worked with Group companies and our partner companies to reinforce such functions as sales business promotion, storage (refrigeration), and processing. In the processing business, in 2019 we established a joint venture plant in Higashi Ogishima, Kawasaki, to reinforce Group
functions in the Japanese market. Responding to the rapid growth in Asian markets, in 2018 we established Dalian Matsutomo Foods Co., Ltd., as a joint venture with a local partner in China for the primary processing and sale of meat products. Going forward, we will work to capture beef demand in the Chinese market, which is expected to see ongoing growth. We will horizontally expand similar initiatives in growing Asian markets to expand the earnings base.
China
Hong Kong
Japan
Progress toward the Medium-Term Vision
Business Highlight In Search of New Sources: Business in Uruguayan Beef
Handling beef, pork, chicken, lamb, and horse meat, the Meat Products Division works to secure diverse sources of these products across Europe, the Americas, Oceania, Southeast Asia, and elsewhere in an effort to minimize supply risks and ensure stable procurement. In February 2019, the ban on imports of Uruguayan beef to Japan, which had been in place since 2000, was lifted. Kanematsu took action ahead of the competition, handling the first shipments after the change, and has been proactively developing production sites. For years, we had preparing for the lifting of the ban by using our overseas network to gather information and strengthening relationships with Uruguayan meat packing companies. As a result, in 2019, we boasted the top market share in Uruguayan beef imports to Japan by an over- whelming margin. Because Uruguayan beef is subject to strict regulations on the use of growth hormones
and antibiotics, it has a favorable reputation as a natural product in the E.U. and U.S. markets and is beginning to attract attention in Japan, as well. Going forward, as we have with Uruguayan beef, we will boldly advance the development of sources around the world to provide a stable supply of safe, reliable, high-quality meat products.
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 29

 Foods, Meat & Grain
Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff
The Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division stably procures the basic food products and production materials that form the foundation for diverse food production from around the world, providing stable supplies to food product manufacturers in Japan and Asia.
The global population is projected to continue growing, while the middle- income population and demand for protein are expected to grow even faster than the population. At the same time, supply risks, such as those from extreme weather and trade protectionism, are growing. In these circumstances, we constantly strive to enhance our ability to stably supply high quality products.
Masayuki Hamasaki
Senior Executive Officer, Chief Officer, Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division
     30 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
  Division Vision
Support the food industries of Japan and the rest of Asia through the stable supply of safe, reliable high-quality products
Division Strengths
Full line of feedstuff materials, including rice, barley, soybeans, and corn, with leading domestic market shares in numerous categories, such as food soybeans, rice, and feedstuff materials
Ability to meet diverse logistics needs, from dry bulk shipping to container transport
Production of raw materials, such as soybeans, forage, and mixed feedstuff, in Japan, North America, and Asia to provide high-quality products
Business Environment
         Growth Strategies
• Focus on Japanese, Chinese, and ASEAN markets as our key domains
• Secure stable supply by diversifying production sites and suppliers
• Enhance quality control through upstream production and processing busi- nesses
  Opportunities
• Growing global demand
• Increasing regularity of extreme weather events • Growing demand for quality
    Countermeasures
• Enter into hedges via futures markets, such as the Chicago Mercantile Exchange
• Secure stable supply by diversifying production sites and suppliers
• Enhance quality control through upstream production and sourcing busi- nesses
  Risks
• Price fluctuations
• Extreme weather events • Quality control

 Key Businesses and Locations
China
ASEAN region
•Grain and forage production and processing
Bodiam Pty Ltd.
Kangaroo Island Pure Grain Pty Ltd.
•Soybean and forage production and processing
KG Agri Products, Inc.
Sage Hill Northwest, Inc.
KAI Enterprises, Inc.
In the rice business, we have a leading share of Japan’s imported rice market and are seeing gradual growth in rice trading overseas, such as exports to Singapore and China. Going forward, we will also focus on exports from Vietnam, our overseas base for the rice business, to other countries in Asia.
In the food soybean and oilseed business, we boast a leading market share in Japan and are reinforcing our founda- tions in North America via a supply network comprising a wholly owned sorting plant and partner plants. In fiscal 2021, we are increasing the utilization rates of our existing assets and infrastructure and preparing to make new investments.
In the overseas feedstuff materials business, we utilized local capital to establish a joint-venture soybean processing plant in Dalian, China. The first phase of construction was completed at the end of 2019, and processing and sales utilizing the plant, which has a capacity of 100,000 tons per year, will begin in
fiscal 2021. Notably, because major meat producers are moving from southern China to the country’s northeast and setting up new facilities due to environmental problems and other factors, above-average demand growth is expected to continue.
In North America, our plant in California that processes forage for export to China had seen a drop in utilization due to U.S.-China trade frictions. However, following the resolution of tariff conflicts between the two nations, it returned to full capacity. New exports to the Middle East are also gradually increasing. As such, this business promises growth going forward.
In the domestic feedstuff materials business, we have a supply framework for an unmatched full product lineup and are working to further strengthen and deepen functions in such areas as agricultural IoT.
•Raw material supply, local production
Mixed feedstuff manufacturer
Dalian Runsong Biological Feed Co., Ltd.
•Dairy farming in Vietnam •Raw material supply to the
aquaculture industry
Dalat Milk Joint Stock Company Other partners
North America
Australia
Progress toward the Medium-Term Vision
Business Highlight Initiatives in Sustainable Marine Resource Use and Agricultural IoT
Kanematsu boasts leading shares of the fish meal and fish oil trading markets of Japan and Asia and conducts busi- ness with an awareness of the importance of marine resource sustainability.
Kanematsu is a member of IFFO, the marine ingredi- ents organization. To protect marine resources, we are working to increase the proportion of fish meal and fish oil we handle that meets responsible supply standards. Currently, more than half of such products we handle are certified under the MarinTrust Standard promoted by IFFO.
In addition, we encourage fish meal and fish oil suppliers in Japan and around the world who do not yet meet the MarinTrust Standard to acquire certification. As a seller, Kanematsu is in the process of applying for Marine
Trust CoC V2.0, an international fish meal and fish oil responsible supply certification that meets the standards of global aquaculture mixed feedstuff manufacturers.
In the agricultural IoT field, our IT divisions and Group companies are working together to support more efficient operations and work style reforms at pig and dairy farms. Although livestock production and dairy farming are key industries in Japan, because of their severe working condi- tions, they face difficulties securing adequate labor. As such, implementing improvements to save labor and improve efficiency is a matter of urgent importance. Leveraging Kanematsu’s strength in IoT technologies, we are implementing such technologies at major pig farming companies’ latest facilities, with the aim of real- izing smart farms.
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 31

 Steel, Materials & Plant
This segment covers a full range of iron and steel products, energy solutions, chemicals, industrial plant and infrastructure facilities, and ships. Across a wide variety of operations, highly specialized staff uphold Kanematsu’s commitment to supplying and developing high-value-added products.
Eiji Kan
Managing Executive Officer, Chief Officer, Steel, Materials & Plant Division
     32 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
  Segment Vision
Change society by providing high-value-added products through businesses that support infrastructure
Segment Strengths
Diverse products and relationships with a broad client base due to the integration of businesses in different sectors Business creation capabilities of staff with wide-ranging expertise in areas from trading to business investment Global value chains operating in cooperation with influential partners in and outside Japan
Business Environment
        Opportunities
• Changes in the global energy market structure, including declining demand for fossil fuels
• Intensifying trade frictions between key coun- tries, such as the United States, China, and nations in Europe and Asia
• Growing global awareness of the SDGs and other environmental issues
   Growth Strategies
• Accelerate initiatives in renewable energy businesses
• Expand business in high-performance products and products made to pro- prietary standards to reduce risk related to trade problems
• Create new business schemes by reinforcing relationships with business partners
   Risks
• Further changes to market structures and the realization of geopolitical risks due to trade prob- lem intensification
• Temporary personnel shortages due to accelerat- ing business investment
• Changes to the business environment due to tightening environmental regulations or other factors arising from the international shift toward lower carbon emissions
   Countermeasures
• Mitigate the risk of trading right advantages being weakened by cultivating new markets, products, and trading partners
• Provide education and opportunities for employees to gain experience, mainly through personnel exchanges with affiliated companies in and out- side Japan
• Create new businesses that contribute to environmental preservation, including CO2 reduction

 Key Businesses and Locations
Europe
North America
• Pharmaceuticals • Functional foods • Specialty steel
• General chemicals • Specialty steel
• Treated-surface steel materials • Specialty steel
Middle East
China India
South Korea
• Oilfield tubing
• Specialty steel
• Functional foods
• Plant facilities
• Iron and steel products
Southeast Asia
• Bunker oil
• Biomass fuel
• General chemicals • Specialty steel
• Plant/infrastructure • Shipbuilding
• High-performance steel materials • Functional food materials
In the chemicals business, we deepened initiatives in the high-value-added pharmaceuticals and life science fields. In the iron and steel business, we invested in a South Korean company with strong development capabilities related to a range of unique products in the construction materials field, which offers high growth potential. In Japan, we welcomed a Kyushu-based aluminum construc- tion material manufacturer into the Group, reinforcing our comprehensive construction material-related product and service sales capabilities.
In the oilfield tubing business, we established a technical center for threaded connection research and development with an eye to meeting long-term needs in the United
States, which has become the world’s top oil producer.
In the energy business, in response to rising renewable energy demand and growing concern about the environ-
ment, we are expanding initiatives in the solar power generation and biomass fuel businesses.
In the plant and ships business, we are working to achieve greater differentiation from our competitors, mainly through package project proposals covering every- thing from raw materials and products to related materials.
While this segment currently faces numerous head- winds, such as shifting crude oil prices and trade problems, we are steadily taking steps to build a stable business foun- dation for the future.
Progress toward the Medium-Term Vision
Business Highlight Forest Conservation Initiative in Guinea
This segment has long engaged in carbon credit trading as part of its energy business, increasing its forest conservation know-how through REDD+.* Specifically, we have been implementing a forest conservation project with the Gobel Group in Indonesia since 2011. In 2019, we horizontally expanded these efforts to Guinea, in West Africa, beginning a project to farm cacao while conserving forests. Kanematsu and a specialized cacao trading company were jointly commissioned by JICA to commercialize the project and are providing guid- ance to growers with regard to agroforestry, in which crops are cultivated without clear-cutting forests, and fermentation techniques to improve product quality. Aiming to establish and industrialize the market for Guinea cacao, this project seeks to help poor farmers by paying them a portion of sales revenues. The
project also contributes to the achievement of the goals of the Paris Agreement, reducing forest destruction by working to eliminate slash and burn agriculture and discouraging household firewood collection. The chocolate market is dominated by European and American companies, but we are building an SDG-oriented business that will demon- strate Japan’s unique strengths to the world.
* REDD+ (reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation) is an initiative aimed at reducing forest loss and degradation and promoting sustainable forest management in developing countries.
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 33

 Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
The motor vehicles and parts business handles motorcycle and automobile parts as well as complete built up vehicles, while the aerospace business handles aircraft and parts as well as space-related products. These businesses operate on a global scale, leveraging the Group’s superb expertise and extensive information resources.
Yoshiya Miyabe
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Chief Officer, Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Division
     34 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
  Segment Vision
Contribute to society by creating next-generation mobility businesses centered on the environment, safety, and comfort
Segment Strengths
A strong roster of sales assets, including industry-leading customers and business partners around the world, built up over the decades
Supply chain management that leverages our overseas locations and logistics network
Ability to gather information, set up businesses, and execute investments in areas related to advanced technologies and startups
Business Environment
        Opportunities
• Long-term growth in demand for cars and motorcycles in emerging countries and the emergence of new demand related to the evolution of CASE and MaaS technologies
• Growing demand for air travel in step with globalization and growth in the space business due to public and pri- vate development and forward-looking investment in developed countries
• Rapid diversification of mobility as part of a once-in-a- century period of technological innovation and digitization
   Growth Strategies
• Leverage the Group’s global network to further hone existing projects, increase value added, and execute new investments
• Further develop the commercial aircraft aftermarket business and expand scale, mainly in the part-out and maintenance, repair and over- haul (MRO) businesses
• Advance partnerships with startups, mainly through our investment base in Silicon Valley, to create new businesses
   Risks
• Fluctuations in demand due to changes in international conditions, such as environmental regulations, economic sanctions, or trade frictions
• Drastic changes in commodity structures, value chains, or business models due to the development of CASE, MaaS, or other such technologies
• Intensifying competition with new players entering the part-out and MRO markets as air travel demand grows
   Countermeasures
• Innovate existing value chains, create new added value and evolve to implement next-generation business models
• Increase trading of components for EVs and other environmentally friendly vehicles, develop data and software businesses in addition to our existing businesses
• Establish locations in Asia, where markets are growing, and the United States, the biggest market, and form tie-ups and joint businesses with local companies

 Key Businesses and Locations
• Sales and maintenance of automobiles
• Sales of engines, generators, lawnmowers, and other general-purpose machinery
Poland Europe
• Motorcycle and automobile OEM components and warehouse operation
• Export of helicopter and aircraft components to Japan
• Replacement, maintenance, leasing, and sale of aircraft rotable components
• Motorcycle and automobile OEM components
• Establishment and operation of joint-venture plants with business partners
• Motorcycle OEM components • Aerospace equipment and
component agency sales
• Motorcycle, automobile, ATV, and golf cart OEM components, motorcycle aftermarket components
• Export of aircraft fuselages and components to Japan • Investment in VC funds, seeking out advanced technologies, and growth support for startups
North America
Central & South America
• Motorcycle and automobile OEM component trading and golf cart OEM
China
Korea
India, Thailand, Indonesia
• Motorcycle OEM components and warehouse operation
• Establishment and operation of joint- venture plants with business partners
• Aircraft and helicopter fuselages, components sales agency, and space- related sales agency (private/public)
• Rocket downrange operations
• Kanematsu Aerospace Corp.
(aircraft equipment import agency sales)
• Kaneyo Co., Ltd.
(Fiber material import, export, and domestic sales)
In our motorcycle and automobile businesses, as part of efforts to work with key business partners to build new businesses, a strategy carried over from the previous medium-term vision, we established a joint venture motorcycle electronics manufacturing company in Tamil Nadu, India, with one of our suppliers in Japan and a partner in India. To enhance our global framework and reinforce logistics, we focused mainly on Asia, establishing a sales office in Sriracha, Thailand, and a branch office in Bengaluru, India, as well as launching operations at ware- houses in the cities of Pune, Bawal, and Chennai, India. Also, in new initiatives, we entered the data business. We are working in cooperation with a major equipment manufacturer in Japan on both the hardware and soft- ware aspects of systems to efficiently collect vehicle driving data, and are currently carrying out demonstration testing of such systems in Indonesia.
In the aircraft business, we advanced measures to
strengthen the personnel and business frameworks of the European commercial aircraft parts business and established a sales office in Malaysia as part of efforts to enter Asian markets, which are expected to grow going forward. In the space business, in addition to the satellite-related component business, an area of strength, we have been receiving stable orders in the rocket downrange operations business and contributing to national projects.
Furthermore, aiming to find cutting-edge technologies and new business models, we established Kanematsu Ventures Inc. in Silicon Valley and invested in a Silicon Valley venture capital fund managed by AllegisCyber Capital, thereby kicking off efforts to build innovative new businesses. Based on information gathered via the world- wide network of contacts we have built, our business investment and creation initiatives, including investment in startups, continue to evolve.
Japan South
Progress toward the Medium-Term Vision
Business Highlight New Initiatives in the Space Business
Kanematsu has long worked to expand Japan’s space industry as a sales agency for European and American space-related manufacturers.
We provide overseas launch support for the H-IIA/B, the primary launch vehicles currently used by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA). Furthermore, to enhance international competitiveness, we are working with the government to set up overseas downrange operation stations for the H3 launch vehicle, a next-gen- eration flagship rocket currently in development, in an effort to realize its maiden flight in fiscal 2020.
In addition to the conventional government-led space business, Kanematsu has been quick to get into
the private-sector-led space business, enhancing trading of satellite components. Going forward, we aim to utilize data from positioning and small satellite constellations with AI and big data technologies across our operations to further expand our business foundations.
In addition, we are proactively engaging in initiatives related to national security, gathering data about Space Situational Awareness, and
implementing space debris
countermeasures as we advance businesses related to space development and utilization.
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 35

Sustainability
 Our Approach to Sustainability
The Kanematsu Group has codified the entrepreneurial spirit of Kanematsu’s founder, Fusajiro Kanematsu, in its Corporate Principle. We engage in business in Japan and around the globe based on our mission of contributing to international society and economic development.
The challenges facing international society today, such as climate change and other increasingly serious social and environmental problems, are growing more diverse and complex. We believe that carrying out corporate activities proactively, with an awareness of these challenges and a sense of mission, serves to both help address such challenges and promote the growth of the Kanematsu Group.
With an eye toward cooperation and mutual development with our customers and business partners, we will continue to leverage the insight and know-how built up over Kanematsu’s long history to provide goods and services with added value. Through these corporate activities, we aim to achieve the sustained development of the global environment, society, economy, and of the Kanematsu Group.
 Business activities
Social contribution activities, etc.
          Business in high-value-added health foods for healthier living
Initiatives to introduce ICT to livestock farming
Security business to guard against cyber attacks
A
Responding to changes in market characteristics and location and changes in customer needs
Cloud-based Farm Management Systems for Chicken Farming
p. 40
         Sustainable coffee plantation-related initiatives
Offering services closely tailored to local needs at mobile phone shops
Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade
Volunteering in areas affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake
Supporting Amputee Soccer e-Net Caravan activities
p. 39
p. 39 D
B
Mutual development with local communities
Ensure health and safety through our corporate and social contribution activities to achieve mutual growth and development with local communities.
Increase management transparency, enhance appropriate oversight functions and systems, and promote sound corporate management to achieve sustained growth.
     p. 39
p. 46 p. 48
Enhancing governance
 Enhancing the corporate governance system
 Enhancing internal control and risk management systems
36 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
Addressing the Five Key Issues

  Determining Materiality
The Kanematsu Group aims to take on social challenges based on a broad view of international society in order to create new markets and value. In this way we seek to contribute to the global environment, sustainable social development, and the growth of the Kanematsu Group.
At the start of the future 135 medium-term vision in fiscal 2019, we sought to determine which issues the Kanematsu Group should focus on in its corporate activities, taking into account international targets and standards—such as the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)—as well as stakeholder expectations, Kanematsu’s Corporate Principle, and importance to management. Through these efforts, we established five key issues (issues of high materiality).
 • Responding to changes in market characteristics and location and changes in customer needs
• Mutual development with local communities
• Consideration of the global environment
• Enhancing governance
• Promoting respect for human rights, human resource development, and diversity
              Meet the needs of people in many countries and regions by achieving the stable procurement and supply of goods and services to realize richer, comfortable living.
C
Consideration of the global environment
Promoting respect for human rights, human resource development, and diversity
Respect human rights, build sustainable value chains, and contribute to employment in emerging counties in our global corporate activities. Maintain environments in which diverse human resources can exercise their individuality and abilities while promoting the development of every employee.
Demonstration project to increase effective EV range
Aircraft rotable parts business/ part-out business
Forest conservation initiatives in Indonesia (REDD+)
Solar panel and converter supply business
Renewable energy power plant construction business
Business supplying high- efficiency industrial machinery employing low-carbon technologies
Business supplying heat reflective paint to combat global warming
Business selling biomass fuels to combat global warming
Lumber preservation treatment technology helping reduce global warming
Environmentally friendly ground improvement using wooden piles
Business in implementing switches to LP gas fuel
Development of mealworm- based feedstuff materials
         Work to address environmental issues, including mitigating global warming and conserving biodiversity, through our corporate and social contribution activities.
E
Securing Traceability in Marine Products
Acquisition of Carbon Credits with Saudi Arabia via the Joint Crediting Mechanism
Developing and utilizing global professionals in the IT industry
Promoting work-life balance
Human resource development initiatives
p. 40
p. 40
p. 44
p. 41
           Activities to support the independence of persons with disabilities
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 37
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

   Message from the Sustainability Management Committee Chair
Yoichiro Muramatsu
Executive Officer
When he founded Kanematsu, Fusajiro Kanematsu declared, “Let us sow and nurture the seeds of global prosperity.” This urging to “Sow a seed now” and take action for the greater good reflected the common social mission shared by the people of Japan in the late nineteenth centu- ry, when Japan was striving to build a national economy. In the context of today, 130 years later, it is clear that this founding spirit has much in common with the principles underlying the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), which have gained prominence in recent years. Indeed, a commitment to helping realize a more prosperous society and better future has been an essen- tial component of Kanematsu’s core heritage since its founding.
The novel coronavirus pandemic has thrown into sharp relief the risks of a globalized soci- ety, including how quickly infectious disease can spread. In the post-corona world, or rather, the “new normal,” where we live with the novel coronavirus, the issues of realizing a sustainable soci- ety and corporate business continuity are expected to draw increased focus. The Kanematsu Group’s medium-term vision, future 135, includes the goal of growth by pursuing scale expan- sion and the acquisition of added value through effective and judicious business investment, and we are advancing business activities accordingly. Going forward, as society rapidly transforms, we will pursue corporate activities with an increased awareness of the SDGs. In addition, we recog- nize addressing climate change as important to the realization of a sustainable society and are exploring ways of responding to the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
To further advance sustainability management, in April 2020 we relaunched the CSR Committee as the Sustainability Management Committee. As interest in the SDGs and ESG issues increases, we will fulfill the role and responsibilities expected by our stakeholders, working to solve social issues and create value through our business activities as we aim for the sustainable growth of both the Company and society.
   38 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

 Environmental Initiatives
Kanematsu is engaged in environmental businesses in Japan and overseas that help protect and improve the global envi- ronment. The global Group also continuously works to improve its ISO 14001-based environmental management system. By effectively operating this system, the Group is reducing electricity and paper consumption, promoting comprehensive waste sorting and reduction, and helping to reduce CO2 emissions. Through these efforts, the Group strives to contribute to the creation of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society.
Social Contribution
 For more details, please refer to Kanematsu’s Environmental Report.
https://www.kanematsu.co.jp/en/sustainability/environment/
    The Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade
The Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade was established in 1940 with the purpose of contributing to economic development through support and funding for research into trade and international economics. The Foundation is jointly operated by the Research Institute for Economics and Business Administration of Kobe University and Kanematsu.
In 1993, the Kanematsu Prize—a Kanematsu postgraduate research scholarship—was jointly established by the Research Institute for Economics and Business Administration of Kobe University, the Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade, and Kanematsu Corporation. Every year, graduate students are invited to submit their dissertations to apply for the prize. The Kanematsu Prize thus provides graduate students in the fields of economics, management, and accounting across Japan with opportunities to win a research fellowship and to present their research.
Beginning with the 2018 prize, the economics division and management division are
judged separately. Through
such efforts, Kanematsu will
continue to support research in the fields of economics, management, and accounting through the Kanematsu Prize.
Supporting Amputee Football
Under a partnership agreement with the Japan Amputee Football Association (JAFA), Kanematsu supports the parasport of amputee football as part of initiatives to address its key issues of mutual development with local communities and promoting respect for human rights, human resource develop- ment, and diversity.
Operational Support (Office Space and Kanematsu Tsuga Ground)
Since October 2018, Kanematsu has provided a meeting room at its Tokyo Head Office for JAFA to use as an office. Since forming a partnership agreement with JAFA in April 2019, we have sent employee volunteers to JAFA tournaments and actively engaged in efforts to spread awareness of amputee football, broadly communicating
the appeal and excitement of the sport.
The Chiba Prefecture amputee football team AFC BumbleBee Chiba holds monthly practices at Kanematsu Tsuga
Ground. In the spring of 2020, the team became affiliated with the AC Milan Academy Chiba and was renamed AC Milan BBee Chiba with the aim of developing even further.
Raising Awareness through Experience—The Kanematsu
Invitational Kids’ Soccer Tournament
The eighth Kanematsu Invitational Kids’ Soccer Tournament was held in January 2020 at KUVERA football park in Kamagaya, Chiba, where Kanematsu supplied the artificial turf.
After the matches concluded, we held an amputee soccer experience event to spread awareness among the participating children. This event served as an opportunity to not only allow the children to see first-hand
how fun and interesting amputee soccer is, but also to spark an interest in parasports and communicate the value of human life and resilience.
Reconstruction Support Volunteer Activities
To encourage employees to volunteer, Kanematsu Company has created a support system to cover transportation and lodging costs not only for Company-organized volunteer efforts, but also employee’s self-directed efforts.
Volunteering in Areas Affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake
Since 2011, Kanematsu has carried out ongoing volunteer efforts to support recovery in Rikuzentakata, Iwate, an area affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake. To date, a total of 337 Kanematsu Group employees have taken part in 20 volun- teer trips. As the areas affected move into the later stages of recovery, there has been less need for volunteer labor. Accordingly, since 2018, employee volunteers have been helping operate the Road to Recovery Rikuzentakata Marathon. This marathon, of which Kanematsu is a corporate sponsor, brings runners and volunteers from around the country together with local citizens in a shared hope for recovery.
In addition, in fiscal 2019, Rikuzentakata was designated an SDGs Future City by the national government, and the city is actively working toward
the achievement of the
SDGs. Going forward, we
will continue to support
new community building
and recovery in
Rikuzentakata through a
variety of efforts.
       KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 39
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

  A
Addressing the Five Key Issues
Cloud-based Farm Management Systems for Chicken Farming
 The Kanematsu Group’s Electronics & Devices Division and Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division are jointly advancing next-generation smart-agriculture initiatives. Specifically, Kanematsu Futuretech Solutions Corporation is developing cloud-based farm management systems for egg and chicken farming.
Daily reports on poultry house conditions or breeding, which have conventionally been managed using handwritten ledgers, can be input to the new system via tablet using a dedicated app during poultry house inspections, improving efficiency. In addition, data collected on-site is available in real time, enabling better understanding of farm operations and analysis of farm management.
C
The evolution of smart agriculture, powered by ICT, is expected to not only help
attract personnel to the
industry, but improve effi-
ciency and productivity. Through this initiative, the entire Kanematsu Group will contribute to the sustainable development of the livestock industry while adapting to market changes.
bring sustainable marine products to consumers. By doing so, we will contribute to the achievement of SDG 14, “Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas and marine resources for sustainable development” while further developing sustainable marine product industries.
1. MSC: Marine Stewardship Council
2. ASC: Aquaculture Stewardship Council
  Securing Traceability in Marine Products
 In April 2020, Kanematsu obtained MSC/ASC Chain of Custody (CoC) certification.
MSC1 and ASC2 certifications serve as proof that marine products were produced by sustainable fishing or aquaculture methods managed with proper consideration given to marine resources and the environment. MSC certification applies to wild-caught seafood, while ASC certification applies to aqua- culture. Vendors wishing to claim marine products as origi- nating from fishery operators or aquaculture producers with MSC or ASC certification must obtain CoC certification. CoC certification provides credible assurance of product traceability up the chain of custody to the source to ensure that non-certi- fied products are not mixed into or substituted for MSC/ASC certified marine products during distribution or processing.
Leveraging its CoC certification, Kanematsu will strive to ensure the protection of marine resources and the marine envi- ronment in its role as an operator in supply chains that reliably
C
   Acquisition of Carbon Credits with Saudi Arabia via the Joint Crediting Mechanism
 Japan has built and is implementing a joint crediting mecha- nism (JCM) to promote the use of energy-saving and renew- able energy technologies in developing countries as mechanism for promoting the absorption and reduction of emissions of greenhouse gases.
Using this system, Kanematsu and Jubail Chemical Industries Company (JANA) of Saudi Arabia installed high-effi- ciency electrolysis tanks at a chlorine production plant. JANA produces chlorine and caustic soda, the manufacture of which consumes great quantities of electricity. Replacing the older facilities with the latest model high-efficiency electrolysis tanks helped reduce resistance and the amount of electricity consumed.
The Kanematsu Group is also using the JCM in four proj- ects in Southeast Asia. We will continue to look for new
opportunities to leverage the JCM and thereby contribute to the achievement of the SDGs.
 40 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

 Human Resource Development Initiatives
Human resources are a vital asset for Kanematsu, and retaining and training human resources is important for the Company’s growth. Kanematsu maintains systems to promote work-life balance, including child care support and family care support systems, seeking to create workplaces that are comfortable and rewarding for employees. Furthermore, we focus considerable effort on human resource development, an indispensable part of Kanematsu’s growth.
  Message from the Chief Officer of Human Resources & General Affairs
   Kazuo Tanaka
Senior Executive Officer,
Chief Officer, Human Resources & General Affairs
Further Reinforcing Human Resource Development and Promoting Diversity and Inclusion
Human resources are the Kanematsu Group’s most valu- able assets. Our Corporate Principle, established based on the entrepreneurial spirit of our founder, Fusajiro Kanematsu, includes the passage, “Our purpose as a Company is not only to build a sound and flourishing business, but to fulfill our responsibilities as a corporate citizen, contributing to society and the security and well- being of all.” Since the Group’s founding 130 years ago, Kanematsu has strived to develop its people and create employee-friendly workplaces, growing and developing alongside a talented workforce.
One of the priority initiatives of the future 135 medi- um-term vision is the establishment of management
infrastructure for achieving sustainable growth, under which we aim to build a framework for global strategy, cultivate management-level human resources, and improve employee satisfaction.
To cultivate management-level human resources, in July 2019, we launched Kanematsu University, a rein- forced, more systematic version of our existing training systems. To achieve the ongoing growth of the Kanematsu Group, we are developing human resources with broad, long-term perspectives that encompass the entire Company. By doing so, we will realize qualitative improvement, nurturing the next generation of Kanematsu leaders.
Furthermore, in October 2019, we created a Diversity and Inclusion (D&I) Team within the Personnel and General Affairs Department. In its first year, the team held diversity lectures and career training for non-career-track employees under the main theme of increasing motivation as part of efforts to promote women’s professional success. Going forward, the D&I Team will work to create environments that recognize and accept diverse ways of thinking and beliefs to make it easier for all employees to work and use their abilities. By combining such efforts with work style reforms, we aim to enhance employee engagement and help achieve the SDGs.
Going forward, as the world adapts to the presence of the novel coronavirus, work styles, values, and busi- ness models are expected to undergo tremendous changes. No matter how times change, Kanematsu will work to further develop business professionals with strong basic qualities of character, such as fairness and integrity, as well as rich individuality, so that every employee can act with pride to build strong relation- ships with business partners, thereby supporting the development of the Kanematsu Group.
  Kanematsu University
Kanematsu University, a reinforced, more systematic version of our existing training systems, was launched in July 2019 to develop management professionals who will create new busi- nesses.
All employees of Kanematsu and Group companies who have been with the Group for less than ten years are required to participate in the system, which grants credits and certifica- tions. The curriculum comprises the three categories of general education, interpersonal knowledge and skills, and
professional knowledge and skills. The system provides a rich range of courses administered via e-learning or group training, depending on the content. Content ranges from the fundamental, such as business manners and foreign languages, to specialized knowledge and skills, such as busi- ness investment, legal matters, and anger management. Using Kanematsu University, we are developing the next generation of management-level human resources.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 41
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Kanematsu University Student’s Perspective
   Norihiko Higashi
Corporate Planning Department, Corporate Planning Section
Through e-learning, I was able to learn a wide range of business fundamentals in such areas as finance, accounting, and marketing through a structured online medium, freely engaging with the content that most interested me when I had gaps of free time during the workday. In addition, in management strategy formulation training, I learned the basic approach to strategy formula- tion through two days through lectures from outside instructors, instructional texts, and case studies of other companies. This helped me realize
some of the areas where my normal way of seeing things falls short, and, in the group work portion, I had the opportunity to see the strategies my groupmates use in their work. I thus learned a lot from this training.
Using the knowledge and know-how I have gained through Kanematsu University, I hope to help Kanematsu continue to grow its core busi- nesses while taking part in advancing and execut- ing business investment and M&A projects, areas of focus for Kanematsu going forward.
 Executive Management Training
Kanematsu created a new executive management training system in fiscal 2017 to foster the skills to operate businesses and orga- nizations from an executive management perspective. Specifically, the targets of this training are to (1) foster strategy formulation and human resource management abilities and (2) acquire the basic knowledge necessary to an executive manager. In the first year, we implemented this training for general manager-level employees. Since fiscal 2018, we have been gradually expanding this training to the division manager level and below, planning to eventually include employees who are in approximately their 10th year with the Company.
Training in Business Plan Formulation
Kanematsu aims to improve corporate value by further developing areas of strength, making new investments for business creation, and taking on other new challenges. To this end, we have created training courses covering business plan formulation to impart the skills necessary for drafting road maps to the creation and successful launch of new businesses.
Business Plan Formulation Trainee’s Perspective
Overseas Dispatch Training System
Kanematsu operates an overseas training system for employees in their first five years with the Company. Participants are dispatched to overseas subsidiaries, representative offices, and business corporations to experience local life- and work styles for around six months. This system exposes employees to diverse values and provides the experiences, insights, and knowledge that members of a globally operating trading company need.
Overseas Dispatch Training System Trainee’s Perspective
     Naoko Goto
Motor Vehicles and Parts Department No. 2, Section 1
The first half of the business plan formulation train- ing consisted of working on problems we had received in advance using instructional texts, followed by a systematic study of the basic skills necessary for business plan formation through lectures and lessons from instructors.
In the second half, we split into groups to iden- tify a new business opportunity within a given area and develop a business plan. The training as a whole was an extremely valuable opportunity to step away from ordinary work to really focus on
learning skills like deeply thinking things through, logically structuring ideas, and communicating them in a convincing way. In addition, the opportu- nity to foster deeper mutual understanding and gain new perspectives through discussions with the other participants from other departments and affiliates made it a very eye-opening experience.
Going forward, I will leverage what I learned in this training while continuing to build my experi- ence and knowledge in my ordinary work, aiming to use these assets in future business creation.
     Yosuke Watanabe
Plant & Ships Department, Industrial Machinery & Plant Section
During my dispatch training in Myanmar, I worked in practical operations and project management, mainly for Official Development Assistance proj- ects under contract with the Japanese govern- ment. Specifically, I was working on yen loans for the installation of agricultural facilities by govern- ment institutions. Many aspects of Myanmar’s import systems and taxation law are vague, so there were times when advancing a single step in a procedure took a great deal of time and effort. As a matter of cultural difference, the approach to timetables was often different from what I was used to, and I learned the importance of keeping
the participants involved and invested while keep- ing the overall schedule in mind.
Through my four months of living and work- ing in Myanmar, I discovered things that I person- ally need to work on that I had never noticed in Japan and gained a greater sense of motivation to work overseas in the future. The Plant & Ships Department does not currently have any employ- ees stationed at the Yangon Representative Office, but I hope to continue to maintain close commu- nication with the local staff, not just advancing existing projects, but also discovering and building new projects.
42 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

 Diversity
Promoting Greater Professional Success for Women
Action Plan for Helping Women Excel Outline Plan duration: (April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2024)
  Issues the Company Faces
Although Kanematsu hires a certain number of women every year, the percentages of women among all new graduate hires, employees in core operations, and employees in management positions are low.
Targets
1. Increase the number of women working in core operations in assistant section manager-level or higher positions to 35 (from 27 in fiscal 2018)
2. Increase the percentage of women among new graduate hires to 42% (from 34% in fiscal 2018).
Initiatives
Increasing the percentage of women among new graduate hires and creating systems to promote female employee retention
     Action Plan to Help Women Excel
In addition to a system to allow non-career-track employees to take division manager or assistant manager positions and a system for rehiring employees who left the Company to accompany a spouse who was transferred to another loca- tion, we are implementing the following initiatives to help improve work-life balance.
1. Extended eligibility for shortened working hours for child- care to the end of the child’s third year of elementary school
2. Individual staggered work hours until the child finishes elementary school
3. Flexi-time system
4. System for hourly use of paid annual vacation
 FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
  Female career-track employees* at fiscal year-end
Responsibility band at fiscal year-end
Perspective of a Female Employee Working Overseas
54 56 54 52 54
22 22 22 27 28
38.1% 31.0% 34.4% 34.0% 39.0%
* Work location is determined according to the Company’s needs and not restricted to any specific area. These employees eventually move into core operations.
  Women among new graduate hires
     Vo Thi Thanh Hai
Kanematsu Vietnam Co., Ltd. Sales & Procurement Leader
I am in charge of the coffee and fruit products of the Food Department at Kanematsu Vietnam, a supplier of many kinds of agricul- tural products. Our mission is to introduce Vietnamese ingredients and products to the world as well as bring high-tech products from developed countries, especially Japan, to Vietnam. We would love to be one of the bridges in Southeast Asia that connect to the Kanematsu Group worldwide.
Being chosen for Kanematsu Tokyo Head Office Training and the Dialogue Program was one of the greatest opportunities I have had
during my time at Kanematsu Vietnam. Although the course was not long, I not only learned working knowledge and skills, but also built relationships with other Kanematsu Group staff.
I believe in collaboration in business as a team, because with Kanematsu’s system of companies, offices, and subsidiaries around the world, collaboration is the key to identifying demand and requirements and securing supply sources globally. By doing this, every office, company, and department will be able to create new businesses and grow strongly together.
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 43
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Work-Life Balance
Kanematsu is proactively committed to ensuring a good work-life balance and discourages long working hours in order to foster a healthy workforce. We have been improving the working environment so that employees can treasure the time they spend with their families as well as the time spent on hobbies and participating in social activities.
 Child Care Support
In addition to maternity and childcare leave systems, we have a number of systems in place to allow parents to continue working while pregnant or raising children. These include reduced duties and time off for doctor’s visits during pregnancy, time off to care for sick children, and shortened work hours and flexi-time after returning from leave. From fiscal 2019, the period after returning from leave during which employees are eligible for reduced work hours has been extended from up to the child’s third birthday to the end of the child’s third year of elementary school. In addition, employees may work reduced hours with no reduction in pay until the child’s third birthday.
Family Care Support
Many mothers take childcare leave, and when they return to work, as a rule, they are placed in the divisions in which they worked before. These measures are taken to create a pleasant working environment
Number of Employees Taking Childcare Leave
 FY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
17* 14 18
* Includes two male employees ** Includes two male employees
20** 20
  In addition to the conventional family care leave system, Kanematsu has recently enabled special paid holidays for family care. We have also appointed a child-raising and care consultation officer for one-to-one consultation on these matters.
 Systems for Using Paid Vacation
Bronze Week
Since fiscal 2016, Kanematsu has maintained a “Bronze Week” system for systematically encouraging the use of annual paid vacation days. This is intended to make it easier for employees to take off the time they are entitled to and create workplaces that are more comfortable and rewarding.
From fiscal 2020, we have upgraded the system, renaming it the Bronze Week Plus System and doing away with the system of having sections designate candidate days off from
which employees chose. We also increased the minimum number of days employees are required to use through the system to five to ensure compliance with the Revised Labor Standards Act’s requirement of taking at least five days of paid vacation per year. Since the system’s introduction, the rate of annual vacation days used has risen steadily, reaching 73.8% in fiscal 2019. We will continue working to create even more employee-friendly workplaces and further increase the paid annual vacation usage rate.
 Bronze Week System Outline
 •Makes it easier to take off a bridge day between two ordinary days off, the day before or after a three-day weekend, or take two days before or after a normal weekend, effectively extending the number of consecutive days off for the individual to four or more.
• This system is aimed at helping employees have special experiences that are difficult to realize with one or two days off so that they will feel refreshed and have new ideas that they can then put to use in their work.
• At the start of each fiscal year, employees schedule at least five days of paid vacation for that year.
• Applies to all employees, in principle, excluding those on dispatch within Japan, stationed overseas, or on leave.
• The system, which encourages the use of paid annual vacation, especially multiple consecutive days off, is named “Bronze Week Plus” in reference to the yearly clusters of public holidays in Japan popularly known as “Golden Week” and “Silver Week.”
 My Weekend System
In fiscal 2019, we established the “My Weekend” system to encourage employees to take their paid annual vacation to, for example, pursue their hobbies or enjoy special family occa- sions. This system is aimed at helping employees feel comfort- able taking days off for important events and giving greater
priority to their personal lives. In particular, managerial employees, who often find it particularly difficult to take time off, are asked to use at least five days per year. This system thus provides support to help employees prioritize both their work and private lives.
 My Weekend System Outline
 • By encouraging employees to take off not only ordinary weekends, but days of personal significance, such as their wedding anniversaries or the birthdays of family members, as “my weekends,” this system is aimed at helping employees take time for their personal interests and important family occasions.
• Managerial employees are asked to take at least five days off per year through the My Weekend system alone (no usage requirement has been set for non-managerial employees).
 44 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

Hourly Use of Paid Annual Vacation
In fiscal 2019, we introduced an hour-based system for using paid annual vacation. This provides even more flexibility than the previous system, which required employees to take an entire half day in the morning or afternoon, to better accom- modate employee’s private lives.
Annual Vacation Usage Rate
(%)
80
70
60
50
73.7 73.8
   59.7
65.6
66.7
  FY2015 FY2016 FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
 Outline of Hourly Use of Paid Annual Vacation
 • Paid annual vacation, which previously could only be used in one-day or half-day units, can now be used in hourly units.
• Up to 40 hours per year of paid annual vacation (the equivalent of five 8-hour days) can be used in hourly units; in principle, managerial employees and
non-full-time employees are not eligible to use this system.
• By expanding the range of options for using paid annual vacation, Kanematsu is creating work environments that are more accommodating of individual circumstances and promoting more flexible work styles.
  Individual Flexi-Time System
In fiscal 2019, we implemented a flexi-time system that applies at the individual rather than sectional level, as was previously the case. Now, in principle, individuals can freely
adjust the times they come to and leave work in accordance with the varying demands of their own schedules.
 Overview of the Individual Flexi-Time System
 • Employees must be at work during core time (10:00– 15:30), but outside of this time, they are, in principle, free to decide what time to come to and leave work.
• To use this system, in principle, employees must submit notice of their planned arrival and departure times by
the end of the previous week. However, after such plans are submitted, they may be revised as needed to accommodate urgent errands, illness, or other individual circumstances.
  General Employer Action Plan
In December 2010, Kanematsu was awarded the “Kurumin” certification of support for the nurturing of the next generation by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare’s Tokyo Labour Bureau. In January 2017, we received the “Kurumin” certifica- tion a second time.
In April 2020, we formulated our fifth General Employer Action Plan. With the principal aim of creating work environ-
Bring Your Child to Work Day
Kanematsu has held an annual Bring Your Child to Work Day since fiscal 2017. By helping to deepen colleagues’ under- standing of and build support for their workmates balancing work and childcare while enhancing communication and understanding among families regarding work and the Company, this event is intended to increase employee moti- vation and foster a sense of belonging within the Company. We also hope that it will provide an opportunity for all employees to think about their own work-life balance. On the day of the event, the participating children saw displays of the products handled by each division, took a tour of the Company, practiced exchanging business cards with the company president and executives, and made paper fans with messages of encouragement for their working parents.
ments that enable employees to autono- mously engage in their work and continue to fully participate professionally regardless of the ups and down of life events, we are advancing initiatives to fully harness employee potential.
    KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 45
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Corporate Governance
 Our Basic Stance on Corporate Governance
Kanematsu’s founder himself put down the words “Let us sow and nurture the seeds of global prosperity.” The Kanematsu Group recognizes the pioneering spirit fostered by our predecessors along with the wise use of our cre- ative imagination and ingenuity, fulfilling our corporate social responsibilities through sound, flourishing business- es, and adherence to Company rules as key parts of its Corporate Principle. We operate in accordance with this principle and our Code of Conduct, striving to carry out corporate activities to serve our various stakeholders and help realize a sustainable society by providing socially valuable goods and services.
To this end, Kanematsu endeavors to strengthen corporate governance to increase the transparency of man- agement and create a more equitable, efficient, and sound company. We work to improve corporate governance with the aim of increasing our enterprise value and winning the support of all our stakeholders, including share- holders, customers, business partners, and employees.
 System of Corporate Governance
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors is made up of six directors, with the chairman of the Board of Directors as its presiding officer. The Board decides on matters required of it as set out in law and Kanematsu’s Articles of Incorporation as well as business poli- cies and other important matters and oversees business exe- cution by directors. Two of the six directors are outside directors to ensure that the Board conducts appropriate deci-
Advisory Bodies
To reinforce the objectivity, independence, and accountability of the Board of Directors, Kanematsu has voluntarily estab- lished a Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee as advisory bodies under the Board of Directors.
• Nominating Committee: Comprises the chairman as com- mittee chair and the two outside directors. The committee provides recommendations to the Board of Directors based on deliberations regarding such matters as proposals for the General Meeting of Shareholders related to the appointment
Corporate Governance Structure
sion making and to further reinforce the supervision of busi- ness execution. In principle, the Board of Directors meets once a month, with additional meetings held as necessary. Directors are appointed to the Board for one-year terms to allow the Board to respond appropriately to changes in the business environment.
and dismissal of directors and the necessary policy, rules, and
procedures for reaching related resolutions
• Compensation Committee: Comprises the president as com-
mittee chair and the two outside directors. The committee provides recommendations to the Board of Directors based on deliberations regarding such matters as policy regarding the setting of compensation levels and types for individual directors and executive officers as well as the necessary policy, rules, and procedures for reaching related resolutions.
    General Meeting of Shareholders
Board of Directors
 Six Directors (including two outside directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board
 Four Audit & Supervisory Board Members (including two outside members)
 Nominating Committee
 Compensation Committee
  President
Management Committee
Collaboration
Internal controls
    Project Deliberation Committee
Internal Auditing Department
  Internal Control and Compliance Committee
 Sustainability Management Committee
 Marketing Area/Support Area, Domestic and Overseas Offices, Subsidiaries
Accounting Auditor
 Appointment/Dismissal
Appointment/Dismissal/ Supervision
Appointment/Dismissal
Audit
Appointment/ Dismissal
  Consultation Advice/Suggestions
Audit
  Collaboration
Accounting audit
Collaboration
   46 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
(As of June 24, 2020)

 Management Committee
Kanematsu has adopted an executive officer system to improve the flexibility of business execution, speed up management deci- sion making, and further clarify roles and responsibilities through the separation of supervisory and executive functions. With authority delegated by the Board of Directors, the executive offi- cers carry out business operations in their respective areas of responsibility based on the decisions of the Board of Directors.
To facilitate rapid decision making and flexible manage-
Project Deliberation Committee
The Project Deliberation Committee considers and discusses important projects before they are referred to the Management Committee or other bodies. Comprising the
Audit & Supervisory Board
Kanematsu uses the audit & supervisory board system. The Audit & Supervisory Board and its members act independent- ly to audit directors’ performance of their duties. Specifically, the four Audit & Supervisory Board members, including two outside members, receive reports from directors and employ- ees on the performance of their duties as required, and
ment, Kanematsu has set up a Management Committee com- posed of the chairman of the Board of Directors and executive officers, including the president. In principle, the Committee meets at least twice a month. The Committee establishes basic policies for Companywide general business execution in accor- dance with basic policies determined by the Board of Directors and provides instruction and guidance on the execution of business.
chief officers of credit control, finance and accounting, and corporate planning, the Committee meets at least twice a month, in principle.
attend meetings of the Board of Directors and Management Committee.
Furthermore, the full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Members attend the Project Deliberation Committee, Internal Control and Compliance Committee, and other important meetings or committees.
  Reasons for Selection of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
   Outside Directors
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Yuko Tahara
Name
Kazuhiro Tanaka
Tsukasa Miyachi
Yusaku Kurahashi
Reasons for Selection
So that she can provide advice to management and appropriate oversight of business execution based on her wealth of experience in corporate management and deep insight gained through experience in human resources and organizational consulting.
So that he can utilize his extensive expertise and deep insight regarding corporate management as a university professor specializing in business administration in Kanematsu’s management and provide management oversight.
So that he can audit Kanematsu based on his expert knowledge and experience as a certified public accountant.
So that he can audit Kanematsu based on his expert knowledge and experience as a lawyer.
Fiscal 2020 Attendance
14 of 15 Board of Directors meetings1
—2
18 of 19 Board of Directors meetings
14 of 15 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
14 of 15 Board of Directors meetings1
10 of 10 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings1
         1. As Ms. Tahara and Mr. Kurahashi were appointed at the June 21, 2019 General Meeting of Shareholders, the numbers of meetings of the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board that they were eligible to attend differ from those for the other outside director and Audit & Supervisory Board member.
2. As Mr. Tanaka was appointed at the June 24, 2020 General Meeting of Shareholders, he did not attend meetings in fiscal 2020.
Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Compensation
Breakdown of Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Compensation
238 176 25 36 5
28 28 — — 2
69 69 — — 8
1. The above table includes one director, one Audit & Supervisory Board member, and three individuals who served as outside directors or Audit & Supervisory Board members who retired as of the conclusion of the June 21, 2019 General Meeting of Shareholders.
2. The above figure for stock incentives is the amount (¥25 million) recorded as costs for performance-linked stock incentives in fiscal 2020.
       Total Compensation (millions of yen)
Total Compensation by Type (millions of yen)
Number of Individuals Receiving Compensation
   Basic Compensation
Stock Incentives
Bonuses
       Directors (excluding outside directors)
  Audit & Supervisory Board Members (excluding outside members)
  Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
    Performance-Linked Compensation Plan
To clarify directors’ management responsibilities and enhance their incentives to improve corporate performance, Kanematsu has adopted a performance-linked compensation plan. Further- more, the May 9, 2018 Board of Directors meeting and June 22, 2018 General Meeting of Shareholders passed resolutions to introduce a performance-linked stock incentive plan employing a trust for Kanematsu’s directors (excluding outside directors).
The Company also implemented a similar performance-linked stock incentive plan for its executive officers. This plan is aimed at more closely linking director compensation with corporate perfor- mance and stock price and better motivating directors to improve corporate performance and enterprise value over the medium term by having directors share with other shareholders the potential benefits and risks of share price changes.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 47
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Internal Auditing
The Internal Auditing Department conducts internal audits of Kanematsu Corporation and its subsidiaries to ensure that proper accounting records are kept and to evaluate and oversee improvement and control activities to help make business execution more effective and efficient.
Internal Control System and Risk Management System
  Maintaining the Internal Control System
To comprehensively assess risks facing the Kanematsu Group, to comply with laws and regulations relating to operational effectiveness and efficiency and business activities, to protect its assets, and to ensure the reliability of its financial reporting, the Kanematsu Group has built an internal control system. To main- tain and advance the use of this system, we have also
Compliance
In light of the importance of corporate legal compliance, we have set up internal control systems for the Company and the Group as well as an Internal Control and Compliance Committee to implement said systems, seeking to strengthen our internal compliance system. In addition to preparing a Compliance
Diagram of the Kanematsu Group Compliance System
established the Internal Control and Compliance Committee. We develop, operate, assess, and improve internal controls related to financial reporting to ensure the correctness of the Group’s reporting in line with the internal control reporting sys- tems defined in the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law.
Handbook that covers all Group companies, we work to enhance awareness of and training on sensible behavioral ethics. The Group also maintains a hotline system that allows employ- ees to directly report to or consult with the Internal Control and Compliance Committee or an outside lawyer.
Instructions, Feedback Reports, Consultation
         Board of Directors Management Committee Auditor
       Internal Control and Compliance Committee
 Internal Control and Compliance Committee Members
 Promotion Office: Legal & Compliance Department
Marketing Area/Support Area
 Officers & Employees of Kanematsu Corporation
Departmental Compliance Officers
(Chief officers of business divisions and administrative departments)
 Compliance Officer (President or Head of Location)
 Officers & Employees of Group companies
        Elimination of Antisocial Forces
One of Kanematsu’s compliance commitments is to take a firm stand against and eschew all relationships with antisocial forces. To promote the elimination of antisocial forces, Kanematsu belongs to the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department’s Special Violence Prevention Countermeasures Association, cooperating closely on a regular basis by sharing
(For units that do not have a controlling division at Kanematsu Corporation)
Group Companies
*Sub-subsidiaries report through their immediate parent companies
(As of June 24, 2020)
information. The Human Resources & General Affairs Department is designated to coordinate Companywide response and information gathering to address any unreason- able demands from antisocial forces, and the Company main- tains a framework for responding in coordination with outside organizations, including the police and attorneys.
48 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

 Information Management System
With regard to information management, we have estab- lished standards for the custody, retention, and disposal of accounting records, balance sheets, agreements and con- tracts concerning the basic rights and obligations of Kanematsu, certificates related to properties, and other simi- lar documents.
As information is a valuable corporate asset, we have also formulated, and work to reinforce, rules on information secu- rity management with the aim of protecting and managing personal data and other information in line with compliance
Risk Management
With respect to business risks that may affect our operations, based on designated levels of authority, departments respon- sible for functions related to each type of risk establish inter- nal regulations along with detailed enforcement regulations and prepare operational guidelines while using training and other means to ensure thorough awareness of risk manage- ment. The Company also sets up cross-departmental commit- tees as necessary to control risks.
We have established an approval request system based on designated levels of authority for making judgements and
Quantifying and Monitoring Risk
The Kanematsu Group has laid out basic guidelines for con- trolling and managing risk in its Risk Management Guidelines. Based on said guidelines, we classify and define risks, then respond to each appropriately, aiming to minimize losses to the Kanematsu Group and achieve sound business growth and development.
The Group monitors quantifiable risks (market risk, credit risk, investment risk, country risk, etc.) by regularly measuring such risks and reporting the results to management. Specifically, to measure maximum possible losses (risk assets) we apply a proprietary weighting scheme corresponding to the potential loss risk to all assets included in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as well as off-balance sheet items.
Recently, to achieve more sophisticated capital manage- ment, we set an upper limit on the risk asset ratio, aiming to ensure a sound balance of risk assets and risk buffer (share- holder’s equity) and maintain a sound financial position while increasing enterprise value through business creation and rev- enue expansion.
Groupwide Activities
requirements.
With regard to security in the use of information systems,
the Group has established information security management rules aimed at preventing leaks and losses of important infor- mation and established standardized rules covering the use of PCs, networks, and e-mail to protect corporate and personal information. Furthermore, the Group continually reviews its systems framework aimed at enhancing security and operates and maintains said framework to ensure that security is main- tained at necessary and appropriate levels.
decisions about business risks. The Project Deliberation Committee considers important investments and loans, including their execution, continuance, and withdrawal, based on the comprehensive examination of relevant risks.
To address the risk of crises related to the occurrence of major events, such as natural disasters, we have put in place a system, including specific rules and manuals, to ensure the appropriate management of the Group at such extraordinary times.
  Risk Assets
(Billions of yen)
(Times)
140 120 100
80 60 40 20
125
131
0.7 0.6 0.5 0.4 0.3 0.2 0.1
 116
 92
100
  0.48
44
0.44
       44
0.40
46
0.33
41
0.30
40
     00
 FY2016
Risk assets (left)
FY2017 FY2018
Shareholders’ equity (left)
FY2019 FY2020
Risk-asset ratio (right)
  Group company presidents meet twice a year and at other times as necessary to share information on Groupwide business activi- ties. These meetings are aimed at ensuring mutual understanding and awareness with regard to corporate governance issues.
Disclosure
Kanematsu regards promptly, fairly and accurately disclosing important corporate information about management to sharehold- ers and all other stakeholders, institutional investors, analysts, and the media and ensuring transparency as a responsibility of man- agement. In addition to registering information with financial instruments exchanges, we disclose information through our website and engage actively in IR activities, including regular briefings for institutional investors and analysts and meetings.
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 49
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Messages from the Outside Directors
  Leveraging Intangible Assets to Further Increase Value
 Yuko Tahara
Outside Director
A year has passed since I took office as an outside director. In that time, Kanematsu has launched numerous new initiatives to improve its enterprise value and business results. To develop global professionals and cultivate management-level human resources, one of the priority initiatives of the future 135 medium-term vision, Kanematsu University kicked off classes in July 2019. In addition, the Company held diversity lectures, with many members of top management taking part. And, person- nel from across the Company launched the J-Project, aimed at fostering professional fulfillment, employee pride, and sustainable growth in the run up to the move of the Company’s head office to the JP Tower in Tokyo in 2022. The current head office has already introduced activity based working (ABW—a work style that allows employees to freely choose when and where they work) on a trial basis as part of efforts to change mindsets throughout the Company.
At Board of Directors and other meetings and in discussions with employees, I have keenly felt that the know-how and expertise Kanematsu has accumulated through the various businesses it undertakes around the world are one-of-a-kind intangible and intellectual assets that can be leveraged to create new businesses, enhance employee education and realize other benefits. Worldwide, the focus is increasingly on not only tangible assets, but the intangible assets that constitute the wellspring of new business creation. In my opinion, Kanematsu’s intellectual and human capital will be the keys enabling it to overcome the threat of the novel coronavirus. I will strive to implement corporate governance, including monitoring, with a proper balance of aggressive execution and careful oversight, keeping in mind the latest developments in Japan’s Corporate Governance Code, such as those related to digital transformation (DX), while working to further increase Kanematsu’s enterprise value.
  Going Back to Kanematsu’s Roots to Contribute through Business
 Kazuhiro Tanaka
Outside Director
Companies must contribute to the interests of their diverse stakeholders through their main business from a long-term perspective. Specifically, they must endeavor to provide employment and enhance employee benefits while steadily providing products and services that society needs, securing profit, and maintaining a robust financial base. The importance of these fundamentals has been brought into sharp relief by the impact of the novel coronavirus that the world now faces. I am sure that, over the more than 130 years since Kanematsu’s founder, Fusajiro Kanematsu, declared“ Let us sow and nurture the seeds of global prosperity,” Kanematsu has learned and practiced such fundamentals in many forms and fashions. This is evident in Kanematsu’s Guiding Principles, as well. At times like this, when the outlook is unclear, it is crucial to return to the basics while looking forward to progress and the achievement of the future 135 medium-term vision.
The central goal of corporate governance is to realize and encourage sound, vigorous corporate management, which ultimately depends on the ability of top management itself to rouse and elevate its sense of responsibility and mission. I believe that aiding and guiding management in this is a key role of an outside director. To that end, I intend to first prioritize building relationships of trust while maintaining productive tension with top management and asking penetrating questions from an outside perspective, with diverse stakeholders in mind. At the same time, I hope to consider and discuss how Kanematsu can implement corporate governance that is effective and best suited to its busi- nesses, corporate culture, and business environment.
50 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

Corporate Officers
(As of June 24, 2020)
Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
   Masayuki Shimojima
Chairman
1974 Joined Kanematsu- Gosho Ltd. 2010 President & CEO
2017 Chairman (incumbent)
Yoshiya Miyabe
Director
1983 Joined Kanematsu-Gosho Ltd.
2018 Director, Senior Managing Executive
Officer (incumbent)
Testuro Murao
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (full-time)
1976 Joined Kanematsu- Gosho Ltd. 2015 President, Shintoa Corporation 2019 Audit & Supervisory Board Member,
Kanematsu Corporation (incumbent)
Kaoru Tanigawa
President
1981 Joined Kanematsu- Gosho Ltd.
2015 Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer 2017 President (incumbent)
Tetsuro Tsutano
Director
1992 Joined Kanematsu Corporation 2017 Director, Executive Officer
2018 Director, Senior Executive Officer
(incumbent)
Motohisa Hirai
Audit & Supervisory Board Member (full-time)
1976 Joined Kanematsu- Gosho Ltd.
2014 Senior Managing Director, Kanematsu-
NNK Corporation (now Kanematsu
Sustech Corporation)
2020 Audit & Supervisory Board Member,
Kanematsu Corporation (incumbent)
Yuko Tahara
Director
1998 President and CEO, Basic Inc. (incumbent) 2012 Representative Director, Framework Promotion Association (incumbent)
2018 Outside Director & Member of the Audit and Supervisory Committee, Sanyo Homes Corporation (incumbent)
2019 Director, Kanematsu Corporation (incumbent) 2020 Visiting Professor, Advanced Academic
Institution, The Graduate School of Information & Communication (incumbent)
Tsukasa Miyachi
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
1970 Joined Chuo Audit Corporation
2007 Opens Miyachi public accounting firm
(incumbent)
2015 Audit & Supervisory Board Member,
Kanematsu Corporation (incumbent)
Kazuhiro Tanaka
Director
2010 Professor, Graduate School of Commerce and Management, Hitotsubashi University
2018 Professor, Graduate School of Business
Administration, Hitotsubashi University
(incumbent)
2019 Dean, Graduate School of Business Administration
and Faculty of Commerce and Management,
Hitotsubashi University (incumbent)
2020 Director, Kanematsu Corporation (incumbent)
Yusaku Kurahashi
Audit & Supervisory Board Member
2007 Registered as attorney at law and joined Nakamura, Tsunoda & Matsumoto
2015 Partner of Nakamura, Tsunoda & Matsumoto (incumbent)
2019 Audit & Supervisory Board Member, Kanematsu Corporation (incumbent)
2020 OutsideDirector(Audit&SupervisoryCommittee Member), UNITED ARROWS LTD. (incumbent)
                  1 Ms. Yuko Tahara and Mr. Kazuhiro Tanaka are outside directors.
2 Mr. Tsukasa Miyachi and Mr. Yusaku Kurahashi are outside Audit & Supervisory Board members.
3 Ms. Yuko Tahara, Mr. Kazuhiro Tanaka, Mr. Tsukasa Miyachi, and Mr. Yusaku Kurahashi are independent officers, as defined by the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
 Executive Officers
 President
Senior Managing Executive Officers
Managing Executive Officer Senior Executive Officers
Executive Officers
Kaoru Tanigawa Yoshiya Miyabe
ToshihideMotoshita Eiji Kan
Masayuki Hamasaki Masahiro Harada Kazuo Tanaka Tetsuro Tsutano Koichi Koizumi Ryoichi Kidokoro Osamu Iwata Hiroshi Yamashina YoichiroMuramatsu Jun Nakajima
Toru Hashimoto Koichi Nishimura
Chief Officer, Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Division,
General Manager, Osaka Branch; General Manager, Nagoya Branch; Chief Officer, Technologies and Business Collaboration
ChiefOfficer,CreditControl,LegalandCompliance Chief Officer, Steel, Materials & Plant Division Chief Officer, Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division Chief Officer, Electronics & Devices Division
Chief Officer, Human Resources & General Affairs, Traffic & Insurance Chief Officer, Finance, Accounting, Business Accounting
Deputy Chief Officer, Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Division President, Kanematsu USA Inc.
Deputy Chief Officer, Steel, Materials & Plant Division
President, Kanematsu GmbH; President, Kanematsu Europe PLC
ChiefOfficer,CorporatePlanning,ITPlanning
Deputy Chief Officer, Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff; General Manager, Grain & Feedstuff Dept
Chief Officer, Meat Products Division; General Manager, Meat Products Dept. No. 1; General Manager, Meat Products Dept. No. 2 Chief Officer, Foods Division
                  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 51
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Financial and ESG Highlights
(As of March 31)
For the year:
Revenue —————
Gross profit
Income (loss) before income taxes and minority interests/Profit before tax
Cash flows from operating activities
Free cash flow
Net income/Basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the Parent3
Cash dividends
Net D/E ratio (times)
74,104
8,407
26,441
7,292
¥ 8.44
—
76,905
13,030
7,827
25,149
33,101
¥21.93
—
JGAAP
    Net sales3
Operating income/Operating profit
Net income (loss)/Profit for the year 3 attributable to owners of the Parent
Cash flows from investing activities
At year-end:
Net assets/Total equity Net interest-bearing debt
Per share (yen):
Net assets/Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Financial indicators:
Equity ratio (%)
12,186
3,528 (19,149)
45,804 109,350
18,029
9,175 17,322
49,576 104,612
21,426
6,110 1,291
55,992 90,012
18,262
9,564 1,466
75,912 86,439
129.82
13.7
782 (242)
471.42 48.95
10 (0)
16.0 8.3
19,776
11,799 (1,111)
96,204 68,038
170.54
16.7
800 (246)
456.44 37.60
6 (1)
15.7 8.0
2010
¥861,277
2011
¥936,891
2012
¥1,006,365
80,900
13,529
15,822
17,113
39,008
¥14.60
—
2013
¥1,019,232
80,021
16,781
1,355
2,821
54,519
¥ 22.80
—
2014
¥1,114,539
86,402
19,075
22,384
21,273
         Total assets
Shareholders’ equity/Total equity attributable to owners of the Parent
398,629
28,916
388,676
399,753
399,186
428,459
71,657
    69.15 79.07 93.16
7.3 8.5 9.8
¥ 28.09
3.00
         Return on equity (ROE) (%)
13.10
3.8
29.59
3.2
16.95
2.3
20.45
1.6
18.70
0.9
         ESG* (Non-Financial) Data: *ESG: Short for environmental, social, and corporate governance.
Employees—consolidated
Employees—non-consolidated (women)
CO2 emissions (t-CO2)6, 7
External disposal of general waste (t)7 Directors (outside directors)8
Average length of service (years)
Average overtime worked (hours/month)
850 (264)
731.92 87.80
10 (0)
14.3 9.3
832 (250)
644.76 71.50
10 (0)
15.1 7.2
795 (238)
443.83 46.57
10 (0)
15.5 10.1
Percentage of women among employees—non-consolidated (%)
 Total paper use (sheets)7
Total electricity consumption (kWh)7
Audit & Supervisory Board members8 (outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
Three-year job separation rate (%)9
4,871
7,504,637
1,772,201
31
4 (3)
9.8
4,770
6,801,305
1,561,164
30
4 (3)
6.5
4,770
7,062,310
871,965
30
4 (3)
10.3
5,522
6,874,521
828,514
31
4 (3)
0
5,747
6,648,353
805,015
31
4 (2)
2.6
  Notes Fortheaboveitemswithtwotitles,thefirstappliestofiguresunderJGAAPandthesecondtofiguresunderIFRS.
1. Figuresareroundeddowntothenearestmillionyen.Percentageshavebeenroundedoff.
2. TheU.S.dollaramountsrepresentthearithmeticalresultsoftranslatingyentodollarsattherateof¥108.83toU.S.$1.00,theexchangerateprevailingonMarch31,
2020.
3. Net sales shown here for fiscal 2015 and after are based on accounting principles generally accepted in Japan, calculated as the sum of transactions in which the
Group acted as a party to the contract and transactions in which the Group acted as agent.
4. KanematsuexecutedashareconsolidationonOctober1,2017,ataratiooffivecommonsharestoone.Thecalculationoftheabovefiguresassumesthatsaidshare
consolidation was implemented on April 1, 2014.
5. Kanematsu executed a share consolidation on October 1, 2017, at a ratio of five common shares to one. The calculation of the above figure assumes that said share
consolidation was implemented on April 1, 2017. 52 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

 2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2020
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
87,880
86,238
100,139
106,371
110,014
110,904
1,019,064
22,373
18,122
17,875
26,043
29,177
26,944
247,580
6,758
33,024
11,852
434
24,698
24,259
222,916
  109
 28,810
 (2,839)
 1,537
 18,123
 14,044
 129,045
 466,314
443,592
479,717
519,889
549,459
551,671
5,069,110
90,244
91,599
100,357
116,012
125,246
130,829
1,202,144
 ¥ 125.494
¥ 106.464
¥ 95.644
¥ 193.794
¥ 198.22
¥ 172.43
$ 1.58
 4.00
 5.00
 6.00
 48.005
 60.00
 60.00
 0.55
  12.99
9.85
8.39
15.08
13.77
11.25
 0.8
 0.5
 0.6
 0.5
 0.4
 0.4
   6,002
5,832
6,727
6,666
6,915
7,182
31
32
33
33
34
34
6,645,797
6,087,765
6,256,363
5,920,960
5,510,121
4,919,786
682,717
735,174
768,166
772,137
690,378
659,534
4 (3)
4 (3)
4 (3)
4 (3)
4 (3)
4 (2)
 3.5
4.8
5.2
9.4
—
—
IFRS
   ¥704,211 23,547
10,546 (6,649)
119,015 72,155
1,072.204
19.4
813 (253)
377.54 33.40
7 (2)
15.5
8.8
¥668,374 18,772
8,959 (4,214)
120,706 48,813
1,088.454
20.6
816 (259)
392.58 31.90
7 (2)
13.8
8.1
¥675,579 22,633
8,049 (14,691)
129,863 55,429
1,192.214
20.9
835 (273)
398.68 32.70
8 (3)
15.4
11.6
¥714,790 26,160
16,317 1,103
147,050 59,045
1,377.664
22.3
842 (282)
400.74 29.50
8 (3)
15.5 12.1
¥723,849 30,349
16,605 (6,575)
158,698 49,969
1,499.86
22.8
765 (263)
358.31 35.00
6 (2)
15.0 12.5
Millions of yen1
¥721,802 28,352
14,399 (10,215)
166,174 51,807
1,566.60
23.7
775 (266)
304.05 27.20
6 (2)
14.0 17.5
Thousands of U.S. dollars2
$6,632,382 260,525
132,312 (93,871)
1,526,915 476,037
14.39
            6. The coefficients used to calculate the above figures are the most recent values published by the Japan Foreign Trade Council (originally published by the Electric Power Council for a Low Carbon Society via the Japan Business Federation).
7. The figures above are the totals for Kanematsu’s domestic locations on a non-consolidated basis and are subject to change due to changes in office space due to the consolidation of branches or sales offices, etc.
8. ThenumberfollowingtheGeneralMeetingofShareholders,aftertheyear-end.
9. ThepercentageofemployeeshiredintheyearinquestionwhohadlefttheGroupasofthreeyearslater(forexample,ofthe42employeeshired
in April 2015, 2 had left the Group as of April 2018, so the rate for the year ended March 31, 2016 is calculated as (2/42)×100).
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 53
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Business Results
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, revenue declined ¥2,047 million (0.3%) from the previous fiscal year to ¥721,802 million. Gross profit increased ¥890 million (0.8%) from the previous fiscal year to ¥110,904 million. Operating profit decreased ¥1,997 mil- lion (6.6%) from the previous fiscal year to ¥28,352 million, reflect- ing an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses. Profit before tax decreased ¥2,233 million (7.7%) from the previ- ous fiscal year to ¥26,944 million, reflecting a slight increase in finance costs. Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Parent decreased ¥2,206 million (13.3%) from the previous fiscal year to ¥14,399 million. As a result, return on equity (ROE) calcu- lated on the basis of total equity attributable to owners of the Parent (shareholders’ equity) came to 11.2%.
Segment Information
Results for each business segment are described below.
Electronics & Devices
Performance in the ICT solutions business was strong, reflecting IT investment demand for servers and storage, mainly in the manu- facturing and logistics industries as well as in the virtualization and security fields. Performance in the mobile business was solid, due to improved efficiency in store operations and increased business with corporate customers. Results in the semiconductor and LCD manufacturing equipment business were impacted by measures to address the spread of the novel coronavirus in China.
agricultural product trading was firm, supported by procurement of ingredients and product development well matched to con- sumer needs. The meat products business enjoyed firm perfor- mance, despite fluctuations in market prices due to instability in the global supply balance.
As a result, in the Foods, Meat & Grain segment, revenue increased ¥6,544 million year on year to ¥251,403 million, but operating profit fell ¥1,570 million to ¥2,381 million.
Steel, Materials & Plant
The energy business recovered from difficult conditions caused by a steep drop in crude oil prices in the previous fiscal year and recorded solid trading results, mainly in Japan. The chemicals busi- ness also saw firm performance, mainly in pharmaceuticals. In con- trast, the oilfield tubing business continued to slow, reflecting low crude oil prices. In the machine tools and industrial machinery business, overseas trading, especially in China and the United States, was sluggish. The plant and infrastructure business saw a decrease in revenue due to a halt in shipments to the Middle East.
As a result, revenue in the Steel, Materials & Plant segment decreased ¥9,578 million year on year to ¥129,858 million. Operating profit decreased ¥618 million to ¥3,819 million.
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
In the aerospace business, performance in the mainstay aircraft parts business was firm. The motor vehicles and parts business was also firm overall, but recorded a decrease in revenue due to a halt of shipments to the Middle East.
As a result, revenue in the Motor Vehicles & Aerospace seg- ment increased ¥12,542 million year on year to ¥74,605 million. Operating profit fell ¥166 million to ¥2,383 million.
Other
In other, revenue decreased ¥542 million year on year to ¥11,418 million. Operating profit declined ¥31 million to ¥819 million.
    As a result, revenue in the Electronics & Devices segment fell ¥11,014 million year on year to ¥254,516 million, but operating profit increased ¥430 million to ¥18,963 million.
Foods, Meat & Grain
  The feedstuff business faced challenging conditions, reflecting weak performance in businesses related to pets and animal feed- stuff for marine product farming, despite continued strong perfor- mance in food soybeans and rice. In the food business, processed
Revenue
(Millions of yen) 800,000
668,374 675,579
Operating Profit
Profit for the Year Attributable to Owners of the Parent / Basic Earnings per Share
(Millions of yen) 35,000
(Millions of yen) 20,000
15,000
106.46* 10,000 95.64* 8,959
8,049
5,000
5,000 0000
(Yen) 198.22 200
    714,790 723,849 721,802
193.79
  30,000 25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000
30,349
16,605
172.43
14,399 150 100
50
        600,000
400,000
200,000
26,160
28,352
16,317
     22,633
 18,772
              FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
54 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
Profit for the Year Attributable to Owners of the Parent
Basic Earnings per Share
* Kanematsu executed a share consolidation on October 1, 2017, at a ratio of five shares to one. The calculation of the above figures assumes that said share consolidation was implemented on April 1, 2015.

 Analysis of Financial Status
Assets, Liabilities and Net Assets
Total assets at the end of the fiscal year under review increased ¥2,212 million from the end of the previous fiscal year to ¥551,671 million.
Current assets decreased ¥17,687 million from the end of the previous fiscal year to ¥426,756 million, reflecting a decrease in trade and other receivables. Non-current assets increased ¥19,899 million year on year to ¥124,915 million, due to an increase in property, plant and equipment as a result of the application of IFRS 16 “Leases” (IFRS 16) and increases in goodwill, intangible assets, and the balance of equity-method investments due to new investments, despite a decrease in other investments as a result of decreases in stock prices.
Total liabilities decreased ¥5,263 million year on year to ¥385,497 million, mainly due to a decrease in trade and other pay- ables, despite an increase in lease liabilities due to the application of IFRS 16.
Total equity attributable to owners of the Parent increased ¥5,583 million to ¥130,829 million, reflecting the recording of retained earnings, despite a decrease in other components of equity due to the strong yen and low stock prices.
As a result, the equity ratio at the end of the fiscal year under review was 23.7%. The net D/E ratio stood at 0.4 times.
Cash Flows
In the year under review, net cash provided by operating activities totaled ¥24,259 million. Net cash used in investing activities amounted to ¥10,215 million. Net cash used in financing activities amounted to ¥11,590 million. As a result, after the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, cash and cash equivalents at the end of the fiscal year under review stood at ¥91,105 million, up ¥2,164 million from the end of the previous fiscal year.
Fundraising
The Kanematsu Group carries out fundraising in line with a basic policy of stably procuring funds at low cost as needed to realize
sustainable growth in line with its six-year medium-term vision,
future 135.
The Group raises funds primarily through indirect financing based on good relations with its main banks, regional banks, life and non-life insurers, and other financial institutions. Kanematsu also raises funds from capital markets by issuing straight corpo- rate bonds as a means of long-term capital procurement. At the end of the fiscal period under review, debt procurement through direct financing accounted for 10% of consolidated interest-bear- ing debt.
To facilitate capital procurement, Kanematsu receives ratings from Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. (JCR) and Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I). The Group’s long-term ratings as of the end of the fiscal year under review are BBB+ (positive) from JCR and BBB (positive) from R&I.
To secure liquidity on hand, the Group maintains an ample bal- ance of cash and cash equivalents and has established commit- ment lines with major financial institutions.
To efficiently procure capital on a consolidated basis, the Group has adopted a cash management system under which fundraising for major domestic subsidiaries and affiliates is concentrated at the Parent Company and proceeds are then allocated in response to capital requirements. At the end of the fiscal period under review, the Company’s interest-bearing debt accounted for 66% of the consolidated Group’s interest-bearing debt, a reflection of the concentration of fund procurement at the Parent Company.
As a result of the above fundraising activities, at the end of the fiscal period under review, gross interest-bearing debt stood at ¥143,394 million, an increase of ¥3,890 million from the end of the previous fiscal year. Net interest-bearing debt stood at ¥51,807 million, up ¥1,838 million from the end of the previous fiscal year. As a result, the net D/E ratio stood at 0.4, and Kanematsu’s finan- cial position remained sound.
Corporate bonds and long-term borrowings (including the cur- rent portion of corporate bonds and long-term borrowings) accounted for 63% of the balance of interest-bearing debt at the end of the fiscal year under review (or 89% on a non-consolidated basis). As such, Kanematsu’s fundraising was stable.
   Net Interest-Bearing Debt*1 / Net D/E Ratio*2
(Millions of yen)
(Times)
1.5
1.0
0.5
Total Equity / Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent per Share (Millions of yen)
200,000
(Yen) 1,500
1,500
1,000
500
Total Equity Attributable to Owners of
the Parent / Ratio of Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent
(Millions of yen)
140,000
60,000
40,000
20,000
59,045
(%)
35 30 25 20 15 10
        48,813
158,698
1,499.86
116,012
55,429
125,246
130,829
49,969 51,807
166,174
1566.60
120,000 100,000 80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
Total Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent Ratio of Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 55
      150,000
100,000
50,000
147,050
1,377.66
100,357
     120,706
1,088.45
129,863
1,192.21*
91,599
      0.5
0.6
0.5
0.4
*
20.6
20.9
22.3
22.8
23.7
    00
FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
00 FY2016 FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020
Total Equity
Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent per Share
* Kanematsuexecutedashareconsolidationon October 1, 2017, at a ratio of five shares to one. The calculation of the above figures assumes that said share consolidation was implemented on April 1, 2015.
5 00
   Net Interest-Bearing Debt
Net D/E Ratio
*1 Net interest-bearing debt = Interest-bearing debt –Cash and cash equivalents
*2 Net D/E ratio = Net interest-bearing debt / Total equity attributable to owners of the Parent
0.4
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Business Risks
Below are details of the risks that could affect the business performance and financial position of the Group. The forward-looking statements below are based on information available as of June 24, 2020.
The Group takes all risk that it faces on a daily basis in the course of its business very seriously. Risk control is undertaken through management mechanisms and methods tailored to the nature of each category of risk.
 Risk of Macro Economic Change
The Group is engaged in wide-ranging global businesses, includ- ing the trading of goods, business investment, and the provision of services in and outside Japan. As such, economic deceleration in Japan, the United States, China, Europe, emerging nations in Asia, or in the global economy as a whole could cause demand to stag- nate, leading to decreases in sales and significant drops in market prices. Such developments could negatively affect the Group’s operating results and financial position.
Market Risk
Many of the risks related to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, interest rates, and the product prices attendant to the Group’s business transactions are hedged against in the terms of transactions agreed upon with its business partners. In addition, individual internal units and Group companies set position limits and loss limits based on risk level and revenue for foreign currency exchange, interest rates on fund procurement, inventories, and their derivative products so that if these limits are exceeded, the Group can promptly reduce its position. Furthermore, the Group utilizes derivatives as hedging instruments to reduce the risk of fluctuation in the prices of such positions. The status of these posi- tions is regularly reported to the Management Committee. When a position limit is exceeded, it is promptly analyzed before the position in question is reduced.
Foreign Currency Risk
Incidental to its export and import trading, the Group is engaged in foreign currency transactions in a number of currencies and under a variety of terms. The Group participates in derivatives transactions such as forward contracts to reduce the risk of curren- cy fluctuations.
The Group also includes local subsidiaries and business corpo- rations overseas. Account balances at these companies are con- verted into yen at the exchange rates prevailing at the time of account closing for the purposes of preparing consolidated finan- cial statements. Total equity attributable to owners of the Parent may thus change as a result of translation adjustments related to overseas operations due to exchange rate fluctuations. This could affect the Group’s operating results and financial standing.
Interest Rate Risk
The Group raises the majority of funds needed for operating and financing activities in the form of borrowings from financial insti- tutions at variable interest rates, with the exception of certain loans. Such borrowings and fund management are exposed to interest rate risk, as interest paid by the Group may increase due to a rise in interest rates.
In its asset-liability management, the Group regards the portion of its short-term investments, long-term assets, and other non- interest-sensitive assets that are procured at variable interest rates as constituting its position subject to interest rate risk. The Group uses interest rate swaps to avoid interest rate risk related to bor- rowings, thereby reducing the interest rate risk pertaining to a por- tion of this position. However, the impact of interest rate fluctuations cannot be avoided completely and may affect the Group’s operating performance and financial standing.
Risk Related to Supply and Demand and Prices of Goods
In its mainstay commodity trading business in Japan and overseas, the Group deals with grains, meat products, petroleum products and other products that are readily influenced by market conditions. Although the Group uses commodity futures trading to reduce the risk of price fluctuations of certain goods, when its positions vis-à-vis such commodities increase, such factors as rapid movements in commodities prices or declines in demand may lead to unexpected losses and impact the Group’s operating performance.
Price Fluctuation Risk of Marketable Securities, etc.
The Group may hold shares in trade partners as means of strength- ening its relationship with them. There is a risk of price fluctuation
inherent in these shares, which could have an effect on the finan- cial position of the Group due to changes in financial assets mea- sured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
Credit Risk
The Group extends credit in a number of forms, including accounts receivable, advance payments, loans, and guarantees, as part of diverse business transactions with its trading partners in Japan and abroad. For this reason, deterioration in the financial standing of its trading partners or other such circumstances may result in late repayment or default. In the course of forming and carrying out commodity supply agreements, subcontract agreements, or other agreements, the Group could also be forced to honor obligations and thereby incur a monetary loss if a trade partner were to default on its obligation or contract. Although the Group has set aside an allowance for such losses in its accounting using certain estimates, an additional loss could arise if the loss exceeds the scope of the allowance. This could negatively impact the Group’s operating performance.
For the purposes of extending credit to trading partners in Japan and abroad, the Group regularly rates its trading partners based on their financial data and other information. It sets credit limits based on these ratings and the type of credit in question and insures credit where necessary. The Group ensures that total credit extended stays within these credit limits. Such credit includes transactional credit arising from normal business transactions as well as that related to financing, guarantees, and other activities. The Group periodically monitors credit collection and delinquency status and takes steps to protect its interests as needed. However, these control efforts are not a guarantee that credit risk will be entirely avoided. Furthermore, if a business partner’s credit wors- ens, the Group will reduce its dealings with said partner or take steps to protect its receivables. Moreover, the Group establishes resolution policies for use if such a partner were to go bankrupt. In these ways, the Group strives to collect receivables. However, if receivables or other forms of credit become unrecoverable, the Group’s operating performance may be negatively affected.
Country Risk
The Group engages in transactions, loans, and investments in other countries. The collection of receivables may be delayed or rendered impossible as a result of political or economic develop- ments in these countries. To minimize losses that could arise should a country risk be realized, the Group regularly sets limits based on ratings given to each country and region according to the scale of their respective country risk and avoids overexposure to any particular country or region. The Group takes such steps as enrolling in trade insurance programs as warranted by ratings and project details in an attempt to minimize recovery risks. However, continuing relevant businesses and transactions may be difficult if such risks actualize in certain countries and regions, potentially affecting the business results of the Group.
Business Investment Risk
Under the future 135 medium-term vision, the Group aims for sus- tainable growth in business fields where it has stable earnings structures while securing scale expansion and added value through effective and appropriate business investment in areas of strength.
The Group establishes investment criteria for these business investments, with a focus mainly on investing in areas of strength. Based on their objectives, content, business profitability estimated on a cash flow basis, and evaluations and analyses of risk factors, these investments are deliberated by the corporate areas. Major projects over a certain size are deliberated by the Project Deliberation Committee. Investments are made after establishing criteria for business withdrawal, following which the Project Deliberation Committee regularly reevaluates and reviews their business potential and investment value to minimize any loss. However, the value of business investments may fluctuate
        56 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

according to the financial condition of the investment targets and the success or failure of the business.
Local laws and relationships with partners may prevent the Group from executing its policy for operating or withdrawing from a business, leading to the loss of part or all of the investment, or to a need to provide additional funding. This may negatively affect the Group’s operating performance.
Risk of Impairment on Long-Term Assets
The Group’s property, plant and equipment, goodwill, and intangi- ble assets are exposed to impairment risk. As necessary, if the value of such an asset decreases, the Group records said decline as impair- ment, which may affect its operating performance. In particular, under the future 135 medium-term vision, the Group seeks growth through business investment and, accordingly, its goodwill and identifiable intangible assets may increase as a result of corporate mergers going forward.
Fundraising Risk
The Group procures business capital via borrowings from financial institutions in and outside Japan, corporate bonds, and other means. The Group strives to maintain good business relationships with financial institutions and effective asset-liability management as well as to minimize liquidity risk by fundraising as warranted by its asset holdings. However, disorder in financial markets, a major downgrading of the Company’s credit ratings from a ratings insti- tution, or other such developments could constrain the Group’s fundraising ability or increase fundraising costs.
Legal Risk Related to Changes in Laws
The business activities undertaken by the Group are subject to a wide range of legal regulations in Japan and other countries. The Group takes the utmost care to abide by these regulations and may become unable to continue certain transactions because of factors such as unexpected changes in laws, changes in export and import regulations, including punitive tariffs introduced unilateral- ly following changes in the international political environment, and changes in regulations, such as requirements for permits and licenses related to the sale and handling of products. In addition, lawsuits or orders issued by the relevant authorities in relation to such developments may result in unexpected expenses for the Group. This risk also includes the risk of changes in tax rates or tax arrangements imposed by the relevant authorities or between countries under international taxation arrangements. Changes in legal systems could thus influence the operating results and finan- cial position of the Group.
Legal Risk Related to Lawsuits and Disputes
The Group’s business operations and associated assets and liabili- ties may become subject in various ways to legal proceedings, including lawsuits, or other disputes in the course of business activities undertaken in Japan and overseas. Such lawsuits and other disputes are generally unpredictable, and resolving them is often very time-consuming. Furthermore, any prediction of their results involves uncertainty. If such lawsuits or disputes arise and lead to unexpected outcomes, the Group’s operating results and financial position may be affected.
Compliance and Improper Conduct Risk
The Group operates businesses to buy, sell, and provide a broad array of products and services in Japan and overseas and carefully monitors laws and regulations, including those related to security export control and other aspects of exporting and importing, that are established and enforced for these products and services both domestically and abroad.
To ensure comprehensive monitoring of relevant laws and compliance, the Company has established the Internal Control and Compliance Committee, which implements regular reviews of compliance maintenance and responds to sudden issues. However, it is difficult to ensure the completely consistent execu- tion of related procedures across the Group’s wide range of trad- ing operations, which often involve multiple parties. Although the Group has in place a number of measures to prevent violations, there is a risk that these may fail to prevent a legal violation or
instance of improper conduct. If such violation or conduct is mate- rial, the operating results and financial position of the Group could be affected.
Information Security Risk
The Group builds and operates information systems for sharing information and streamlining its operations. The Group has adopted information security control rules and takes thoroughgoing steps to realize effective crisis control response to ensure the safety of its information system operations. However, information systems can- not be made entirely invulnerable to the unauthorized disclosure of sensitive business information or personal information as a result of unauthorized access, computer viruses or other threats, nor to inop- erability due to such factors as natural disasters, destruction of infor- mation system facilities attributable to accidents and other causes, and communication line problems. Such issues may reduce the effi- ciency of operations that depend on information systems and, depending on the scale of damage, seriously affect the business results and financial position of the Group.
Disaster Risk
In the event of an earthquake, major storm, flood, or other natu- ral disaster or extreme weather event, outbreak of influenza, novel coronavirus, or other infectious disease, a major accident, an act of terrorism, a riot, or other unforeseen circumstance, the Group’s employees and assets, such as systems, facilities and equipment, including offices, warehouses, and manufacturing plants in Japan and overseas, may be impacted, impairing busi- ness or production activities. The Group also owns cargo being stored or transported in and outside Japan for business transac- tions. Such assets may be damaged or deteriorate as a result of natural disasters, accidents, or other developments, and the businesses of the Group may be suspended due to such develop- ments as earthquakes, fires, floods, and riots. The Group takes steps to mitigate such risk, including the adoption of employee safety confirmation systems, formulation of disaster manuals and business continuity plans (BCPs), measures to protect build- ings, facilities, and systems from earthquake damage (including data backup), disaster readiness training, preparation of stocks of necessary supplies, and coordination and information sharing with business locations and affiliates in and outside Japan. Nevertheless, depending on the extent of the damage, such inci- dents may affect the operating results and financial position of the Group.
In response to the global novel coronavirus pandemic, the Group is implementing a variety of measures to minimize infection among the Group and its stakeholders as well as business continu- ity risk. These include staggered commuting and telecommuting, restrictions on domestic and international business travel and transfers, spreading awareness of infection prevention measures, and monitoring developments in various regions through its domestic and international network. In particular, the Group’s pol- icy is to have all employees work remotely, in principle, when a rel- evant government body issues stay-at-home orders or declares a state of emergency. The Group will continue working to prevent the spread of infection based on the policies, action plans, and requests of government authorities.
Risk of Climate Change and Social and Environmental Problems
The Kanematsu Group is engaged in business activities across a wide range of fields in and outside Japan, and its ability to continue such activities may be limited by the impact of climate change or worsening social, environmental, or other such problems. Furthermore, environmental pollution, labor problems, or other such issues arising from the Group’s businesses may lead to the sus- pension of business, costs for removing pollution or the payment of damages, or a decline in the Group’s social standing.
The Group has designated and promotes awareness of key issues to address in its corporate activities (responding to changes in market characteristics, mutual development with local communities, consideration of the global environment, enhancing governance, and promoting respect for human rights, human resource develop- ment, and diversity). The Group has also established a Sustainability Management Committee as a part of a system for proactively solv- ing issues. Nevertheless, unforeseen circumstances or developments may affect the operating results and financial position of the Group.
          KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 57
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
(Assets)
I. Current assets
1. Cash and cash equivalents (Note 27) 2. Trade and other receivables (Note 8) 3. Inventories (Note 9)
4. Other financial assets (Note 30)
5. Other current assets (Note 14) Total current assets
JPY USD (Note 2)
 2020
  2019
  2020
 88,941 227,300 96,232 3,546 28,420
91,105
837,132
204,920
1,882,938
100,766
925,910
5,383
49,471
24,580
 225,860
 426,756
  444,443
 3,921,311
 22,090 8,810 23,051 6,867 1,449 32,416 4,216 2,609 3,504
40,756
374,498
10,304
94,684
23,382
214,850
7,506
68,972
1,428
13,126
28,279
259,847
7,370
67,721
2,761
25,371
3,126
 28,732
 124,915
  105,016
 1,147,800
 551,671
 549,459
 5,069,110
      II. Non-current assets
1. Property, plant and equipment (Notes 2 & 10)
2. Goodwill (Note 11)
3. Intangible assets (Note 11)
4. Investments accounted for using the equity method (Note 12) 5. Trade and other receivables (Note 8)
6. Other investments (Note 13)
7. Other financial assets (Note 30)
8. Deferred tax assets (Note 29)
9. Other non-current assets (Note 14)
Total non-current assets
Total assets
   (Notes) Presentation of fiscal year and amounts (Japanese Yen and U.S. dollars)
1. “2020” refers to the Company’s consolidated fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 and the other fiscal year is referred to in the corresponding manner. 2. “JPY” means millions of Japanese Yen and “USD” means thousands of U.S. dollars.
58 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

JPY
USD (Note 2)
 2020
  2019
  2020
 196,054 74,316 370 5,722 3,469 189 32,321
172,922
1,588,920
68,164
626,341
6,303
57,919
4,614
42,398
3,393
31,186
30
284
29,073
 267,150
 284,503
 312,443
 2,614,197
 65,188 670 1,966 6,555 1,368 1,362 1,205
 75,229
691,257
11,251
103,390
2,063
18,959
6,779
62,292
1,914
17,596
2,385
21,918
1,369
 12,586
 100,994
 78,317
 927,998
 385,497
390,760
27,781 26,882 60,748
(1,318)
1,865 9,580
(293)
 3,542,196
27,781
255,271
26,957
247,702
69,540
638,981
(1,309)
(12,037)
930
8,547
6,816
62,639
113
 1,041
 7,860
 11,153
72,227
 130,829
 125,246
 1,202,144
 35,344
  33,451
  324,771
 166,174
 158,698
 1,526,915
 551,671
 549,459
 5,069,110
    (Liabilities)
I. Current liabilities
1. Trade and other payables (Note 15) 2. Bonds and borrowings (Note 16)
3. Lease liabilities (Notes 2 & 31)
4. Other financial liabilities (Note 30) 5. Income taxes payable
6. Provisions (Note 17)
7. Other current liabilities (Note 18) Total current liabilities
II. Non-current liabilities
1. Bonds and borrowings (Note 16)
2. Lease liabilities (Notes 2 & 31)
3. Other financial liabilities (Note 30)
4. Retirement benefit liabilities (Note 28) 5. Provisions (Note 17)
6. Deferred tax liabilities (Note 29)
7. Other non-current liabilities (Note 18) Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities
(Equity)
1. Share capital (Note 19)
2. Capital surplus (Note 19)
3. Retained earnings (Note 19)
4. Treasury stock (Note 19)
5. Other components of equity (Note 26)
1) Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 2) Financial assets measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income
3) Cash flow hedges
Total other components of equity
Total equity attributable to owners of the Parent
6. Non-controlling interests Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
          KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 59
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Consolidated Statement of Income and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income: (a) Consolidated Statement of Income
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
I. Revenue (Notes 6 & 7)
II. Cost of sales
Gross profit
III. Selling, general and administrative expenses (Note 20) IV. Other income (expenses)
1. Gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net (Note 21)
2. Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (Note 22)
3. Other income
4. Other expenses
Total other income (expenses)
Operating profit (Note 7)
V. Finance income
1. Interest income (Note 24)
2. Dividend income (Note 24) Total finance income
VI. Finance costs
1. Interest expenses (Note 24)
2. Other finance costs (Notes 24 & 30)
Total finance costs
VII. Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method (Note 12)
Profit before tax
Income tax expense (Note 29) Profit for the year
Profit for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Parent Non-controlling interests Total
Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Parent:
Basic earnings per share (Note 25) Diluted earnings per share (Note 25)
JPY
USD (Note 2)
 2020
  2019
  2020
 721,802
723,849 (613,834)
 6,632,382
(610,897)
 (5,613,318)
 110,904
110,014 (80,393)
(238)
(111)
2,669 (1,592)
1,019,064
(82,716)
(760,056)
(118)
(1,093)
(551)
(5,068)
1,958
18,000
(1,123)
 (10,322)
 165
 727
 1,517
 28,352
30,349
371 1,189
 260,525
271
2,495
1,143
 10,511
 1,415
 1,561
(2,662) (434)
13,006
(2,761)
(25,372)
(452)
 (4,161)
 (3,214)
 (3,096) 363
(29,532)
389
3,581
 26,944
 29,177 (8,728)
 247,580
(8,710)
 (80,036)
 18,233
 20,449
 167,544
 16,605 3,844
 14,399
132,312
3,834
 35,231
 18,233
  20,449
 167,544
              Yen
U.S. dollars
   60 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
172.43
172.28
198.22 198.15
1.58
1.58

Consolidated Statement of Income and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income: (b) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
I. Profit for the year
II. Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: 1. Financial assets measured at fair value through
other comprehensive income (Note 26)
2. Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans (Note 26)
3. Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted
for using the equity method (Note 26)
Total items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
1. Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (Note 26) 2. Cash flow hedges (Notes 26 & 30)
3. Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted
for using the equity method (Note 26)
Total items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax Total comprehensive income for the year
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Parent Non-controlling interests Total
JPY
USD (Note 2)
 2020
  2019
  2020
 18,233
20,449
(3,031) 199
(23)
167,544
(2,939)
(27,009)
(24)
(226)
(8)
(80)
 (2,972)
 (2,855)
948 584
(19)
 (27,315)
(1,105)
(10,161)
403
3,709
(27)
(251)
 (729)
  1,514
  (6,703)
 (3,702)
(1,341)
(34,019)
 14,531
 19,108
  133,525
 15,003 4,104
 10,927
100,406
3,604
 33,119
 14,531
  19,108
 133,525
           KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 61
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
As of April 1, 2018 27,781 26,810 Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Restated balance at the beginning of the financial year 27,781 26,810 Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income for the year — — Dividends (Note 19)
Dividends to non-controlling interests
Acquisition of treasury stock
Disposition of treasury stock 8 Equity transactions with non-controlling interests (0) Share-based payment transaction (Note 36) 64
Total transactions with owners — 72
Reclassification from other components of equity to retained earnings (Note 26)
As of March 31, 2019 27,781 26,882 Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Restated balance at the beginning of the financial year 27,781 26,882 Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income for the year — — Dividends (Note 19)
Dividends to non-controlling interests
Acquisition of treasury stock
Disposition of treasury stock (0) Equity transactions with non-controlling interests 31 Share-based payment transaction (Note 36) 42
Total transactions with owners — 74
Reclassification from other components of equity to retained earnings (Note 26)
As of March 31, 2020 27,781 26,957
48,559 (193) (61)
As of April 1, 2018
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Restated balance at the beginning of the financial year Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income for the year Dividends (Note 19)
Dividends to non-controlling interests Acquisition of treasury stock Disposition of treasury stock
Equity transactions with non-controlling interests
Share-based payment transaction (Note 36)
Total transactions with owners
Reclassification from other components of equity to retained earnings (Note 26)
As of March 31, 2019
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Restated balance at the beginning of the financial year Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income for the year Dividends (Note 19)
Dividends to non-controlling interests Acquisition of treasury stock Disposition of treasury stock
Equity transactions with non-controlling interests
Share-based payment transaction (Note 36)
Total transactions with owners
Reclassification from other components of equity to retained earnings (Note 26)
As of March 31, 2020
Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans
—
—
137 137
— (137)
—
—
(17) (17)
— 17 —
Total equity attributable to Total other components owners of
of equity the Parent
13,055 116,012 — (61)
13,055 115,951 — 16,605
(1,601) (1,601) (1,601) 15,003
— (4,655) — — — (1,128) — 12 — (0) — 64 — (5,708)
(300) —
11,153 125,246 — — 11,153 125,246 — 14,399
(3,472) (3,472) (3,472) 10,927
— (5,428) — — — (5) — 14 — 31 — 42 — (5,344)
179 — 7,860 130,829
Non-controlling interests 31,037
31,037 3,844 260 4,104
(1,689)
(0) (1,690)
33,451
33,451 3,834
(229) 3,604
(1,891)
179 (1,711)
35,344
166,174
62 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
Share Capital capital surplus
Retained earnings
Treasury stock
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
1,275 1,275 589
589
—
1,865 1,865
Financial assets measured at
fair value through other comprehensive income
12,684 12,684
(2,940) (2,940)
— (163)
9,580
9,580
Other components of equity
Equity attributable to owners of the Parent
(JPY)
Cash flow hedges
(905)
(905)
612 612
—
(293)
(293)
406 406
—
113 (JPY)
Total equity
147,050 (61)
146,989 20,449
(1,341) 19,108
(4,655) (1,689) (1,128)
12 (1)
64 (7,398)
—
158,698 — 158,698 18,233
(3,702) 14,531
(5,428) (1,891) (5)
14 211 42
(7,056) —
48,498 16,605
16,605 (4,655)
(4,655) 300 60,748
60,748 14,399
14,399 (5,428)
(5,428) (179)
69,540
(193) —
(1,128) 4
(1,124)
(1,318) (1,318)
—
(5) 14
8 (1,309)
(935) (2,926) (935) (2,926)
—— 162
Equity attributable to owners of the Parent
930
6,816
Other components of equity

 Equity attributable to owners of the Parent
(USD)
Cash flow hedges
(2,694)
 Other components of equity
  As of March 31, 2019
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Restated balance at the beginning of the financial year Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income for the year Dividends (Note 19)
Dividends to non-controlling interests Acquisition of treasury stock Disposition of treasury stock
Equity transactions with non-controlling interests
Share-based payment transaction (Note 36)
Total transactions with owners
Reclassification from other components of equity to retained earnings (Note 26)
As of March 31, 2020
As of March 31, 2019
Cumulative effects of changes in accounting policies
Restated balance at the beginning of the financial year Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income for the year Dividends (Note 19)
Dividends to non-controlling interests Acquisition of treasury stock Disposition of treasury stock
Equity transactions with non-controlling interests
Share-based payment transaction (Note 36)
Total transactions with owners
Reclassification from other components of equity to retained earnings (Note 26)
As of March 31, 2020
Share Capital capital surplus
255,271 247,018
Retained earnings
558,194
Treasury stock
(12,118)
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
17,143
Financial assets measured at
fair value through other comprehensive income
88,036
                            255,271
247,018
558,194
(12,118)
17,143
88,036
(2,694)
          132,312
                                           (8,596)
     (26,889)
       3,735
     —
—
132,312
—
(8,596)
(26,889)
3,735
          (49,877)
                                          (50)
                (0)
    131
                       289
                                   395
      —
         684
      (49,877)
      81
      —
     —
       —
     (1,648)
1,491
 255,271
  247,702
  638,981
  (12,037)
  8,547
  62,639
  1,041
                                         Other components of equity
Total equity attributable to owners of
the Parent
1,150,849
Equity attributable to owners of the Parent
(USD)
Total equity
1,458,226
  Remeasurement of defined benefit pension plans
—
Total other components of equity
102,484
Non-controlling interests
307,377
          —
   —
      —
  —
102,484
1,150,849
307,377
1,458,226
        —
  132,312
  35,231
  167,544
      (157)
  (31,906)
  (31,906)
  (2,112)
  (34,019)
      (157)
  (31,906)
  100,406
  33,119
  133,525
        —
  (49,877)
    (49,877)
               —
      —
      (17,376)
      (17,376)
   —
(50)
(50)
        —
  131
    131
        —
  289
  1,651
  1,940
        —
  395
    395
      —
         —
      (49,111)
      (15,725)
      (64,836)
   157
1,648
—
—
 —
  72,227
  1,202,144
  324,771
  1,526,915
                                        KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 63
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
I. Cash flows from operating activities
Profit for the year
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets Finance income and costs
Share of (profit) loss of investments accounted for using the equity method
(Gain) loss on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net
Income tax expense
(Increase) decrease in trade and other receivables (Increase) decrease in inventories
Increase (decrease) in trade and other payables Increase (decrease) in retirement benefits liabilities Other (Note 6)
Subtotal
Interest received Dividends received Interest paid Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
II. Cash flows from investing activities
Payments for property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment
Payments for intangible assets
Purchases of other investments
Proceeds from sale of other investments
Purchases of other financial assets
Proceeds from sale of other financial assets
Proceeds from (payments for) acquisition of subsidiaries (Notes 5 & 27) Proceeds from transfer of business (Note 27)
Increase in loans receivable
Proceeds from collection of loans receivable
Payments for leasehold deposits (Note 2)
Other
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
III. Cash flows from financing activities
Increase (decrease) in short-term (maturing before 3 months) borrowings, net (Note 27)
Proceeds from short-term (maturing after 3 months) borrowings (Note 27) Repayments of short-term (maturing after 3 months) borrowings (Note 27)
Proceeds from long-term borrowings (Note 27)
Repayments of long-term borrowings (Note 27)
Redemption of Bonds (Note 27)
Dividends paid
Proceeds from stock issuance to non-controlling interests
Payments for purchase of treasury stock
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests
Repayments of lease liabilities (Notes 2 & 27)
Other (Note 27)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
IV. Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, net
V. Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
VI. Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
VII. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (Note 27)
JPY
USD (Note 2)
2020
167,544 84,323 5,068 16,526
(3,581)
1,093
80,036 215,217
(12,784) (213,034)
3,613 (47,642)
296,379 1,839 10,921
(25,101)
(61,122) 222,916
(61,802) 10,658
(9,598) (13,346)
4,013 — —
(7,673) (3,492) (2,206) 2,688
(15,077) 1,963
(93,871)
36,498
18,465 (30,831)
227,474 (239,497)
— (49,754)
831 (46) (16,463) (53,283)
105 (106,501)
       2020
18,233 9,176 551 1,798
(389)
118
8,710 23,422
(1,391) (23,184)
393 (5,184)
32,254
200 1,188
(2,731) (6,651)
24,259
(6,725) 1,159 (1,044) (1,452)
436 — —
(835) (380) (240) 292
(1,640) 213
(10,215)
3,972
2,009 (3,355)
24,756 (26,064)
— (5,414)
90 (5)
(1,791) (5,798)
11
(11,590)
2,453
88,941
(290)
2019
20,449 3,274 111 1,535
(363)
238
8,728 (6,295) (1,132) (2,067)
(285) 7,632
31,826
375 1,579
(2,639) (6,442)
24,698
(3,128) 443
(419) (3,109)
1,490 (0)
15 (1,729)
— (62)
296 (130) (239)
(6,575)
5,708
—
—
13,871 (14,035) (5,000) (4,643)
— (1,130) (1,709) (214) (6)
(7,158)
                   10,964 22,545
77,731 817,255
245 (2,667)
      91,105
88,941 837,132
  64 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
1. Reporting Entity
Kanematsu Corporation (the “Company”) is a company located in Japan. The addresses of the Company’s registered headquar- ters and main offices are available on its corporate website (https://www.kanematsu.co.jp/en/). The consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended March 31, 2020 comprise the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Consolidated Group”), and the Consolidated Group’s inter- ests in associates and joint ventures. The Consolidated Group operates its businesses as an integrated trading company by
2. Basis of Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements
(1) Statement of compliance with IFRS
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) pursuant to the provision of Article 93 of the Ordinance on Terminology, Forms, and Preparation Methods of Consolidated Financial Statements (Ordinance of the Ministry of Finance No. 28 of 1976) as all the requirements of the “Specified Company for Designated IFRSs” set forth in Article 1-2 of said Ordinance have been fulfilled.
The consolidated financial statements were authorized by the board of directors meeting on June 24, 2020.
(2) Basis of measurement
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis except for:
• financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through
profit or loss, which are measured at fair value;
• financial assets measured at fair value through other compre-
hensive income, which are measured at fair value;
• defined benefit assets or liabilities, which are measured at the
present value of the defined benefit obligations less the fair
value of plan assets; and
• Impairment of non-financial assets, which are measured at
value in use or fair value.
(3) Functional currency and presentation currency
The consolidated financial statements are presented in Japanese yen, which is the Company’s functional currency. All financial information presented in Japanese yen has been rounded down to the nearest million.
The U.S. dollar amounts appearing in the consolidated finan- cial statements and the notes thereto represent the arithmetical results of translating yen to dollars at the rate of ¥108.83 to U.S.$1.00, the approximate exchange rate prevailing on March 31, 2020. The translation of such dollar amounts is solely for convenience of the readers outside Japan and should not be construed as a representation that the Japanese yen amounts have been, or could be readily converted, realized or settled in dollars at the above, or any other rate.
(4) Use of estimates and judgments
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRSs requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of account- ing policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results could differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. The effect of a change in an accounting estimate is recognized in the period of the change and future periods. The following notes include information on critical judgments in the
providing a broad array of products and services through the organic integration of domestic and international business net- works; expertise acquired in various fields; and the functions of a trading company, including commodities trading, information gathering, market exploration, business development and orga- nization, risk management, and distribution. Detailed informa- tion on the business operations for each reportable segment are provided in Note 7 Segment Information.
application of accounting policies that have a significant effect on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements:
• Note 3. Significant Accounting Policies: (1) Basis of consolidation • Note 3. Significant Accounting Policies: (11) Revenue
The following notes include information on uncertainties of assumptions and estimates that have a significant risk to cause material revisions in the next fiscal year:
• Note 11. Goodwill and Intangible Assets
• Note 22. Impairment Loss
• Note 28. Employee Benefits
• Note 29. Current and Deferred Income Tax
• Note 30. Financial Instruments: (6) Fair value of financial
instruments
When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the
Consolidated Group uses observable market data as much as it is available. Fair values are categorized into the following three hierarchy levels based on the inputs to the valuation techniques: • Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identi-
cal assets or liabilities that the Consolidated Group can access
at the measurement date
• Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included within Level
1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly • Level 3: unobservable inputs
The following notes include detailed information on assump- tions made when measuring the fair value:
• Note 22. Impairment Loss
• Note 30. Financial Instruments: (6) Fair value of financial
instruments
Further, in the current fiscal year, the impact of the COVID-19
outbreak is contained in quoted prices in active markets, in other directly or indirectly observable inputs, and unobservable inputs that are referred to in measuring the fair value of finan- cial assets or liabilities. In assessing the impairment of non-finan- cial assets, the recoverable amount is estimated on taking certain into account the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on future profit plans. No other impact from the COVID-19 out- breaks have material effects on the accounting estimates and the assumptions on which it is based.
(5) Changes in accounting policies
Significant accounting policies applied to the consolidated financial statements of the Consolidated Group are the same as the accounting policies applied to the consolidated financial statements for the previous fiscal year, except for the following.
(IFRS 16 Leases)
The Consolidated Group has adopted IFRS 16 “Leases” from the current fiscal year. On adoption of IFRS 16, the Consolidated Group has not restated comparatives for the 2019 reporting
  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 65
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

period, as permitted under the specific transition provision in the standard.
Information on critical judgments in the application of the accounting policies that have a significant effect on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements is provided in Note 3. Significant Accounting Policies: (15) Leases.
For the lease contracts of the lessee that were classified as operating leases and expensed upon their occurrence in the past by applying IAS 17 “Leases”, the Consolidated Group recog- nizes lease liabilities and right-of-use assets associated with the application of IFRS 16.
Reconciliation of the amount of non-cancellable operating lease commitments disclosed by applying IAS 17 at the end of the previous fiscal year and lease liabilities recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position on the date of initial application is as follows.
immediately before the date of initial application and adjust the right-of-use asset at the date of initial application by the amount of any provision for onerous leases recognized imme- diately before the date of initial application.
- Account for leases for which the lease term ends within 12 months of the date of initial application in the same method as short-term leases.
- Exclude initial direct costs from the measurement of right-of- use assets on the date of initial application.
- Use hindsight, such as when determining the lease term for contracts that contain options to extend or terminate the lease.
(6) Changes in Presentation
(Consolidated statement of financial position)
“Lease liabilities” that were included in “Other financial liabili- ties” of “Current liabilities” and “Lease liabilities” that were included in “Other financial liabilities” of “Non-current liabilities” at the end of the previous fiscal year are presented separately at the end of the current fiscal year, because their amount has increased in significance. Associated with this, ¥6,093 million presented in “Other financial liabilities” of “Current liabilities” in the consolidated statement of financial position at the end of the previous fiscal year is reclassified as “Lease liabilities” of ¥370 million and “Other financial liabilities” of ¥5,722 million. The ¥2,636 million presented in “Other financial liabilities” of “Non-current liabilities” is reclassified as “Lease liabilities” of ¥670 million and “Other financial liabilities” of ¥1,966 million.
(Consolidated statements of cash flows)
“Payments for leasehold deposits,” which was included in “Other” of “Cash flows from investing activities” in the previous fiscal year, and “Repayments of lease liabilities,” which was included in “Other” of “Cash flows from financing activities” in the previous fiscal year, are presented separately at the end of the current fiscal year, because their amount has increased in significance. Associated with this, ¥(369) million presented in “Other” of “Cash flows from investing activities” in the consoli- dated statement of cash flows in the previous fiscal year is reclassified as “Payments for leasehold deposits” of ¥(130) mil- lion and “Other” of ¥(239) million, and ¥(220) million presented in “Other” of “Cash flows from financing activities” in the consol- idated statement of cash flows in the previous fiscal year is reclassified as “Repayments of lease liabilities” of ¥(214) million and “Other” of ¥(6) million.
not constitute control. In addition, even when the Consolidated Group holds only half or less of the voting rights of another enti- ty, such entity is included in the subsidiaries of the Consolidated Group if it is determined through agreements with other inves- tors that the Consolidated Group has control over such entity’s financial and operating policies and thus has the ability to affect returns from such entity.
The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements of the Consolidated Group from the date the Consolidated Group obtains control of the subsidiaries until the date it loses such control of the subsidiar- ies. When the accounting policies adopted by the subsidiaries are different from those adopted by the Consolidated Group and the difference is considered material, the financial state- ments of the subsidiaries are adjusted as necessary.
 Non-cancellable operating lease commitments at the end of the previous fiscal year
Short-term lease commitments for which lease liability is not recognized
Finance lease commitments at the end of the previous fiscal year
Non-cancellable operating lease contracts
Lease liabilities at the beginning of the current fiscal year
(JPY)
5,481
(23)
1,041 11,396
17,895
(USD)
50,370
(220)
9,568 104,713
164,432
   The Consolidated Group has decided that the impact of the dis- count is not material in the measurement of lease liabilities to be newly recognized on the date of initial application, given the size of the leases and the current financial environment. With respect to right-of-use assets, the Consolidated Group recogniz- es ¥16,667 million ($153,150 thousand), included in property, plant and equipment, at the beginning of the current fiscal year, taking into consideration the amount of lease liabilities to be newly recognized and the amount of prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the leases. There is no impact on retained earnings at the beginning of the current fiscal year.
The Consolidated Group uses the following practical expedi- ents when applying IFRS 16 to leases previously classified as operating leases applying IAS 17.
- Rely on its assessment of whether leases are onerous applying
IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
3. Significant Accounting Policies
The accounting policies set out below have been applied consis- tently to all the periods presented in these consolidated finan- cial statements, and have been applied consistently by the Consolidated Group.
(1) Basis of consolidation
1) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are entities which are controlled by the Consolidated Group. The Consolidated Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When the Consolidated Group holds more than half of the voting rights of another entity, such entity is included in the subsidiaries of the Consolidated Group as it is determined that control exists, unless it can be clearly demonstrated that such ownership does
 66 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

Changes in the Consolidated Group’s interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. The Company recognizes directly in equity any dif- ference between the amounts by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received, and attribute it to the owners of the Company.
If the Consolidated Group loses control of a subsidiary, the Consolidated Group derecognizes the assets and liabilities of the former subsidiary, and any non-controlling interests and other components of equity related to the former subsidiary. Any gains or losses arising from such loss of control are recognized in profit or loss. If the Consolidated Group retains any interest in the former subsidiary after the control is lost, such interest is measured at fair value at the date that control is lost.
2) Associates and joint ventures
Associates are those entities over which the Consolidated Group has significant influence, where significant influence is defined as the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the entities but is not control or joint control of those entities. If the Consolidated Group holds between 20 percent and 50 percent of the voting rights of each those enti- ties, it is presumed that the Consolidated Group has significant influence over each of those entities.
Even if the Consolidated Group holds less than 20 percent of the voting rights of another entity, such entity is included in the associates of the Consolidated Group as long as it is determined that the Consolidated Group has significant influence over the entity through the dispatch of the board members, the share- holders’ agreement or the like.
Joint ventures are those entities with respect to which multi- ple parties, including the Consolidated Group, have joint control over the economic activities by contract and unanimous consent of all of such parties is required when deciding on the relevant activities, whereby the Consolidated Group has rights to the net assets of the arrangement.
Except for those that are classified as assets held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations, investments in associates and joint ventures (“equity method investee”) are measured at the carry- ing amount following the application of the equity method (including goodwill recognized at the time of acquisition) less any accumulated impairment losses.
The consolidated financial statements include the Consolidated Group’s share of profit or loss and other compre- hensive income of the associates and joint ventures from the date the Consolidated Group obtains significant influence or joint control until the date it loses such significant influence or joint control. When the accounting policies adopted by the equity method investees are different from those adopted by the Consolidated Group, the financial statements of the equity method investees are adjusted as necessary.
3) Business combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The Consolidated Group recognizes goodwill as the sum of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amounts of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree measured at the acquisition date; less the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed (generally measured at fair value). When such difference results in a negative balance, it is immedi- ately recognized in profit or loss. Non-controlling interests are
measured either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share in the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. The measurement method to be applied at the acquisition date is determined on a transaction-by- transaction basis. Acquisition-related costs, which are costs that the Consolidated Group incurs to effect a business combination (excluding costs to issue debt or equity securities), are account- ed for as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred, and thus not included in the cost of goodwill. In a business com- bination achieved in stages, the Consolidated Group remeasures its previously held equity interest in the acquiree at its acquisition-date fair value and recognizes any gains or losses arising from such remeasurement in profit or loss. Changes
in the value of the Consolidated Group’s equity interest in the acquiree that had been recognized in other comprehensive income prior to the acquisition date are recognized in profit or loss,
or other comprehensive income, on the same basis as would
be required if the Consolidated Group had disposed of the previously held equity interest.
4) Transactions eliminated in consolidation
Intragroup balances and transactions, as well as any unrealized gains and losses arising from intragroup transactions, are elimi- nated when preparing the consolidated financial statements.
(2) Foreign currency translation
1) Translation of foreign currency transactions
Foreign currency transactions are translated into functional cur- rencies of individual companies using the exchange rates at the dates of such transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into functional currencies using the exchange rate at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences on monetary items are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they arise. Non-monetary items that are measured on a historical cost basis in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value
was measured.
With respect to the exchange differences of a non-monetary
item, when a gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognized in other comprehensive income, the Consolidated Group recog- nizes any exchange component of that gain or loss in other comprehensive income. Conversely, when a gain or loss on
a non-monetary items is recognized in profit or loss, the Consolidated Group recognizes any exchange component of that gain or loss in profit or loss.
2) Translation of foreign operations
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including any good- will and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of foreign operations, are translated using the exchange rate at the end of the reporting period. In addition, income and expenses of foreign oper- ations are translated using the average exchange rate for the report- ing period unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly.
Exchange differences arising from the translation are recog- nized in other comprehensive income and the cumulative amounts of the exchange differences are included in other components of equity. When the Consolidated Group’s foreign operations are disposed of, the cumulative amounts of the exchange differences related to foreign operations are reclassified to profit or loss when the gain or loss on disposal is recognized.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 67
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(3) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents are comprised of cash on hand; demand deposits; and short-term, highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less from the date of acquisition that are readily convertible to known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
(4) Inventories
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost determined by the moving-average method and net realizable value.
(5) Property, plant and equipment
The Consolidated Group uses the cost model to measure an item of property, plant and equipment after initial recognition and carries it at its cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. The cost of property, plant and equipment include the cost directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset.
Property, plant and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of each com- ponent thereof. The ranges of principal estimated useful lives are presented as follows:
(7) Impairment of non-financial assets
The Consolidated Group assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired. If any such indication exists, it estimates the recover- able amount of the asset or the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. Goodwill and an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life are tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that such assets may be impaired. If the carrying amount of an individual asset or the cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, the carry- ing amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount and that reduction is recognized as an impairment loss.
The Consolidated Group assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is any indication that an impairment loss recognized in prior fiscal years for an asset other than goodwill may no longer exist or may have decreased. If any such indica- tion exists, the Consolidated Group will estimate the recoverable amount of that asset. If the recoverable amount exceeds the car- rying amount of that asset or the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs, the carrying amount is increased to its recov- erable amount, which is, however, limited up to the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of amortization or depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior fiscal years; and that increase is recognized as a reversal of an impairment loss. An impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.
In addition, because goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an investment in an equity method investee is not separately recognized, it is not tested for impairment separately. If it is indicated that the investment in an equity method invest- ee may be impaired, the entire carrying amount of the invest- ment is tested for impairment as a single asset, by comparing its recoverable amount with its carrying amount.
(8) Financial instruments
1) Financial assets
The Consolidated Group classifies financial assets at initial recognition as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income or financial assets measured at amortized cost. The Consolidated Group initially recognizes financial assets measured at amortized cost on the date that they arise and the other financial assets on the transaction date.
The Consolidated Group derecognizes a financial asset when, and only when (a) the contractual rights to cash flows from the financial asset expire, or (b) it transfers the contractual rights to cash flows and substantially all the risks and rewards of owner- ship of the financial asset.
(i) Financial assets measured at amortized cost
A financial asset that meets both of the following conditions is classified as a financial asset measured at amortized cost:
• The financial asset is held within a business model whose
objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contrac-
tual cash flow and,
• The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on speci-
fied dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures a financial asset measured at amortized cost at its fair value plus any transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. The Consolidated Group subsequently mea- sures it at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
Buildings and structures:
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture & fixtures: Right-of-use assets are fully depreciated over the shorter of
the lease term and their estimated useful lives if there is no reasonable certainty that the Consolidated Group will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term.
The depreciation method, useful life and residual value of an asset are reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period and amended as necessary.
(6) Goodwill and intangible assets
1) Goodwill
Goodwill is carried at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.
2) Intangible assets
The Consolidated Group uses the cost model to measure an intangible asset after initial recognition and carries it at its cost less any accumulated amortization and any accumulated impair- ment losses.
A separately acquired intangible asset is initially recognized and measured at cost. The cost of an intangible asset acquired in a business combination is its fair value at the acquisition date. With respect to an internally generated intangible asset that does not qualify for asset recognition, expenditures on such an internally generated intangible asset are recognized as expenses when they are incurred. Conversely, the cost of an internally generated intangible asset that qualifies for asset recognition is the sum of expenditures incurred from the date when it first meets the recognition criteria.
An intangible asset with a finite useful life is amortized using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life. The Consolidated Group’s intangible assets with finite useful lives are comprised mainly of software whose estimated useful life is 5 years.
The amortization method, useful life and residual value of an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and amended as necessary.
Certain intangible assets with indefinite useful lives such as carrier shop operating rights are not amortized, but instead test- ed for impairment based on the cash-generating unit at least once a year and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.
68 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
3 to 50 years 2 to 20 years

(ii) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
(a) Debt instruments
Debt instruments that meet both of the following conditions is classified as a financial asset measured at fair value through other comprehensive income:
• The financial asset is held within a business model whose
objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flow
and selling financial assets and,
• The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on speci-
fied dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures a financial asset measured at fair value through other comprehen- sive income at its fair value plus any transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. The Consolidated Group subsequently measures it at fair value and recognizes the subsequent changes in fair value as other com- prehensive income. When the financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss is reclassified to profit or loss.
(b) Equity instruments
With regard to a financial asset that has classified as a financial asset measured at fair value through profit or loss, IFRS 9 per- mits an entity to make an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive income changes in fair value of an invest- ment in an equity instrument that is not held for trading. The Consolidated Group makes this election on an instrument-by- instrument basis.
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures
an equity instrument measured at fair value through other com- prehensive income at its fair value plus any transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. The Consolidated Group subsequently measures it at fair value and recognizes the subsequent changes in fair value as other com- prehensive income. When the equity instrument is derecog- nized, or its fair value substantially decreases, the Consolidated Group reclassifies the cumulative amount of other comprehen- sive income to retained earnings and not to profit or loss. Dividends are recognized in profit or loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.
(iii) Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
A financial asset other than those classified as (i), (ii) and (iii) above is classified as a financial asset measured at fair value through profit or loss.
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures a financial asset measured at fair value through profit or loss at its fair value and expenses the transaction costs as incurred that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. The Consolidated Group subsequently measures it at fair value and recognizes the subsequent changes in fair value in profit or loss.
2) Impairment of financial assets
The Consolidated Group assesses impairment of financial assets measured at amortized cost and financial assets measured at fair value through other compressive income based on the expected credit loss approach.
If, at the reporting date, the credit risk on a financial instru- ment has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Consolidated Group measures the loss allowance for that finan- cial instrument at an amount equal to the 12-month expected credit losses, i.e., the expected credit losses that result from
default events on that financial instrument that are possible with- in the 12-months after the reporting date. Conversely, if, at the reporting date, the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Consolidated Group measures the loss allowance for that financial instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses, i.e., the expected credit losses that result from all possible default events over the expected life of that financial instrument.
However, the Consolidated Group always measures the loss allowance for trade receivables, contract assets and lease receiv- ables at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses despite the above requirement.
If there is any objective evidence that financial assets are credit-impaired, such as a borrower’s significant financial diffi- culty, a breach of contract of default or delinquency by the bor- rower, etc., the Consolidated Group measured interest income to net carrying amount after deducting loss allowance following the effective interest method.
Detailed information on the assessment of significant increases in credit risk and the measurement of expected credit losses is provid- ed in Note 30. Financial Instruments: (3) Credit risk management.
3) Financial liabilities
The Consolidated Group classifies financial liabilities at initial recognition as financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss or financial liabilities measured at amortized cost. The Consolidated Group initially recognizes financial liabilities measured at amortized cost on the date that they arise and the other financial liabilities on the transaction date.
The Consolidated Group derecognizes financial liabilities when they are extinguished, i.e., when obligations specified under a contract is discharged, cancelled or expires.
(i) Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
The Consolidated Group classified financial liabilities, other than financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss, as financial liabilities measured at amortized cost. The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures a financial liability mea- sured at amortized cost at its fair value less any transaction costs directly attributable to incurring of the liability, and subsequently measures it at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
(ii) Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures a financial liability measured at fair value through profit or loss at its fair value, and subsequently measures it at fair value and rec- ognizes subsequent changes in fair value in profit or loss.
4) Derivatives and hedge accounting
In order to hedge the foreign currency fluctuation risk, interest rate fluctuation risk and commodity price fluctuation risk, the Consolidated Group enters into derivative transactions, such as forward exchange transactions, interest rate swap transactions and commodity futures and forwards transactions.
When initiating a hedge, the Consolidated Group designates and documents the risk management purposes and strategies regarding the hedge relationship and initiation of such hedge. Such documentation includes the designation of the hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged and methods of assessing the hedging instrument’s effectiveness in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows attributable to the
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 69
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

hedged risk. In addition, such hedging is assessed on an ongo- ing basis whether it was actually effective throughout the reporting periods was designated.
The Consolidated Group initially recognizes and measures derivatives at fair value and subsequently measures them at fair value and accounts for subsequent changes in fair value as follows:
(i) Fair value hedge
The Consolidated Group recognizes the changes in fair value of a derivative used as a hedging instrument in profit or loss, and the changes in fair value of a hedged item attributable to the hedged risk in profit or loss by adjusting the carrying amount of the hedged item.
(ii) Cash flow hedge
Of the changes in fair value of a derivative used as a hedging instrument, the portion determined to be effective is recognized in other comprehensive income and the cumulative amount is included in other components of equity. Conversely, the portion determined to be ineffective is recognized in profit or loss. The amounts accumulated in other components of equity are reclas- sified from other components of equity to profit or loss in the same period that the transaction of the hedged item affects profit or loss; provided, however, that if hedging of a forecast transaction subsequently results in the recognition of a non- financial asset or liability, the amounts accumulated in other components of equity are then accounted for as an adjustment to the initial carrying amount of the non-financial asset or liability.
When the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised; or when the hedge no longer meets the criteria for the hedge accounting, the Consolidated Group discontinues the hedge accounting prospectively. The amounts accumulated in other components of equity remain in equity when hedge accounting is discontinued and are recognized in profit or loss when the forecast transaction is recognized in profit or loss. However, if the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the amounts accumulated in other components of equity are reclassified immediately from other components of equity to profit or loss.
(iii) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments
The Consolidated Group recognizes the changes in fair value of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments in profit or loss.
5) Offsetting of financial assets and financial liabilities
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount of such offset is presented in the consolidated state- ments of financial position only when the Consolidated Group has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and intends either to settle them on a net basis or realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
(9) Provisions
The Consolidated Group recognizes a provision when, only when (a) the Consolidated Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event; (b) it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; and (c) a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
Where the effect of the time value of money is material, the Consolidated Group recognizes the provision by discounting it using a current pre-tax discount rate that reflects the risks specific to the liability.
(10) Equity
When the Consolidated Group repurchases the shares of trea- sury stock, it is measured at cost and is presented as a deduction from equity. Transaction costs directly attributable to the repur- chase of the shares of treasury stock are deducted from capital surplus. When the Consolidated Group sells the shares of trea- sury stock, the consideration received is recognized as an increase in equity.
(11) Revenue
1) Recognition of revenue
The Consolidated Group recognizes revenue from contracts with customers based on the following five-step approach.
Step 1: Identifying the contracts with customers
Step 2: Identifying the performance obligations in the contracts Step 3: Determining the transaction price
Step 4: Allocating the transaction price to the performance
obligations in the contracts
Step 5: Recognizing revenue when (or as) an entity satisfies
the performance obligations
The Consolidated Group’s principal business is mainly to sell
goods in its four segments of Electronics & Devices, Foods & Grain, Steel, Materials & Plant, and Motor Vehicles & Aerospace. It recognizes revenue from the sale of these goods at the time when promised assets are delivered that is, because customers obtain control of the goods and the performance obligations are satisfied at the time of delivery. In the provision of services, the Consolidated Group recognizes revenue in accordance with the performance obligations that will be satisfied over time according to the progress of individual contracts.
The Consolidated Group also measures revenue at an amount obtained by deducting discounts, rebates and returned goods from the promised consideration in the contract with the cus- tomer. If there is more than one identifiable performance obli- gation in a single contract, the contract is divided into each performance obligations, and revenue is recognized for each performance obligation. In addition, if an economic reality is not presented unless multiple contracts are considered as one, the Consolidated Group recognizes revenue by combining the mul- tiple contracts.
If the Consolidated Group receives the consideration from the customer before satisfying the performance obligations, the Consolidated Group recognizes it as a contract liability.
2) Presentation of revenue
If the Consolidated Group conducts a transaction as a principal, the Consolidated Group presents revenue at the total amount of consideration received from the customer. If the Consolidated Group conducts a transaction as an agent for a third party, the Consolidated Group presents revenue at the net amount of
the commission.
When the Consolidated Group determines whether it conducts
a transaction as a principal or as an agent for a third party, the Consolidated Group takes the following indicators into account. • Whether the other party is primarily responsible for fulfilling
the premise.
• Whether the Consolidated Group has inventory risk both dur-
ing shipping and upon return around the time when the cus-
tomer places an order for the goods.
• Whether the benefits that the Consolidated Group can obtain
from the goods or services of the other party are limited because of the fact that the Consolidated Group does not have discretion in establishing the price for the goods or services of the other party.
70 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

(12) Finance income and finance costs
Finance income comprises interest income, dividend income, gain on sale of financial instruments and gain arising from changes in fair value of financial instruments. Interest income is recognized at the time of receipt by using the effective interest method. Dividend income is recognized on the date when the Consolidated Group’s right to receive payment is established. Finance costs comprise interest expenses, loss on sale of finan- cial instruments and loss arising from changes in the fair value of financial instruments.
(13) Employee benefits
1) Post-retirement benefits
(i) Defined benefit plans
Defined benefit plans are retirement benefit plans other than defined contribution plans. Defined benefit obligations are calculated separately for each plan by estimating the future amounts of benefits that employees will have earned in return for their services provided in the current and prior periods, and discounting such amounts in order to determine the present value. The fair value of any plan assets is deducted from the present value of the defined benefit obligations. The discount rate is determined by reference to the market yields on highly rated corporate bonds at the fiscal year-end that have maturity terms that are approximately the same as those of the Consolidated Group’s defined benefit obligations and use the same currencies as those used for future benefits payments.
When the retirement benefit plans are amended, the change in defined benefit obligations related to past service by employees is immediately recognized in profit or loss.
The Consolidated Group recognizes the changes in the net defined benefit liability (asset) due to remeasurements in other comprehensive income and immediately reclassifies them to retained earnings.
(ii) Defined contribution plans
Defined contribution plans are retirement benefit plans under which an employer pays fixed contributions into a separate enti- ty and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay fur- ther contributions. The obligations already paid or to be paid as contributions under the defined contribution plans are recog- nized as expenses in the period in which the employees render the related services.
2) Other long-term employee benefits
The Consolidated Group recognizes obligations for long-term employee benefits other than post-employment benefits as a liability by estimating the amounts as of the reporting date that will be paid to the employees in return for their services without discounting that amounts unless it is material.
3) Short-term employee benefits
The Consolidated Group recognizes short-term employee bene- fits as a liability and an expense by estimating the amounts that will be paid to the employees in return for their services without discounting those amounts. The Consolidated Group recognizes bonuses to be paid pursuant to the bonus system as a liability when it has present legal or constructive obligations to pay as a result of past employee service, and when the amounts of the obligations can be estimated reliably.
(14) Income taxes
Income tax expenses comprises current tax expense and deferred tax expense. The Consolidated Group recognizes them in profit or loss, except when they arise from items that are rec- ognized in other comprehensive income or directly equity, and from business combinations.
Current tax expense is measured by the expected taxes receiv- able from or taxes payable to tax authorities, and the tax rates or tax laws that are used to calculate the tax amount are those that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the end of the fiscal year.
The Consolidated Group recognizes deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities for temporary differences between the carrying amount of an asset and liability in the statements of financial position and its tax base, the unused tax losses carried forward and unused tax credits carried forward. The amounts of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are calculated by applying the expected tax rate or tax law applicable as of the period in which assets are realized or liabilities are settled in accordance with a statutory tax rate or a substantially enacted statutory tax rate and the tax law as of the fiscal year-end. The Consolidated Group does not recognize deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities in the following cases:
• when taxable temporary differences arise from the initial recognition of goodwill;
• when they arise from the initial recognition of an asset or a lia- bility in a transaction which is not a business combination; and on the transaction date, affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit (tax loss); or,
• with respect to taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and associates, when the Consolidated Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences; and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset only when the Consolidated Group has a legally enforceable right to set off the current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and, such deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied on the same taxation entity. However, even in the case of different taxable entities, the Consolidated Group can set off if the tax taxable entities intend either to settle current tax liabili- ties and assets on a net bases, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences, the unused tax losses carried forward and unused tax credits carried forward to the extent that it is probable that they can be used against future taxable profit. The carrying amounts of deferred tax assets are reassessed at each fiscal year-end, and such carrying amount will be reduced to the extent it is no longer probable that related tax benefits from such assets will be realized. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are also reassessed at the end of each reporting peri- od and are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available to recover the deferred tax assets.
The Company and its wholly owned domestic subsidiaries apply the consolidated tax payment system, by which the Company and its wholly owned domestic subsidiaries are allowed to file a tax return and pay the corporation tax as
a consolidated tax filing group.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 71
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(15) Leases
At inception of a contract, the Consolidated Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if it conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consider- ation. For a contract that is, or contains, a lease, the Consolidated Group recognizes the lease liability and the right-of-use asset.
Lease liability is measured at the present value of discounted unpaid lease payments, using the interest rate implicit in the lease or the Consolidated Group’s incremental borrowing rate, at the commencement date of the lease contract. After the com- mencement date, the lease liability is measured by increasing or reducing the carrying amount to reflect interest rate and lease payments made. In addition, if there is a revision to the lease term or a change in the assessment of an option, lease liability is remeasured to be reflected in the carrying amount. The lease term is determined by taking into consideration an option to terminate the lease and an option to extend the lease term dur- ing the non-cancellable period of the lease.
A right-of-use asset is measured at the acquisition cost that adjusts the initial measurement amount of lease liability on the commencement date of the lease contract mainly for initial direct costs and expenses for restoration to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease, and it is depreciated by the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful life and the lease term.
For short-term leases with a lease term of 12 months or less, the Consolidated Group does not recognize lease liability and a right-of-
use asset by applying recognition exemption, and recognizes them as expenses on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
When the Consolidated Group is the lessor, it classifies each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease, and accounts as follows:
1) Finance lease
A finance lease is a lease that transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset. At the commencement date of the lease, the Consolidated Group recognizes assets held under a financial lease in its consolidated statement of financial position and presents them as a receiv- able at an amount equal to net investment in the lease.
2) Operating lease
An operating lease is a lease other than a finance lease. The Consolidated Group presents the assets subject to the operating lease in its consolidated statement of financial position and rec- ognizes lease payments from operating leases as income on either a straight-line basis or another systematic basis.
(16) Share-based payments
The Consolidated Group introduces a performance-linked stock compensation plan as an incentive plan for its Directors and Executive Officers. The equity-settled share-based payment plan measures at the fair value on the date of grant, recognizing it as an expense from the date of grant through the vesting period and recognizing the same amount as an increase in capital surplus.
 4. Standards and Interpretations issued but not yet adopted
There were no newly issued or amended standards and inter- pretations, which were publicly announced prior to the date of the authorization for issuance of the consolidated financial
5. Business Combinations
No major business combinations took place in the fiscal year under review (April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020).
The major business combination that took place in the previous fiscal year (from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019) was as follows.
(1) Contents of the business combination
statements and have material effects on the financial state- ments of the Consolidated Group.
(2) Purpose of the business combination
The card printer business, one of the key businesses in the Electronics & Devices segment, has been focusing on the distri- bution of card printers for many years. We position G-Printec, Inc. as an important strategic function to further enhance the added value of the card printer business, and we have decided that the acquisition of the printer design and development functions of G-Printec, Inc. will contribute to the enhancement of the corporate value of the Consolidated Group, because it will enable us to mutually generate synergistic effects by meet- ing even more diversified customer needs.
  Name of the acquired company
Contents of business
Date of the business combination
Legal form of the business combination
Company name after the combination
G-Printec, Inc.
Development, manufacture and sale of card printers and related devices
December 3, 2018
Acquisition of shares with cash as consideration
G-Printec, Inc.
(3) Acquisition costs and the detail
Fair value on the acquisition date of shares of the acquired company held immediately before the acquisition date
Fair value of shares of the acquired company additionally acquired on the acquisition date
Acquisition cost
JPY 1,440
2,160
3,600
          Percentage of the voting rights acquired
   Percentage share of voting rights owned immediately before the acquisition date 40.0%
Percentage share of voting rights additionally acquired on the acquisition date 60.0% Percentage share of voting rights after acquisition 100.0%
    72 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

(4) Acquisiton-related costs and its line item
Gain from remeasurement relating to business combinations of ¥610 million is recorded in “Other income” in the consolidated statements of income as a result of re-measuring the fair value on the acquisition date of equity interest in the acquired compa- ny held immediately before the acquisition date.
(5) Assets and liabilities on the day of the business combination
(6) Impacts on cash flows through business combination
JPY
Payments of acquisition costs (cash consideration)
Cash and cash equivalents on the acquisition date 439
Payments for acquisition of subsidiaries
(7) Impacts on the operating results of the Consolidated Group
Operating results at the acquired company from the date of acquisition to March 31, 2019 are as follows:
JPY Revenue 1,628 Profit 287
Pro-forma information (unaudited information) concerning con- solidated operating results in the previous fiscal year in the case that the business combination is assumed to be conducted at the beginning of the period is revenue of ¥726,220 million and profit attributable to owners of the Parent of ¥16,760 million.
 (2,160) (1,720)
   Fair value of the consideration paid
Cash and cash equivalents Trade receivables
Inventories
Other current assets
Property, plant and equipment Intangible assets
Other non-current assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities Goodwill (Note)
Total
JPY 3,600
439 845 301
91 124 2,856 25
(1,740) (1,831) 2,485
3,600
    (Note) The details of goodwill are mainly excess earning power and synergy effects with the existing businesses. The amount of goodwill recognized does not include the amount that is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
6. Revenue
(1) Disaggregation of revenue
 As disclosed in Note 7 Segment information, the Consolidated Group has four reportable segments: Electronics & Devices, Foods & Grain, Steel, Materials & Plant and Motor Vehicles & Aerospace. In addition, the Consolidated Group disaggregates revenue in Electronics & Devices recognized from contracts with customers into three categories: ICT solutions, Mobile and Others. Similarly, reve- nue in Steel, Materials & Plant is disaggregated into Energy and Others. The reconciliations of the disaggregated revenue with the group’s sales components are as follows.
The accounting methods for the revenue are consistent with those stated in Note 3. Significant Accounting Policies.
JPY USD
Electronics & Devices ICT solution Mobile
Others
Foods & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant
Energy
Others
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
Total reportable segment
Others
Total revenue arising from contracts with customers
Revenue arising from other sources Total
(Note) Revenue arising from other sources includes revenue recognized in accordance with IFRS 16 “Lease”.
 2020
  2019
  2020
 65,561 135,094 64,530 244,859
73,199 66,234 61,938
70,176
644,828
118,059
1,084,811
66,076
607,150
251,403
2,310,060
62,577
575,004
67,273
618,152
74,539
 684,921
 710,107
 711,417
6,524,926
 11,418
 11,960
 104,920
 721,526
 723,378
 6,629,846
 275
  470
  2,536
 721,802
 723,849
 6,632,382
          KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 73
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(2) Contract balances
Information on contract assets and liabilities arising from contracts with customers are as follows:
JPY
USD
    2020
2019
2020
     Contract assets Contract liabilities
7 11,273
9,289
Contract assets primarily relate to the consolidated group’s rights to receive consideration for performance obligations that have been completed, but not yet billed for, as of the reporting date and they are reclassified as receivables when the Consolidated Group’s rights to payment becomes unconditional.
Contract liabilities are mainly consideration for performance obligation satisfied over time in maintenance and warranty with service and they are reclassified as revenue according to maintenance period or satisfaction of performance obligation. In addition, the Consolidated Group recognizes as a contract liability that already received a part of consideration upon delivery of goods. Of the reve- nue recognized in the current fiscal year, ¥8,014 million ($73,646 thousand) was included in the balance of contract liabilities as of April 1, 2019. There are no significant amounts of revenue recognized during the year ended March 31, 2020 from performance obligations satisfied in the prior fiscal year. The increase of contract liabilities is included in a reduction of other from operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.
(3) Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations
Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations are as follows. It’s not included expected transactions term within one years.
(Note) The transaction for remaining performance transaction by over one year is mainly sales of goods as of year ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019, and the performance obligation is satisfied within seven years.
(4) Assets recognized from the costs of obtaining or fulfilling contracts with customers
There are no assets recognized from the costs of obtaining or fulfilling contracts with customers as of the year ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019. In addition, if the amortization period of the assets that the group otherwise would have recognized is one year or less, the group applies the practical expedient of recognizing the incremental costs of obtaining the contract as an expense when incurred.
12
JPY USD
116
85,362
 2020
  2019
  2020
 9,939
10,517 11,387
91,331
7,812
 71,786
 17,752
  21,905
 163,117
    Within one year Over one years
 Total
  7. Segment Information
(1) Overview of Reportable Segments
The reportable segments of the Consolidated Group are compo- nents of the Consolidated Group for which discrete financial infor- mation is available and are reviewed by the Board of Directors of the Company normally and regularly assesses its business performance and examines the allocation of management resources.
The Consolidated Group offers a broad array of merchandise and services, using expertise in each business field and trading function from Japan and its international network. Trading func- tions include commercial trade, information gathering, market development, business development and arrangement, risk management and logistics.
The Consolidated Group therefore consists of merchandise and service segments based on its business units: “Electronics & Devices”, “Foods & Grain”, “Steel, Materials & Plant”, and “Motor Vehicles & Aerospace”.
The principal merchandise and services handled by each seg- ment are presented as follows:
(Electronics & Devices)
The Electronics & Devices segment provides a wide range of products including electronic parts and components, semicon- ductor and LCD manufacturing equipment, materials and indi- rect materials related to electronics, coupled with development and proposal services. This segment also deals with mobile communications terminals, mobile internet systems, and information and telecommunication equipment and security equipment and services.
(Foods & Grain)
The Foods & Grain segment integrates the handling of a broad array of food and foodstuffs, with operations ranging from sourcing raw materials reliably to providing food and foodstuffs, including high value-added products. Merchandise in this seg- ment includes cooked foods, processed fruits, processed agricul- tural products, beverage ingredients, animal and fishery products, wheat, rice, soybeans, feedstuff and pet foods.
(Steel, Materials & Plant)
The Steel, Materials & Plant segment operates the domestic and international trade of general steel products including steel plates, bars and wire rods, pipes, and stainless products, carries out overseas projects such as plant and infrastructure develop- ment, and sells machine tools and industrial machinery. Additionally, this segment operates the domestic and interna- tional trade of crude oil, petroleum products, LPG, functional chemicals and food products, pharmaceuticals and pharmaceu- tical intermediates, and other products. It also operates busi- nesses related to environmental and emissions rights.
(Motor Vehicles & Aerospace)
The Motor Vehicles & Aerospace segment primarily operates international trade of aircrafts, helicopters, satellite- and aerospace-related products, automobiles, motorcycles, industrial vehicles and related parts, etc., and also provides products with added value based on demand or use.
74 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

(2) Information on reportable segments
The accounting methods for the reportable operating segments are consistent with those stated in Note 3. Significant Accounting Policies. Inter-segment revenue and transfers are based on the transaction prices to external customers.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 (from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
 Revenue External Inter-segment
Total revenue Segment profit (loss)
Other profit or loss:
Depreciation and amortization
Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method
Segment assets Other assets:
Investments accounted for using the equity method
Capital expenditures
Electronics & Devices
Foods & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
Total
Others (Note 1)
Adjustment (Note 2)
Reportable segment
(JPY)
Consolidated
          254,516
251,403
129,858
74,605
710,383
11,418
—
721,802
414
 2
 94
 8
 518
 215
 (734)
 —
 254,930
 251,406
 129,952
 74,613
 710,902
 11,634
 (734)
 721,802
 18,963
2,381
3,819
2,383
27,547
819
(14)
28,352
        5,021
1,392
1,809
697
8,920
275
(18)
9,176
(35)
62
180
38
246
143
—
389
 201,979
 127,143
 122,767
 54,030
 505,921
 11,215
 34,534
 551,671
        399
1,616
2,676
362
5,055
2,453
(2)
7,506
2,006
 580
 1,249
 3,701
 7,537
 304
 653
 8,495
        Fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 (from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
(USD)
Consolidated
 Reportable segment
 Electronics & Devices
Foods & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
Total
Others (Note 1)
Adjustment (Note 2)
         2,338,658
2,310,060
1,193,219
685,525
6,527,462
104,920
—
6,632,382
3,804
 20
 869
 76
 4,769
 1,983
 (6,751)
 —
 2,342,462
 2,310,080
 1,194,088
 685,600
 6,532,231
 106,902
 (6,751)
 6,632,382
 174,252
21,879
35,097
21,897
253,124
7,531
(131)
260,525
        46,136
12,795
16,628
6,408
81,967
2,529
(173)
84,323
(322)
578
1,655
353
2,264
1,317
—
3,581
 1,855,914
 1,168,278
 1,128,069
 496,469
 4,648,731
 103,054
 317,326
 5,069,110
        3,675
14,855
24,591
3,334
46,455
22,544
(27)
68,972
18,437
 5,334
 11,483
 34,008
 69,262
 2,799
 6,002
 78,063
  Revenue External Inter-segment
Total revenue Segment profit (loss)
Other profit or loss:
Depreciation and amortization
Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method
Segment assets Other assets:
Investments accounted for using the equity method
Capital expenditures (Note 3)
      (Notes) 1. The “Others” column is an operating segment that is not included in the reportable segments and includes the logistics and insurance service business and the geographic improvement business.
2. Adjustments are presented as follows:
(1)Adjustment for segment profit (loss) of ¥(14) million ($(131) thousand) includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(14) million ($(131) thousand). (2)Adjustment for segment assets of ¥34,534 million ($317,326 thousand) includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(13,618) million ($(125,136) thousand) and
corporate assets of ¥48,153 million ($442,463 thousand) that are not allocated to any reportable segment. The corporate assets consist mainly of cash and
bank deposits associated with financing activities and assets such as investment securities.
(3)Adjustment for depreciation and amortization of ¥(18) million ($(173) thousand) includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(18) million ($(173) thousand). (4)Adjustment for investments accounted for using the equity method of ¥(2) million ($(27) thousand) includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(2) million
($(27) thousand).
(5)Adjustment for capital expenditures of ¥653 million ($6,002 thousand) includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(53) million ($(492) thousand) and corporate
assets of ¥706 million ($6,495 thousand) that are not allocated to any reportable segment. The corporate assets consist mainly of lease equipment related
to the information system of the subsidiary.
3. Capital expenditures do not include the amounts of right-of-use assets.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 75
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 (from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
(JPY)
Consolidated
723,849 —
723,849
30,349
116 (21)
327 — 363
 Reportable segment
 Electronics & Devices
Foods & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant
139,436 66
139,502
4,437
864 28
133,762
2,521
1,101
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
62,063 24
62,087
2,549
390 32
48,296
350
701
Total
711,888 374
712,262
29,472
3,179 35
503,621
4,279 3,516
Others Adjustment (Note 1) (Note 2)
11,960 — 103 (478)
12,064 (478)
850 26
 Revenue
External
Inter-segment 282 1
265,530 244,859
 Total revenue
Segment profit (loss)
Other profit or loss:
Depreciation and amortization
Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method
Segment assets
Other assets:
Investments accounted for using the equity method
Capital expenditures
265,812
18,533
1,345
(78) 53
197,389
—
1,377
124,172
1,407
335
9,520 36,318
2,591 (3) 251 415
549,459
6,867 4,183
244,860
3,951
  579
3,274
   (Notes) 1. The “Others” column is an operating segment that is not included in the reportable segments and includes the logistics and insurance service business and the geographic improvement business.
2. Adjustments are presented as follows:
(1)Adjustment for segment profit (loss) of ¥26 million includes inter-segment elimination of ¥26 million.
(2)Adjustment for segment assets of ¥36,318 million includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(10,141) million and corporate assets of ¥46,459 million that are
not allocated to any reportable segment. The corporate assets consist mainly of cash and bank deposits associated with financing activities and assets such
as investment securities.
(3)Adjustment for depreciation and amortization of ¥(21) million includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(21) million.
(4)Adjustment for investments accounted for using the equity method of ¥(3) million includes inter-segment elimination of ¥(3) million. (5)Adjustment for capital expenditures of ¥415 million includes corporate assets of ¥415 million that are not allocated to any reportable segment. The
corporate assets consist mainly of lease equipment related to the information system of the subsidiary.
Adjustments from segment profit (operating profit) to profit before tax presented in the consolidated statements of income are pre- sented as follows:
JPY
USD
    2020
(1,798)
389
26,944
2019
2020
     Segment profit
Finance income and finance costs
Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method
Profit before tax
(3) Information on products and services
The information on products and services is disclosed in Note 6. Revenue.
30,349 (1,535)
363 29,177
76 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
28,352
260,525
(16,526)
3,581
247,580

(4) Geographic information
1) External revenue
Japan
Asia
North America Europe
Others
Total
Revenue is classified by country or region based on the locations of customers.
2) Non-current assets (excluding financial assets and deferred tax assets)
Japan
Asia
North America Europe
Others
Total
(5) Information on major customers
JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 593,346
597,774 51,157 53,708 16,492
4,716
5,452,049
53,323
489,970
53,371
490,415
15,421
141,706
6,338
 58,242
 721,802
  723,849
 6,632,382
      JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 65,075
47,292 1,172 6,750 2,216
24
597,959
1,621
14,897
7,270
66,808
3,569
32,797
32
 303
 77,570
  57,457
 712,764
      There is no customer whose transaction amount is equal to or more than 10% of the Consolidated Group’s revenue during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019.
 8. Trade and Other Receivables
The breakdown of trade and other receivables is presented as follows:
Notes and accounts receivable Loans receivable
Other
Less: loss allowance
JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 198,434
222,551 3,195 4,830
(1,827)
1,823,343
3,150
28,948
6,807
62,550
(2,043)
 (18,776)
 206,348
 228,749
 1,896,064
 204,920
227,300 1,449
 1,882,938
1,428
 13,126
 206,348
  228,749
 1,896,064
      Current assets Non-current assets
Total Total
  Information on changes in loss allowance is provided in Note 30. Financial Instruments: (3) Credit risk management. 9. Inventories
 The breakdown of inventories is presented as follows:
Merchandise and finished goods Raw materials and supplies Work in progress
Total
JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 97,037
93,299 2,335 597
891,644
2,343
21,534
1,385
 12,732
 100,766
  96,232
 925,910
      The amounts of inventory write downs that were recognized as expense during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 are ¥592,233 million ($5,441,826 thousand) and ¥597,766 million, respectively.
The amounts of inventory write downs that were recognized as expense during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 are ¥1,140 million ($10,480 thousand) and ¥276 million, respectively.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 77
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 10. Property, Plant and Equipment
(1) Changes in property, plant and equipment
Changes in costs, accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses of property, plant and equipment are presented as follows:
[Costs]
As of April 1, 2018
Acquisitions
Acquisitions through business combinations
Transfers from construction in progress
Disposals (546)
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
(JPY)
50,831
3,216 129 28
(2,569) 126
(75)
51,688
16,667
68,355
12,827
1,087
— (4,091) (267) (2,404)
75,507
(JPY)
(28,930)
(2,552) (78)
1,963 (25)
26
(29,597)
—
(29,597)
(8,265) (551)
2,476 101 1,085
(34,750)
(JPY)
22,090
40,756
 Buildings and structures
15,400
Land Construction in Right-of-use progress assets
8,303 301 —
— 522 — — 2 — — (293) — — (1) — (1) 12 — — 0 —
8,301 544 —
— — 19,072
8,301 544 19,072
94 986 6,003
305 5 54
84 (717) — (16) — (1,355) (7) (10) (71)
(236) (8) 527
8,524 801 24,231
Land Construction in Right-of-use progress assets
(1,224) — —
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
(1,224) — —
— — (1,464)
(1,224) — (1,464)
— — (5,934) (405) — — — — 904 (0) — 2
— — (27)
(1,629) — (6,519)
Land Construction in Right-of-use progress assets
7,077 544 —
6,895 801 17,711
Total
  Exchange differences Other
As of March 31, 2019
Increases (decreases) due to adopting new accounting standards
As of April 1, 2019
Acquisitions
Acquisitions through business combinations
Transfers from construction in progress
Disposals (675) Exchange differences (17) Other (1,629)
As of March 31, 2020 14,950
[Accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment
Buildings and structures
As of April 1, 2018 (8,413)
Depreciation (759)
514 25 108
26,825
2,179 101 214
(2,021) 149
(174)
27,274
(2,037)
25,236
4,699
42
281 (2,043) (160) (1,057)
26,999
losses]
(33) 99
15,567
(367)
15,199
    1,043 679 351
   (8,830)
121
(8,708)
(19,543)
1,343
(18,200)
(1,572) (74)
935 89 40
(18,782)
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
7,731
8,217
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
(19,293)
(1,793) (20)
1,573 (31)
Total
  Impairment losses Disposals
Exchange differences Other
As of March 31, 2019
Increases (decreases) due to adopting new accounting standards
As of April 1, 2019
(58) 390 6
4 22
    Depreciation (757)
Impairment losses Disposals
Exchange differences Other
As of March 31, 2020
[Carrying amount]
As of March 31, 2019
As of March 31, 2020
(71) 636 9 1,072
(7,819)
Buildings and structures
6,737
7,131
Total
      78 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

[Costs]
As of March 31, 2019
Increases (decreases) due to adopting new accounting standards
As of April 1, 2019
Acquisitions
Acquisitions through business combinations
Transfers from construction in progress
Disposals (6,209) Exchange differences (165) Other (14,973)
As of March 31, 2020 137,378
[Accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
250,615
(18,722)
231,893
43,179
392
2,589 (18,777) (1,472) (9,717)
248,089
losses]
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
(179,576)
12,341
(167,236)
(14,452) (684)
8,592 822 373
(172,584)
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures
75,504
(USD)
Total
474,946
153,150
628,096
117,868
9,995
— (37,596) (2,459) (22,094)
693,810
(USD)
Total
(271,962)
—
(271,962)
(75,946) (5,067)
22,753 937 9,974
(319,312)
(USD)
Total
374,498
 Buildings and structures
143,048
(3,381)
139,667
Land
76,283
—
76,283
871
2,810
772 (153) (73) (2,178)
78,332
Land
(11,249)
—
(11,249)
— (3,725)
— (1) —
(14,975)
Land
63,358
Construction in progress
5,000
—
5,000
9,069 49
Right-of-use assets
—
175,252
175,252
55,165 499 —
    9,584 6,245 3,227
(6,589)
— (12,457)
    As of March 31, 2019
Increases (decreases) due to adopting new accounting standards
As of April 1, 2019
Buildings and structures
(81,137)
1,117
(80,020)
(75)
7,360
Construction in progress
—
—
—
— — — — —
—
Construction in progress
7,360
4,848
222,651
Right-of-use assets
—
(13,458)
(13,458)
(54,533) —
8,315 26
(252)
(59,902)
Right-of-use assets
162,748
(95) (655)
   Depreciation (6,961)
Impairment losses Disposals
Exchange differences Other
As of March 31, 2020
[Carrying amount]
As of March 31, 2020
(658) 5,846 89 9,853
(71,850)
Buildings and structures
65,527
     The amounts of expenditures relating to property, plant and equipment under construction are presented in the table above as “Construction in progress”.
Depreciation for property, plant and equipment are included in “Cost of sales” and “Selling, general and administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of income.
The Consolidated Group has adopted IFRS 16 Leases from the current fiscal year. The Consolidated Group has recognized right-of-use assets for the lease contracts of the lessee that were classified as operating leases and expensed upon their occurrence in the past by IAS 17 Leases and has reclassified underlying assets into right-of-use assets for finance leases which is recognized in the consolidated statements of financial position in the past. The information on changes in accounting policies is provided in Note 2. Basis of Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements.
(2) Right-of-use assets
The breakdown of underlying assets is presented as follows:
Right-of-use assets for which buildings and structures are the underlying asset
Right-of-use assets for which machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures are the underlying asset Other
Total
JPY USD
 2020
  2020
 15,915
146,240
1,248
11,471
548
 5,038
 17,711
 162,748
      KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 79
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 11. Goodwill and Intangible Assets
(1) Goodwill
1) Costs, accumulated impairment losses and carrying amount
Changes in costs, accumulated impairment losses and carrying amount of goodwill are presented as follows: [Costs]
      Balance at the beginning of the year Acquisitions through business combinations Exchange differences
Balance at the end of the year
[Accumulated impairment losses]
Balance at the beginning of the year Impairment losses
Balance at the end of the year
[Carrying amount] Carrying amount
2) Impairment test
JPY
JPY
JPY
10,160
(1,349)
8,810
USD
USD
USD
10,160
2019
  7,578
93,361
   1,537
(43)
2,485 96
14,128
(402)
   11,654
107,087
  2020
     The Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment annually, and when- ever there is an indication that the Consolidated Groups may be impaired. The carrying amount of significant goodwill allocated to the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units are as follows:
   Electronics & Devices segment
Electronics business of the domestic subsidiaries Mobile business of the domestic subsidiaries
Steel, Materials & Plant segment
Oilfield tubing business of the foreign subsidiaries
The recoverable amounts of the Consolidated Group’s cash- generating units to which significant goodwill has been allocat- ed were calculated based on its value in use founded on the five-year forecast that was approved by management.
The five-year forecast of cash flows is based on future plans reflecting past performance. In addition, the main assumption used to determine such forecast was the growth rates of gross
JPY USD
4,248 2,098
2,247
profits through such terms, such growth rates being consistent with the forecasts of the nominal GDP growth rates or the like of the countries in which such Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units are situated. The ultimate growth rates are determined by considering the average long-term growth rates of the markets or countries to which the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units belong.
80 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
2020
2020
   2019
2020
  (1,349)
(1,006)
(12,403)
   —
(343)
—
   (1,349)
(12,403)
   2020
2019
2020
   10,304
94,684
   2020
 4,628
2,098
2,203
2019
2020
  42,532
19,284
20,250

The pre-tax discount rates which were used in calculating the value in use of the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units to which significant goodwill has been allocated are as follows:
   2020
 7.1%
8.3%
—%
12.7%
     Electronics & Devices segment
Electronics business of the domestic subsidiaries
Mobile business of the domestic subsidiaries
Foods & Grain segment
Pet-related businesses of the domestic subsidiaries
Steel, Materials & Plant segment
Oilfield tubing business of the foreign subsidiaries
2019
6.2% 8.9%
7.0%
11.8%
  The goodwill that has been allocated to the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units are highly unlikely to be impaired significantly even if major assumptions used for the impairment test would have changed within a reasonable and predictable scope.
(2) Intangible assets
1) Changes in intangible assets
Changes in costs, accumulated amortization [Costs]
and accumulated impairment losses of intangible assets are presented as follows:
(JPY)
  As of April 1, 2018
Acquisitions
Acquisitions through business combinations
Disposals
Exchange differences Other
As of March 31, 2019
Increases (decreases) due to the application of new accounting standard
As of April 1, 2019
Acquisitions
Acquisitions through business combinations
Disposals
Exchange differences Other
As of March 31, 2020
Software
8,568
418 52
(204) 14
54
8,904
(32)
8,871
1,039 23
(228) (11)
210
Carrier shop operating rights
17,140
— —
— — —
17,140
—
17,140
— —
— — —
Right-of-use assets
—
— —
— — —
—
32
32
25 — (19)
0 (3)
33
Other Total
4,295 30,004
17 435 2,804 2,856
(21) (226) 144 158
(104) (49)
7,134 33,179
— —
7,134 33,179
7 1,071
4 27
(9) (257) (67) (78)
8 215
7,078 34,158
      9,905 17,140
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 81
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

[Accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses]
(JPY)
 Software
(7,528)
Amortization
Impairment losses
Disposals
Exchange differences
Other 25
Carrier shop operating rights
(234)
— — — — —
(234)
Right-of-use assets
—
— — — — —
—
Other
(1,863)
(368) —
4 (52)
Total
(9,626)
(765) (32)
205 (64)
 As of April 1, 2018
 (396) (32)
200 (12)
131 156
 As of March 31, 2019
Increases (decreases) due to the application of new accounting standard
As of April 1, 2019
Amortization Impairment losses Disposals
Exchange differences Other
As of March 31, 2020
[Carrying amount]
As of March 31, 2019
As of March 31, 2020
[Costs]
As of March 31, 2019
Increases (decreases) due to the application of new accounting standard
As of April 1, 2019
Acquisitions
Acquisitions through business combinations
(7,744)
28
(7,716)
(437) —
222 9
(17)
(7,939)
Software
1,159
1,966
Software
81,817
(296)
81,521
9,549 212
— (28)
(234) (28)
(2,148)
—
(2,148)
(472) (0)
5 30
(8)
(2,593)
Other
4,986
4,484
Other
65,560
—
65,560
69
45
(85) (618)
74
65,045
Other
(10,128)
—
(10,128)
(911) (0)
248 39
(24)
(10,776)
Total
23,051
23,382
Total
304,878
—
304,878
9,849 257
   — — — — —
(1)
— 19
(0) 1
 (234) (8)
          Disposals (2,098)
Carrier shop operating rights
16,906
16,906
Carrier shop operating rights
157,501
—
157,501
— —
— — —
157,501
Right-of-use assets
—
24
Right-of-use assets
—
296
296
231 —
(183) 0
(33)
311
Right-of-use assets
(JPY)
(USD)
(2,367) (724)
1,979
313,873
Total
(93,065)
—
(93,065)
(8,377) (1)
2,281 363
(226)
(99,023)
Exchange differences Other
As of March 31, 2020
(106) 1,938
91,016
  [Accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses]
(USD)
 Amortization (4,019)
Impairment losses
Disposals
Exchange differences
Other (161)
As of March 31, 2020 (72,951)
Software
(71,165)
260
(70,906)
Carrier shop operating rights
 As of March 31, 2019
Increases (decreases) due to the application of new accounting standard
As of April 1, 2019
(2,155) — (19,744)
— (260) —
(2,155) (260) (19,744)
— (17) (4,341) — — (1) — 183 51 — (0) 276 — 12 (77)
(2,155) (82) (23,835)
   — 2,047 87
  82 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

[Carrying amount]
(USD)
 Software
Carrier shop operating rights
155,346
Right-of-use assets
229
Other
41,210
Total
214,850
 As of March 31, 2020 18,066
 There are no material internally-generated intangible assets as of March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019.
Amortization expenses are included in “Cost of sales” and “Selling, general and administrative expenses” in the consolidated state- ment of income.
The Consolidated Group has adopted IFRS 16 Leases (hereinafter “IFRS 16”) from the current fiscal year. The Consolidated Group has recognized right-of-use assets for the lease contracts of the lessee that were classified as operating leases and expensed upon their occurrence in the past by IAS 17 Leases and has reclassified underlying assets into right-of-use assets for finance leases which is recog- nized in the consolidated statements of financial position in the past. The information on changes in accounting policies is provided in Note 2. Basis of Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements.
2) Carrier shop operating rights
The carrier shop operating rights were recognized as intangible assets upon acquisition of the mobile business by the consolidated subsidiary of the Company. Fundamentally the rights are expected to exist as long as the business continues, they are determined to be classified as intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.
The recoverable amounts of the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units including the carrier shop operating rights were calcu- lated based on its five-year forecast’s value in use that was approved by management. The five-year forecast of cash flows is based on the future plans anticipated based on past performance. In addition, the main assumption used to determine such forecast was the growth rates of gross profits through such terms, such growth rates is consistent with the forecasts of the nominal GDP growth rates or similar the countries in which such Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units are situated.
The ultimate growth rates are determined by considering the average long-term growth rates of the markets or countries to which the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units belong.
The discount rates before tax used to determine the value in use of the Consolidated Group’s cash-generating units are presented as follows: 2019
Electronics & Devices segment
Mobile business of the domestic subsidiaries 8.3%
The carrier shop operating rights are highly unlikely to be impaired significantly even if major assumptions used for the impairment test would have changed within a reasonable and predictable scope.
   2020
 7.7%
       3) Right-of-use assets
The breakdown of underlying assets is presented as follows:
Right-of-use assets for which software is the underlying assets Total
12. Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
JPY USD
 2020
  2020
 24
 229
 24
 229
      There are no associates or joint ventures that are material to the Consolidated Group.
The aggregate amounts of interests in individually immaterial associates and joint ventures that are accounted for using the equity
method are presented as follows: [Aggregate carrying amount]
Associates Joint ventures
[Profit or loss from continuing business]
Associates Joint ventures
JPY
JPY
6,749 118
304 59
USD
USD
    2020
  189
2019
 2019
2020
   7,316
67,227
1,745
   2020
2020
     410
(21)
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 83
3,775
(194)
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

[Other comprehensive income]
Associates Joint ventures
[Total comprehensive income]
Associates Joint ventures
13. Other Investments
The breakdown of other investments is presented as follows:
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Total
14. Other Current Assets and Other Non-current Assets
The breakdown of other current assets and other non-current assets is presented as follows:
JPY
JPY
JPY
JPY
(42) —
261 59
USD
USD
USD
USD
           2020
  2019
  2020
 3,647
3,962 28,453
33,512
24,632
 226,335
 28,279
  32,416
 259,847
        2020
  2019
  2020
 15,569
19,666 4,809 7 7,441
143,065
4,763
43,769
12
116
7,361
 67,641
 27,707
 31,925
 254,591
 24,580
28,420 3,504
 225,860
3,126
 28,732
 27,707
  31,925
 254,591
    Advance payments Prepaid expenses Contract assets Other
Current assets Non-current assets
 Total Total
The breakdown of trade and other payables is presented as follows:
    15. Trade and Other Payables
Notes and accounts payable Import bills payable
Accounts payable - commission
Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Total Total
2020
JPY
USD
2019
2020
   (35)
 2020
  2019
  2020
 114,479
142,951 42,443 10,660
1,051,911
46,179
424,331
12,262
 112,678
 172,922
 196,054
 1,588,920
 172,922
196,054 —
 1,588,920
—
 —
 172,922
  196,054
 1,588,920
       84 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
—
(330)
—
   2020
374
(21)
2019
2020
   3,445
(194)

 16. Bonds and Borrowings
The breakdown of bonds and borrowings is presented as follows:
Current portion of bonds
Short-term borrowings
Current portion of long-term borrowings Bonds (excluding the current portion)
Long-term borrowings (excluding the current portion) Total
Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Total
(Note) The “average interest rate” is presented as the weighted average interest rate against the borrowings outstanding at the end of the fiscal year. The interest rate for bonds is presented in the “Details of bonds” below.
    2020
2019 JPY
— 48,463 25,852 14,930
50,258
139,504 74,316 65,188
139,504
Average interest rate (Note)
Maturity date
  JPY
USD
  4,993
 45,881
52,792
485,093
10,378
95,366
10,056
92,407
65,172
598,850
 143,394
 1,317,598
 68,164
 626,341
75,229
 691,257
 143,394
 1,317,598
   —— 1.17% — 0.94% —
——
0.68%
August 2021 to May 2033
        [Details of bonds]
Issuer
Kanematsu Corporation
Kanematsu Corporation
Kanematsu Corporation
Issue date 2020 JPY
March 10, 2016
December 14, 2017
December 14, 2017
2019
USD JPY
     Bond Name
Unsecured Straight Bonds No 2 (5-year bonds)
Unsecured Straight Bonds No 3 (5-year bonds)
Unsecured Straight Bonds No 4 (7-year bonds)
Other
Coupon rate Collateral
0.64% per
annum None
0.42% per
annum None
0.57% per
annum None
Over four years and within five years
    4,993
 45,881
 4,980
  45,762
 4,976
45,726
 100
  919
   4,985
4,972
4,971
—
Maturity date
March 10, 2021
December 14, 2022
December 13, 2024
Over five years
JPY USD
— —
        (Note) The maturity schedule of bonds after the end of the current fiscal year is presented as follows:
 Within one year
JPY USD
Corporate bonds 4,993 45,881
17. Provisions
Over one year and within two years
Over two years and within three years
JPY USD
4,980 45,762
Over three years and within four years
 Changes in provisions are presented as follows:
Balance as of April 1, 2019
Provisions made
Provisions used
Provisions reversed
Unwinding of discount
Foreign exchange translation differences
Balance as of March 31, 2020
Balance as of April 1, 2019
Provisions made
Provisions used
Provisions reversed
Unwinding of discount
Foreign exchange translation differences
Balance as of March 31, 2020
Asset retirement obligations
1,338
592 (133)
— 29 —
1,828
Asset retirement obligations
12,303
5,446 (1,224)
— 273 —
Total
1,557
606 (157) (86)
29 (3)
1,945
Total
14,314
5,570 (1,450) (798)
273 (29)
17,880
(JPY)
(USD)
JPY
100
USD
919
JPY
—
USD
—
Other
218
13 (24) (86) —
(3)
117
Other
2,011
124 (226) (798)
— (29)
JPY
4,976
USD
45,726
            16,799
1,081
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 85
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

The current and non-current portions of provisions are presented as follows:
Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Total
Asset retirement obligations are obligations for restoring offices and shops in accordance with provisions of the property leasing con- tracts. While these expenditures will be made after at least one year has passed, the amounts may be affected by the future business plan and other factors.
18. Other Current Liabilities and Other Non-current Liabilities
The breakdown of other current liabilities and other non-current liabilities is presented as follows:
JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 30
189 1,368
284
1,914
 17,596
 1,945
  1,557
 17,880
       JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 5,867
7,940 11,273 3,464 74 10,774
53,910
9,309
85,540
3,680
33,819
57
525
11,529
 105,941
 30,443
 33,527
 279,735
 29,073
32,321 1,205
 267,150
1,369
 12,586
 30,443
  33,527
 279,735
    Advances received Contract liabilities Accrued expenses Unearned revenue Other
Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
19. Equity
(1) Capital management
Total Total
     The Consolidated Group has a basic policy of increasing share- holders’ equity (See Note 1) up to a certain level and strengthen- ing its financial base to enhance its enterprise value through building new businesses and increasing revenues while main- taining a sound financial position.
The Company sets the maximum ratio of risk assets (See Note 2) and examines the appropriateness of scale of shareholders’ equity in terms of it being a risk buffer to potential loss that could result from a deterioration in the companies’ respective businesses, so that it could manage shareholders’ equity minutely.
The key indices which the Consolidated Group uses for man- agement of shareholders’ equity are as follows, and these indi-
ces are periodically reported to and monitored by management. • Ratio of risk assets
• Net DER(See Note 3)
(Note 1) Shareholders’ equity is defined as equity attributable to owners of the Parent.
(Note 2) Ratio of risk assets is defined as a ratio of the amount of maximum potential loss to shareholders’ equity. The amount of maximum potential loss is the amount of all assets and off balance sheet transactions on the consolidated financial statements multiplied by the original risk weight set by our consolidated group according to the potential risk of loss.
(Note 3) Net DER is defined as a ratio of net interest-bearing debt to shareholders’ equity, while net interest-bearing debt is the total amount of interest-bearing debt excluding lease liabilities (bonds and borrowings) less cash and deposits.
The figures of net DER as of March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 are presented as follows:
2019 Net DER 0.4
(Unit: times)
   2020
  0.4
      The Consolidated Group is not subjected to any externally imposed capital requirements (except for general requirements, such as those in the Companies Act).
86 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

(2) Number of shares authorized to be issued, issued shares and shares of treasury stock
Shares authorized to be issued (No-par common stock)
Shares of treasury stock (No-par common stock)
(Unit: share)
    2020
2019 200,000,000
1,068,136
    200,000,000
   Issued shares
(No-par common stock)
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes during the period
Balance at the end of the year
84,500,202 — 84,500,202
   1,062,027
   (Note) Shares of treasury stock in the previous fiscal year included 100,000 shares of the Company held by the associate and 711,500 shares of the Company held by the stock issuance trust for officers. Shares of treasury stock in the current fiscal year includes 100,000 shares of the Company held by the associate and 702,500 shares of the Company held by the stock issuance trust for officers.
(3) Surplus
1) Capital surplus
Capital surplus mainly consists of legal capital surplus.
2) Retained earnings
Retained earnings consist of legal retained earnings and other retained earnings.
The Companies Act of Japan provides that an amount equal to 10% of distribution of surplus for each fiscal year must be appropriat-
ed as legal capital surplus or legal retained earnings until the total aggregate amount of legal capital surplus and legal retained earn- ings equals 25% of share capital.
Under the Companies Act, the amounts available for distribution are calculated based on the amounts of capital surplus and retained earnings, exclusive of legal capital surplus and legal retained earnings, all of which are recorded in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in Japan.
(4) Dividends
1) Amounts of dividends paid
 Resolution
May 20, 2019 Board of Directors meeting
Oct. 31, 2019 Board of Directors meeting
Resolution
May 21, 2018 Board of Directors meeting
Oct. 31, 2018 Board of Directors meeting
Type of stock
Common stock
Common stock
Type of stock
Common stock
Common stock
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Retained earnings
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Retained earnings
Total amounts of dividends
Dividends per share
Record date
Mar. 31, 2019
Sep. 30, 2019
Record date
Mar. 31, 2018
Sep. 30, 2018
Effective date
Jun. 3, 2019
Dec. 2, 2019
Effective date
Jun. 4, 2018
Dec. 3, 2018
 JPY
2,948
2,527
USD
27,093
23,222
Yen
35.00
30.00
U.S.$
0.322
0.276
      Total amounts of dividends
JPY
2,569
2,106
Dividends per share
Yen
30.50
25.00
      (Note) The total amount of dividends resolved by the board of directors meeting on May 20, 2019, October 31, 2019 and October 31, 2018 includes ¥24 million ($229 thousand), ¥21 million ($194 thousand) and ¥17 million of the dividends to the shares of the Company held by the stock issuance trust for officers.
2) Dividends with record date in the current fiscal year, and effective date in the following fiscal year
 Resolution
May 26, 2020 Board of Directors meeting
Type of stock
Common stock
Source of dividends
Retained earnings
Total amounts of dividends
Dividends per share
Yen U.S.$
30.00 0.276
Record date
Mar. 31, 2020
Effective date
Jun. 10, 2020
 JPY
2,527
USD
23,222
  * The total amount of dividends resolved by the board of directors meeting on May 26, 2020 includes ¥21 million ($194 thousand) of the dividends to the shares of the Company held by the stock issuance trust for officers.
84,500,202 — 84,500,202
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 87
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 20. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
The breakdown of selling, general and administrative expenses is presented as follows:
Depreciation and amortization (Note) Personnel expenses
Outsourcing service charges
Rent expenses (Note)
Other
Total
(Note) For the lease contract of the lessee that were classified as operating leases in the past, the Consolidated Group recognizes right-of-use assets and depreciation expenses on a straight-line basis associated with the application of IFRS 16. Leases expenses for short terms lease assets remain to be recorded as rent expenses.
Please refer to the following notes for further details:
• Note 2. Basis of Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements: (5) Changes in accounting policies • Note 3. Significant Accounting Policies: (15) Leases
21. Gain or Loss on Sale or Disposal of Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets
The breakdown of gain or loss on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets is presented as follows:
JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 7,743
2,174 44,944 7,670 6,512 19,091
71,153
46,082
423,438
7,606
69,889
2,679
24,617
18,605
 170,958
 82,716
  80,393
 760,056
       JPY
USD
       Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment
Total gain on sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment
Total loss on sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment Loss on disposal of intangible assets
Total loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, net
22. Impairment Loss
(1) Breakdown of impairment loss by each class of assets
42
42
(4)
(4)
(150) (5)
(156)
(118)
32
32
(8)
(8)
(241) (21)
(262)
(238)
        The breakdown of impairment losses by class of assets is presented as follows. Impairment losses for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are included in “Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets”, and impairment losses for goodwill are included in “Other expenses” in the consolidated statement of income.
 2020
  2019
  2020
 (551)
(78) (343) (32)
(5,067)
—
—
(0)
 (1)
 (551)
  (454)
 (5,068)
   Property, plant and equipment Goodwill
Intangible assets
JPY USD
JPY USD
 Total
 (2) Breakdown by reportable segment
The breakdown of impairment losses by reportable segment is presented as follows:
Electronics & Devices
Foods & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant Other/Adjustment and elimination
Total
2020
2019
2020
  391
 391
 (46)
 (46)
 (1,386)
(52)
 (1,438)
 (1,093)
  2020
  2019
  2020
 —
(77) (377)
— —
—
(106)
(977)
(62)
(574)
(382)
 (3,517)
 (551)
  (454)
 (5,068)
      88 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, the pet-related busi- ness of the domestic subsidiary recognized an impairment loss of ¥319 million as a result of reducing the carrying amount of goodwill to the recoverable amount of ¥950 million because future cash flows was anticipated to be lower than its originally value. The recoverable amount is based on the value in use and it is estimated by discounting future cash flows at a pre-tax rate of 7.01%. The asset belongs to the Foods & Grain segment.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, an impairment loss of ¥382 million ($3,517 thousand) was recognized as a result of reducing the carrying amount of land and buildings and struc- tures owned in Japan, which the Company intends to sell, to the recoverable amount of ¥1,429 million ($13,134 thousand). The recoverable amount is based on fair value less costs of disposal and the fair value is estimated mainly based on sale value. The asset belongs to the Others segment.
23. Exchange Differences
Exchange differences recognized in profit or loss for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 were ¥943 million ($8,672 thousand) and ¥646 million, respectively and are included in “Other income” in the consolidated statement of income. In addition, each amount includes gains or losses arising
24. Finance Income and Finance Costs
The breakdown of finance income and finance costs is presented as follows:
Interest income
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Total interest income
Dividend income
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Total dividend income
Total finance income
Interest expenses
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost Derivatives
Total interest expenses
Other finance costs (Note)
Other finance costs
Total other finance costs
Regarding the pet-related business of the domestic subsid- iary, an impairment loss of ¥164 million ($1,510 thousand) was recognized as a result of reducing the carrying amount of prop- erty, plant and equipment which a subsidiary transferred, to the recoverable amount of ¥17 million ($156 thousand) before the transfer. The recoverable amount is based on fair value less costs of disposal and the fair value is estimated mainly based on trans- fer value. The asset belongs to the Foods & Grain segment.
While fair values are categorized into three levels depending on inputs to valuation techniques used, all the fair values above are categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy with its details described in Note 2. Basis of Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements, (4) Use of estimates and judgments.
from currency-related derivative transactions that were entered into for the purpose of hedging the foreign currency risk. Gains and losses arising from translating assets and liabilities denomi- nated in a currency other than the functional currency or from settling such items are included in profit or loss as they arise.
  JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 371
271
 2,495
 271
 371
 2,495
 227 962
 220
2,028
923
 8,482
 1,143
  1,189
 10,511
 1,415
1,561
 13,006
 (2,446) (215)
 (2,563)
(23,551)
(198)
 (1,821)
 (2,761)
 (2,662)
 (25,372)
 (434)
 (452)
 (4,161)
 (452)
  (434)
 (4,161)
 (3,214)
 (3,096)
 (29,532)
             Total finance costs
(Note) The amounts of other finance income and other finance costs are those related to financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and the details
are presented in Note 30. Financial Instruments: (6) -3) - (ii) Recurring fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 89
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 25. Earnings Per Share Attributable to Owners of the Parent
(1) Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share
Yen
U.S. dollar
      The amount of diluted earnings per share is calculated by deeming the shares authorized to be issued subject to conditions which are expected to be provided under the performance-linked stock compensation plan as potential shares.
(2) Bases for calculation of basic earnings per share
Profit attributable to owners of the Parent
Amount not attributable to common shareholders of the Parent Profit used to calculate basic earnings per share
Profit used to calculate diluted earnings per share
Weighted average number of common shares
Increase due to performance-linked stock compensation plan Weighted average number of common shares adjusted for dilution
JPY USD
16,605 — 16,605 16,605
Thousand shares 2019
83,773 31 83,804
90 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
2020
172.28
2019
198.22 198.15
2020
   172.43
1.58
1.58
    2020
 14,399
14,399
14,399
—
2019
2020
   132,312
132,312
132,312
—
 2020
 83,509
71
83,580
   (Note) In the calculation of earnings per share, the shares of the Company owned by the stock issuance trust for officers below are included in the treasury stock which is deducted in the calculation of average number of shares during the fiscal year.
The previous fiscal year 437,846 shares
The current fiscal year 705,961 shares
 26. Other Components of Equity and Other Comprehensive Income
Changes in other components of equity are presented as follows:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations Balance at the beginning of the year
Changes during the period
Balance at the end of the year
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Balance at the beginning of the year
Changes during the period
Reclassification to retained earnings
Balance at the end of the year Cash flow hedges
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes during the period
Balance at the end of the year
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans Balance at the beginning of the year
Changes during the period
Reclassification to retained earnings
Balance at the end of the year Other components of equity
Balance at the beginning of the year Changes during the period Reclassification to retained earnings Balance at the end of the year
JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 1,275 589
1,865
17,143
(935)
 (8,596)
 930
 1,865
 8,547
 12,684 (2,940) (163)
 9,580
88,036
(2,926)
(26,889)
162
 1,491
 6,816
 9,580
 62,639
 (905) 612
 (293)
(2,694)
406
 3,735
 113
 (293)
 1,041
 — 137
(137)
 —
—
(17)
(157)
17
 157
 —
 —
 —
 13,055 (1,601) (300)
 11,153
102,484
(3,472)
(31,906)
179
 1,648
 7,860
  11,153
 72,227
              
The breakdown for the amounts of reclassification adjustments and deferred tax in other comprehensive income is presented as follows:
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Amount arising during the year
Amount before deferred tax Deferred tax
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans Amount arising during the year
Amount before deferred tax
Deferred tax
Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations Amount arising during the year
Reclassification adjustments
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations Cash flow hedges
Amount arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Amount before deferred tax Deferred tax
Cash flow hedges
Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted for using the equity method
Amount arising during the year Reclassification adjustments
Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted for using the equity method
Total other comprehensive income
27. Cash Flow Information
(1) Cash and cash equivalents
JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 (4,440)
(4,163)
(38,258)
 (4,163)
 (4,440) 1,408
 (38,258)
1,224
 11,249
 (2,939)
 (3,031)
 (27,009)
 263
 (55)
 (511)
 (55)
 263 (64)
(511)
30
 284
 (24)
 199
 (226)
 948 —
 (1,077)
(9,896)
(28)
 (265)
 (1,105)
 948
 (10,161)
 104 737
 358
3,296
224
2,062
 583
 842 (258)
 5,358
(179)
 (1,649)
 403
  584
 3,709
 (70) 27
(39)
(359)
3
 29
 (35)
 (42)
(330)
 (3,702)
  (1,341)
  (34,019)
                The breakdown of cash and cash equivalents and its reconciliation to the amounts presented in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:
JPY
USD
    2020
   Cash and bank deposits except for time deposits with original term of more than three months
Short-term investments with original maturity of three months or less
Cash and cash equivalents
in the consolidated statement of financial position
Cash and cash equivalents
in the consolidated statement of cash flows
88,941
91,105
 91,105
—
2019
2020
  88,941 —
837,132
837,132
—
   88,941
    91,105
837,132
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 91
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(2) Net payment for acquisition of subsidiaries and transfer of business
The breakdown of the main assets and liabilities of newly acquired subsidiaries at the time control thereof was acquired, and the recon- ciliation between consideration paid and net payment for the acquisition are presented as follows:
Breakdown of assets at the acquisition date
Current assets (including cash and cash equivalents) Non-current assets
Breakdown of liabilities at the acquisition date Current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Goodwill Non-controlling interests
Fair value of consideration paid
Fair value of holding shares of the acquired companies Cash and cash equivalents of the acquiree
Net proceeds from (payment for) acquisition of subsidiaries Net proceeds from transfer of business
(3) Changes in liabilities for financing activities
Changes in liabilities for financing activities are as follows:
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 (from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
(1,729) —
JPY
USD
   2020
9,201
1,750
(7,940)
(1,190)
1,536
(134)
(3,223)
2019
2020
   1,700 3,012
(1,749) (1,831) 2,480
—
84,549
16,083
(72,963)
(10,935)
14,121
(1,233)
   (3,612)
(29,621)
   377
1,631
1,440 443
3,464
14,992
   (835)
(380)
(7,673)
(3,492)
      (JPY)
    Non-cash movements
 March 31, 2019
Borrowings 124,574 Bonds 14,930
Adjustment for IFRS 16
April 1, 2019
Cash flows
Lease
Exchange differences
(336) —
(140)
(476)
Increase and decrease from acquisition of subsidiaries
2,788 100 61
2,949
Others
— 19
(575)
(555)
Others
— 181
(5,288)
(5,108)
March 31, 2020
128,344 15,049 17,555
160,949
(USD)
March 31, 2020
1,179,310 138,288 161,309
1,478,907
 Lease liabilities
Total
1,041
140,546
March 31, 2019
16,853
16,853
Adjustment for IFRS 16
—
— 154,863
154,863
— 6,113
124,574 17,895
157,399
April 1, 2019
1,317 (5,798)
(4,480)
Cash flows
—
— 14,930 — —
 6,113
     Non-cash movements
  Borrowings 1,144,671 Bonds 137,188 Lease liabilities 9,568
Total 1,291,427
1,144,671 12,109 137,188 — 164,432 (53,283)
Exchange Lease differences
— (3,090)
— — 56,173 (1,290)
Increase and decrease from acquisition of subsidiaries
25,620 919 565
27,104
Others
— 32 85
117
 1,446,291 (41,174) 56,173 (4,380)
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 (from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
      Borrowings Bonds
Lease liabilities
Total
April 1, 2018
117,428 19,898 1,170
138,497
Cash flows
5,545 (5,000) (214)
331
Non-cash movements
Increase and Exchange decrease from differences acquisition of
subsidiaries
101 1,500 — — 0 —
101 1,500
(JPY) March 31, 2019
124,574 14,930 1,041
140,546
  (4) Significant non-cash transactions
The adoption of IFRS 16 increased right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. Please refer to Note 10. Property, Plant and Equipment for more information.
There were no significant non-cash transactions for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
92 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

 28. Employee Benefits
(1) Post-employment benefits
1) Outline of retirement benefit plans adopted by the Consolidated Group
The Company has a defined benefit pension plan and lump-sum retirement benefit plan covering substantially all employees other than directors and executive officers. The benefit amounts for the defined benefit pension plan are determined based on the period of employees’ enrollment in the plan, contribution granted to employees and other factors. The Company has a responsibility to manage pension assets faithfully and has an obligation to make contributions for the employees enrolled in the plan in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
The pension plan that the Company maintains is a contract- type defined benefit pension plan.
2) Defined benefit plan
(i) Net defined benefit liability (asset)
Matters such as asset management performance, status of the plan and accounting treatment are reported to the Management Committee by the Finance Department and the Personnel & General Affairs Department, which are in charge of operation of the pension plan. These departments hold a meet- ing on a timely manner to discuss the matters such as a revision to the plan and a change in the asset investment policy.
Most of the subsidiaries have unfunded retirement benefit plans and/or funded pension plans. Employees, other than directors, are entitled to, under most circumstances, upon man- datory retirement at normal retirement age or earlier termina- tion of employment, a lump-sum retirement benefit based on compensation at the time of retirement, years of service and other factors. Certain subsidiaries have adopted the defined contribution retirement benefit plan.
Reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of net defined benefit liability (asset) and the components for the years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 are presented as follows:
 Present value of the defined benefit obligation
19,659
Current service cost
Net interest
Remeasurements (248)
Fair value of plan Effect of the assets ceiling
(13,442) —
— — (60) — (14) —
(7) — (1,013) — 1,047 — — — 9 —
(13,481) —
— — (24) — 166 — 3 — (973) — 1,311 — (151) — 9 —
(13,138) —
asset
(JPY)
Net defined benefit liability (asset)
6,217
1,425 2
(263) (4) (1,013) (422)
492 120
6,555
1,489 21 55
(17) (973) (354)
(33) 37
6,779
 As of March 31, 2018
 Foreign currency translation difference
Employer contributions to the plan
Benefits paid
Effect of business combinations and disposals
Other 111
3 —
20,036
Current service cost
Net interest
Remeasurements (110)
Foreign currency translation difference Employer contributions to the plan
Benefits paid
Effect of business combinations and disposals Other
As of March 31, 2020
(21) —
(1,666) 117 27
19,917
1,425 62
(1,469) 492
 As of March 31, 2019
 1,489 46
  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 93
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

  As of March 31, 2019
Current service cost
Net interest
Remeasurements
Foreign currency translation difference Employer contributions to the plan Benefits paid
Effect of business combinations and disposals Other
As of March 31, 2020
Present value of the defined benefit obligation
184,105
13,683 431
(1,019) (199)
— (15,315)
1,084 249
183,019
Fair value of plan assets
123,872
— (229)
1,529 36
(8,945) 12,055
(1,393) 91
(120,726)
Effect of the asset ceiling
—
— — — — — — — —
—
(USD)
Net defined benefit liability (asset)
60,233
13,683 202 511
(162) (8,945) (3,260) (309)
340
62,292
   Remeasurements of the defined benefit obligation for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 are the differences arising primarily from changes in financial assumptions.
(ii) Reconciliation of ending balances of defined benefit obligation/plan assets and net defined benefit liability/asset presented on the consolidated statements of financial position
JPY
USD
    2020
  Defined benefit obligations of funded plan
Plan assets
Net defined benefit liability of funded plan
Defined benefit obligations of unfunded plan
Net liability or asset presented on the consolidated statements of financial position (Before the effect of the asset ceiling)
6,555
15,345
(13,138)
2019
2020
   15,726 (13,481)
141,003
(120,726)
    2,206
4,572
2,245 4,309
20,276
   The measurement date used to determine the main benefit obli- gations is March 31 of each year.
The Company’s funding policy is based on a number of factors including the tax deductibility of contributions, funded status, actuarial calculations and other considerations. Contributions are intended to provide not only for benefits attributable to ser- vice to date, but also for those expected to be earned in the future. In addition, the Company may contribute cash to an employee retirement benefit trust for any funding deficits in benefit obligations at the fiscal year end.
The Company’s investment policy is designed to increase the value of plan assets within acceptable risk levels to ensure pay- ments of pension benefits to eligible participants, including future participants. Taking into account the return and risk on plan assets thereon, the Consolidated Group formulates a stra-
(iii) Plan assets
The composition of the plan assets as of March 31, 2020.
Equity securities
Debt securities
Life insurance company general accounts Other
Total
tegic asset mix which aims at an optimal portfolio on a long- term basis and supervise asset management by selecting investment management companies and monitoring asset allo- cations. The strategic asset mix is subject to review in response to changes in expected market conditions or funded status. The strategic asset mix is not based on limitations but guidelines, and therefore, the actual allocation may temporarily exceed or fall below the guidelines. The Company’s target allocation is 10% equity securities, 44% debt securities, 36% life insurance company general accounts and 10% others.
The Company holds a meeting regularly with the asset man- agement institutions and discusses important issues regarding pension assets investment.
6,779
42,016
 62,292
 Plan assets with a quoted market price in an active market
Plan assets without a quoted market price in an active market
JPY USD
 JPY
USD
  1,195
 10,987
 —
 —
230
2,119
4,342
39,899
—
—
6,085
55,920
61
 568
 1,222
 11,234
 1,488
 13,674
 11,650
 107,052
    94 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

The composition of the plan assets as of March 31, 2019.
Equity securities
Debt securities
Life insurance company general accounts Other
Total
Plan assets with a quoted market price in an active market
JPY
1,383 201 — 58
1,643
Plan assets without a quoted market price in an active market
JPY
— 4,839 6,047 949
11,837
         Equity securities and debt securities above are managed as jointly-managed trusts by trust banks. Plan assets with a quoted market price in an active market are estimated by using the quoted price. Assets other than equity securities and debt securities are categorized into the assets without a quoted market price in an active market, which are estimated by using the fair value the trust banks calculated.
(iv) Significant actuarial assumptions
2019 Discount rate 0.4%
The assumptions used for the actuarial calculation include the expected rate of salary increase, the mortality rate and the retirement rate other than the above.
   2020
  0.5%
      (v) Sensitivity analysis of defined benefit obligations
Increase in the defined benefit obligation with a 50-basis-point decrease in the discount rate
Decrease in the defined benefit obligation with a 50-basis-point increase in the discount rate
JPY
USD
    2019
2020
    This analysis is based on the premise that the actuarial assumptions other than the discount rate do not fluctuate and that only the dis- count rate fluctuates. This method of analysis is based on assumptions, and it is possible that the actual calculation could be influenced by fluctuations in other variables. Even if the discount rate falls below 0%, the calculation is performed assuming the lower limit of the discount rate is 0%.
(vi) Information on maturity profile of the defined benefit obligation
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obliga- tion for the years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 were 10.1 year and 10.6 year, respectively.
(vii) Expected contribution to the plan for the year ending March 31, 2020
The amount of contribution to be made by the Consolidated Group to plan for the year ending March 31, 2020 is estimated to be ¥982 million ($9,027 thousand).
3) Defined contribution plan
Expenses recognized for the defined contribution plan for the years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 were ¥3,593 million ($33,023 thousand) and ¥3,368 million, respectively.
(2) Employee benefit expenses
Employee benefit expenses recognized for the years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 were ¥5,188 million ($47,676 thousand) and ¥4,868 million, respectively. Employee benefit expenses are included in “Cost of sales” and “Selling, general and administration expenses” in the consolidated state- ment of income.
2020
 829
(914)
617 (926)
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 95
7,624
(8,399)
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 29. Current and Deferred Income Tax
(1) Deferred taxes
1) Breakdown of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
The breakdown of main deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities by component is as follows:
JPY
USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 1,864 540 482 802 484 111 2,279 20 1,775 4,732
1,871
17,200
618
5,679
547
5,034
898
8,256
627
5,767
110
1,014
1,060
9,742
—
—
774
7,114
4,865
 44,710
 11,374
 13,093 (10,484)
104,516
(8,613)
 (79,145)
 2,761
 2,609
 25,371
 (450) (4,273)
— (6,216) (905)
 (501)
(4,610)
(3,044)
(27,977)
(51)
(470)
(6,163)
(56,633)
(1,237)
(11,372)
 (10,998)
 (11,846) 10,484
 (101,062)
8,613
 79,145
 (2,385)
  (1,362)
 (21,918)
 375
 1,247
 3,454
    Deferred tax assets
Retirement benefits liabilities Loss allowance
Inventories
Impairment loss
Other investments
Golf club memberships
Tax losses carried forward Cash flow hedges
Goodwill
Other
Total deferred tax assets
Offset against deferred tax liabilities Total deferred tax assets, net Deferred tax liabilities
Retained earnings in subsidiaries
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Cash flow hedges
Intangible assets
Other
Total deferred tax liabilities
Offset against deferred tax assets Total deferred tax liabilities, net Net deferred tax assets
2) Details of changes in deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
Details of changes in deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented as follows:
Beginning balance of net deferred tax assets Deferred tax expense
Income tax on other comprehensive income Acquisition through business combinations Other
Ending balance of net deferred tax assets
JPY
USD
           1,247
 96 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
2020
1,075
20
0
2019
  3,054
(2,782) 1,086
(88) (22)
1,247
2020
 11,461
   (1,967)
(18,080)
9,884
186
3
   375
3,454

3) Deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses carried forward for which deferred tax assets were not recognized
The breakdown of deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses carried forward (by expiry date), for which deferred tax assets were not recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position are presented as follows:
JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 8,425
8,172
580 23,304 10,587 62
77,420
13,022
119,661
14,167
130,185
8,844
81,270
35
 326
 36,070
  34,535
 331,442
    Deductible temporary differences Tax losses carried forward
Within one year to expiry
Between one and five years to expiry Between five and ten years to expiry Over ten years to expiry
Total tax losses carried forward
  4) Temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries for which deferred tax liabilities were not recognized
The total amounts of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries for which deferred tax liabilities were not recog- nized as of March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 are ¥32,336 million ($297,126 thousand) and ¥28,397 million, respectively. Because the Consolidated Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of such temporary differences, and it is probable that such tempo- rary differences will not be reversed within the foreseeable future, it did not recognize deferred tax liabilities with respect to such tem- porary differences.
(2) Income taxes
1) Breakdown of income taxes
The breakdown of income taxes is presented as follows:
Current tax expense (Note 1) Deferred tax expense (Note 2)
Origination and reversal of temporary differences Reassessment of recoverability of deferred tax assets Total deferred tax expense
Total income taxes
JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 (6,742)
(5,945)
(2,771) (11)
(61,956)
(1,781)
(16,371)
(186)
 (1,709)
 (1,967)
  (2,782)
 (18,080)
 (8,710)
 (8,728)
 (80,036)
       (Notes) 1. The amounts of the benefits arising from previously unrecognized tax losses or temporary differences of a prior period that were used to reduce current tax expenses for the years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 were ¥134 million ($1,231 thousand) and ¥12 million, respectively, and these benefits were included in the current tax expenses.
2. Major causes for deferred tax expense by type are tax losses carried forward of ¥(1,219) million ($(11,205) thousand) and goodwill of ¥(1,036) million ($(9,521) thousand) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, and loss allowance of ¥(2,230) million and goodwill of ¥(790) million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
2) Reconciliation of statutory effective income tax rate in Japan
Reconciliations between the statutory effective tax rate in Japan and the average effective tax rate of the Consolidated Group were as follows:
   2020
 30.6%
0.6%
0.7%
(0.2%)
(0.5%)
1.1%
 32.3%
     Statutory effective tax rate (Adjustments)
Permanent differences—additions such as entertainment expenses
Effect of reassessment of recoverability of deferred tax assets
Effect of tax rate differences
Share of profit (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method
Other
Average effective tax rate
2019 30.6%
1.2%
0.0%
(0.1)%
(0.2)%
(1.7)% 29.9%
    The statutory effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 are calculated to be 30.6% and 30.6% based on the Corporation Tax, Inhabitant Tax and Business Tax in Japan.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 97
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 30. Financial Instruments
(1) Classification of financial instruments
The breakdown of financial instruments for each classification is presented as follows:
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Trade and other receivables
Other financial assets
Total financial assets measured at amortized cost
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Other investments
Other financial assets
Total financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income Other investments
Total financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Total financial assets
Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
Trade and other payables
Bonds and borrowings
Lease Liabilities (Note)
Other financial liabilities (Note)
Total financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
Other financial liabilities
Total financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 88,941
 91,105
 837,132
 228,749 7,188
206,348
1,896,064
10,637
 97,745
 216,986
 235,938
 1,993,809
 3,962 575
 3,647
33,512
2,116
 19,447
 5,763
 4,538
 52,959
 28,453
 24,632
 226,335
 24,632
 28,453
226,335
 338,486
 357,871
  3,110,234
 196,054 139,504 1,041 6,183
 172,922
1,588,920
143,394
1,317,598
17,555
161,309
5,965
 54,812
 339,836
 342,784
 3,122,639
 1,504
 712
 6,546
 712
  1,504
 6,546
 340,549
 344,289
 3,129,185
       Total financial liabilities
(Note) The details of changing accounting policies and changing presentation methods are presented in Note 2. Basis of Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements.
 (2) Basic policies for risk management of financial instruments
The Consolidated Group is an integrated trading company engaged in a wide range of business activities on a global basis. Its headquarters includes business sections that handle mer- chandising, trading, product manufacturing, services, project planning and management, investments and financing activi- ties, both domestically and internationally. Such businesses are inherently exposed to various risks. The Consolidated Group defines and classifies risks per risk item and manages each of them in accordance with its nature.
(3) Credit risk management
1) Credit risks of financial assets owned by the Company (risk exposure and the occurrence of the relevant risk) The Consolidated Group extends credit to a large number of
customers in Japan and abroad in diverse business transactions, resulting in a number of financial assets such as trade receiv- ables, loans and other financial assets. These financial assets provide credit accommodation to the various customers; there- fore, the Consolidated Group is mainly exposed to the credit risks related to those customers.
Each department manages credit exposure to each customer by assigning credit ratings on a customer-by-customer basis and setting credit exposure limits within the framework of the Consolidated Group’s credit risk control.
98 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

2) Responses to the risk owned by the Company (purpose, policy and procedure of the risk management and method used to measure such risks)
The Consolidated Group manages its credit risk to the customers by defining risk management methods and management sys- tems for specific risks in accordance with the regulations on risk management. Based on such regulations, the Consolidated Group mitigates credit risk through periodical monitoring of the customer’s credit status and undertaking the maturity control and account balance control, while detecting promptly any doubtful accounts caused by deterioration in the financial con- ditions of customers and other factors. Expected credit losses are recognized and measured through transactions and financial information related to customers available in the course of such credit risk management, while taking macroeconomic condi- tions such as the number of bankruptcies into consideration.
With regard to loans, the Consolidated Group determines there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial assets since initial recognition in cases where the cash collection of the financial assets was delayed (as well as the case of request for a grace period) after the trade date. However, even when
a late payment or request for grace period occurs, the Consolidated Group does not determine that there has been
a significant increase in credit risk if such late payment or request for grace period would be attributable to temporary cash shortage, the risk of default would be low and objective data such as external credit ratings would reveal their ability to fulfill the obligation of contractual cash flow in the near future.
However, the Consolidated Group determines that the credit of the financial assets are impaired, when late payment or request for grace period do not arise from temporary cash shortage but significant financial difficulty of the debtor and the recoverability of the modified financial assets is significantly doubtful.
The Consolidated Group determines there has been a significant increase in the credit risk of debt instruments since initial recogni- tion when an “investment grade” at the initial recognition deterio- rates to the level below investment grade. For such purpose, rating information provided by major rating agencies is used.
When guaranteeing the debts of its customers, the Consolidated Group establishes the guarantee limit amounts based upon the financial position and business condition of the customers. The guarantee limit amounts are periodically reviewed and maintained at appropriate levels.
When entering into derivative transactions, the Consolidated Group selects only major financial institutions with high credit ratings assigned by independent rating agencies so as to minimize the credit risks. In addition, the Consolidated Group periodically reviews credit limits in accordance with the internal regulations.
The Consolidated Group considers trade receivables, loans receiv- able, and debt instruments as default when all or part of those financial instruments are not recovered or the recoverability of those financial instruments is determined to be extremely difficult.
Moreover, the Consolidated Group directly writes off the gross carrying amounts of the credit-impaired financial assets when all or part of the financial assets are evaluated to be uncollectible and determined that it is appropriate to be written off as a result of credit check.
(i) Measurement of expected credit losses on trade receivables
As trade receivables do not contain a significant financing com- ponent, the Consolidated Group measures loss allowance at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses until the trade receivables are recovered. With regard to past due receiv- ables, the Consolidated Group estimates the lifetime credit loss- es on the financial instruments individually and measures the amount of loss allowance based upon historical credit loss expe- rience and future recoverable amount. Moreover, as performing trade receivables comprise a number of customers, the Consolidated Group measures expected credit loss collectively by grouping those receivables and considering historical credit loss experience. When those receivables are affected by a mate- rial economic change, the provision rate calculated based upon the historical credit loss experience is adjusted to reflect current and future economic prospect.
Even when a late payment or request for grace period has occurred, the Consolidated Group does not regard them as past due receivables if such late payment or request for grace period would be attributable to temporary cash shortage as the risk of default would be low, and the debtors are evaluated to have a strong ability to fulfill the obligation of contractual cash flow in the near future.
(ii) Measurement of expected credit losses on other receivables
When credit risk related to loans has not increased significantly since the initial recognition at the end of the reporting period, the Consolidated Group calculates the amount of loss allowance of the financial instruments by estimating the 12-months expected credit losses collectively based upon historical credit loss experience. When those receivables are affected by a mate- rial economic change, the provision rate calculated based upon the historical credit loss experience is adjusted to reflect current and future economic prospect.
However, when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition as of the end of the fiscal year, the Consolidated Group estimates the lifetime credit losses on the financial instruments individually and measures the amount of loss allowance based upon historical credit loss experience and future recoverable amount.
(iii) Measurement of the expected credit losses on the other investments (debt securities)
When credit risk related to debt securities has not increased sig- nificantly since initial recognition at the end of the reporting period, the Consolidated Group calculates the amount of loss allowance of the financial instruments by estimating the 12-months expected credit losses. However, when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition as of the end of the fiscal year, the Consolidated Group esti- mates the lifetime credit losses on the financial instruments and measures the amount of loss allowance of the financial instru- ments. When estimating such expected credit losses, the Consolidated Group uses the default rate published by major rating agencies.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 99
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

3) Quantitative and qualitative information on the amounts arising from expected credit losses
(i) Trade and other receivables
Loss allowance
As of April 1, 2018
1. Reclassification to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
5. Increase (decrease) resulting from changes in the provision rate based on historical credit loss experience
As of March 31, 2019
1. Reclassification to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
5. Increase (decrease) resulting from changes in the provision rate based on historical credit loss experience
As of March 31, 2020
Gross carrying amount
As of April 1, 2018
1. Financial assets reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
As of March 31, 2019
1. Financial assets reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
As of March 31, 2020
Loss allowance
As of March 31, 2019
1. Reclassification to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
5. Increase (decrease) resulting from changes in the provision rate based on historical credit loss experience
As of March 31, 2020
(JPY)
   Lifetime expected credit losses
  Collective assessment 3
—
0 — —
10
15 —
(2) — —
6 19
Credit-impaired financial assets 1,981
75
(62) (185)
2 —
1,811 264 17
(68) (1)
— 2,024
                  (JPY)
   Lifetime expected credit losses
  Collective assessment 221,912
(75)
6,681 — — 228,519
(534)
(22,120) —
— 205,864
Credit-impaired financial assets 2,239
75
(74) (185)
2 2,057
534
5 (68) (1)
2,527
                  (USD)
   Lifetime expected credit losses
  Collective assessment 139
—
(20) — —
58 178
Credit-impaired financial assets 16,649
2,431
158 (627) (12)
— 18,598
            100 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

Gross carrying amount
As of March 31, 2019
1. Financial assets reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Changes due to foreign exchange
As of March 31, 2020
(ii) Other investments (debt instrument securities)
Loss allowance
As of April 1, 2018
1 Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
(a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses
(b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
(c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Increase (decrease) due to changes in default rate
As of March 31, 2019
1 Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
(a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses
(b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
(c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Increase (decrease) due to changes in default rate
As of March 31, 2020
Lifetime expected credit losses
(USD)
  Collective assessment
2,099,781
(4,907)
(203,256) —
—
1,891,618
12 months
5
Credit-impaired financial assets
 18,908
4,907
46 (627) (12)
23,222
Lifetime
(JPY)
    Expected credit losses
Individual assessment
—
Credit-impaired financial assets
—
    ——— — — — ———
———
(5) — — ———
———
———
——— ——— ———
———
——— ———
———
———
    KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 101
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

——— 2. Incurrence or collection (1,000) — —
3. Direct write-off 4. Other changes
As of March 31, 2019
1. Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
(a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses
(b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
(c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection 3. Direct write-off
4. Other changes
As of March 31, 2020
Loss allowance
As of March 31, 2019
1. Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
(a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses
(b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
(c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection
3. Direct write-off
4. Increase (decrease) due to changes in default rate
As of March 31, 2020
Gross carrying amount
As of March 31, 2019
1. Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
(a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses
(b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
(c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
2. Incurrence or collection 3. Direct write-off
4. Other changes
As of March 31, 2020
——— ———
———
——— ——— ———
———
— —— — —— — ——
— ——
(JPY)
  Gross carrying amount
As of April 1, 2018
1. Changes in financial instruments recognized at the beginning of the period
(a) Reclassified to lifetime expected credit losses
(b) Reclassified to credit-impaired financial assets
(c) Individual financial assets reclassified from credit-impaired financial assets
12 months
1,000
Expected credit losses
Individual assessment
—
Lifetime
 Credit-impaired financial assets
—
  ———
— — — — — —
    (USD)
 Expected credit losses
 12 months
Lifetime
 Individual assessment Credit-impaired financial assets
 ———
———
——— ———
———
——— ———
———
———
Expected credit losses
(USD)
     12 months Lifetime
Individual assessment Credit-impaired financial assets
———
———
——— ———
———
——— ——— ———
———
     (iii) There is no contractual, uncollected balance for financial assets written off during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, for which collecting efforts are still being made.
102 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

4) Credit risk exposure
Trade and other receivables
As of March 31, 2020
Performing receivables Past due receivables
Total
Balance of receivables (gross)
JPY USD
Provision rate based on historical credit loss experience
Lifetime expected credit losses
JPY USD
     205,864
 1,891,618
 0.01%
 19
 178
2,527
 23,222
 80.09%
 2,024
 18,598
 208,392
 1,914,840
 —
 2,043
 18,776
    Past due receivables include loans receivable of ¥1,712 million ($15,738 thousand), for which a loss allowance of ¥1,479 million ($13,591 thousand) has been already recognized.
As of March 31, 2019
Performing receivables Past due receivables
Total
Balance of receivables (gross) JPY
228,519 2,057
230,576
Provision rate based on historical credit loss experience
0.01% 88.05%
—
Lifetime expected credit losses JPY
15 1,811
1,827
         Past due receivables include loans receivable of ¥1,724 million, for which a loss allowance of ¥1,479 million has been already recognized.
5) Maximum exposure to credit risks
The Consolidated Group’s maximum exposure to credit risks is as follows:
The Consolidated Group’s maximum credit risk exposure (gross) represents the amount of the maximum exposure with respect to
credit risks without taking into account any collateral held or other credit enhancement. The Consolidated Group’s maximum credit risk exposure (net) represents the amount of the maximum exposure with respect to credit risks reflecting the mitigation effect of the col- lateral held or other credit enhancement.
As of March 31, 2020
Cash and cash equivalents
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Trade and other receivables
Other financial assets
Total
Gross carrying amount
JPY USD
Loss allowance
Maximum credit risk exposure (gross)
Total collateral pledged and credit enhancements
Maximum
credit risk exposure (net)
JPY USD
  JPY
USD JPY
USD
JPY
USD
  91,105
 837,132
 —
 —
 91,105
 837,132
 —
 —
 91,105
 837,132
208,392
1,914,840
(2,043)
(18,776)
206,348
1,896,064
(296)
(2,726)
206,052
1,893,338
10,637
97,745
—
—
10,637
97,745
—
—
10,637
97,745
 310,134
  2,849,717
  (2,043)
  (18,776)
  308,091
  2,830,941
  (296)
  (2,726)
  307,794
  2,828,215
    The amount of loss allowance for credit-impaired financial assets is reduced by ¥296 million ($2,726 thousand) through collateral pledged and credit enhancements.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 103
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

As of March 31, 2019
Cash and cash equivalents
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Trade and other receivables Other financial assets
Total
Gross carrying amount
JPY
88,941
230,576 7,188
326,707
Loss allowance
Maximum credit risk exposure (gross)
JPY
88,941
228,749 7,188
324,880
Total collateral pledged and credit enhancements
JPY
—
(173) —
(173)
Maximum
credit risk exposure (net)
JPY
88,941
228,576 7,188
324,706
  JPY
—
(1,827) —
(1,827)
      The amount of loss allowance for credit-impaired financial assets is reduced by ¥173 million through collateral pledged and credit enhancements.
(4) Liquidity risk management
The Consolidated Group raises funds through borrowings from financial institutions or issuance of bonds. Accordingly, in the event of a disruption to the financial system or financial/capital markets, or a major downgrade of the Consolidated Group’s credit rating by a rating agency, the Consolidated Group’s fundraising becomes constrained and consequently there is a possibility that the Consolidated Group will not be able to carry out the payment on the date of payment.
The Consolidated Group has sufficient levels of cash and cash equivalents and maintains a long-term (unused) commitment line agreement with a major financial institution in the amount of ¥10.0 billion ($91,886 thousand) to ensure liquidity and stability of funds. The Consolidated Group makes efforts to maintain good relationships with each financial institution.
1) Non-derivative financial liabilities
The breakdown of non-derivative financial liabilities by due date is presented as follows: As of March 31, 2020
 Within one year
Between one and five years
Over five years
Total
 JPY USD JPY
USD
JPY
USD
JPY
USD
  172,922
 1,588,920
 —
 —
 —
 —
 172,922
 1,588,920
5,079
46,678
10,241
94,106
—
—
15,321
140,784
63,779
586,045
61,303
563,300
4,886
44,901
129,969
1,194,246
6,373
58,563
8,507
78,172
2,683
24,660
17,564
161,395
3,042
27,955
—
—
0
3
3,042
27,957
850
7,814
18
174
1,843
16,943
2,713
24,931
209
 1,923
 —
 —
 —
 —
 209
 1,923
 252,256
 2,317,897
 80,071
 735,753
 9,414
 86,507
 341,743
 3,140,156
  Trade and other payables Bonds
Borrowings
Lease liabilities
Deposits received Guarantee deposits received Other
Total As of March 31, 2019
Trade and other payables
Bonds 81 Borrowings 75,238
Between one and five years
JPY
— 10,201 48,886 674 — 17 —
59,779
Over five years
JPY
— 5,020 2,466 69 0 1,608 —
9,164
Total
JPY
196,054 15,302 126,591 1,154 3,506 2,564 112
345,287
   Within one year
JPY
  Lease liabilities
Deposits received
Guarantee deposits received
Other 112
Total 276,343
196,054
410 3,506 938
  The Consolidated Group has guarantee obligations of ¥1,025 million ($9,427 thousand) and ¥1,165 million as of March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 respectively.
104 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

2) Derivative liabilities
The breakdown of derivative liabilities by due date is presented as follows: As of March 31, 2020
 Within one year
Between one and five years
Over five years
Total
 JPY USD JPY
USD
JPY
USD
JPY
USD
         33,803
310,612
605
5,560
—
—
34,409
316,172
34,207
 314,325
 612
 5,628
 —
 —
 34,820
 319,953
 404
 3,712
 7
 68
 —
 —
 411
 3,781
 107
991
95
873
—
—
202
1,864
 86
  794
  1
  13
  —
  —
  87
  807
 598
 5,497
 103
 955
 —
 —
 702
 6,452
  Currency-related derivatives Cash inflows
Cash outflows
Subtotal Interest rate-related derivatives
Commodity-related derivatives Total
As of March 31, 2019
Currency-related derivatives Cash inflows
Cash outflows
Within one year
JPY
35,357 35,849
Between one and five years
JPY
58 60
1
207
—
209
Over five years
JPY
— —
—
—
—
—
Total
JPY
35,416 35,910
494
402
579
1,475
        Subtotal 492
Interest rate-related derivatives 194
Commodity-related derivatives 579
Total 1,266
(5) Market risk management
In many cases, the foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and risk of price fluctuations associated with goods traded incidental to business transactions are hedged in with the transaction terms with trade partners, etc. In addition, the Consolidated Group has established a system under which a limit (position limit) and a loss limit are set for foreign exchange, interest rates (funds), products and their derivatives, taking into account the scale of the risk and the income of each internal unit and company, so that it can quickly reduce its position when the predetermined limit is exceeded. Also, the price fluctuation risk of these posi- tions are mitigated by using derivatives as a hedge. The positions are reported to management meeting regularly. When the pre- determined limit is exceeded, the Consolidated Group mitigates these positions after the analysis of the reason without delay.
1) Foreign currency risk
(i) Nature of foreign currency risk and its management policy
The Consolidated Group is engaged in foreign currency transac- tions in various currencies and terms incidental to its export and import trading. The Consolidated Group participates in deriva- tives transactions such as forward contracts to reduce the risk of currency fluctuation.
The Consolidated Group also has local subsidiaries and busi- ness corporations overseas. Account balances at these companies are converted into yen at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period, for the purposes of preparing consolidated
financial statements. As a result, equity attributable to owners of the Parent may change through exchange difference of foreign operations associated with exchange rate fluctuations.
In principle, the Consolidated Group enters into forward exchange contracts to hedge against the exchange rate currency fluctuation risk of foreign currency-denominated receivables and payables that are controlled by currency and by contract month. The Consolidated Group also enters into forward exchange contracts to hedge against foreign currency-denominated receivables and payables that are highly probable to arise from export/import-related forecast transactions.
(ii) Sensitivity analysis of foreign currency risk
In regards to financial instruments held by the Consolidated Group as of the end of the reporting period, the following chart shows the amounts affecting profit before tax and other com- prehensive income (before tax effect adjustments), as reported in the consolidated financial statements, that would result from 1% appreciation of Japanese Yen against U.S. dollars.
The analysis is performed based on the assumption that all the other variables are held constant.
In addition, such analysis does not include the affected amounts based on translations (into Japanese yen) of financial instruments denominated in functional currency, income and expenses denominated in foreign currency and assets and liabili- ties of foreign operations.
        KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 105
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

      Profit before tax U.S. dollar
Other comprehensive income U.S. dollar
2) Interest rate risk
(i) Nature of interest rate risk and its management policy
The Consolidated Group raises most funds needed for operating and financing activities in the form of borrowings from financial institutions at variable interest rates, with the exception of cer- tain loans. Since these borrowings and fund management are exposed to an interest rate risk, interest expenses for the Consolidated Group may increase with a rise in interest rates.
The Company and certain consolidated subsidiaries enter into interest rate swap contracts to avoid the interest rate fluctuation risk stemming from the borrowings.
Profit before tax
3) Commodity price risk
(i) Nature of commodity price risk and its management policy
In its mainstay commodity trading business in Japan and over- seas, the Consolidated Group deals with grains, meat products and petroleum products which are influenced by market condi- tions. When the positions in these commodities increase, the Consolidated Group will be exposed to the commodity price fluctuation risk stemming from rapid movements in commodi- ties prices or a decline in demand.
The Consolidated Group strives to reduce our exposure to price volatility by hedge-selling commodities, matching the quantity and timing of buying and selling, and utilizing commodity-related derivatives for hedging purposes.
Profit before tax Foods
Fuels
Other comprehensive income
Foods Fuels
4) Share price risk
(i) Nature of share price risk and its management policy
The Consolidated Group holds marketable securities, which are exposed to the market price fluctuation risk.
The Consolidated Group attempts to reduce share price risk by periodically reviewing its shares held by the Consolidated Group and selling those shares that it holds without strong rationale.
JPY USD
10 (181)
(ii) Sensitivity analysis of interest rate risk
In regards to financial instruments held by the Consolidated Group at the end of the reporting period, the following table shows the amounts affecting profit before tax assuming that the interest rate increases by 1%.
Under the analysis, the amounts affecting profit before tax are calculated by multiplying the net balance of floating rate finan- cial instruments as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 by 1%, without considering future changes in the net balance, currency exchange fluctuations and dispersing effects for floating rate borrowings derived from the difference in timing of refinancing and resetting of the interest rate, and based on the assumption that all the other variables are held constant.
JPY USD (883)
(ii) Sensitivity analysis of commodity price risk
In regards to commodity-related derivatives held by the Consolidated Group at the end of the reporting period, the following table shows the amounts affecting profit before tax and other comprehensive income (before the tax effect) assuming that the commodity price decreases by 1%.
The analysis is performed based on the assumption that all the other variables are held constant.
JPY USD
(74) (59) (14)
(1) (1) —
(ii) Sensitivity analysis of share price risk
In regards to listed shares held by the Consolidated Group at the end of the reporting period, the following table shows the amounts affecting other comprehensive income (before the tax effect) assuming that the share price decreases by 1%.
The analysis is performed based on the assumption that all the other variables are held constant.
(273)
2019
2020
  (31)
(290)
(2,514)
   2020
      106 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
2020
  (969)
2019
2020
  (8,908)
   2020
2020
  (49)
(26)
(0)
(0)
—
2019
 (75)
(698)
(451)
(247)
(4)
(4)
—

   Fair values of financial instruments are presented as follows:
Fair values are categorized into three levels of the fair value hierarchy depending on inputs to valuation techniques; details are
described in Note 2. Basis of Preparing Consolidated Financial Statements: (4) Use of estimates and judgments. 2) Financial instruments measured at amortized cost
2020
2020
JPY
USD
 2019
2020
     Other comprehensive income
(6) Fair value of financial instruments
1) Fair value measurement
(164)
(143)
(1,322)
      Type
Financial assets
Trade and other receivables Guarantee deposits
Other financial assets
Total Financial liabilities
Bonds and borrowings
Long-term lease obligations
Long-term deposits received
Long-term guarantee deposits received
Total
Carrying amount
JPY USD
Fair value
2019
Carrying amount
Fair value
1,449 3,592 623
5,665
65,393 670 0
1,625
67,690
 JPY
USD
JPY
     1,428
13,126
1,428
13,126
6,783
62,331
6,783
62,331
586
 5,390
 586
 5,390
 8,798
80,846
8,798
80,846
    75,229
691,257
75,273
691,661
11,251
103,390
11,251
103,390
0
3
0
3
1,862
17,118
1,862
17,118
 88,344
  811,768
  88,388
  812,172
   1,449 3,592 623
5,665
65,188 670 0
1,625
67,485
        The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables, other financial assets, trade and other payables, bonds and borrowings and other financial liabilities, all of which are categorized into current assets or current liabilities of financial instruments measured at amortized cost, approximate their fair values; therefore, those amounts are not included in the table above.
The fair values stated above are calculated as follows:
(i) Trade and other receivables
The fair value of trade and other receivables is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
(ii) Guarantee deposits
The fair value of guarantee deposits is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
(iii) Other financial assets
The fair value of other financial assets is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
(iv) Bonds and borrowings
The fair value of bonds is determined based on their market price. The fair value of borrowings is the present value of the sum of
principal and interest payments discounted using an assumed interest rate on equivalent incremental borrowings.
(v) Long-term lease liabilities
The fair value of long-term lease liabilities is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
(vi) Long-term deposits received
The fair value of the long-term deposits received is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
(vii) Long-term guarantee deposits received
The fair value of long-term guarantee deposits received is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to maturity and credit risk.
Financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized cost are categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 107
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

3) Financial instruments measured at fair value
(i) Analysis of fair value by hierarchy level
The following tables provide the breakdown by hierarchy level of financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on
a recurring basis. No financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. There were no material transfers between different levels for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019.
As of March 31, 2020
Assets
Other investments
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Stock
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Stock
Other financial assets
Derivative transactions: Foreign exchange Interest rate Commodity
Liabilities
Other financial liabilities
Derivative transactions: Foreign exchange Interest rate Commodity
Total As of March 31, 2019
Assets
Other investments
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Level 1
JPY
Level 2
Level 3
Total
  USD
JPY
USD JPY
USD
JPY
USD
         —
—
—
—
3,647
33,512
3,647
33,512
14,385
132,187
—
—
10,246
94,148
24,632
226,335
—
—
1,146
10,536
—
—
1,146
10,536
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
966
8,884
2
27
—
—
969
8,911
        —
—
(411)
(3,781)
—
—
(411)
(3,781)
—
—
(213)
(1,958)
—
—
(213)
(1,958)
(55)
 (512)
 (32)
 (294)
 —
 —
 (87)
 (807)
 15,296
 140,558
 492
 4,530
 13,893
 127,659
 29,683
 272,748
      Stock —
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Stock 16,590 Other financial assets
Derivative transactions:
Foreign exchange — Interest rate — Commodity 44
— 3,962
— 11,862
530 —
— —
— —
(494) — (431) — — —
(394) 15,825
3,962
28,453
530 — 44
(494) (431) (579)
31,486
Level 1
JPY
Level 2
Level 3
Total
 JPY JPY JPY
  Liabilities
Other financial liabilities
Derivative transactions: Foreign exchange Interest rate Commodity
Total
—
— (579)
16,055
  108 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

The methods of determining the fair value of the above instru- ments are described as follows:
(a) Other investments
The fair value of listed shares is the quoted price in an active market, and is categorized within fair value hierarchy Level 1.
The fair value of unlisted shares is calculated using valuation methods including discounted future cash flows, market prices of comparable companies, net asset value, and other valuation methods, and is categorized within fair value hierarchy Level 3. Measuring the fair value of unlisted shares involves the use of unobservable inputs such as discount rate and valuation multi- ples, as well as any necessary adjustments including discounts for a lack of liquidity.
The Company determines the policies and procedures for measuring the fair value of unlisted shares and convertible bonds, and reviews the approach to measuring fair value on a recurring basis including the valuation model, by obtaining the information on business operations and business plans associat- ed with each equity issuer and confirming the data from compa- rable public companies.
(b) Derivative financial assets and liabilities
Currency-related derivatives
The fair value of forward exchange transactions is calculated based on the forward exchange rate at the end of the fiscal year.
Interest rate-related derivatives
The fair value of interest-rate swaps is the present value of future cash flows discounted by an interest rate that reflects time to settlement, as well as market conditions.
Commodity-related derivatives
The fair value of commodity futures transactions is calculated using final prices on commodities exchanges as of the fiscal year-end. The fair value of commodity swap transactions is cal- culated based on the index prices publicly announced at the end of the fiscal year.
Commodity futures transactions are categorized within Level 1 of fair value hierarchy. All other derivative financial assets and liabilities are categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
   (ii) Recurring fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy
The changes in financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are presented as follows. There were no material transfers between different levels for the years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019.
    2020
Other investments
FVOCI
USD JPY
Purchase 110
Sale —
Foreign currency translation difference 118 0 118
2019
Other investments
FVPL FVOCI
    FVPL
Total
Total
 JPY
USD JPY
USD
JPY JPY JPY
4,168 14,133 18,302
  3,962
 36,414
 11,862
 109,001
 15,825
 145,416
      (452)
(4,161)
—
—
(452)
(4,161)
—
—
(1,692)
(15,551)
(1,692)
(15,551)
179
1,650
351
3,233
531
4,883
—
—
(202)
(1,864)
(202)
(1,864)
(42)
(392)
(0)
(1)
(42)
(393)
—
 —
 (72)
 (671)
 (72)
 (671)
 3,647
 33,512
 10,246
 94,148
 13,893
 127,659
   Balance at
the beginning of the year
Total gains or losses
Profit or loss (Note 1)
Other comprehensive income (Note 2)
(434) —
— (434) (2,161) (2,161)
  Other —
Balance at the end of the year 3,962
(1) (1)
11,862 15,825
156 267 (264) (264)
    FVPL: Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.
FVOCI: Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
(Notes) 1. The gains or losses are included in “Other finance income” or “Other finance costs” in the consolidated statement of income. Of those gains or losses
recognized in profit or loss, the amounts arising from financial instruments that were held at the period end are ¥(452) million ($(4,161) thousand) for the
fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 and ¥(434) million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.
2. The gains or losses are included in “Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income” in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 109
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

(iii) Quantitative Information about the financial instruments categorized within fair value hierarchy Level 3
The following tables present quantitative information on the material assets categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, which were measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
As of March 31, 2020
Category JPY
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit
or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit
or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
As of March 31, 2019
Category
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Fair value
Valuation technique
Significant unobservable inputs
Weighted average of input values
  USD
  1,887
  17,344
  Discounted cash flow method
Discount rate
  2.6%
 1,759
16,168
Net asset value method —
—
 9,241
 84,917
 Market multiple method
P/B ratio Illiquidity discount
 0.9 times 30.0%
 1,004
  9,231
  Net asset value method —
  —
       Fair value JPY
2,351
1,610
10,863
998
Valuation technique
Significant unobservable inputs
Discount rate
—
P/B ratio Illiquidity discount
—
Weighted average of input values
3.1%
—
1.1 times 30.0%
—
  Discounted cash flow method
Net asset value method
Market multiple method
Net asset value method
    The significant unobservable inputs used in measuring the fair value of unlisted shares are the discount rate, illiquidity discount and P/B ratio (price-to-book ratio). A substantial increase (or decrease) in the discount rate or illiquidity discount causes the fair value to sub- stantially fall (or rise), while a substantial increase (or decrease) in the P/B ratio causes the fair value to substantially rise (or fall).
(7) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
With respect to investments in equity instruments held for the purpose of maintaining and strengthening relationships with business partners, the Consolidated Group has designated such investments as financial assets to be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income in view of the holding purpose.
1) Fair value of major items of investment
The following tables present the fair value of major items of investment in equity instruments designated as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
As of March 31, 2020
Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc. MARUDAI FOOD CO., LTD. Nisshin Seifun Group Inc. Daio Paper Corporation SOTSU CORPORATION
Name of issuer
Amount
   JPY
USD
  2,962
 27,223
2,347
21,572
1,639
15,068
1,116
10,261
984
9,046
980
9,013
946
8,696
788
7,250
652
5,994
488
4,486
11,723
 107,726
  The Norinchukin Bank
BOT Lease Co., Ltd.
SHIN KURUSHIMA DOCKYARD CO., LTD. Alpha Group Inc.
F.C.C. CO., LTD.
Other
 110 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

As of March 31, 2019
Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc. Nisshin Seifun Group Inc. MARUDAI FOOD CO., LTD. SOTSU CORPORATION
Name of issuer
Amount JPY
3,209 2,311 2,258 1,299 1,148 1,049 1,042
974 937 723
13,498
     BOT Lease Co., Ltd.
SHIN KURUSHIMA DOCKYARD CO., LTD. Daio Paper Corporation
nms Holdings Corporation
The Norinchukin Bank
F.C.C. Co., Ltd.
Other
2) Dividend income
Investments derecognized during the year Investments held at the end of the year
Total
JPY
USD
   2020
  2019
  2020
 13
0 962
127
909
 8,355
 923
  962
 8,482
      3) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income that were derecognized during the fiscal year
The Consolidated Group periodically reviews its held shares and sells those shares that it holds without a strong rationale with gains or losses on sale recognized in other comprehensive income. The following table presents the fair value on the date of sale and cumulative gains or losses on sale.
JPY
USD
    2020
2019
2020
    Fair value on the date of sale Cumulative gains (losses) on sale
4) Reclassification to retained earnings
267 257
The Consolidated Group reclassifies to retained earnings cumulative gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income in either of the following cases: when an investment is disposed of, or when there is a significant decline in the fair value. Such cumulative gains or losses in other comprehensive income that were reclas- sified to retained earnings for the years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 were ¥(162) million ($(1,491) thousand) and ¥163 million, respectively.
(8) Hedge Accounting
(Cash Flow Hedge)
A cash flow hedge is a hedge of the exposure to variability in future cash flows arising from a forecast transaction or recognized assets or liabilities. While a hedge is designated as cash flow hedge as long as the hedge is effective, the changes in the fair value of qualifying hedging instrument should be recorded as other comprehensive income in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income. The Consolidated Group continues such accounting treatment until variability in future cash flows arising from unrecognized forecast trans- actions or recognized assets or liabilities designated as hedged items are recorded in profit or loss. Moreover, portions determined to be ineffective for hedging accounting are recognized in profit or loss.
The Consolidated Group designates the following instruments as cash flow hedges: forward exchange contracts to fix cash flows from foreign currency denominated receivables and payables, foreign currency denominated firm commitments and foreign currency denominated forecast transactions, interest rate swaps to fix variable interest rate on floating rate financial liabilities, and commodity futures to fix cash flows from forecast transactions of commodity trade.
When applying hedge accounting, the Consolidated Group confirms that there are economic relationships between the hedged items and hedging instruments through qualitative assessments, which show whether the critical terms of the hedging instruments and the hedged items match exactly or are closely aligned, and quantitative assessments, which show fluctuations of the value of hedged items and hedging instruments by the same risk offset each other, in order to confirm there are economic relationships that variability in fair value or cash flows of the hedged items that are attributable to the hedged risk shall be offset by the changes in fair value or cash flows of the hedging instruments. The Consolidated Group also establishes appropriate hedge ratios considering an eco- nomic relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items as well as risk management strategy.
The amounts recognized in profit or loss for the ineffective portion of the hedge are not material both for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019. In addition, the amounts reclassified from valuation differences on cash flow hedges to profit or loss are immaterial because the forecast transactions are no longer expected to occur.
436
203
4,013
1,866
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 111
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Following are the carrying amounts of the hedging instruments as of March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019. The fair value of financial assets related to hedging instruments is included in “Other financial assets” while the fair value of financial liabilities related to hedging instruments is included in “Other financial liabilities” in the consolidated statements of financial position.
As of March 31, 2020
Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
As of March 31, 2019
Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
JPY
Notional amount
USD
Notional amount
JPY
31,429 21,100 281
JPY
Derivative assets
Derivative assets
JPY
220 — 2
Carrying amount
USD
Carrying amount
Derivative liabilities
JPY USD
Derivative liabilities
JPY
164 431 27
          35,907
329,943
558
5,128
191
1,756
13,200
121,290
—
—
213
1,958
202
 1,859
 10
 100
 4
 44
        The longest terms of hedging cash flow fluctuation risks by “Forward exchange contracts”, “Interest rate swap contracts” and “Commodity price risk” are about 4 years 6 months, 2 years 6 months and 1 year 8 months, respectively.
The following tables present the carrying amount of cash flow hedge reserve as of March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019. As of March 31, 2020
 Cash flow hedge reserve for continuing hedges (before tax)
Cash flow hedge reserve
for discontinuing hedge accounting (before tax)
 JPY
USD JPY
USD
     366
3,372
—
—
(213)
(1,958)
—
—
6
 57
 (1)
 (11)
  Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
As of March 31, 2019
Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
Cash flow hedge reserve for continuing hedges (before tax)
JPY
56 (431) (24)
Cash flow hedge reserve
for discontinuing hedge accounting (before tax)
JPY
—
— (24)
     112 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

The following tables present the carrying amounts of transactions that affected the consolidated statements of comprehensive income as a result of applying hedge accounting for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019.
Fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 (from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020)
 Change in value of hedging instruments recognized in other comprehensive income
Reclassification from cash flow hedge reserve to profit or loss
Line item for which profit or loss was affected by reclassification
Other income Interest expenses Cost of sales
Line item for which profit or loss was affected by reclassification
Other expenses Interest expenses Cost of sales
 JPY
USD JPY USD
     333
3,066
(22)
(210)
20
185
198
1,821
4
 45
 49
 451
   Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
  Fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 (from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019)
 Change in value of hedging instruments recognized in other comprehensive income
Reclassification from cash flow hedge reserve to profit or loss
  Foreign currency risk
Forward exchange contracts
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swap contracts
Commodity price risk Commodity futures contracts
(9) Transfer of financial assets
JPY JPY
220 488 (66) 215 (49) 33
   The Consolidated Group liquidates certain trade receivables by discounting notes or the like. However, with respect to some liquidated receivables, the Consolidated Group may be obligated to make payments as recourse for non-payment by the debtor. The Consolidated Group continues to recognize such liquidated receivables as they do not meet the criteria for derecognition of financial assets.
The Consolidated Group recognized such liquidated assets as “Trade and other receivables” in the amount of ¥2,592 million ($23,825 thousand) and ¥5,028 million as of March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019, respectively. In addition, liabilities relating to the deposit amounts which arose upon the transfer of such assets were accounted for as “Bonds and borrowings” in the amount of ¥2,592 million ($23,825 thousand) and ¥5,028 million as of March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019, respectively. Such liabilities are settled when payments for such liquidated assets are made, and the Consolidated Group may not use such liquidated assets until such settlement occurs.
(10) Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
The following tables present the financial assets and financial liabilities recognized for the same counterparties including financial instruments that were not offset even though they were covered by an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement because they did not meet some or all of the offsetting criteria as of March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019.
JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 2,116
575
530 — 44
(265)
19,447
1,146
10,536
—
—
969
8,911
(413)
(3,796)
 1,703
  309
  15,651
    Amounts of financial assets presented in the consolidated statement of financial position
Foreign exchange Interest rate Commodity
Amounts that were not offset even though they were covered by an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement because they did not meet some or all of the offsetting criteria
Net amounts
  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 113
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 712
1,504
494 431 579
(265) (534)
6,546
411
3,781
213
1,958
87
807
(413)
(3,796)
—
 —
 299
  704
 2,750
    Amounts of financial liabilities presented in the consolidated statements of financial position
Foreign exchange Interest rate Commodity
Amounts that were not offset even though they were covered by an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement because they did not meet some or all of the offsetting criteria
Financial collateral pledged
Net amounts
Certain financial assets and financial liabilities have not been offset because they do not meet some or all of the criteria for offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities. The rights to offset such financial assets and financial liabilities become enforceable only under particular circumstances, such as when the other party fails to discharge an obligation due to its bankruptcy or other such reasons.
31. Leases
(1) Lessee
The Consolidated Group leases office building, computer-related equipment for the enterprise system (tools, furniture and fixtures) and other assets.
The profit (loss) amounts the Consolidated Group recognized as lessee for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 are as follows:
   JPY USD
 2020
  2020
 (5,631)
(51,741)
(303)
(2,791)
(2)
 (17)
 (5,936)
(54,550)
 (46)
 (430)
(1,984)
(18,232)
50
461
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets
Buildings and structures
Machinery, vehicles, tools, furniture and fixtures Others
Total
Interest expense on lease liabilities Short-term lease expenses Sublease income
The cash outflow related to lease payments for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 are as follows: Cash outflow for leases
JPY USD
   2020
  2020
 7,828
71,946
  The information on the balance and increase or decrease of the right-of-use assets are provided in Note 10. Property, Plant and Equipment and Note 11. Goodwill and Intangible Assets.
And the information on the breakdown of lease liabilities by due date is presented in Note 30. Financial Instruments: (4) Liquidity risk management
(2) Lessor
The Consolidated Group leases out machinery, plumping equipment of LPG, aircraft parts and other assets.
The profit (loss) amounts the Consolidated Group recognized as lessor for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 are as follows:
JPY USD
 2020
  2020
 16
148
91
844
   Profit (Loss) from finance leases Lease income from operating leases
114 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

The breakdown of lease receivables of finance lease and lease payments to be received of operating lease by due date as of March 31, 2020 are presented as follows:
 Lease receivables
JPY
USD
Lease payments to be received
JPY USD
  2020
  2020
  2020
  2020
 21
195
85
778
24
217
60
552
12
113
60
552
5
48
61
560
5
45
51
465
13
 118
 8
 71
 81
 739
 324
 2,980
    Within one year
Between one and two years Between two and three years Between three and four years Between four and five years Over five years
Total
32. Pledged Assets
   (1) Pledged assets and associated secured obligations
Details of pledged assets and associated secured obligations are as follows:
Pledged assets:
Other financial assets (non-current) Property, plant and equipment
Total
Associated secured obligations: Short-term borrowings (current) Long-term borrowings (non-current)
Total
JPY
USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 20 632
20
184
1,464
 13,461
 1,484
 652
 13,645
 1,162 645
 1,466
13,477
921
 8,472
 2,388
  1,808
 21,948
        Trust receipts issued under customary import financing arrangements give banks a security interest in the goods imported or sales pro- ceeds resulting from the sales of the goods. However, due to the large volume of transactions, it is impracticable to determine the aggregate amounts of assets covered by outstanding trust receipts and those transactions were not included in the above amounts.
(2) Assets pledged in lieu of guarantee money
The breakdown of assets pledged in lieu of guarantee money or the like is as follows:
Assets pledged in lieu of guarantee money or guarantee funds Other financial assets (current)
Other financial assets (non-current)
Other investments
Total
33. Contingent Liabilities
The Consolidated Group is contingently liable for guarantees on bank borrowings and trade payables owed by entities that do not belong to the Consolidated Group.
The Group may become responsible for the amounts that are unpayable by the borrower and for losses attached to the unpayable amounts.
JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 51
60 3,605
50
459
60
551
3,143
 28,885
 3,253
  3,717
 29,896
       Debt guarantees for equity method investees Debt guarantees for third parties
Total
JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 119
138 1,027
1,098
906
 8,329
 1,025
  1,165
 9,427
      (Notes) 1. The above amounts include those for quasi-guarantee acts.
2. Debt guarantees for third parties include the debt guarantees covered by the insurance agreements that is limited to ¥897 million ($8,244 thousand) for the
fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 and ¥1,011 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, respectively.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 115
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 34. Significant Subsidiaries
(1) Significant subsidiaries of the Company are as follows:
 Trade name
[Electronics & Devices]
Kanematsu Electronics Ltd.
Nippon Office Systems Ltd.
Kanematsu Communications Ltd.
Kanematsu Granks, Corp.
Kanematsu BD Communications Ltd.
G-Printec, Inc.
Kanematsu Futuretech Solutions Corporation
Kanekoh Electronics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu Industrial and Trading (Dalian F.T.Z.) Co., Ltd.
[Foods & Grain]
Kanematsu Shintoa Foods Corp.
Kanematsu Agritec Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu Soytech Corp.
KG Agri Products, Inc.
Kai Enterprises, Inc.
P.T. Kanemory Food Service
Location
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Koto-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Shibuya-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Kurume-shi, Fukuoka, Japan
Saiwai-ku, Kawasaki-shi, Kanagawa, Japan
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Shanghai, China
Dalian, China
Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Matsudo-shi, Chiba, Japan
Chuo-ku, Osaka, Japan
Ohio, U.S.A.
Washington, U.S.A.
Serang, Indonesia
Details of major operations
System integration of ICT and communications equipment
Development of software for and sales and maintenance of computers and computer peripherals, etc.
Sales of mobile communications devices; Mobile internet systems and services
Mobile contents delivery and mobile- related solution business
Percentage of voting rights (%)
   2020
2019
58.32 (0.40)
100.00 (100.00)
100.00
100.00 (100.00)
       58.34 (0.40)
   100.00 (100.00)
   100.00
   100.00 (100.00)
   Sales of mobile communication
device (100.00)
100.00 (100.00)
100.00
      52.97
  100.00
    Kanematsu Sustech Corp.
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Manufacture and sales of home- construction materials; Ground inspection services and improvement work; Sales of security systems
Development, manufacturing and sales of card printer and related device
Import, export, development, design, manufacturing, sales and EMS of semiconductor, electronic components and modular products
Development, manufacture, and sales of control modules for lithium ion batteries
Manufacture of materials for electronic precision parts and import, export and sales of electronic components
Food wholesaling and cold storage
Manufacture and sales of feed and fertilizer
Sales of soybeans, millet, and grain
Seed development, contract farming, sorting and sales of edible soybean
Sales of hay and roughage
Manufacture of processed foods for central kitchen and home-meal replacement
100.00 100.00
70.00
100.00 (100.00)
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00
100.00 (15.00)
59.90 (10.00)
52.97
         Kanematsu Advanced Materials Corp.
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Import, export, storage, sales, and processing of materials and components for vehicle equipment, industrial electronics, and communication devices
100.00
    100.00
   100.00
   70.00
   100.00 (100.00)
         Kanematsu Advanced Materials USA, Inc.
Texas, USA
Import, export, storage, sales and processing of materials and components for vehicle equipment, industrial electronics, and communication devices
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 (100.00)
       100.00
 100.00
 100.00
 100.00
 100.00 (15.00)
 59.90 (10.00)
              116 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

 Trade name
[Steel, Materials & Plants]
Kanematsu Trading Corp.
Kyowa Steel Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu Chemicals Corp.
Kanematsu Wellness Corp.
Kanematsu Petroleum Corp.
Kanematsu Yuso Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu KGK Corp.
Benoit Holding Company
Benoit Premium Threading, LLC
Steel Service Oilfield Tubular, Inc.
KGK International Corp.
[Motor Vehicles & Aerospace]
Kanematsu Aerospace Corp.
KANEYO Co., Ltd.
Aries Motor Ltd.
Aries Power Equipment Ltd.
KG Aircraft Rotables Co., Ltd.
[Others]
Shintoa Corp.
Kanematsu Logistics & Insurance Ltd.
Location
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Kasai-shi, Hyogo, Japan
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Illinois, U.S.A.
Louisiana, U.S.A.
Oklahoma, U.S.A.
Illinois, U.S.A.
Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Chuo-ku, Osaka, Japan
Warsaw, Poland
Warsaw, Poland
Dublin, Ireland
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan
Details of major operations
Sales of steel and construction materials
Cutting and processing of steel sheet; Sales of construction materials
Sales of petrochemicals and automobile-related chemicals
Sales of health foods and provision of medical information
Sales of petroleum products and LPG
Delivery and storage of petroleum products and LPG
Sales of machine tools and industrial machinery
Holding company
Oil well casing fabrication; Manufacture and sales of oil well- related parts
Percentage of voting rights (%)
   2020
2019
100.00
100.00 (100.00)
100.00
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 100.00
97.89
85.18 (85.18)
54.00 (54.00)
     100.00
 100.00 (100.00)
 100.00
 100.00 (100.00)
 100.00
 100.00
 97.89
 85.18 (85.18)
 54.00 (54.00)
 51.00 (51.00)
 100.00 (100.00)
                     Sales of steel materials for oil
excavation (51.00)
51.00
  Sales of machine tools
Sales of aircraft, defense, and aerospace-related products
Sales of textile materials for bedding, industrial materials and synthetic fiber materials
Sales of automobiles
Sales of engines, generators, and other general-purpose machinery
Replacement and maintenance of aircraft rotable components; Leasing
Beverage-vending machine operations; Imports, exports, and sales of aircraft engines and feedstuffs
Insurance agency; Consigned freight forwarding business
100.00 (100.00)
100.00
30.92
93.59 60.00
96.67
100.00 100.00
    100.00
 100.00
 93.59
 60.00
 96.67
              100.00
 100.00
      KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 117
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 Trade name
[Overseas local subsidiaries]
Kanematsu USA Inc.
Kanematsu (Hong Kong) Ltd.
Kanematsu (China) Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu (Thailand) Ltd.
Watana Inter-Trade Co., Ltd. (Notes) 1
Kanematsu (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
Kanematsu Taiwan Corp.
Kanematsu Europe Plc
Kanematsu GmbH
Kanematsu Australia Ltd.
Kanematsu New Zealand Ltd.
Location
Illinois, U.S.A.
Hong Kong, China
Shanghai, China
Bangkok, Thailand
Bangkok, Thailand
Singapore, Singapore
Taipei, Taiwan
London, U.K.
Dusseldorf, Germany
Sydney, Australia
Auckland, New Zealand
Details of major operations
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Export, import and sales of merchandise
Percentage of voting rights (%)
   2020
2019
100.00
100.00
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 (100.00)
49.00 (49.00)
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 (100.00)
100.00 100.00 100.00
     100.00
 100.00
 100.00
 100.00
 49.00 (24.00)
 100.00
 100.00
 100.00 (100.00)
 100.00
 100.00
 100.00
                         (Notes) 1. It is treated as a subsidiary because the Consolidated Group has a substantial control of the finance and management policy over the company through the dispatch of the majority of board members.
2. The figures in the parentheses in “Percentage of voting rights” indicate the indirect ownership ratio included in the total.
(2) Non-controlling interests
The subsidiary with non-controlling interests that is significant for the Consolidated Group is Kanematsu Electronics Ltd. Its condensed financial information is presented as follows. The amounts presented below are before the elimination of intra-company transactions.
[Condensed statement of financial position]
JPY
USD
    Current assets (net)
Non-current assets
Non-current liabilities
2020
7,706
3,037
2019
2020
    Current assets
Current liabilities
65,735
17,522
63,387 17,179
604,021
161,007
   48,213
46,208 5,243 2,028
443,014
70,809
27,915
   Non-current assets (net)
Equity
4,668
52,881
3,214 49,423
42,894
485,908
   Cumulative amounts of non-controlling interests
22,113
203,189
  [Condensed statements of income and comprehensive income]
Revenue
Profit for the year
Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income
Profit for the year attributable to non-controlling interests Dividends paid to non-controlling interests
JPY
20,672
1,431
USD
    2020
(45)
2019
2020
     118 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
71,956
7,333
67,394 6,770
(462)
661,187
67,388
(421)
   7,287
6,308
66,967
   3,059
2,826
28,112
   1,610
14,800

[Condensed statement of cash flows]
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, net
(3) Transaction with non-controlling interests
JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 7,008
7,719 (542) (3,442)
64,398
(1,472)
(13,532)
(4,331)
 (39,802)
 1,204
  3,734
 11,063
      There was no transaction with significant non-controlling interests for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019.
 35. Related Parties
(1) Related party transactions
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020
Type Name
Associate
(including subsidiaries of the associate)
Associate
Associate
Associate
Associate
(including subsidiaries of the associate)
Detail of related party relationship
Transaction amount
JPY USD
Outstanding amount
JPY USD
    Kantatsu Co., Ltd.
 Purchase of merchandise
 12,756
 117,216
 1,786
 16,414
 Ogura Industrial Corp.
 Sales of merchandise
 2,829
 26,001
 395
 3,634
 HOKUSHIN CO., LTD.
 Sales of merchandise
 79
 734
 1,004
 9,226
 Sage Hill Northwest, Inc.
  Purchase of merchandise
  2,592
  23,821
  212
  1,954
 AJU STEEL Co., Ltd.
 Sales of merchandise
 346
 3,187
 1,046
 9,616
        (Notes) 1. The related party transaction amounts are determined through negotiation with consideration given to the prevailing market prices.
2. As described in Note 33 Contingent Liabilities, debt guarantees are provided to the equity method investees.
3. As the Consolidated Group conducts a transaction as a party involved, transaction amount of HOKUSHIN CO., LTD. and AJU STEEL Co., Ltd. are presented in
the net amount of the commission.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019
 Type
Associate
(including subsidiaries of the associate)
Associate
Associate Associate
Name
Detail of related party relationship
Transaction amount
JPY
9,904
3,225
84
1,456
Outstanding amount
JPY
2,758
631
1,576
128
   Kantatsu Co., Ltd.
 Purchase of merchandise
 Ogura Industrial Corp.
 Sales of merchandise
 HOKUSHIN CO., LTD.
 Sales of merchandise
 Sage Hill Northwest, Inc.
  Purchase of merchandise
           (Notes) 1. The related party transaction amounts are determined through negotiation with consideration given to the prevailing market prices.
2. As described in Note 33 Contingent Liabilities, debt guarantees are provided to the equity method investees.
3. As the Consolidated Group conducts a transaction as a party involved, transaction amount of HOKUSHIN CO., LTD. is presented in the net amount of the commission.
(2) Remuneration to management executives
The remuneration to the Company’s directors and auditors consists of base salary, directors’ bonus and share-based payments. The amount of remuneration to the Company’s directors and audit & supervisory board members are as follows:
JPY USD
 2020
  2019
  2020
 311
342 29
2,862
25
 235
 337
  372
 3,097
    Base salary and directors’ bonus Share-based payments
Total
  KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 119
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 36. Share-based Payments
(1) Performance-Linked Stock Compensation Plan
The Company implemented a Performance-Linked Stock Compensation Plan for Directors and Executive Officers. The aim of adoption of the Plan is to further clarify the linkage between compensation of Directors and Executive Officers and the corporate performance and stock value of the Company, and to encourage them to contribute to mid- to long-term improvement in the corporate perfor- mance and expansion of corporate value because they will share the benefits and risks of stock price fluctuations with the shareholders. The vesting condition is that after granted date they will work continuously until achieving certain performance goals and vesting. The stocks will be granted to Directors and Executive Officers in the final year of the medium-term vision (from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2024), or the fiscal year that achieved the medium-term vision.
(2) Granted stocks and granted prices of shares
The fair value of the granted stocks was estimated using the Black-Scholes model considering expected dividend based on past divi- dend results. The number of shares granted during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 and the weighted aver- age share price are as follows.
    2020
Weighted average share price
Yen U.S. dollar
2019
  Number of shares
Share
Number of shares
Share
Weighted average share price
Yen
— 1,583 — — 1,583 —
   40,704
 1,583
 14.55
43,369
1,487
13.66
(9,000)
1,583
14.55
(4,853)
1,583
14.55
70,220
1,524
14.00
—
 —
 —
   As of the beginning of the year
Granted 40,704 Exercised — Forfeited — As of the end of the year 40,704 Exercisable balance as of the end of the year —
(3) Stock compensation expenses
Performance-Linked Stock compensation Plan is equity-settled share-based payment transaction. The stock compensation expenses for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 are ¥57 million ($526 thousand) and ¥64 million, respectively.
37. Subsequent Events
Not applicable.
—
   120 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 121
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

 122 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 123
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Major Group Companies (As of April 1, 2020) Electronics & Devices
* Companies with shares listed on a stock exchange
   Japan
              China
     Japan
   Foods, Meat & Grain
Kanematsu Electronics Ltd.*
Nippon Office Systems Ltd.
Kanematsu Sustech Corporation*
Kanematsu Communications Ltd.
Kanematsu Granks, Corp.
Kanematsu Futuretech Solutions Corporation
Kanematsu Advanced Materials Corp.
Kanematsu PWS LTD.
G-Printec, Inc.
Kanekoh Electronics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu Shintoa Foods Corp.
Kanematsu Agritec Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu Soytech Corp.
GPC Holdings Co., Ltd.
Ks’ Meat Solution Co., Ltd.
Dalian Tiantianli Food Co., Ltd.
Shangdong Lufeng Foods Co., Ltd.
Iwase-Esta Kanematsu Co., Ltd.
Dalian Matsutomo Foods Co., Ltd.
Dalian Runsong Biological Feed Co., Ltd. Siam Aloe Vera (2005) Co., Ltd.
P.T. Kanemory Food Service
KAI Enterprises, Inc.
Sage Hill Northwest, Inc.
KG Agri Products, Inc.
Kanematsu Trading Corp.
Kyowa Steel Co., Ltd.
Eiwa Metal Co., Ltd.
Kenkosya Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu Petroleum Corp.
Kanematsu Yuso Co., Ltd.
Kanematsu Chemicals Corp.
Kanematsu Wellness Corp.
Kanematsu KGK Corp.
KGK Engineering Corp.
Watachukikai Corp.
Kanematsu KGK Trade & Sales (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. KGK Engineering (Thai) Co., Ltd.
Steel Service Oilfield Tubular, Inc.
Benoit Premium Threading, LLC
KGK International Corp.
Kanematsu Aerospace Corp.
Kaneyo Co., Ltd.
KG Aircraft Rotables Co., Ltd.
Aries Motor Ltd.
Aries Power Equipment Ltd. Kanematsu Ventures Inc.
Hokushin Co., Ltd.*
Shintoa Corp.
Kanematsu Logistics & Insurance Ltd.
Japan Logistics Co., Ltd.
PT. Dunia Express Transindo
System integration of ICT and communications equipment
Development, sales and maintenance of software for computers and computer peripherals, etc.
Manufacture and sales of home-construction materials; Ground inspection services and improvement work; Installation and sales of security cameras
Sales of mobile communications devices; Mobile internet systems and services
Website planning, building, and operation; Content planning, production, and sales
Import, export, processing, development, design, manufacture, sales of semiconductors, electronic components, and module products; EMS business.
Import, export, storage, sales, and processing of materials and components for vehicle equipment, industrial elec- tronics, and communication devices
Design, development, and sales of semiconductor production equipment, testing equipment and related compo- nents; Technical services
Design, development, manufacture, sales and maintenance services (OEM) for card printers and related equipment Design, development, manufacture, and sales of control modules for lithium ion batteries
Food wholesaling and cold storage
Manufacture and sales of feed and fertilizer
Sales of soybeans, pulses & peas, and grain; Development and marketing of tofu and other ingredients for pro- cessed foods
Sales of pet food and other products
Primary processing of meat in Japan
Manufacture of dim sum and delicatessens
Production of processed vegetables and fruits
Wholesale of confectionery and baking ingredients
Primary processing of beef in China
Manufacture and sales of feedstuff (puffed soybeans, soybean meal) Processing and sales of aloe vera
Manufacture of processed foods; Management of central kitchen
Sales of hay and roughage
Production of hay
Seed development; Contract farming; Sorting, processing, and sales of food soybeans
Sales of steel and construction materials
Cutting and processing of steel sheet; Sales of construction materials
Processing and sales of stainless steel, titanium, and high-alloy steels
Construction, design, manufacturing, installation, and sales of steel joinery
Sales of petroleum products and LPG
Delivery and storage of petroleum products
Sales of petrochemicals, automobile-related chemicals, health food ingredients, and pharmaceuticals
Sales of health foods and provision of medical information
Sales of machine tools and industrial machinery
Repair and sales of machine tools; Sales of paper-manufacturing machinery
Wholesale of cutting tools and peripheral and auxiliary tools Sales of machine tools and industrial machinery
Sales of machine tools and industrial machinery
Sales of steel materials for oil excavation
Oil well casing fabrication; Manufacture and sales of oil well-related parts
Sales of machine tools
Sales of aircraft, defense, and aerospace-related products
Sales of bedding, fiber raw materials for industrial materials, and synthetic fiber raw materials Replacement and maintenance of aircraft rotable components; Leasing; Sales
Sales and maintenance of automobiles
Sales of engines, generators, lawnmowers, and other general-purpose machinery Investment in VC funds; Seeking out advanced technologies; Growth support for startups
Manufacture and sales of medium-density fiberboard
Beverage-vending machine operations; Imports, exports, and sales of aircraft engines
Insurance agency and forwarding business; Consigned freight forwarding business
Warehouse and self-storage operation Total logistics services
        China
             Thailand
   Indonesia
      U.S.A.
         Japan
   Steel, Materials & Plant
              China
   Thailand
      U.S.A.
         Japan
   Motor Vehicles & Aerospace
Other
     Ireland
      Poland
       U.S.A.
       Japan
      Indonesia
  124 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

Global Network (As of March 31, 2020)
Kanematsu supplies products and services through its large network of business bases in Japan and overseas. In addition to the Company, the Kanematsu Group comprises 122 companies (92 consolidated subsidiaries and 30 equity-method affiliates) operating global businesses around the world.
      6
   12
3
5
4
11 25 8
34
33 32
30
28 29
      7 23109 31 12
 24
21
18
17 19
22
20
1516 13 14
35
NORTH AMERICA
28 Chicago
29 Somerset
30 Detroit
31 Houston
32 Silicon Valley 33 Portland
34 Vancouver
   EUROPE
1 London
2 Dusseldorf 3 Munich
4 Milan
5 Budapest 6 Moscow
7 Las Palmas
36
    Organization Chart (As of April 1, 2020)
ASIA & THE MIDDLE EAST
26
26 Sydney 27 Auckland
8 Seoul
9 Shanghai
10 Chongqing 11 Dalian
12 Shenzhen 13 Hong Kong 14 Taipei
15 Hanoi
16 Haiphong
17 Ho Chi Minh City 18 Bangkok
19 Singapore
20 Manila
21 Yangon 22 Jakarta
23 Gurugram 24 Bengaluru 25 Tehran
27
CENTRAL & SOUTH AMERICA
 OCEANIA
35 Silao
36 Sao Paulo
DOMESTIC OFFICES
Tokyo Head Office Osaka
Midosuji Office Nagoya
Hokkaido Kyushu
  1 2
3 4 5
 Overseas subsidiaries and their branches
Representative offices Branches
23 5
4
1
 Shareholder’s Meeting
  Audit & Supervisory Board
 Board of Directors
 Management Committee
  Support Area
Human Resources & General Affairs Dept.
Finance Dept.
Accounting Dept. Business Accounting Dept. Legal & Compliance Dept. Credit Control Dept. Traffic & Insurance Dept. IT Planning Dept.
Internal Auditing Dept. Corporate Planning Dept.
               Marketing Area
    Electronics & Devices Division
Industrial Electronics Dept. Semiconductor Equipment Dept. Components & Material Dept. Electronics Planning Office
Foods Dept. No. 1
Foods Dept. No. 2
Foods & Grain Planning Office Food Safety Management Office
Meat Products Division
Meat Products Dept. No. 1
Meat Products Dept. No. 2
Foods & Grain Planning Office Food Safety Management Office Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division Grain Dept.
Food & Grain Material Dept. Grain & Feedstuff Dept. Domestic Sections
Foods & Grain Planning Office Food Safety Management Office
Iron & Steel Foreign Trade Dept. Specialty Steel Foreign Trade Dept. Functional Chemicals Dept. Energy Dept.
Plant & Ships Dept.
Steel, Materials & Plant Planning Office Food Safety Management Office
Aerospace Dept.
Motor Vehicles & Parts Dept. No. 1 Motor Vehicles & Parts Dept. No. 2
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Planning Office
Foods Division
Steel, Materials & Plant Division
Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Division
                             KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 125
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Japanese and Overseas Offices (As of June 30, 2020) Japan
   Tokyo Head Office
2-1, Shibaura 1-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8005, Japan
TEL: 81-3-5440-8111
FAX: 81-3-5440-6500
Osaka
Awaji-machi Dai Building, 1-9, Awaji-machi 3-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka 541-8560, Japan TEL: 81-6-6205-3111
FAX: 81-6-6205-3322
Midosuji Office
Midosuji Daiwa Building, 6-8, Kyutaro-machi 3-chome, Chuo-ku, Osaka 541-0056, Japan TEL: 81-6-6251-7700
FAX: 81-6-6251-7770
Nagoya
9-3, Sakae 2-chome, Naka-ku, Nagoya 460-0008, Japan TEL: 81-52-202-5111
FAX: 81-52-202-4605
Hokkaido
Sapporo-Kokusai Building, 4-1, Kitashijou-nishi, Chuo-ku, Sapporo 060-0004, Japan
TEL: 81-11-261-5631
FAX: 81-11-261-5630
Kyushu
Tenjin Twin Building, 6-8, Tenjin 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Fukuoka 810-0001, Japan
TEL: 81-92-715-7820
FAX: 81-92-715-7830
Kobe Head Office
119 Ito-machi, Chuo-ku, Kobe, Hyogo 650-0032, Japan
ASIA & THE MIDDLE EAST
KOREA
Kanematsu Korea Corporation
Seoul
Koreana Bldg. 602, 135 Sejong-Daero, Jung-Gu, Seoul, 04519, Korea
TEL: 82-2-737-5795
FAX: 82-2-737-5799
CHINA
Kanematsu (China) Co., Ltd.
Shanghai Head Office
Shanghai Branch
18th Floor Raffles City (Office Tower) 268 Xi Zang Middle Road, Shanghai 200001, China
TEL: 86-21-6340-3456
FAX: 86-21-6340-4290
Chongqing Liaison Office
Room 2106, International Trade Center, No.38 Qingnian Road, Yuzhong District, Chongqing 400010, China
TEL : 86-023-6323-5676
FAX : 86-023-6323-5650
Dalian Branch
Room 602, Furama Hotel, 60 Renmin Road, Dalian 116001, China
TEL: 86-411-8263-9105, 7481
FAX: 86-411-8280-5534
Shenzhen Branch
Room 8, 10/F, Office Tower,
Di Wang Commercial Centre,
5002 Shen Nan Dong Road, Luohu District, Shenzhen 518001, China
TEL: 86-755-8235-4850
FAX: 86-755-8223-8980
Kanematsu (Hong Kong) Ltd.
Hong Kong
Rooms 1116-1117, 11/F, The Metropolis Tower, 10 Metropolis Drive, Hunghom, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
TEL: 852-2821-6200
FAX: 852-2527-0465
TAIWAN
Kanematsu Taiwan Corporation
Taipei
10F., No.451, Changchun Rd., Songshan Dist., Taipei City 10547, Taiwan R.O.C
TEL: 886-2-2717-1222
FAX: 886-2-2717-7927
VIETNAM
The Representative of Kanematsu Corporation
Hanoi
Room No. 1209, 12th Floor, Daeha
Business Centre, 360 Kim Ma St., Ba Dinh Dist., Hanoi, S.R. Vietnam
TEL: 84-24-3771-5642, 5647 FAX: 84-24-3771-5641, 5648
Haiphong
Room 2, 1st Floor, F1 Building 315-HK03, Waterfront City, Vinh Niem, Le Chan,
Hai Phong, S.R. Vietnam
TEL: 84-225-368-6371, 6372
FAX: 84-225-368-6373
Kanematsu Vietnam Company Ltd.
Hochiminh City
Suite 608, 6/F, Saigon Tower, 29 Le Duan St, District 1, Hochiminh City, S.R. Vietnam
TEL: 84-28-3910-5536, 5537
FAX: 84-28-3910-5539
THAILAND
Kanematsu (Thailand) Ltd.
Watana Inter-Trade Co., Ltd.
Bangkok
25th Floor Thaniya Plaza Building, 52 Silom Road, Suriyawongse Bangrak, Bangkok 10500, Thailand TEL: 66-2-632-8060
FAX: 66-2-632-8083, 8084
SINGAPORE
Kanematsu (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
Singapore
100 Tras Street, #12-01 100 AM, Singapore 079027 TEL: 65-6320-6000
FAX: 65-6320-6041
PHILIPPINES
Kanematsu Corporation
Manila Branch
17th Floor Tower 2, The Enterprise Center 6766, Ayala Avenue, cor. Paseo de Roxas, Makati City, Philippines
TEL: 63-2-8-845-2017
FAX: 63-2-8-887-0030
MYANMAR
The Representative of Kanematsu Corporation
Yangon
Union Business Centre (UBC) Suite 03-08, Nat Mauk Road, Bo Cho Quarter, Bahan Township, Yangon, Myanmar
TEL: 95-1-860-4370 FAX: 95-1-860-4380
INDONESIA
P.T. Kanematsu Trading Indonesia
Jakarta
ATRIA@SUDIRMAN 15th Floor,
Jalan Jend. Sudirman Kav. 33A Jakarta
10220, Indonesia
TEL: 62-21-572-1220, 1225, 1228, 1230, 1238 FAX: 62-21-572-1188, 1237
INDIA
Kanematsu India Private Ltd.
Gurugram
Tower-4, Block-A, Unit No.03-04, Ground Floor, DLF Corporate Park, Gurugram, Haryana-122002, India
TEL: 91-124-400-1461, 1462, 1362
FAX: 91-124-400-1371
          126 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
Overseas

      Segment Information:
Number of employees and number of Group companies (As of March 31, 2020)
 Number of Employees (consolidated basis)
 Electronics & Devices Foods, Meat & Grain
Steel, Materials & Plant Motor Vehicles & Aerospace Others
Companywide (common) Overseas subsidiaries Total
22 (Japan:15, Overseas:7) 29 (Japan:14, Overseas:15) 28 (Japan:14, Overseas:14) 11 (Japan:3, Overseas:8) 15 (Japan:13, Overseas:2)
17
4,203
  750
   1,221
          122
  Notes:
1. Number of employees on a non-consolidated basis is 775.
2. Of affiliated companies, 92 are consolidated subsidiaries and 30 are equity-method affiliates.
Number of Affiliated Companies
 343
 235
 430
  7,182
  Bengaluru Branch
2nd Floor, 216, Raheja chambers, Museum Road, Bangalore, Bengaluru (Bangalore) Urban, Karnataka, 560001, India
TEL: 91-124-400-1461, 1462, 1362 FAX: 91-124-400-1371
IRAN
Kanematsu Iran Ltd.
Tehran
Unit #5, 3rd Floor, Monaco Building, No. 27, Ordibehesht, Mahmudiyeh St., Parkway, Tehran, 1986645416 IRAN
TEL: 98-21-2265-9069
FAX: 98-21-2265-3606
EUROPE
UNITED KINGDOM
Kanematsu Europe PLC.
London Head Office
160 Euston Road, London NW1 2DX, United Kingdom
TEL: 44-20-7529-8124
FAX: 44-20-7387-4582
GERMANY
Kanematsu GmbH
Duesseldorf Head Office
Oststrasse 34, D-40211 Duesseldorf, Germany TEL: 49-211-3689-0
FAX: 49-211-3689-111
Munich Branch
Karl-Theodo-Str.55, D-80803 Muenchen, Germany TEL: 49-89-307-481-712
FAX: 49-89-307-481-729
ITALY
The Representative of Kanematsu GmbH
Milano
Via Filippo Turati u.26 20121 Milano, Italy TEL: 39-02-6749-3538
FAX: 39-02-3668-0998
HUNGARY
The Representative of Kanematsu GmbH
Budapest
H-1116 Budapest, Fehervari ut126-128, VI/619, Hungary
TEL: 36-20-410-2641
RUSSIAN FEDERATION
The Representative of Kanematsu Corporation
Moscow
Tverskaya 16/2, Building 1, Business Centre, 125009, Moscow, Russian Federation
TEL: 7-495-935-8940, 8942, 8943, 8945 FAX: 7-495-935-8948
SPAIN
The Representative of Kanematsu Corporation
Las Palmas
Calle Eduardo Benot 51, Edificio Atlansea, 4-izqda, 35008 Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Spain
TEL: 34-928-275634, 275680 FAX: 34-928-275632
OCEANIA
AUSTRALIA
Kanematsu Australia Ltd.
Sydney
Suite 1 Level 15, 15 Castlereagh Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia
TEL: 61-2-9283-3347
FAX: 61-2-9283-3095
NEW ZEALAND
Kanematsu New Zealand Ltd.
Auckland
Lavender House, 27 Lilburn Street, Warkworth 0910, New Zealand
TEL: 64-9-302-5660
FAX: 64-9-309-3877
NORTH AMERICA
U.S.A.
Kanematsu USA Inc.
Chicago Head Office
543 West Algonquin Road, Arlington Heights, Illinois 60005, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-847-981-5600
FAX: 1-847-981-6760
Somerset Branch
100 Randolph Road, Somerset, New Jersey 08873, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-732-271-7300
FAX: 1-732-271-7357 Detroit Office
41700 Gardenbrook Rd. Novi, Garden Office B, Suite 140 Novi, Michigan 48375, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-248-347-3216
FAX: 1-248-347-3219
Houston Branch
1800 Augusta Drive, Suite 390, Houston, Texas 77057, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-713-975-7200
FAX: 1-713-975-7966
Silicon Valley Branch
2154 Paragon Drive, San Jose California 95131, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-408-501-1400
Portland Branch
4380 SW Macadam Avenue, Suite 170, Portland, Oregon 97239, U.S.A.
TEL: 1-503-224-7755
FAX: 1-503-228-5067
CANADA
The Representative of Kanematsu Corporation
Vancouver
205-8988 Fraserton Court Burnaby, B.C. V5J 5H8, Canada
TEL: 1-604-689-0550 FAX: 1-604-689-0655
CENTRAL & SOUTH AMERICA
MEXICO
Kanematsu Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V.
Silao
Suite C, Multitenant III, Av. Mineral de Valenciana No. 202, Col. Parque Santa Fe, C.P. 36275, Guanajuato, Puerto Interior Silao, Gto., Mexico
TEL: 52-472-748-9187, 9327, 9329
FAX: 52-472-748-9221
BRAZIL
Kanematsu America do Sul Importacao e Exportacao Ltda.
São Paulo
Avenida Paulista, 1337 - CJ.71 - Jardim Paulista, São Paulo - SP, CEP 01311-200 Brazil
TEL: 55-11-3266-3967
                 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 127
Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Corporate Profile
 Corporate Profile
Company Name Established Foundation President
Head Office
KANEMATSU CORPORATION August 15, 1889
March 18, 1918
Kaoru Tanigawa
2-1, Shibaura 1-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8005, Japan
Paid-in Capital* Fiscal Year
General Meeting of Shareholders Number of Offices*
Number of Employees*
* As of March 31, 2020
¥27,781 million April 1 to March 31 June
Domestic: Tokyo Head Office, Kobe Head Office and branches 5
Overseas: 36
775 (Consolidated: 7,182)
 Investor Information
(As of March 31, 2020)
Stock Exchange Listings Stock Code
Transfer Agent
for Common Stock Shares Authorized Shares Outstanding Minimum Trading Unit* Number of Shareholders
Principal Shareholders
Tokyo 8020
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited 200,000,000
84,500,202 (including 259,527 treasury shares) 100
Composition of Shareholders
Financial institutions
Foreign institutions and individuals
39.78%
34.79%
   19,139
Individuals and others
(including treasury shares)18.76%
Other corporations 5.76% Securities firms 0.91%
   Number of shares held (thousands)
Percentage of voting rights (%)
  Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (trust account) MSIP CLIENT SECURITIES
Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.
SSBTC CLIENT OMNIBUS ACCOUNT
GOVERNMENT OF NORWAY
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account 9)
JP Morgan Chase Bank 385151
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (trust account 5)
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation 140044 Note: Calculated after deduction of treasury shares (259,527 shares)
10,237
5,761
2,553
2,322
2,194
2,119
1,710
1,535
1,505
1,422
12.15
6.83
3.03
2.75
2.60
2.51
2.03
1.82
1.78
1.68
Trading Volume (Thousands of shares) 100,000
                    Stock Price/Trading Volume
Stock price (¥)
1,800
1,200
600
0
80,000
60,000
40,000
20,000
     0
 15/4 6
8
10
12 16/2 4
6
8
10
12 17/2 4
6
8
10
12 18/2 4
6
8
10
12 19/2 4
6
8
10
12 20/2
Note: Kanematsu executed a share consolidation on October 1, 2017, at a ratio of five shares to one. Figures for all in the above graph for September 2017 and earlier are calculated based on the assumption that said consolidation had already occurred.
128 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020

   Kanematsu stock has been selected for inclusion in the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 and the JPX-Nikkei Mid and Small Cap Index for, respectively, the last seven and four consecutive years.
Our Website
Detailed additional information about the Kanematsu Group is available on our website in English, Japanese and Chinese.
Content includes information about the Company and its businesses, press releases, investor relations materials, and details on its sustainability activities, and other topics.
     English: https://www.kanematsu.co.jp/en/
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 129

                   For more information on this Integrated Report, or to obtain additional copies, please contact:
Public & Investor Relations Section, Finance Department, Kanematsu Corporation
2-1, Shibaura 1-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-8005, Japan Tel: 81-3-5440-8000
Fax: 81-3-5440-6503
    Printed in Japan
