 Environmental Initiatives
Kanematsu is engaged in environmental businesses in Japan and overseas that help protect and improve the global envi- ronment. The global Group also continuously works to improve its ISO 14001-based environmental management system. By effectively operating this system, the Group is reducing electricity and paper consumption, promoting comprehensive waste sorting and reduction, and helping to reduce CO2 emissions. Through these efforts, the Group strives to contribute to the creation of a low-carbon, recycling-oriented society.
Social ContributionFor more details, please refer to Kanematsu’s Environmental Report.
https://www.kanematsu.co.jp/en/sustainability/environment/
   The Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade
The Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade was established in 1940 with the purpose of contributing to economic development through support and funding for research into trade and international economics. The Foundation is jointly operated by the Research Institute for Economics and Business Administration of Kobe University and Kanematsu.
In 1993, the Kanematsu Prize—a Kanematsu postgraduate research scholarship—was jointly established by the Research Institute for Economics and Business Administration of Kobe University, the Kanematsu Foundation for the Research of Foreign Trade, and Kanematsu Corporation. Every year, graduate students are invited to submit their dissertations to apply for the prize. The Kanematsu Prize thus provides graduate students in the fields of economics, management, and accounting across Japan with opportunities to win a research fellowship and to present their research.
Beginning with the 2018 prize, the economics division and management division are
judged separately. Through
such efforts, Kanematsu will
continue to support research in the fields of economics, management, and accounting through the Kanematsu Prize.
Supporting Amputee Football
Under a partnership agreement with the Japan Amputee Football Association (JAFA), Kanematsu supports the parasport of amputee football as part of initiatives to address its key issues of mutual development with local communities and promoting respect for human rights, human resource develop- ment, and diversity.
Operational Support (Office Space and Kanematsu Tsuga Ground)
Since October 2018, Kanematsu has provided a meeting room at its Tokyo Head Office for JAFA to use as an office. Since forming a partnership agreement with JAFA in April 2019, we have sent employee volunteers to JAFA tournaments and actively engaged in efforts to spread awareness of amputee football, broadly communicating
the appeal and excitement of the sport.
The Chiba Prefecture amputee football team AFC BumbleBee Chiba holds monthly practices at Kanematsu Tsuga
Ground. In the spring of 2020, the team became affiliated with the AC Milan Academy Chiba and was renamed AC Milan BBee Chiba with the aim of developing even further.
Raising Awareness through Experience—The Kanematsu
Invitational Kids’ Soccer Tournament
The eighth Kanematsu Invitational Kids’ Soccer Tournament was held in January 2020 at KUVERA football park in Kamagaya, Chiba, where Kanematsu supplied the artificial turf.
After the matches concluded, we held an amputee soccer experience event to spread awareness among the participating children. This event served as an opportunity to not only allow the children to see first-hand
how fun and interesting amputee soccer is, but also to spark an interest in parasports and communicate the value of human life and resilience.
Reconstruction Support Volunteer Activities
To encourage employees to volunteer, Kanematsu Company has created a support system to cover transportation and lodging costs not only for Company-organized volunteer efforts, but also employee’s self-directed efforts.
Volunteering in Areas Affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake
Since 2011, Kanematsu has carried out ongoing volunteer efforts to support recovery in Rikuzentakata, Iwate, an area affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake. To date, a total of 337 Kanematsu Group employees have taken part in 20 volun- teer trips. As the areas affected move into the later stages of recovery, there has been less need for volunteer labor. Accordingly, since 2018, employee volunteers have been helping operate the Road to Recovery Rikuzentakata Marathon. This marathon, of which Kanematsu is a corporate sponsor, brings runners and volunteers from around the country together with local citizens in a shared hope for recovery.
In addition, in fiscal 2019, Rikuzentakata was designated an SDGs Future City by the national government, and the city is actively working toward
the achievement of the
SDGs. Going forward, we
will continue to support
new community building
and recovery in
Rikuzentakata through a
variety of efforts.
    KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 39