Corporate GovernanceOur Basic Stance on Corporate Governance
Kanematsu’s founder himself put down the words “Let us sow and nurture the seeds of global prosperity.” The Kanematsu Group recognizes the pioneering spirit fostered by our predecessors along with the wise use of our cre- ative imagination and ingenuity, fulfilling our corporate social responsibilities through sound, flourishing business- es, and adherence to Company rules as key parts of its Corporate Principle. We operate in accordance with this principle and our Code of Conduct, striving to carry out corporate activities to serve our various stakeholders and help realize a sustainable society by providing socially valuable goods and services.
To this end, Kanematsu endeavors to strengthen corporate governance to increase the transparency of man- agement and create a more equitable, efficient, and sound company. We work to improve corporate governance with the aim of increasing our enterprise value and winning the support of all our stakeholders, including share- holders, customers, business partners, and employees.System of Corporate Governance
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors is made up of six directors, with the chairman of the Board of Directors as its presiding officer. The Board decides on matters required of it as set out in law and Kanematsu’s Articles of Incorporation as well as business poli- cies and other important matters and oversees business exe- cution by directors. Two of the six directors are outside directors to ensure that the Board conducts appropriate deci-
Advisory Bodies
To reinforce the objectivity, independence, and accountability of the Board of Directors, Kanematsu has voluntarily estab- lished a Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee as advisory bodies under the Board of Directors.
• Nominating Committee: Comprises the chairman as com- mittee chair and the two outside directors. The committee provides recommendations to the Board of Directors based on deliberations regarding such matters as proposals for the General Meeting of Shareholders related to the appointment
Corporate Governance Structure
sion making and to further reinforce the supervision of busi- ness execution. In principle, the Board of Directors meets once a month, with additional meetings held as necessary. Directors are appointed to the Board for one-year terms to allow the Board to respond appropriately to changes in the business environment.
and dismissal of directors and the necessary policy, rules, and
procedures for reaching related resolutions
• Compensation Committee: Comprises the president as com-
mittee chair and the two outside directors. The committee provides recommendations to the Board of Directors based on deliberations regarding such matters as policy regarding the setting of compensation levels and types for individual directors and executive officers as well as the necessary policy, rules, and procedures for reaching related resolutions.
  General Meeting of Shareholders
Board of DirectorsSix Directors (including two outside directors)
Audit & Supervisory BoardFour Audit & Supervisory Board Members (including two outside members)Nominating CommitteeCompensation Committee President
Management Committee
Collaboration
Internal controls
   Project Deliberation Committee
Internal Auditing Department
  Internal Control and Compliance Committee
 Sustainability Management Committee
 Marketing Area/Support Area, Domestic and Overseas Offices, Subsidiaries
Accounting Auditor
 Appointment/Dismissal
Appointment/Dismissal/ Supervision
Appointment/Dismissal
Audit
Appointment/ DismissalConsultation Advice/Suggestions
Audit
  Collaboration
Accounting audit
Collaboration
   46 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020
(As of June 24, 2020)
 Management Committee
Kanematsu has adopted an executive officer system to improve the flexibility of business execution, speed up management deci- sion making, and further clarify roles and responsibilities through the separation of supervisory and executive functions. With authority delegated by the Board of Directors, the executive offi- cers carry out business operations in their respective areas of responsibility based on the decisions of the Board of Directors.
To facilitate rapid decision making and flexible manage-
Project Deliberation Committee
The Project Deliberation Committee considers and discusses important projects before they are referred to the Management Committee or other bodies. Comprising the
Audit & Supervisory Board
Kanematsu uses the audit & supervisory board system. The Audit & Supervisory Board and its members act independent- ly to audit directors’ performance of their duties. Specifically, the four Audit & Supervisory Board members, including two outside members, receive reports from directors and employ- ees on the performance of their duties as required, and
ment, Kanematsu has set up a Management Committee com- posed of the chairman of the Board of Directors and executive officers, including the president. In principle, the Committee meets at least twice a month. The Committee establishes basic policies for Companywide general business execution in accor- dance with basic policies determined by the Board of Directors and provides instruction and guidance on the execution of business.
chief officers of credit control, finance and accounting, and corporate planning, the Committee meets at least twice a month, in principle.
attend meetings of the Board of Directors and Management Committee.
Furthermore, the full-time Audit & Supervisory Board Members attend the Project Deliberation Committee, Internal Control and Compliance Committee, and other important meetings or committees.
  Reasons for Selection of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
   Outside Directors
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Yuko Tahara
Name
Kazuhiro Tanaka
Tsukasa Miyachi
Yusaku Kurahashi
Reasons for Selection
So that she can provide advice to management and appropriate oversight of business execution based on her wealth of experience in corporate management and deep insight gained through experience in human resources and organizational consulting.
So that he can utilize his extensive expertise and deep insight regarding corporate management as a university professor specializing in business administration in Kanematsu’s management and provide management oversight.
So that he can audit Kanematsu based on his expert knowledge and experience as a certified public accountant.
So that he can audit Kanematsu based on his expert knowledge and experience as a lawyer.
Fiscal 2020 Attendance
14 of 15 Board of Directors meetings1
—2
18 of 19 Board of Directors meetings
14 of 15 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings
14 of 15 Board of Directors meetings1
10 of 10 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings1
         1. As Ms. Tahara and Mr. Kurahashi were appointed at the June 21, 2019 General Meeting of Shareholders, the numbers of meetings of the Board of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board that they were eligible to attend differ from those for the other outside director and Audit & Supervisory Board member.
2. As Mr. Tanaka was appointed at the June 24, 2020 General Meeting of Shareholders, he did not attend meetings in fiscal 2020.
Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Compensation
Breakdown of Director and Audit & Supervisory Board Member Compensation
238 176 25 36 5
28 28 — — 2
69 69 — — 8
1. The above table includes one director, one Audit & Supervisory Board member, and three individuals who served as outside directors or Audit & Supervisory Board members who retired as of the conclusion of the June 21, 2019 General Meeting of Shareholders.
2. The above figure for stock incentives is the amount (¥25 million) recorded as costs for performance-linked stock incentives in fiscal 2020.
       Total Compensation (millions of yen)
Total Compensation by Type (millions of yen)
Number of Individuals Receiving Compensation
   Basic Compensation
Stock Incentives
Bonuses
       Directors (excluding outside directors)
  Audit & Supervisory Board Members (excluding outside members)
  Outside Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
    Performance-Linked Compensation Plan
To clarify directors’ management responsibilities and enhance their incentives to improve corporate performance, Kanematsu has adopted a performance-linked compensation plan. Further- more, the May 9, 2018 Board of Directors meeting and June 22, 2018 General Meeting of Shareholders passed resolutions to introduce a performance-linked stock incentive plan employing a trust for Kanematsu’s directors (excluding outside directors).
The Company also implemented a similar performance-linked stock incentive plan for its executive officers. This plan is aimed at more closely linking director compensation with corporate perfor- mance and stock price and better motivating directors to improve corporate performance and enterprise value over the medium term by having directors share with other shareholders the potential benefits and risks of share price changes.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 47
     Kanematsu’s Progress and Strengths Special Feature Review of Operations Sustainability Financial Section and Company Information

Internal Auditing
The Internal Auditing Department conducts internal audits of Kanematsu Corporation and its subsidiaries to ensure that proper accounting records are kept and to evaluate and oversee improvement and control activities to help make business execution more effective and efficient.
Internal Control System and Risk Management System Maintaining the Internal Control System
To comprehensively assess risks facing the Kanematsu Group, to comply with laws and regulations relating to operational effectiveness and efficiency and business activities, to protect its assets, and to ensure the reliability of its financial reporting, the Kanematsu Group has built an internal control system. To main- tain and advance the use of this system, we have also
Compliance
In light of the importance of corporate legal compliance, we have set up internal control systems for the Company and the Group as well as an Internal Control and Compliance Committee to implement said systems, seeking to strengthen our internal compliance system. In addition to preparing a Compliance
Diagram of the Kanematsu Group Compliance System
established the Internal Control and Compliance Committee. We develop, operate, assess, and improve internal controls related to financial reporting to ensure the correctness of the Group’s reporting in line with the internal control reporting sys- tems defined in the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law.
Handbook that covers all Group companies, we work to enhance awareness of and training on sensible behavioral ethics. The Group also maintains a hotline system that allows employ- ees to directly report to or consult with the Internal Control and Compliance Committee or an outside lawyer.
Instructions, Feedback Reports, Consultation
  Board of Directors Management Committee Auditor
 Internal Control and Compliance Committee
 Internal Control and Compliance Committee Members
 Promotion Office: Legal & Compliance Department
Marketing Area/Support Area
 Officers & Employees of Kanematsu Corporation
Departmental Compliance Officers
(Chief officers of business divisions and administrative departments)
 Compliance Officer (President or Head of Location)
 Officers & Employees of Group companies   Elimination of Antisocial Forces
One of Kanematsu’s compliance commitments is to take a firm stand against and eschew all relationships with antisocial forces. To promote the elimination of antisocial forces, Kanematsu belongs to the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department’s Special Violence Prevention Countermeasures Association, cooperating closely on a regular basis by sharing
(For units that do not have a controlling division at Kanematsu Corporation)
Group Companies
*Sub-subsidiaries report through their immediate parent companies
(As of June 24, 2020)
information. The Human Resources & General Affairs Department is designated to coordinate Companywide response and information gathering to address any unreason- able demands from antisocial forces, and the Company main- tains a framework for responding in coordination with outside organizations, including the police and attorneys.
48 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020