  A
Addressing the Five Key Issues
Cloud-based Farm Management Systems for Chicken Farming
 The Kanematsu Group’s Electronics & Devices Division and Grain, Oilseeds & Feedstuff Division are jointly advancing next-generation smart-agriculture initiatives. Specifically, Kanematsu Futuretech Solutions Corporation is developing cloud-based farm management systems for egg and chicken farming.
Daily reports on poultry house conditions or breeding, which have conventionally been managed using handwritten ledgers, can be input to the new system via tablet using a dedicated app during poultry house inspections, improving efficiency. In addition, data collected on-site is available in real time, enabling better understanding of farm operations and analysis of farm management.
C
The evolution of smart agriculture, powered by ICT, is expected to not only help
attract personnel to the
industry, but improve effi-
ciency and productivity. Through this initiative, the entire Kanematsu Group will contribute to the sustainable development of the livestock industry while adapting to market changes.
bring sustainable marine products to consumers. By doing so, we will contribute to the achievement of SDG 14, “Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas and marine resources for sustainable development” while further developing sustainable marine product industries.
1. MSC: Marine Stewardship Council
2. ASC: Aquaculture Stewardship Council
  Securing Traceability in Marine Products
 In April 2020, Kanematsu obtained MSC/ASC Chain of Custody (CoC) certification.
MSC1 and ASC2 certifications serve as proof that marine products were produced by sustainable fishing or aquaculture methods managed with proper consideration given to marine resources and the environment. MSC certification applies to wild-caught seafood, while ASC certification applies to aqua- culture. Vendors wishing to claim marine products as origi- nating from fishery operators or aquaculture producers with MSC or ASC certification must obtain CoC certification. CoC certification provides credible assurance of product traceability up the chain of custody to the source to ensure that non-certi- fied products are not mixed into or substituted for MSC/ASC certified marine products during distribution or processing.
Leveraging its CoC certification, Kanematsu will strive to ensure the protection of marine resources and the marine envi- ronment in its role as an operator in supply chains that reliably
C
   Acquisition of Carbon Credits with Saudi Arabia via the Joint Crediting Mechanism
 Japan has built and is implementing a joint crediting mecha- nism (JCM) to promote the use of energy-saving and renew- able energy technologies in developing countries as mechanism for promoting the absorption and reduction of emissions of greenhouse gases.
Using this system, Kanematsu and Jubail Chemical Industries Company (JANA) of Saudi Arabia installed high-effi- ciency electrolysis tanks at a chlorine production plant. JANA produces chlorine and caustic soda, the manufacture of which consumes great quantities of electricity. Replacing the older facilities with the latest model high-efficiency electrolysis tanks helped reduce resistance and the amount of electricity consumed.
The Kanematsu Group is also using the JCM in four proj- ects in Southeast Asia. We will continue to look for new
opportunities to leverage the JCM and thereby contribute to the achievement of the SDGs.
 40 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020