Human Resource Development Initiatives
Human resources are a vital asset for Kanematsu, and retaining and training human resources is important for the Company’s growth. Kanematsu maintains systems to promote work-life balance, including child care support and family care support systems, seeking to create workplaces that are comfortable and rewarding for employees. Furthermore, we focus considerable effort on human resource development, an indispensable part of Kanematsu’s growth. Message from the Chief Officer of Human Resources & General Affairs
   Kazuo Tanaka
Senior Executive Officer,
Chief Officer, Human Resources & General Affairs
Further Reinforcing Human Resource Development and Promoting Diversity and Inclusion
Human resources are the Kanematsu Group’s most valu- able assets. Our Corporate Principle, established based on the entrepreneurial spirit of our founder, Fusajiro Kanematsu, includes the passage, “Our purpose as a Company is not only to build a sound and flourishing business, but to fulfill our responsibilities as a corporate citizen, contributing to society and the security and well- being of all.” Since the Group’s founding 130 years ago, Kanematsu has strived to develop its people and create employee-friendly workplaces, growing and developing alongside a talented workforce.
One of the priority initiatives of the future 135 medi- um-term vision is the establishment of management
infrastructure for achieving sustainable growth, under which we aim to build a framework for global strategy, cultivate management-level human resources, and improve employee satisfaction.
To cultivate management-level human resources, in July 2019, we launched Kanematsu University, a rein- forced, more systematic version of our existing training systems. To achieve the ongoing growth of the Kanematsu Group, we are developing human resources with broad, long-term perspectives that encompass the entire Company. By doing so, we will realize qualitative improvement, nurturing the next generation of Kanematsu leaders.
Furthermore, in October 2019, we created a Diversity and Inclusion (D&I) Team within the Personnel and General Affairs Department. In its first year, the team held diversity lectures and career training for non-career-track employees under the main theme of increasing motivation as part of efforts to promote women’s professional success. Going forward, the D&I Team will work to create environments that recognize and accept diverse ways of thinking and beliefs to make it easier for all employees to work and use their abilities. By combining such efforts with work style reforms, we aim to enhance employee engagement and help achieve the SDGs.
Going forward, as the world adapts to the presence of the novel coronavirus, work styles, values, and busi- ness models are expected to undergo tremendous changes. No matter how times change, Kanematsu will work to further develop business professionals with strong basic qualities of character, such as fairness and integrity, as well as rich individuality, so that every employee can act with pride to build strong relation- ships with business partners, thereby supporting the development of the Kanematsu Group. Kanematsu University
Kanematsu University, a reinforced, more systematic version of our existing training systems, was launched in July 2019 to develop management professionals who will create new busi- nesses.
All employees of Kanematsu and Group companies who have been with the Group for less than ten years are required to participate in the system, which grants credits and certifica- tions. The curriculum comprises the three categories of general education, interpersonal knowledge and skills, and
professional knowledge and skills. The system provides a rich range of courses administered via e-learning or group training, depending on the content. Content ranges from the fundamental, such as business manners and foreign languages, to specialized knowledge and skills, such as busi- ness investment, legal matters, and anger management. Using Kanematsu University, we are developing the next generation of management-level human resources.
KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020 41