 Work-Life Balance
Kanematsu is proactively committed to ensuring a good work-life balance and discourages long working hours in order to foster a healthy workforce. We have been improving the working environment so that employees can treasure the time they spend with their families as well as the time spent on hobbies and participating in social activities.
 Child Care Support
In addition to maternity and childcare leave systems, we have a number of systems in place to allow parents to continue working while pregnant or raising children. These include reduced duties and time off for doctor’s visits during pregnancy, time off to care for sick children, and shortened work hours and flexi-time after returning from leave. From fiscal 2019, the period after returning from leave during which employees are eligible for reduced work hours has been extended from up to the child’s third birthday to the end of the child’s third year of elementary school. In addition, employees may work reduced hours with no reduction in pay until the child’s third birthday.
Family Care Support
Many mothers take childcare leave, and when they return to work, as a rule, they are placed in the divisions in which they worked before. These measures are taken to create a pleasant working environment
Number of Employees Taking Childcare LeaveFY2015
FY2016
FY2017
FY2018
FY2019
17* 14 18
* Includes two male employees ** Includes two male employees
20** 20
  In addition to the conventional family care leave system, Kanematsu has recently enabled special paid holidays for family care. We have also appointed a child-raising and care consultation officer for one-to-one consultation on these matters.
 Systems for Using Paid Vacation
Bronze Week
Since fiscal 2016, Kanematsu has maintained a “Bronze Week” system for systematically encouraging the use of annual paid vacation days. This is intended to make it easier for employees to take off the time they are entitled to and create workplaces that are more comfortable and rewarding.
From fiscal 2020, we have upgraded the system, renaming it the Bronze Week Plus System and doing away with the system of having sections designate candidate days off from
which employees chose. We also increased the minimum number of days employees are required to use through the system to five to ensure compliance with the Revised Labor Standards Act’s requirement of taking at least five days of paid vacation per year. Since the system’s introduction, the rate of annual vacation days used has risen steadily, reaching 73.8% in fiscal 2019. We will continue working to create even more employee-friendly workplaces and further increase the paid annual vacation usage rate.Bronze Week System Outline
 •Makes it easier to take off a bridge day between two ordinary days off, the day before or after a three-day weekend, or take two days before or after a normal weekend, effectively extending the number of consecutive days off for the individual to four or more.
• This system is aimed at helping employees have special experiences that are difficult to realize with one or two days off so that they will feel refreshed and have new ideas that they can then put to use in their work.
• At the start of each fiscal year, employees schedule at least five days of paid vacation for that year.
• Applies to all employees, in principle, excluding those on dispatch within Japan, stationed overseas, or on leave.
• The system, which encourages the use of paid annual vacation, especially multiple consecutive days off, is named “Bronze Week Plus” in reference to the yearly clusters of public holidays in Japan popularly known as “Golden Week” and “Silver Week.”
 My Weekend System
In fiscal 2019, we established the “My Weekend” system to encourage employees to take their paid annual vacation to, for example, pursue their hobbies or enjoy special family occa- sions. This system is aimed at helping employees feel comfort- able taking days off for important events and giving greater
priority to their personal lives. In particular, managerial employees, who often find it particularly difficult to take time off, are asked to use at least five days per year. This system thus provides support to help employees prioritize both their work and private lives.My Weekend System Outline
 • By encouraging employees to take off not only ordinary weekends, but days of personal significance, such as their wedding anniversaries or the birthdays of family members, as “my weekends,” this system is aimed at helping employees take time for their personal interests and important family occasions.
• Managerial employees are asked to take at least five days off per year through the My Weekend system alone (no usage requirement has been set for non-managerial employees).
 44 KANEMATSU Integrated Report 2020