Development of
a low-carbon society
Energy conservation at Group production sites
Relevant SDGs
  The JXTG Group consumes large quantities of energy at its refiner- ies, smelters and plants. Therefore, we consider improving energy efficiency at these sites to be of the utmost importance. To this end, we are implementing energy conservation activities and working to reduce CO2 emissions caused by energy usage.
Large investments in energy conservation
at refineries
At the Chiba Refinery, we introduced energy-efficient distillation
tower technology developed overseas and not yet extensively
used in Japan in order to extract xylene from gasoline. Typically,
two distillation towers are needed when modifying a facility for the
purpose of extracting xylene, but this technology enables two-tow-
er distillation in a single tower. As a result, we were able to reduce
both energy costs and construction costs by around 20% and
produce more added value in our products. (thousands of t-CO2)
Factories
Metals
Upgrade of oxygen production equipment to
the latest energy-efficient model
At the Tamano Smelter of Hibi Kyodo Smelting, we replaced five units of aging oxygen production equipment with a single larger and latest energy-efficient model. As a result, we reduced energy use per ton of copper ingot production volume by about 15% compared to the old equipment.
Use of solar power generation
receive imports. We are also building the Kushiro LNG Terminal in Hokkaido. Our sales volume of LNG totaled 936,000 tons in fiscal 2017, a 2.4% increase over the previous year.
In October 2017, JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy, Osaka Gas and TEPCO Fuel & Power jointly established Ohgishima City Gas Supply Co., Ltd. in Kawasaki City. Through this company, which manufactures and supplies city gas, we seek expansion in the Tokyo Metropolitan Area of our supply business for city gas using LNG as feedstock.
*Source: Report by the Agency for Natural Resources and Energy of Japan; as of the end of 2015
Supplying materials that reduce impacts on people and the environment
The JXTG Group develops and sells a residential heat storage material made primarily from paraffin. During the winter, this heat storage material retains the heat of the sun during the day and releases it at night, reducing the use of energy needed for heating homes. In Japan, where a large percentage of homes are made from wood, which is susceptible to heat loss, use of this heat storage material is expected to be effective in conserving energy.
Contributing to energy conservation through
the supply of lubricants
The JXTG Group sells the ENEOS Fleet and ENEOS Industrial series of lubricants developed with the environment, energy conservation, safety and long service life in mind. These products offer high-performance lubrication for customers’ automobiles, marine vessels, and industrial equipment while also contributing to energy conservation.
    Tatsuta Electric Wire and Cable’s Tatsuta Technical Center and JX Metals Precision Technology’s Kakegawa Works are working to conserve energy through the use of solar power generation.
Automobiles
Marine vessels
  Reduction in CO2 emissions from energy conservation (cumulative compared to fiscal 2009)
 At the Negishi Refinery, we undertook a total of seven major 1,200 investments in energy conservation timed to coincide with regular 1,000 maintenance work. These investments included expanding heat 800 exchangers and making them more efficient and switching to a 600 higher-efficiency rotary machine. As a result, we were able to
400
reduce the Negishi Refinery’s energy consumption intensity by
2.5% compared to fiscal 2015, as well as lower CO2 emissions by
about 6.7 tons. 0
933
1,042
    533
427
2012
822 672
Expansion of our renewable energy business
   200
The JXTG Group has been operating mega solar power plants using its idle lands since fiscal 2012. In fiscal 2016, operations began at mega solar power plants constructed at Nihonkai Oil in Toyama Prefecture, at the former site of the Fukui Oil Depot in Fukui Prefecture, and at the former site of Gamagori Gas Terminal in Aichi Prefecture. As a result, we now operate 17 mega solar power plants with a generating capacity of about 43 megawatts. We also operate power plants using other forms of renewable energy, such as biomass, hydroelectricity, and wind power. Looking ahead, we will efficiently convert the most optimal energy to meet the needs of customers as we look to expand our renew- able energy business even further.
Location of our power plants in Japan
Muroran Biomass Power Plant
(under construction)
Oga Mega Solar Power Plant Akita Mega Solar Power Plant
Akita Wind Power Plant
Hitachi Mega Solar Power Plant
Kasumigaura
Mega Solar Power Plant
Toyama Mega Solar Power Plant Sakai Mega Solar Power Plant
Hiroshima
Mega Solar Power Plant
Kudamatsu
Mega Solar Power Plant
Kudamatsu No. 2
Mega Solar Power Plant
  2013
2014
2015
2016 2017 (FY)
● Mega solar
● Biomass
● Hydropower or wind power
Sendai Mega Solar Power Plant
Iwaki Mega Solar Power Plant
Kakinosawa Hydropower Plant (JX Nippon Mining & Metals)
Asaka Mega Solar Power Plant
Ohgishima Wind Power Plant
Gamagori Mega Solar Power Plant Takamatsu Mega Solar Power Plant Masaki Mega Solar Power Plant
Oita Mega Solar Power Plant
Uruma Mega Solar Power Plant
  Supplying environmentally friendly products
  The JXTG Group is pursuing a low-environmental-impact Energy business involving the development and sale of environmentally friendly products alongside the supply and use of LNG, hydrogen and renewable energy, in order to reduce CO2 emissions not only from its own production sites, but throughout society as well.
 Expansion of natural gas business capable of stable supply with low environmental impact
LNG is a clean source of energy that produces little in the way of CO2 emissions when burned and results in lower emissions of nitrogen oxides (NOx) and sulfur oxides (SOx), which are causes of air pollution. There are vast quantities of natural gas in the world today, with proven reserves estimated at around 50 years*. Natural gas producing countries are also located around the world, ensuring access to stable supplies.
Since the year 2000, the JXTG Group has actively expanded its presence in overseas natural gas development projects, includ- ing those in Malaysia, Papua New Guinea, and Indonesia, among other countries. At the same time, we have developed a natural gas supply system in Japan, which included building the Mizushi- ma LNG Terminal in Kurashiki City, Okayama Prefecture in 2006 and the satellite Hachinohe LNG Terminal in Hachinohe City, Aomori Prefecture in 2017. Later, in 2015, the Hachinohe facility was expanded into a full-scale terminal with greater capacity to
         35 JXTG Holdings, Inc. | JXTG REPORT Integrated Report 2018
JXTG Holdings, Inc. | JXTG REPORT Integrated Report 2018 36

Establishment of new joint venture to promote
a positive cycle of fuel cell vehicles and hydrogen stations
The JXTG Group is promoting the spread of fuel cell vehicles, which do not produce CO2 emissions. As part of these efforts, JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy established Japan H2 mobility, LLC (JHyM) jointly with 11 other companies, including infrastructure businesses and automakers. This all-Japan consortium centered on 10 companies will join forces in promoting the strategic development and efficient operations of hydrogen stations, taking into account the many challenges facing the hydrogen station business during the early stages of fuel cell vehicle growth. We will now work toward the goal of creating a positive cycle of fuel cell vehicles and hydrogen stations in which user convenience is improved to promote the spread of fuel cell vehicles and the development of hydrogen stations.


Reducing environmental impacts with technology
Recycling of waste material
The JXTG Group endeavors to recycle the waste it generates using the most appropriate means for each material. The main items we recycle are as follows.
Sludge Sludge produced during wastewater treatment is mainly recycled as a raw material for cement following dehydra- tion and desiccation.
Waste acid (sulfuric acid waste) Sulfuric acid used in the manufacture of high octane gasoline is recycled by a recovery and processing company.
Collected dust Dust from exhaust gas is collected using an electric dust collector and recycled as a raw material for cement.
Controlling VOC emissions
Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) are thought to cause photo- chemical oxidants formed by photochemical reactions between nitrogen oxides (NOx) and ultraviolet rays.
By fiscal 2010, the JXTG Group had established emission control measures above the government reduction standard for oil industry, and since then we have made proactive efforts to recover VOCs. As a result, in fiscal 2017 we reduced our VOC emissions over 50% compared to fiscal 2000.
At times, dust may be recycled as material for roadbed after thermal recycling.
Waste catalysts Catalysts used in the desulfurization of petroleum ultimately become waste catalysts as they lose their activity. Valuable metals such as vanadium and molybdenum contained in disposable catalysts are recovered as much as possible by a metal recovery and processing company.
Waste asbestos Thermal insulation containing asbestos used in the repair of equipment is detoxified via a melting process at JX Nippon Environmental Services and recycled as roadbed material, etc.
VOC Emissions at Refineries, Oil Depots and Other Facilities
Development of
a recycling-oriented society
Relevant SDGs
        Increasing crude oil production and reducing CO2 emissions with CO2-EOR technology CO2-EOR is a technology in which CO2 is injected into aging oil fields to boost the recovery rate of crude oil, while the CO2 is immobilized underground, reducing emissions into the air.
The JXTG Group is operating a project using this technology on the outskirts of Houston in the US state of Texas. In December 2016, the plant used for recovery of CO2 from a thermal power plant was completed. As of February 2018, the project had recovered a cumulative total of 1.2 million tons of CO2, which is being injected into an oil field 130 km away.
Developing asphalt pavement that helps to increase vehicle fuel efficiency
NIPPO, through a joint research project with the Public Works Research Institute, developed a fuel-efficient asphalt pavement called Energy Save Pervious that increases the fuel efficiency of vehicles. In this pavement, the aggregate is arranged densely and smoothly, which is expected to help reduce CO2 emissions from vehicles by reducing the roll resistance of tires, thereby increasing fuel efficiency.
This pavement contains moderate gaps and texture depth, which helps to promote water drainage, prevent pooling, reduce road noise, reduce skidding, and improve visibility at night and in the rain.
