Recycling of waste material
The JXTG Group endeavors to recycle the waste it generates using the most appropriate means for each material. The main items we recycle are as follows.
Sludge Sludge produced during wastewater treatment is mainly recycled as a raw material for cement following dehydra- tion and desiccation.
Waste acid (sulfuric acid waste) Sulfuric acid used in the manufacture of high octane gasoline is recycled by a recovery and processing company.
Collected dust Dust from exhaust gas is collected using an electric dust collector and recycled as a raw material for cement.

At times, dust may be recycled as material for roadbed after thermal recycling.
Waste catalysts Catalysts used in the desulfurization of petroleum ultimately become waste catalysts as they lose their activity. Valuable metals such as vanadium and molybdenum contained in disposable catalysts are recovered as much as possible by a metal recovery and processing company.
Waste asbestos Thermal insulation containing asbestos used in the repair of equipment is detoxified via a melting process at JX Nippon Environmental Services and recycled as roadbed material, etc.

Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) are thought to cause photo- chemical oxidants formed by photochemical reactions between nitrogen oxides (NOx) and ultraviolet rays.
By fiscal 2010, the JXTG Group had established emission control measures above the government reduction standard for oil industry, and since then we have made proactive efforts to recover VOCs. As a result, in fiscal 2017 we reduced our VOC emissions over 50% compared to fiscal 2000.

Recycling and environmental services business
The JXTG Group has integrated operations ranging from resource development of non-ferrous metals to metal smelting, electronic materials, and recycling and environmental services. Our recycling and environmental services business consists of environmental services for detoxifying industrial waste and the recycling of materials containing non-ferrous metals into valuable metals. We contribute significantly to the development of a sustainable, recycling-oriented society by utilizing the key features and strengths of this business— zero net emissions, proprietary treatment processes based on smelting and refining technologies, and a global collection network.

