Stable supply of energy, resources and materials and effective use of resources
Achieving stable operations and a stable supply
The JXTG Group's mission is to provide a stable supply of energy, resources, and materials for businesses and everyday living. In order to ensure stable operations and a stable supply at our refineries and plants, we implement measures for disaster preven- tion and reduction in preparation for possible incidents and disasters including earthquakes and fires.
Utilizing lessons learned from the Great East Japan Earthquake, JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy has developed a business continuity plan (BCP) that encompasses the entire supply chain. With this BCP, the company was able to promptly respond in the wake of the April 2016 Kumamoto earthquake by focusing on the dispatch of tank trucks to the affected areas. In addition, since fiscal 2012, we have established disaster-resistant service stations, which we plan to expand to 130 locations by the end of fiscal 2018.

Adapting to digitalization
Advancements in digitalization have brought about major changes in our world. As a result, we have positioned the digitalization of business operations as an important issue to address from multiple angles under the Group's ongoing review of its Long-Term Vision. Furthermore, "transforming business processes focused on the arrival of an IoT society" is listed as one of the focus areas under strengthening the business foundation in the medium-term management plan. To this end, we are developing a cutting-edge integrated enterprise resource planning (ERP) system.
Each Group company is implementing digitalization in various ways, including streamlining of business operations using robotic process automation (RPA), as well as in their plant and distribution operations, communications with customers, and workstyle innovations. For instance, JX Nippon Mining & Metals has launched the IoT & AI Promotion Project, which promotes an advanced level of quality management and preventive mainte- nance at plants utilizing sensing technology. In addition, the JXTG
Group contributes to the development of a recycling-oriented society through the provision of electronic materials supporting digitalization.

