Feature
ISEKI Group's strengths Value creation of ISEKI GroupISEKI Group's strengths are “technological capabilities,” “support capabilities to offer farm business proposals,” and “innovation based on collaboration.” ISEKI Group will continue
to generate economic and social value simultaneously through the business activities that leverage these strengths cultivated over 96 years as the source of its competitive edge.
Further reinforcement of these three strengths will bring a sustainable growth of domestic and overseas businesses.Business foothold supporting our strengths
Manufacturing capital
 Dream Agricultural Research Institute
In order to create new agricultural value, the Dream Agricultural Research Institute is engaged in research, demonstration, and promotion of smart agriculture that utilizes advanced technologies and advanced farm business technologies while strengthening collaboration with the government, municipalities, research institutions, universities, private businesses, Japan Agricultural Cooperatives (JA), and farm producers.
In addition, the Group strives to develop specialists to further strengthen its support capabilities to offer farm business proposals.
The Dream Agricultural Research Institute located in Tsukubamirai City, Ibaraki Prefecture
Research & Development center and Production sites
The research & development center located in Ehime prefecture plays an important role in developing products to solve our customer needs and issues and conducting advanced research on the products required by the next generations.
With four production sites in Japan and three overseas, we have built a manufacturing system that enables overseas production sites to produce the same high quality products as those in Japan.
PT. ISEKI INDONESIA as a global production site
  Intellectual capital Human capital Manufacturing capital
Technological capabilities
Technological capabilities to develop breakthrough agricultural and landscape machinery and create innovation as a leading company
       Technological capabilitiesSupport capabilities to offer farm business proposals
  Innovation based on collaboration
   Social and relationship capital
 Human resources development to enhance our strengths
Development of experts through professional training
Human capital
 We have built a comprehensive human resources development scheme from “development” and “production” to “sales and services,” to produce reliable products and provide breakthrough products and services. ISEKI holds several technology contests internally to improve the firm-wide technological capabilities. We also conduct training for employees working outside Japan actively to leverage our technological capabilities developed in Japan to roll out the global operations.
Since FY2020, we have been developing human resources in various fields by blending online training with classroom training.
Development Production Sales and services
      IETC
ISEKI Basic Engineering Training Center
Nurturing young designers
Number of trainees: 455 in 2020
ITTC
ISEKI Technical Training Center
Nurturing leaders of production sites in Japan and overseas
Number of trainees: 214 in 2020
IGTC
ISEKI Global Training Center
Nurturing sales and services staffs in Japan and overseas
Number of trainees: 451 in 2020
         Innovation based on collaboration
Capabilities to develop and provide groundbreaking products and services and pitch new value to the new markets by collaborating with partners in each field and region both in Japan and overseas
Intellectual capital Human capital Manufacturing capital
Support capabilities to offer farm business proposals
Support capabilities to offer farm business proposals to solve customer's issues from both hard (agricultural machinery) and soft (production management and advanced farm business technologies) aspects
      9 ISEKI Report 2021
ISEKI Report 2021 10  Corporate information Financial and non-financial data Initiatives that support value creation Value creation of ISEKI Group
    Feature ISEKI Group's strengths Value creation of ISEKI Group
 Intellectual property strategies supporting our strengths
With the philosophy of our founder, “free farmers from exhausting labor,” ISEKI Group has consistently pursued efficiency and laborsaving advances in agriculture and have developed a significant amount of revolutionary agricultural machinery and facilities with ISEKI’s unique technologies that meet the changes and needs of agriculture and society. We are working on the intellectual property strategies to support our strengths.
Proof of ISEKI Group's high technological capabilities
Our proactive efforts to develop, launch and commercialize new technologies are exemplified by the high number of patent application registrations in Japan per specialty field, high patent allowance rates, and awards received in recognition of the inventions. Taking advantage of the technological capabilities underpinned by the intellectual property, we try to differentiate ourselves from peers.
Number of laid-open application per specialty field/Number of patent application registrations per specialty field
Invention creation and rights acquisition
Given the significance of patent acquisition to achieve a competitive advantage, the Group engages in intellectual property activities that bring about innovation. Such activities include the creation of core technologies and strategic acquisition of rights to, and use of, inventions and creations, which are intellectual outputs derived from the creation of core technologies.
ISEKI Group is driving forward invention proposal activities based on invention themes considering promising technologies and market trends and needs. We also bring together engineers in charge of various products and carry out invention creation activity by systematically grasping agriculture as a whole to improve the quality and quantity of inventions through horizontal deployment of technology. Taking into account future social environment, technological trends, and feasibility of the business, we examine the invention, and then acquire the property rights only for the highly viable ones to protect our proprietary technology and enhance the competitiveness of product development.
In preparation for the 100th anniversary in 2025, we have set the invention proposals related to advanced technologies such as electrification and smart agriculture (ICT, robots, etc.) as a priority issue. We will increase the ratio of advanced technologies relating proposals to more than 60% of all invention proposals, building a solid intellectual property portfolio of advanced technologies.
Development departments
Intellectual capital
Sales departments
Market trends and needs
      Promising technologies
Gathering opinions
 Invention proposal themes
     Year
Agriculture and fishery
Patent allowance rate
83.7〜91.8% Rank
Other special machinery
Invention proposal activities
Invention proposal
Examination
Patent application
Field
 No. 1
No. 2
No. 1
Rank
     Year
Patent allowance rate
2000~2006
2004~2010
2007~2014
2011
2016~2017
2012~2017
2018
2018
2019
2019
Number of invention awards received (The Japan Institute of Invention and Innovation)
 National Awards for Inventions: 19
Regional Awards for Inventions: 208 (As of June 2021)
Social environment Technological trends
Feasibility of the project
  91.8%
94.7〜100%
96.4%
97.7%
   No. 1
No. 2
No. 1
No. 2
No. 1
Initiatives to leverage our strengths
  Case Development of “PRJ series,” riding rice transplanter
2.
installed with turning assisting function
On the occasion of the 50th anniversary of Sanae, a flagship rice transplanter, we have launched PR series and PRJ series of riding rice transplanters. These series are innovative riding rice transplanters equipped with advanced technologies while inheriting the high-level basic performance of the existing models.
In addition to the conventional straight travel function, the new addition of a turning assisting function (Operesta Turn®) enables the rice transplanter to assist not only straight-travel operation while planting but also steering operation while making a turn. This makes it possible for even inexperienced workers to plant with ease and precision, alleviating labor shortages, reducing fatigue from long hours of work, and improving efficiency.
To protect such proprietary inventions, the development, sales, and intellectual property departments work together to strategically acquire intellectual property rights.
NumberofindustrialpropertyrightsrelatingtoPR/PRJseries(inJapan) (As of March 31, 2021) 107 49
Technological capabilities
U-turn
Turn-back and making a turn
 Straight travel assistingfunction
Automatic steering during straight-line planting Planting straightly with ease
Turningassistingfunction
Assisting in steering while making a turn Intuitive operation with the main gearshift Assisting in row adjustment
     Patents
Design rights
   Registered
     Pending
21
7
    Case Development of the “Semi-automated vegetable
1.
transplanter PVHR200” adaptable to various crops
Technological capabilities
“2020 Development Prize”
from The Japanese Society of Agricultural Machinery and Food Engineers
  The vegetable farming market experiencing rapid growth has recently seen growing needs of mechanization, while requiring more versatility of machinery which accommodate the different types of planting depending on the area and crops.
The semi-automated vegetable transplanter PVHR200 series is a riding-type semi-automatic vegetable transplanter adaptable to a wide range of crops. In response to the demands from many vegetable growers, the enhanced adaptability to various planting enables 27-step adjustment of intrarow spacing (distance between nursery plants) and seamless adjustment of interrow spacing (between rows of nursery plants) from 30 to 70cm.
The riding-type two-row semi-automated vegetable transplanter received “2020 Development Prize” from The Japanese Society of Agricultural Machinery and Food Engineers, for a contribution to technological advancement.
Interrow spacing
30-70cm
 Semi-automated vegetable transplanter “PVHR200”
Intrarow spacing
22-60cm
Height of ridge Tread 10-35cm
 95-57cm (L3, L3D type) 93-125cm, 127-159cm (WD type)
  >> Comments from a developer
Nobuhiro Yamane
Head of Vegetable Farming Transplanting Research Team, Vegetable Farming Machinery Research Group, Agri Create Department
Semi-automated vegetable transplanter “PVHR series” is an unprecedented type of vegetable transplanter that shares the handiness the light walking- type machinery have with the functions that allows for planting on board.
Of PVHR series, PVHR 200 which was awarded as “2020 Development prize” has been highly evaluated in the market for its further improvement of operator handling, its safety and adaptability to planting.
I continue to work on the development and provision of competitive, innovative products with a view to expand the sale of vegetable farming machinery.
    11 ISEKI Report 2021
ISEKI Report 2021 12
 Corporate information Financial and non-financial data Initiatives that support value creation Value creation of ISEKI Group

   Feature ISEKI Group's strengths Value creation of ISEKI GroupCase Joint research and development with research
Innovation based on collaboration3.
institutions and universities
ISEKI Group engages in joint research and development of agricultural machinery with testing research institutions and universities to accelerate and improve efficiency of technology development. Such collaboration facilitates the rapid realization of future-oriented technologies and commercialization, which contribute to a sustainable growth of agriculture.
Research collaboration agreement with Ehime University and continuous provision of endowed courses
ISEKI and Ehime University entered into a research collaboration agreement on the “Intelligent Food Production System” in 2005 with an aim to enhance academic research on stable food provision and facilitate the use of the research outcome into the regional commu- nities. Moreover, in 2010, we started another endowed course, “Design Engineering for Horticultural and High-technology Green- house” to facilitate research and development and human resource development to spread the use of the plant factories. As a result, we commercialized “PD6C,” the first plant growth diagnosis device in the industry in 2015.
We will continue to strengthen our collaboration with Ehime University. Through the cutting-edge cultivation technology that integrates information and communication technology (ICT), artificial intelligence (AI), and robotization technology, we will dramatically increase the productivity of crops, including safe and secure food, while contributing to promotion of smart agriculture and revitalizing local communities.
Technological capabilities
 Plant factory and Plant growth diagnosis device
  Joint research development projects in FY2020
 Testing research institutions 10 themes Universities 2 themes
  Case Collaboration with global
Technologicalcapabilities Supportcapabilitiestoofferfarmbusinessproposals Innovation based on collaboration5.
strategic partners
AGCO
We collaborate with a global major company, AGCO Corporation, to supply our OEM products to countries around the world. Especially in North America, the compact tractor market is expanding due to stay-at-home special demands and changing lifestyle during the pandemic. We further expand sales of our products in North America by using AGCO’s sales channel.
TAFE
Leveraging the partnership with Tractors and Farm Equipment Limited (TAFE), the second largest agricultural machinery manufacturer in India, we expand the sales network of our products and to form a technological alliance. The rice transplanters launched in India since 2019 have been highly acclaimed, resulting in an increase in the sales in 2020 by approximately ten times from the previous year.
We are working to strengthen the partnership by providing guidance on the machinery maintenance and technical service training to TAFE. Moreover, by provid- ing training on not only machinery but also raising seeding, ISEKI Group spreads farm business and cultivation technologies and knowhow that it has accumulated in Japan to promote synergies with mechanization of agriculture and improve laborsaving and productivity.
 Compact tractors supplied to North America on an OEM basis
Training for TAFE provided by the employee from ISEKI
 Case Collaboration with the national and
Support capabilities tooffer farmbusiness proposals Innovation based on collaboration6.
local governments
ISEKI Group carries out demonstration experiments in actual fields utilizing smart technology in collaboration with the govern- ment and municipalities to develop and promote technologies for cost reduction and laborsaving.
Partnership agreement regarding smart organic agriculture signed with Kisarazu City
In March 2021, ISEKI and Kisarazu City signed the “Partnership Agreement Regard- ing Promotion of Agriculture Utilizing Advanced Technology and Organic Agricul- ture”, to start practical application and verification of smart agriculture and organic agriculture.
Organic farming requires weeding without using pesticides. Therefore, by utilizing smart organic technologies including “water management technology” to remotely control the growth of weeds and “weeding technology” to remove weeds when they occur, we aim to achieve sustainable agricultural development based on ad- vanced production technology, cost reduction and establishment of cultivation method for high-quality crops.
Signing ceremony with Kisarazu City
 Case
4.
Support for obtaining GAP certification to visualize agriculture
Support capabilities tooffer farmbusiness proposalsISEKI Group helps farm producers to obtain GAP certification as an initiative to provide comprehensive support of farm manage- ment.
 Comments from farm producers
Mr. Kai at Nobeoka Farm of M Trust Co., Ltd. (left) and Mr. Yoshika- wa at Sales Promotion Department of ISEKI Kyushu Co., Ltd.
Miyazaki Prefecture is home to a variety of agricultural products such as green peppers and cucumbers. How- ever, in recent years, abandoned and wasteland areas have been increasing due to a lack of farmers. I formed an agricultural corporation in September 2019 by using
abandoned land and local employment. To maintain sta- ble agricultural management and establish safe agricul- tural production system, we started initiatives to obtain JGAP certification with the aid of a JGAP instructor from Iseki Kyushu Co., LTD.
To obtain JGAP certification, we need to manualize the agricultural production process including preparing a production plan and setting a standard for safer crops, while keeping the operation under control to ensure
the work safety of employees. Creating an easy-to-un- derstand manual was difficult, as the employees did
not usually pay attention to how to wash their hands and machines or how to harvest cabbages. However,
by solving each issue toward obtaining certification, we were able to "visualize" the farm management—where and how the crops were produced—, realizing that it enhanced the safety of crops.
Going forward, thorough familiarity with the manual among the employee is encouraged so that they can further improve their work efficiency and use it to plan next year's crops. In addition to providing safe and delicious agricultural products, we are committed to community-based sustainable farm management.
   Case Initiatives to energize
Technological capabilities Support capabilities tooffer farmbusiness proposals Innovation based on collaboration7.
female farmers
About 40% of agricultural workers are women and they play important roles in farming and community activities. To provide further support to the female farmers’ activities, ISEKI Group has participated in NOGYOJOSHI (female farmers) project by the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fishery (MAFF). We held agricultural machinery handling seminars throughout Japan, created clear manuals for safety use, and worked with female farmers to develop “easy-to-handle” agricultural machinery for everyone.
In 2020, given the difficulty in conducting face-to-face initiatives due to the spread of COVID-19, we began to hold online roundtable discussions on useful topics for agricultural management including GAP, sixth industrialization and soil cultivation.
⃝Totalnumberofseminarsonhowtooperateagriculturalmachinery:35 Commentsfrom
Seminars on how to operate agricultural machinery
“I could learn the key point of soil cultivation, which is essential to growing crops.”
“The online event was easy to attend, which gave me a chance to interact with female farmers nationwide.
 ⃝Total number of participants in the project: over 700
theparticipants
 About GAP
GAP stands for "Good Agricultural Practice," a method of farm management used by producers to achieve sustainable agriculture. JGAP is a Japanese version of agricultural production process management certified by Japan GAP Foundation. The certification is
granted upon the assessment by a third-party organization, whether the agricultural operation including the management of fertilizers and pesticides or labor safety at the site meets the criteria.
Implementing JGAP is expected to help curb food and agricultural accidents, protect the environment, develop human resources, and improve work efficiency, as well as secure the trust of consumers.13 ISEKI Report 2021
ISEKI Report 2021 14