Value creation of ISEKI GroupMessage fromthe General Division Manager of the Business Division
To realize a farming industry full of dreams, we will provide the best solutions and create a sustainable future for farming in Japan.
Product strategies
As the structure of the farming industry continues to change, we have rolled out products that meet a variety of needs, from smart agricultural machinery to low-priced models.
Agricultural machinery tailored to large-scale farming
As the scale of farm management continues to grow, ISEKI Group has a product lineup covering from the most advanced models to simple, low-priced models suitable for different crop cultivation methods and farm business scales.
In recent years, demand has been growing for smart con- trolled agricultural machines equipped with automatic steering functions. ISEKI is promoting the commercialization of various types of advanced agricultural machinery, including tractors and rice transplanters.
In rice planting operations in particular, which are being increasingly contracted out, there are great expectations for efficient eight-row rice transplanters and growing require- ments for automatic steering. To meet this need, in 2020, ISEKI launched rice transplanters
Service strategies
In addition to providing agricultural machinery, we will roll out services to solve farm owners’ problems and support challeng- es toward new types of agriculture.
Amoni, an agriculture platform co-created by farmers, ISEKI Group, and participating companies
Amoni, a platform for the exchange of agriculture-related informa- tion, was built in a partnership between ISEKI Group, companies involved in agriculture, and
farm owners. As large-scale
     Yukio Nawata
Director & Managing Corporate Officer, General Division Manager of the Business Division
Director & Managing Corporate Officer,
In Japanese farming, support for the agricultural industry is urgently needed to address its many different issues, including the decline in farmers due to aging and shortages of labor to accommodate the growing scale of farms. Efforts toward smart agriculture are also accelerating, prompted by labor shortages caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Under these circumstances, ISEKI Group has declared the “provision of best solutions” tailored to our customers’ farm business styles as a basic strategy. Striving to promote and strengthen DX through smart agricultural machinery and data connections, we aim to build a new agricultural value chain, which will include the improvement of yields and quality and the reduction of costs and labor burdens, and make attractive proposals for “Japanese farming equals profitable farming.” We will also work actively toward innovations aimed at expanding environmentally-conscious products for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions in the farming sector and the expansion of the area of land used for organic agriculture.
On the service front, in our shift from “products” to “services,” from fiscal 2021, we will roll out “i-Magazine,” a digital support tool that allows quick access to the information that customers want, including product inventory and owned machinery searches, i-Next video content, farm business information, and instruction manual and parts list searches. In the same timeframe, we will also roll out “Amoni,” an agricultural platform that will enable co-creation and coordination between large-scale agricultural creators and farming-related manufacturers and start-up companies to address a variety of issues. In such ways, we will strive for the further expansion of solutions.
As it heads toward the next stage, ISEKI will create a sustainable future for Japanese farming together with farmers.
equipped with straight travel/turning assist functions, which allow inexperienced operators
to operate the machine in straight lines and turns as well as a skilled operator. Already, over 60% of our eight-row class models have straight travel/turning assist functions installed.
farming increases, the need for efficiency improvements and laborsaving in agriculture has become greater than ever, and the information that farm owners require has grown increasingly diverse and complex. By sharing
the actual situation on the ground on farms with videos, demonstration reports, and other means via Amoni, we will solve the problems that beset large-scale farming together and support the establishment of a new kind of agricultural management tailored to the changing environment.
Amoni, established in July 2021
 Social changes and issues
Business environment and social issues
Agriculture and forestry industry KPIs in Strategy for Sustainable Food Systems, MeaDRI
Source: “Strategy for Sustainable Food Systems, MeaDRI” published by Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries
Service strategies
Products for vegetable farming market
Despite the recent expansion of Japan’s vegetable farming market, many of Japan’s vegetable production systems still rely on manual labor. Needs exist for the commercialization of integrated systems for automating vegetable farming to make the work easier and promote laborsaving.
In the area of vegetable harvesting, where mechanization
has been particularly slow, ISEKI has commercialized harvesting equipment for many different vegetables, starting with the VHC18 carrot harvester in 1998. Our line-up now includes harvesters for ginger, cabbage, and Japanese
radish.
By continuing to develop a full product range to meet the diverse needs of vegetable farming, we
will support expansion of scale and improvement of efficiency in the vegetable market, where demand is expected to grow.
VHD102-S Japanese radish harvesting machinery
Human resource development
With the aim of developing human resources who can respond flexibly to structural changes in the agricultural industry, we are implementing a variety of initiatives aimed at improving our people’s ability to offer proposals and support to customers, as well as their technical service capabilities.
Key initiatives
Various specialist training programs run by in-house training department
(ISEKI Global Training Center)
Smart Agricultural Machinery Course and Pro Mechanic Course to strengthen ability to respond to farmers
Pre-exam workshops for agricultural machinery mechan- ic qualification exam
Ricetransplanterequippedwithstraighttravel/turningassistfunctions Sanae JapanPRJ8
Strengthening of sales and service systems
To provide efficient, effective farm business services of high quali- ty, ISEKI Group is setting up large-scale maintenance bases in each district to act as core centers. By developing systems that will also be able to accommodate large-scale farming, we are working to expand our sales share and maintenance income.
ISEKI Hokkaido Co., Ltd. The three sales offices were merged and a large-scale base with adjoining large-scale maintenance center was opened to respond to the increasing size of machines and growing demand accompanying the expansion of scale of customers in the north Hokkaido area.
ISEKI Hokkaido’s Kitasorachi Service Workshop
Nation-wide Service Skills Contest for junior service tech- nicians to test the advancement of their skills (not held in 2020 due to COVID-19)
Team TJ Training, a training workshop on large-scale farm- ing and smart agriculture
Reiwa Sanae Brigade, a team of junior employees sent to farms to support rice transplanter demonstrations   Environment
Decline in number of farms Increase in large-scale farming Crop diversification Acceleration of smart agriculture New trends
Issues
Amountsinvestedinmachinery Insufficient featuresShortage of labor powerOrganic farmingGreenhouse gases Horticultural facilities Food waste
Zero CO2 emissions from agriculture, forestry, and fisheries
 Complete transition to facilities that do not use fossil fuels
 Agriculturalandforestrymachinery
Establishment of technologies related to electrification, hydrogen use, etc. (by 2040)
 50% reduction in commercial food waste compared with FY2000 (by FY2030) Medium-termbasic strategies
Vision and directions
Product strategies
   Large-sized products Smart agricultural machinery Vegetable farming machinery Low-cost products
Strengthen service structure for introduction of large-sized machinery Provide solutions through digital platforms for farmers
Develop human resources who are knowledgeable about smart agricultural machinery and ICT-related products Improve efficiency of sales activities using digital parts
 Provide innovative products and higher quality of services to the customersISEKI, a company with a strong presence through agricultural machinery products and services Realization of sustainable agriculture
[Toward 2025]
Laborsaving and cost cutting Improvement of productivity
Introduction of smart control in farming
Promotion of active participation by farmers
Chemical pesticides
Chemical fertilizers
50% reduction in risk-weighted use
30% reduction in use
Targets to 2050
   25% increase (1 Mha)
  Value offered through businessDomestic Business Company
27 ISEKI Report 2021
ISEKI Report 2021 28
Corporate information Financial and non-financial data Initiatives that support value creation Value creation of ISEKI Group
 Value creation of ISEKI Group
   Message fromthe General Division Manager, Overseas Business Division
As a “solution provider for agriculture and landscape,” we will strive to further expand our overseas business, to help solve global issues.
North America strategy
In North America, ISEKI supplies major global company, AGCO, with compact tractors of PTO horsepower less than 40 and utility tractors of horsepower less than 100 under an OEM contract. These products are being used by a wide range of users.
In the North American market, as people have been spend- ing more time at their homes in the suburbs during the COVID-19 pandemic, changes are also being seen in their lifestyles. With this trend, demand for compact tractors target- ing private users has increased, and there is growing demand for lower prices and greater ease of use. ISEKI helps consumers to enrich their lives with the kind of quality only we can offer, including human-friendly design based on ergonomics, and we have increased sales of compact tractors in particular.
Going forward, we will further deepen our partnership with AGCO to launch onto the
market in a timely manner
new products that meet lo-
Asia strategy
In the ASEAN region, the ratio of capital contribution in IST Farm Ma- chinery, the company established in Thailand in a joint venture with Mitsubishi Corporation in 2013, was changed at the end of 2020, and IST became a consolidated subsidiary of ISEKI. In addition, through streamlining and function integration efforts with ISEKI (Thailand) Co., Ltd., our controlling base for parts and service in the region, we will aim to expand our sales and service into countries neighboring ASEAN, with IST playing a central role. The conditions under which farming machinery is used in this region are very harsh, requiring products that are highly durable and low-cost. ISEKI has launched tractors that are low in cost due to production in Indonesia and that also offer improved durability and workability, through which we are supporting mechanization in the region. In India, we have collaborat- ed with our strategic partner, TAFE, to sell rice transplanters, which are proving popular locally.
Like Japan, the East Asia is beset with social issues such as a short- age of farm workers and aging of the farming population, leading to increased needs for advanced technologies and large-scale agricultur- al machinery. ISEKI has introduced the kind of large-sized, high-per- formance rice-farming equipment that is in active use in Japan mainly into the Taiwan, South Korea, and China markets, contributing to labor-saving and higher efficiency in farming operations.
     Kazuya Tani
Director & Corporate Officer General Division Manager, Overseas Business Division
As the COVID-19 pandemic has changed our living environments in direct or indirect ways, the activities of ISEKI Group continue to contribute strongly in the various regions to the creation of a sustainable society as an essential business.
The North American small-sized tractor market expanded to its greatest size ever due to demand prompted by the stay-at-home trend during the pandemic. We believe that there will continue to be more opportunities for ISEKI’s products to help people to improve their quality of life through the land, such as enjoying gardening and hobby farming at their homes in the suburbs.
In the European market, the high quality of ISEKI products and our strong track record have made ISEKI a widely known brand. In the individual European countries, which are more advanced in their environmental responses, a green recovery, that is economic recovery through the creation of environment-related businesses, is being considered. Going forward, we will contribute further to environment-related businesses, including with the electrifica- tion of our products. Further, amid the various changes in the environment, mechanization of agriculture to secure food supplies remains a challenge in many countries. In Asia, in particu- lar, there are many regions where rice farming is the predominant crop, and demand for agricultural machinery, which has evolved in Japan, is rising sharply. ISEKI integrated its Thai locations last year and now aims to expand our business further.
In the new Mid-term Management Plan, ISEKI declared itself a “solution provider for agriculture and landscape.” We will further expand our overseas business beyond our past status as a well-loved Japanese agricultural machinery manufacturer to a corporate group that provides solutions needed in various parts of the world.
cal needs, in an effort to ex- pand our market share. We will also strive for further cost reductions to ensure a proper level of profit amid intense price competition.
Europe strategy
Compact tractor popular with private users, MF1835E
TAFE
Myanmar
ISTE
Laos
Vietnam Cambodia
Philippines
Malaysia
  Social changes and issues
Forecast for global population and food supply and demand
Trends in North American compact tractor market and new housing starts
In Europe, ISEKI offers tractors, riding mowers, and other ma- chinery for landscaping, such as mowing lawns in parks, road cleaning, and snow clearing. Our products are contributing to the preservation of the beautiful landscape in Europe and to the prevention of epidemics. In Europe, where environmental awareness is higher than anywhere else in the world, exhaust regulations (EU Stage V) that are even stricter than the current regulations will come into full force from 2022. With ISEKI’s SF5 series of riding mowers, we have realized a reduction of environmental burden through the installation of EU Stage V-compliant engines, and we have also taken low-noise oper- ations and ease of use into consideration. These features have made the series popular among professional customers such as landscape developers.
In Europe, the European Green Deal, which aims to achieve
a balance between decarbonization and economic growth by 2050, is being heralded, and the need for more environmental- ly-friendly products is predicted to expand. Many countries have also declared that they will prohibit the sale of new gasoline- and diesel-powered vehicles by 2030, and it is possible that agricul- tural machinery that travels on public roads will also be subject to the same level of restrictions. To meet these daily changing needs, ISEKI is currently progressing research and development of small-sized electric tractor mowers with the aim of mass pro- duction by 2024.
In addition to the strengthening of service and sales capabil- ities by rebuilding our existing sales networks, we will continue to provide products that meet customers’ expectations. In this way, we will raise the profile of the ISEKI brand in the landscap- ing market.
Restrictions on sale of new gasoline- and diesel-powered vehicles in major European nations
 Population in developing countries   Grain production volume
Population in developed countries  3,009million tons
(thousand units)
250 200 150
  U.S. new housing starts
North American compact tractor market (PTO 0-40HP)
Indonesia
  2,021million tons 6.59billion people
2005–2007
2,612million tons 7.59billion people
2017–2019
8.50billion people
2030
(thousandhomes)
1,500 1,300 1,100
Expansion of sales and service into the ASEAN region, based in IST
Use of global human resources
Ms. Vilasinee is the Sales Department General Manager of IST Farm Machinery, which has become a consolidated subsidiary. She has worked in sales since first joining the company and was promoted to General Manager of the Sales Department in 2020. The sales division considers measures for expanding sales of ISEKI products through distributors, agents, and direct sales centers and strives to deepen relationships with distributors. Ms. Vilasinee is highly regarded for her meticulous support and sharp perspectives and has earned great trust from customers. ISEKI Group will continue in its efforts to make use of its global human resources with the aim of expanding its business.
Employees succeeding on the global stage
Vilasinee, General Manager, Sales Department IST Farm Machinery
ISEKI & Co., Ltd. has insight into the establishment of the ISEKI brand not only in Japan but in overseas markets as well.
Under the new structure, we will incorporate ISEKI’s know-how into IST Farm Machinery’s strategies and engage in proactive sales and marketing activities to pursue the expansion of sales and to bring smiles to farmers.
    5.38 1.21
6.33
1.26
7.22
1.28
  Medium-termbasicstrategies
Vision and directions
100 900 50 700
0 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 500 Source: Association of Equipment Manufacturers (AEM), United States Census Bureau
(USCB)
2,021百万トン
 We will pursue manufacturing, sales, and service that meet customer needs in the three key regions, aiming for the expansion of our overseas business.
Meet regional needs and solve issues in various parts of the world
(North America) Support the enrichment of private lives
(Europe) Create clean, pleasant urban environment
(Asia) Reduce burden on farm workers, support food production
2020
CO2
2025
Norway
2030 2035 2040
Germany, Finland Belgium, Netherlands Sweden, U.K.
France
(Summary of individual countries’ legislative information)
 North America
  Europe
  Asia
   Increase share of compact tractor market
Support expansion of AG- CO’s sales network Introduce lower-cost econo- my tractors to market
  Increase presence in landscaping market
Accelerate response to elec- trification
Expand product line-up, including consumer products
Rebuild sales network with a view to consolidation
  Roll out rice farming-related machinery developed in Japan
Build foundations for ASEAN busi- ness based on the revamped IST Introduce high-performance, large- scale rice-farming machinery to market
Strengthen systems through integrated oper- ations from production to sales and service
        Value offered through business
   Overseas Business Company
29 ISEKI Report 2021
ISEKI Report 2021 30
Corporate information Financial and non-financial data Initiatives that support value creation Value creation of ISEKI Group

Value creation of ISEKI GroupMessagefromtheGeneral DivisionManager, Development &ProductionDivision
We will pursue product development strategies that focus on the regions and products where we have strengths and on growth markets.
Product strategies
For product development that focuses on the regions and products where we have strengths and on growth markets, we are pursuing product development in which our Japanese and overseas operations and production and development divisions work as one based on priority measures. Globally, there are concerns about food shortages due to population growth, and there are calls for the expansion
of production volumes in rice farming, a sector that is one of ISEKI
Research and development system
ISEKI has built a research and development system that displays collective power through collaboration among the development, production, and marketing departments. We determine the direction for the product strategy and research and development based on the needs and market trends in each region, and engage in speedy research and development. We also collaborate with research institutions and universities, conducting joint research and development to improve the speed and efficiency of technology development. In our frontrunner development, we will pursue research and development and deliberations in the areas of electrification, automation, robotics, data use, and hydrogen use.
Global production system
Domestic production system in Japan
At our Japanese manufacturing bases, to achieve optimal efficiency as a whole that crosses the boundaries of individual factories, we will reorganize into component and unit production bases and product assembly and shipment bases to make effective use of the Group’s human resources and equipment. Further, in addition to reviewing the in-house/external production categories, we will further strengthen our collaborations
with Japanese and overseas suppliers in an effort to mitigate procurement risk. Through these kinds of structural reforms, we will aim for the further enhancement of quality and profitability.
Group’s strengths. To expand demand for agricultural machinery, ISEKI Group will develop platforms to ensure the respective basic performance of tractors, combine harvesters, and rice transplanters and, on that basis, introduce global strategic machines that complies with each region’s regulations and has the necessary fixtures added. This will allow us to meet the diverse needs and regulations of each region, as well as help to reduce development costs.
(1) Electrification
Using technologies cultivated through electric products and research, we will pursue the development of electric products for professionals in the European landscaping market in response to environmental issues, home vegetable gardens, and greenhouses.
(2) Automation, robotics, and data use
Targeting expansion of scale, while progressively launching smart agricultural machinery for laborsaving and farming that uses data, we will pursue development aimed at the full- scale dissemination of completely automated machinery.
(3) Hydrogen use
In response to environmental issues, we will pursue the development and consideration of agricultural machinery that uses hydrogen, with zero CO2 emissions.
Overseas production system
PT. ISEKI INDONESIA is a production base for strategic machinery for North America, Europe, and the ASEAN region, and produces tractors that meet the high quality, low price needs by capitalizing on expertise it has acquired locally over many years. Its production volumes are on the rise, and, by building systems for lowering costs and increasing production through the optimization of its suppliers, it will strive for the further expansion of its business.
Dongfeng Iseki Agricultural Machinery Co., Ltd. (Xiangyang) produces high-performance large rice transplanters, high- horsepower tractors, and combine harvesters that are suited to local large-scale rice farming, which it supplies to the local market in China and exports to the ASEAN region.
●Production volume at PT. ISEKI INDONESIA (units) 12,600
   Hajime Odagiri
Director & Managing Corporate Officer,
General Division Manager, Development & Production Division
Even as the market environment seems to be changing by the minute, we continue to carry on our founder’s passion of “freeing farmers from exhausting labor.” Our development and production divisions are working as one to develop products that respond to social changes. We are further strengthening our line-up of smart agricultural machinery that address problems in the agricultural industry, including the shortage of farmers caused by the shrinking and aging of the farming population in Japan and the consequent expansion of scale of farming, contributing to ultra-laborsaving, high-profit agriculture, as well as low- priced products for small-scale farms, and products that meet the needs of field crops and vegetable farming markets. Overseas, we will aim to strengthen our competitiveness and expand our brand through the development of products that meet the respective needs of the North American, European, and Asian regions.
In our production systems, we will pursue structural reforms through the construction of optimal production systems that make effective use of the management resources of our Japanese and overseas production bases. We will also review in-house/external production categories, in our efforts to further strengthen our business structure for the enhancement of profitability and quality. Viewing the changes in the environment surrounding society as opportunities, we will continue to place efforts into farm work safety measures, with the safety of our customers as our top priority. We will also actively engage, from both development and production angles, in initiatives such as the development of high-end automated and robotic products, the roll-out of global strategic machines that meet the diverse needs of individual regions, electrification of products aimed at the realization of a decarbonized society, which has become a pressing issue, and the deliberation of use of new energies.
● Increase in size of farm business ● Increase in size of agricultural machinery ● Acceleration of smart agriculture ● Crop diversification to field crops and vegetables
Vision and directions
● Enhancement of farm business technologies ● Need for high quality, high performance,
high durability, and low prices
● Stable food production and supply
● Mechanization of agriculture in Asia ● Maintenance and preservation of landscapes, including townscapes ● Lifestyle change
● Environmental response and creation of a decarbonized society
 Social changes and issues
  Medium-termbasic strategies
 We will pursue product development strategies that focus on the regions and products where we have strengths and on growth markets, as well as structural reforms through the construction of optimal production systems.
Product development strategiesJapanResponse to large-scale farming
●Strengthening of large to medium size, low price, smart agricultural machinery and products for field crops and vegetable farming
●Products and services in response to changes in farming stylesOverseasResponse to brand expansion
● Strengthening of products for European and North American markets, which are our strength ●Gaining foothold by strengthening products for ASEAN ●Establishment of brand in China and East Asia  In-house production
Key safety components core technologies
Streamlining of production system
External production
Japanese suppliers
Overseas suppliers
Further strengthen collaboration with Japanese and overseas suppliers ⇒ Mitigate procurement risk   7,300 3,900
9,700
8,400
10,500CommonSafety and environmental responses
●Measures to prevent farming accidents ●Expansion of emission regulations-compliant engines produced in-house ●Development of electric productsFrontrunner development
●Introduction of global strategic machines ●Electrification and hydrogen use to address environmental issues ●Automation, robotics, data use, etc.  Value offered through business
As a frontrunner, provide value through the development and production of products that make customers happy
Each production base has established a system for proposing improvements that target strengthening of safety, improvement of quality, and reduction of man-hours and costs. These frameworks are highly active, with approximately 50,000 improvement proposals made in FY2020, resulting in cost reductions of approximately 300 million yen. Value engineering (VE) activities that allow for cost cutting through improvements in product designing and
manufacturing methods, parts procurement methods, etc., are also conducted to manufacture products at a lower cost.
In addition to efforts to develop specialist human resources in development and manufacturing, the “technological research presentations” is held every year to share outcomes of research and development and invention information, with the aim of raising the standard of the Group as a whole.
Improvement activities and human resources development in development and manufacturing
2015
2016 2017
2018 2019 2020
 31 ISEKI Report 2021
ISEKI Report 2021 32