Initiatives that support value creationFlow of how voices of customers are reflected in product development
  Development and optimization of quality at each stepGrasping the required qualityQuality assurance verification and evaluation (design review)
Number of recalls by fiscal year*2
Contents of inquiries regarding products from customers (FY2020)
Major service activities
 Agricultural machinery mechanics
Approximately 2,200 (As of March 2021)Safety training
Provide safety training at sales compa- nies throughout Japan
Instructions on test operations upon delivery
Provide usage instructions using a checklist upon test operationInspections and maintenance
Provide inspections and maintenance to ensure safe use
Responses to product failures
Provide a prompt repair service to respond to a defect occurred2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Number of recalls
5
6
0
2
0Improvement of customer satisfaction and quality assurance
Basic Policy
ISEKI Group provides products and services that satisfy customers through activities to improve customer satisfaction.
ESG
Product quality assurance
Basic Policy
ISEKI Group works to provide consistent product quality assurance from product planning to sales and after-sales service while reflecting the opinions from the market in product development and improvement so as to offer products developed from the customers’ perspective in a timely manner.
The Group takes all possible measures for quality control and makes prompt responses in good faith should any quality related issues arise.
Product development and consistent quality assur-
ance system that reflect the voice of customers
ISEKI Group carries out consistent quality assurance activities by reviewing the design in every step from product planning and development design to manufacturing, sales, and services with the aim of providing products that are safe and respond to the trust placed by the customers.
In product development, ISEKI Group grasps the requirement details based on the voice of customers (opinions, requests, and emerging needs) and utilizes that in “planning quality” and elaborates on functions in “design quality,” ultimately reflect- ing that in “product quality.” In each step, the Group carries out evaluation and verification of quality optimization from various aspects, including planning, development and manu- facturing. ISEKI Group also gathers customer opinions through service activities to provide instructions on test operations upon delivery and inquire on the conditions of the delivered products and has built a mechanism that feeds back those opinions for development and improvement, reflecting those in developing safe, high-quality products.
Responses to quality defects
When an issue occurs in products requiring improvement mea- sures, ISEKI promptly performs inspections and repairs of the products giving the utmost priority to customers’ safety.
When we launch a recall, we notify and report to the con- cerned authorities*1 and disclose the information on the web- site of ISEKI & CO., LTD. to draw attention of customers and provide them information.
We share information on quality deficiencies internally in order to prevent the recurrence of the same deficiency.
Responses to and utilization of inquiries from cus-
tomers
Inquiries, opinions, comments and complaints from customers, such as on products, are accepted by phone and on the web- site, and the department in charge strives to respond to them promptly in a sincere manner (target of within one day). The valuable opinions from customers are fed back to the compa- ny’s executives and concerned departments and are actively used for better product development, sales, and service activi- ties to increase customer satisfaction.
Further, for matters that receive a large number of inquiries, ISEKI Group works to disclose sufficient information on its web- site so that customers can solve the issues on their own.
Strengthening of quality control
As part of “Monozukuri (making of things) Innovation” set
out in the Mid-term Management Plan to increase the Group’s competitiveness, ISEKI Group repositioned the “Quality Control Department,” which controls overall product quality, above the “Development & Production Division” to strengthen the quality control system in January 2021. The Group holds a CS Enhance- ment Committee meeting, participated by officers in charge
of product development and sales activities, once a month to ensure security and safety in product development.
Feedback of voices of customers (opinions, requests, and emerging needs)
To ensure customers’ safety in farm work, ISEKI works to devel- op products with enhanced security and safety features. One of the challenges faced to ensure the safety of farm work using tractors is to prevent accidents caused by erroneous operations due to single-sided braking. To address this challenge, ISEKI released a “single-sided braking alarm device” for small-sized tractors* in June 2020. In order to prevent accidents and ensure secure and safe use, the device sets off a sound alarm to warn
the driver that the brake pedals are not locked together when he/she operates the accelerator pedal without interlocking the right and left brake pedals. We also ran a campaign to promote the installation of the alarm device so as to build awareness among more customers.
*Models equipped with the alarm device: TQ13/15/17, TM150/170, 16/18, 165/185, TC11/13
Product development in consideration of the needs of customers and society
  Strong relationship building with customers through sales and services
 We believe that increasing the brand value of ISEKI Group and building trust with customers are keys for us to continue to
be chosen by customers. In selling and service activities, ISEKI Group is striving to build stronger relationships with customers
Awareness-raising activities for safer use
through sales activities for the sake of customers, such as by implementing the “Sales Administrative Rules,” which set out rules for adequate provision of information on and fair transac- tions of products and services, at its sales companies in Japan.
  Product planning
Development design
Manufacturing
Sales and s e r v i c e s
Safe and high-quality product
To ensure secure and safe use of purchased products, ISEKI Group provides a pre-delivery inspection using a checklist and usage instructions on test operations. The Group is also working to provide after-sales support to ensure safe and efficient farm work through efforts, such as calling on users to check the operations and per- form pre- and post-season inspections. Further, ISEKI Group holds seminars on how to handle agricultural machinery for female farmers as part of the “NOGYOJOSHI (female farmer) Project” sponsored by the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fish- eries, in addition to providing safety training at sales companies throughout Japan. The Group is also focusing its efforts on human resource development of service staff both in Japan and abroad in order to provide high-quality and prompt services.
Incorporating into planning quality
Design quality and development of functions
Sales preparation evaluation
Verification and evaluation of product quality
Evaluation of customer satisfaction
 Before-sales services
After-sales services
 *1. Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism, Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, etc.
*2. Number of recalls filed with the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism Please find the link below to access important notifications of recalls:
https://www.iseki.co.jp/news/
(Total number of inquiries that came through the website: 404)
Adequate information provision and enhancement of the content thereof
 ISEKI Group is working on marketing activities to increase ISEKI brand awareness among a wider range of people in society, while continuing to pursue community-based activities. In addi- tion to providing accurate and easy-to-understand information on products and product labeling and marking in accordance with laws and regulations in each country and region, the Group delivers useful farm business information for customers’
farm management through media, such as a farm business information magazine “FARM ISLAND” and Dream Agricultural Research Institute Bulletin titled “Yumesoken Dayori,” which communicates cutting edge farm business technologies.
 Other: 6%
Opinion and request: 1%
Document request: 6%
Technical details: 27%
Product and parts-related: 60%
  47 ISEKI Report 2021
ISEKI Report 2021 48
Special website to introduce ICT and laborsaving and lower-cost cultivation
Farm business information magazine introducing farm business technologies and nationwide initia- tives
Corporate information Financial and non-financial data Initiatives that support value creation Value creation of ISEKI Group
Customers
Initiatives that support value creation
Field
Key initiatives Food and agricultural education
 Manufacturing education
  Experience and activity education (Development of diverse human resources)
 Culture, arts, and sports
 Contribution to local community
 International cooperation
 Contribution to environment
 Assistance for disaster recoveryEducational agenda on the Subcontract ActReaffirmation of what violates the Subcontract Act and compliance with recurrence prevention measures
Explanation on the details of recurrence prevention mea- sures; Ethical Hotline
Operational manual for compliance with the Subcontract Act
Provisions of the Subcontract Act
(1) Definitions (definitions of main subcontracting entre- preneur and subcontractor)
(2) Obligations of a main subcontracting entrepreneur (3) Prohibitions
Participation in an outside seminar on the Subcontract Act
Compliance education (Code of Ethical Behavior, Casebook of Scandals, etc.)
CSR education (CSR procurement guidelines, etc.)
 ISEKI Group CSR Procurement Guidelines (excerpts)
[1] ISEKI Group’s CSR
(Fundamental concept)
Contribute to the creation of a prosperous and sustainable society
Resolve social issues through business and improve corporate value
[2] CSR procurement policy
(Fundamental concept)
Policy that the ISEKI Group complies with in procurement activities and to promote CSR procurement
[3] CSR procurement guidelines (basic items)
1. Customer satisfaction and quality assurance
2. Compliance with laws and ethical business activities
3. Respect for human rights and creation of healthy and
safe workplace
4. Environmental preservation and green procurement
5. Coexistence with local communities and international
cooperation
6. Management transparency and accountability
   Ratio of Certified Green Suppliers
       Supply chain management E S G Basic policy (fundamental concept)
To achieve its social responsibility, together with its suppliers, across the entire supply chain, ISEKI Group’s basic policy is that “the relationship with suppliers should be fair and equitable and it will not abuse its privileged position in the trade to give unfair and disadvantageous treatment to suppliers.”
Initiatives for complying with the Act against Delay in Payment of Subcontract Proceeds, etc. to Subcontractors
Checks and supervision have been established in each group company, including checks and balances through periodic reporting to the Management Supervisory Committee and monitoring through audits. The Group also provides continuous education and training con- cerning the Act against Delay in Payment of Subcontract Proceeds, etc. to Subcontractors (the “Subcontract Act”) to conduct proper transactions with subcontractors.
Contribution to local community and international cooperation E S G Basic Policy Fundamental concept
The basic rule of ISEKI Group is “to actively contribute to local communities as a member responsible for society” and “to contribute to local society while affording respect for laws and regulations, practices and culture of the country when doing business overseas.” ISEKI Group works on contributing to society by leveraging the strengths of its main business aiming for the development of local communities in the medium- to long-term.
Key initiatives in FY2020
ISEKI Group is engaged in social contribution activities centered on fields of “food,” “agriculture” and “landscape.”
Disseminated information on agriculture and agricultural machinery through factory tours and ISEKI Dream Gallery*1
Awareness campaign through displays of agricultural machinery and holding workshops at food and agricultural events
Cultivation of rice with children in the community as part of voluntary activities
Awarded the Iseki Prize at the 79th Ehime Prefecture Children’s Exhibit of Invention and De- vices
As a global corporation, conducted remote lectures for high school students as part of
W W L* 2
Provided educational programs on smart agriculture for agricultural high schools and univer- sities
Accepted students for internships and hands-on experience
Donated tillers as prizes of excellence in the Fourth National Agricultural High School and University Website Contest
Held the 25th Sanae National Children’s Drawing Contest
Participation in a tree-planting activity Participated in the local traffic safety campaign
Cooperated in the First Rice Taste Appraisal Contest in China (delivered a lecture on recom- mendations for rice farming in China; participated as a Rice Taste Appraiser representing Japan)
Carried out cleaning and environmental beautification activities Held activity to turn off the lights at various offices
Provided support for the COVID-19 pandemic (see p. 23 for details)
*1. We are temporarily suspending the acceptance from the perspective of preventing the spread of COVID-19.
*2. WWL (Worldwide Learning): An educational program development promoted by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology aimed at nurturing innovative global human resources capable of demonstrating their abilities internationally.
        CSR procurement policy
ISEKI Group aims to be a company trusted by society by work- ing on CSR procurement together with its suppliers to give
its priority to environmentally- and socially-friendly material procurement and product and service provisions.
Promotion of CSR procurement
ISEKI Group has drafted the ISEKI Group CSR Procurement Guidelines which outline the Group’s CSR concept and procure- ment policy in order to jointly promote, with its suppliers, pro- curement activities that take social responsibility into account, as well as to seek their support and cooperation. ISEKI Group, along with disseminating the guidelines, carries out periodic surveys to grasp the status of CSR initiatives at suppliers.
Sanae National Children’s Drawing Contest
ISEKI Group holds a children’s drawing contest every year with the aim of helping children nationwide familiarize themselves with agriculture and provide education on coexistence with nature and environment. The Group has so far held the contest for 25 times and received a total of 30,500 entries.
Cooperation in the First Rice Taste Appraisal Contest in China
ISEKI participated as a jury member in the First Rice Taste Appraisal Contest held in Guangdong, China with the aim of improving the quality of Chinese rice by adopting the Japanese rice taste appraisal standard. We presented our riding rice transplanters PZ80 to the top three contestants who won the Japanese Gold Awards. We also delivered a lecture on recommendations for rice farming in China based on rice farming techniques and know-
      Promotion of green procurement
ISEKI Group has drafted the
ISEKI Group Green Supply
Guidelines to take the envi-
ronment into account in parts
and materials procurement, 76% and carries out activities to
82% 84%
2019 2020
Target value 85%
2021
how we have cultivated.
gain cooperation of suppliers. Regular reports regarding the status of initiatives at suppliers are obtained using a self-check sheet, and those suppliers superior in environmental activities are designated as Certified Green Suppliers.
49 ISEKI Report 2021
81%
2017 2018
 25th National Best Picture “Rice Transplanting by All Family Members”
Lecture delivered by ISEKI’s representative
ISEKI Report 2021 50