Initiatives that support value creationMasayuki Fukami
Director & Managing Corporate OfficerMessage
ISEKI Group will maximize its hu- man resource capability through the enhancement of engagement and human resource transforma- tion.Ratio of newly hired female employees Action plan (target for 2022)
Achieve 20% or more in the ratio of newly hired female employees and actively recruit women with engineering background.
Achieve 15% or more in the ratio of female employees in the superintendent class, who are manager candidates, to raise the ratio of women in management.
  Successful female employee
Misato Tokuyasu
Agri-Business Solution Department, ISEKI & CO., LTD.
As a person in charge of, among other things, cultivation demonstration of crops, including seedlings, and support for obtaining GAP certification, I am engaged in disseminating information and teaching at training sessions on cutting edge farm business technologies for customers and group companies. While I find the wide scope of my work rewarding, I also enjoy my private time by actively taking paid leave. I believe, to further empower women, what is important is to create a workplace where every and each employee can work with pride regardless of gender. I will continue to work hard so that I can assist farmers in their farm management and in-field sales activities.
 Rate of employees with disabilities
Human resource development and utilization
ESG
ISEKI Group will develop human resources who will play Rate of employees with disabilities leadership roles toward its 100th anniversary of foundation in Statutory employment rate
2025 and the next 100 years through scientific human resource management.
2.19% 2.2% 2.2% 2.0% 2.10% 2.12%
2.2%
1.92%
Diversity –utilization of diverse human resources
  ISEKI Group is working on the promotion of diversity as one of its management strategies by employing diverse human resources. To secure outstanding talent, the Group is also promoting mid-career recruitment of highly specialized hu- man resources, in addition to hiring new graduates. Further,
it supports career development of employees through proper treatment of highly motivated employees with various abilities and offering them opportunities to play active roles.
Ratio of newly hired female employees Target (20%)
Initiatives for promotion of active participation by women
ISEKI Group works on promotion of active participation by women as part of utilization of diverse human resources. In the action plan for development of workplace environment that facilitates greater participation by women, ISEKI aims to achieve the ratio of women among the hires to 20% or more. In addition, the Group continues its efforts toward increasing the ratio of female employees in the superintendent class, who are manager candidates.
The Group is also planning to put in place a system to further promote active participation by women and work to achieve this objective going forward.
38%
37%
 24%
20%
21% 16%
  ISEKI Group believes that what contributes to the solution of various issues is people and recognizes that the development and utilization of human resources are essential for the Group. To achieve the vision set out in the Mid-term Management Plan, the Group set “Enhance employee engagement” and “HR transformation” as key initiatives to be undertaken.
Employee engagement is indispensable for ISEKI Group to grow sustainably and increase its corporate value. To enhance employee engagement, the Group will strive to strengthen its bond with employees by working to create employee-friendly and attractive workplaces, enhance human resource develop- ment programs and further promote diversity in the workplac- es. We will also assess the status of employee engagement in a timely manner by conducting regular engagement surveys.
To transform human resources, the Group will press forward with the transformation of corporate culture by working harder than ever to shit its human resources to growing fields within
Basic Policy Fundamental concept
the Group and mobilize its human resources. Previously, the utilization of human resources took place primarily within each group company. However, to execute our business strategies, we will strive to optimize the allocation of human resources across the Group beyond the boundaries of companies going forward. Further, the Group will also direct its efforts toward the securement and development of human resources to exe- cute its business strategies, such as cutting edge technologies and global talent.
In order to drive forward with these initiatives, the Group has decided to introduce the talent management system to effec- tively assess and manage experience, competence and skills of employees.
Employment of people with disabilities
Irrespective of having or not having disabilities, ISEKI aims to create a workplace where different kinds of people can fulfill their potential. The ratio of employees with disabilities in FY2019 was lower than the statutory employment rate. We are determined to work towards creation of job opportunities for them.
Employment of foreign nationals
ISEKI Group works on continuous employment of foreign nationals, which is indispensable for its global business expansion. Employees from various nationalities are working in a wide range of fields including development, production, and sales.
Employment of senior citizens
ISEKI actively promotes participation by senior citizens. It has introduced a reemployment system for all employees as a rule who wish to continue working after their retirement age of 60 till 65 years old in anticipation that it would enable handing over of their experiences, skills, and knowledge.
The Group is also looking into securing employment opportunities for employees after age 65, which is required by the Amended Act on Stabilization of Employment of Elderly Persons.
Mid-career employment
In order for ISEKI Group to grow, it is necessary to have ideas and innovations generated by having expertise in various fields and diverse senses of value. To this end, the Group will strive to secure diverse human resources by promoting mid-career employment of highly specialized human resources from outside the Group.
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
 2.0%
 ISEKI Group promotes diversity as one of its management strategies by employing diverse human resources. It supports career develop- 1.92% ment of employees through proper treatment of highly motivated employees with various abilities and offering them opportunities to
play active roles to secure outstanding talents.
 Human resource development
ISEKI Group offers diverse human resource development programs ranging from training programs based on employ- ees’ skills and occupation, foreign language courses, trade skill tests, correspondence courses, training programs specialized in development, manufacturing, sales and services (see p. 10 for details), and opportunities to study abroad. It has also introduced
the Meister system for smoothly passing on accumulated skills and experience. Going forward, the Group will work to further enhance specialized human resources in line with its business strategies and develop human resources to expand its global talent pool.
Prohibition of discriminatory treatment and respect for human rights
2016
2017 2018 2019 2020
  51 ISEKI Report 2021
ISEKI Report 2021 52
Basic Policy
The policy set out in the ISEKI Group Code of Ethical Behavior
is to “respect basic human rights and not engage in any act of discrimination or harassment on the grounds of nationality, race, creed, gender and disabilities.”
The Group educates its employees, through training and other measures, to always respect human rights of others and always pay extra attention to their speech and behavior so as not to commit acts that ignore others’ human rights, such as harassment.
Corporate information Financial and non-financial data Initiatives that support value creation Value creation of ISEKI Group
 Initiatives that support value creation
Enhancement of employee engagement
Basic policy (fundamental concept)
ISEKI Group will work to enhance its engagement with employees in order to increase the retention of talented human resources and create employees who actively work for the company’s growth.
The Group will place its focus on delivering a secure and safe work environment, providing career support, and developing and utilizing diverse human resources. At the same time, it will conduct regular engagement survey to assess the status of employee engagement.
Corporate information Financial and non-financial data Initiatives that support value creation Value creation of ISEKI Group
Creation of employee-friendly workplaces
ISEKI Group is striving to create employee-friendly workplaces through various efforts.
To realize diverse work styles, the Group introduced the geographically confined employment system in 2020, in addition to implementing the flextime system, no overtime day and other such measures. The Group set up the Operational Efficiency Improvement Project headed by the Chairman of the company in 2018 to realize the work style reform, and is working to improve productivity and reduce working hours by improving operational efficiency. In response to the recent COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has actively been utilizing remote meetings more than ever, and adopting new work styles, including working from home and split ship at some offices. On this occasion, we will look into institutionalizing such ways of working taking into account their effectiveness.
The Group is also working on promoting enhancement of employees’ work-life balance so that they can spend fulfilling days not only at work but also in their private lives. As part of the effort, the Group is strengthening the systems for balanc- ing work and child rearing and promoting utilization of annual paid leaves through a planned leave system. In order to encour- age male employees to take child care leave, ISEKI attaches a document encouraging the employee to take child care leave when it gives congratulatory money upon child birth. In 2020, six male employees took child care leave.
Utilization of paid leaves
Along with promoting improvement in operational efficiency, ISEKI Group is encouraging employees to utilize annual paid leave. As a result, the number of days of paid leave taken by employees is increasing in recent years.
Voiceofamaleemployeewhotookchildcareleave
Keisuke Umemoto
Overseas Administrative Group, ISEKI & CO., LTD.
I am engaged in distribution to sales agents primarily in the Asian region at the Overseas Business Division.
I took child care leave upon the
birth of my child last year. I could feel the growth of my child through child rearing. After return to work, I have been uti- lizing the flextime system and other such systems to set aside time for child rearing and household chores, while increasing operational efficiency by horning my work-related knowledge on bookkeeping, accounting terminology and logistics exper- tise, so as to enhance work-life balance. I am also intending
to take my career to the next level, while taking on a personal challenge to acquire various qualifications, by making best use of my time so that I can present multifaceted proposals at work.
Spirit Inheritingourcompany’sfoundingphilosophy,
we always carefully consider food, agriculture and landscapeandmoveforwardwithfarmers.
Solution
Front runner
As a front-runner, we pro- duce innovative products and higher quality services.
Henkaku (Change) “Toward the next 100 years...”
Thorough management of occupational safety and health
Setting up “a healthy and safe workplace” as the code of conduct, ISEKI Group manages occupational safety and health in a group-wide effort. It carries out safety and health activities reflecting the actual situations of each company and office and implements safety checks at manufacturing subsidiaries to promote awareness-raising at the sites, thereby striving to reduce accident risks to achieve “zero industrial accidents.” The
Policies Concerning Safety
“Safety takes precedence over everything” —promoting initiatives to achieve “zero” industrial accidents—
Implementation of risk assessment based on risk-prediction activities
Identifying risks and hazards in operations, taking risk reduction measures and thereby preventing accidents from occurring.
Provision of safety education
Thoroughly entrenching awareness of safety once again through education provided at the safety training hall so as to build a framework that prevents any industrial accidents.
Group has established safety training hall as a place for experi- encing near-accidents and offers employees to have simulated experience of actual occupational accidents to improve safety awareness. Further, ISEKI Group also carries out safety audit at all workplaces and the entire Group works together to ensure occupational safety.
Statistics of industrial accidents: severity rate (%)
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 0.000 1.760 0.001 0.371 0.000
*Severity rate: Number of work days lost per 1,000 working hours *Scope: ISEKI & CO., LTD. and its three factories in Japan
With these seven promises, we will drive forward with our “Henkaku (Change)” toward our 100th anniversary of foundation in 2025 and the next 100 years.
53 ISEKI Report 2021
ISEKI Report 2021 54