Stakeholder engagement
Basic Policy Fundamental concept
  ● ISEKI Group strives to build strong relationships of trust with stakeholders by engaging in responsible dialogue with them including direct interaction by the company’s executives.
● In terms of information disclosure, we are committed to “disclose information properly to fulfill social accountability” and “promptly disclose accurate information required from inside or outside of the Group in recognition of the importance of social accountability and thereby endeavor to become a company with transparency.”
● To win fair evaluation from all our stakeholders, including shareholders, investors, customers, suppliers, local communities, and employees, and to ensure management transparency, we strive for fair, equitable, timely, and appropriate disclosure of management-related information keeping with the purpose and meaning of fair disclosure rules.
Major engagements with stakeholders
The opinions and requests received through the various dialogues are compiled by the respective departments in charge and reported to the company’s executives at the Public Relations Liaison Committee meetings held every month and are appropriately reflected in the business activities.

Concept behind the engagement
Opportunities for dialogue Customers
To provide high-quality and safe products and services that satisfy our customers, ISEKI Group will extend farm business proposals and support, including cultivation techniques, as well as support for the application and safe use of agricultural machinery. We will also strive to understand the true needs of customers through dialogue and use this dialogue to improve product development.
Direct dialogue with sales and maintenance staff User exchange meetings M
Visit M
Trainings, seminars
Exhibitions and demonstrations M
Proposal and support of farm business technologies Market research Shareholders and investors
We will bolster corporate governance in order to build long-term trusting relationships with our shareholders and investors. We will engage in constructive dialogue based on fair disclosure policy.
General shareholders’ meeting M
Quarterly briefing sessions M
Individual meetings M
Information meetings for individual investors and shareholders M Facility tours M Suppliers
We will cooperate with our suppliers to create opportunities for mutual improvement so that they can lead to mutual business development including fair and equitable trade towards building a sustainable supply chain.
IR information meetings for vendors M Dealer meetings M
Superior company tours M
Inspection and meeting with suppliers M Business report meeting M
Annual general meeting of Ishokai M Visits (Japan, overseas) M Employees
Local community
We will work on providing a secure and safe workplace, share company information and support for career development towards creating an employee- friendly workplace and nurturing human resources.
We will engage in environmental conservation, activities for community growth and development, and activities for the nurturing of the next generation so as to enable co-existence with the local communities.
Internal IR information meetings M Labor management council M Employee meetings M
Various training
Various commendation meets and contests M Former employees’ meeting M
Tours of factories and exhibition halls M
CSR activities such as cleaning activities
Exchange of views with local governments, etc. M Participation in local events M

Constructive dialogue with shareholders and investors
 Initiatives toward fulfilling dialogue
The dialogue with shareholders and investors is supervised by the officers in charge of the various business administration departments (Investor Relations Section, Corporate Planning Department, Financial Department, and General Affairs Department) and the President, said officers and business administration departments strive to actively engage in constructive dialogue utilizing various opportunities such as earnings briefings.
In order to improve the dialogue, the person in charge of IR collaborates with the department in charge of the specific theme and works on preparation of disclosure materials, sharing of information, etc. on a company-wide scale, in addition to collaborating and sharing information with the various departments at the Public Relations Liaison Committee held once every month. ISEKI Group has also set up pages dedicated to shareholders and investors on its website and provides disclosure information such as its management policy and performance in an easy-to-understand manner. The opinions, etc. obtained through the dialogue are fed back to the Directors, management executives, and related departments by way of reporting to meeting bodies, etc. for the purpose of information sharing.
Conducting shareholder- centered general shareholders’ meetings
ISEKI Group has built an environment where it is made easier for shareholders to attend general shareholders’ meetings and conducts the meeting in a shareholder-focused manner.
The convocation notice for the general shareholders’ meetings are sent by mail three weeks prior to the meeting date and the details are posted on the website before the convocation notices are sent. Moreover, in order to improve the convenience for voting, electronic exercise of voting rights over the Internet is made available in addition to voting by mail.
Further, the Group visualizes its business reports, posts topics, and introduces its initiatives with the aim of deepening the understanding of ISEKI as much as possible. In addition, by putting shareholders safety first during the spread of COVID-19, the 97th Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders was streamed via video.

Initiatives that support value creation  Q1
How do you evaluate the corporate governance of ISEKI?
Q1
How do you evaluate the corporate governance of ISEKI?
 Q2
What do you think of your role as the Chairperson of the Board of Directors?
 Q2
What do you think of your role as the Chairperson of the Nomination and Compensation Committee?
 Q3
What do you think are the key issues for our sustainable growth?
 Q3
What do you think are the key issues for our sustainable growth?Messages on Governance
ESG
I will take further steps in improving our corporate governance system toward sustainable and healthy growth.
Akio Kikuchi
Representative Director, Chairman & Executive Officer
To further improve standards of corporate governance, we have launched various initiatives based on our Corporate Governance Code. Regarding nomination and compensation of officers, we have enforced transparency and objectivity through the establishment of the Nomination and Compensation Committee chiefly comprising of Independent Outside Directors. In March this year, we also increased the number of Outside Directors to three to make the Board of Directors be filled with a keener sense of tension. We will further review the composition of the Board of Directors including the promotion of diversity.
With the belief that the role of the Chairperson is to lead discussion for effective and efficient operation of the Board of Directors, I have taken measures for well-balanced proceedings, such as allocating time for discussion of each proposal in advance, and prompting comments of participants as necessary. Also, I have worked on circulating a list which summarizes the content of discussion at the Directors’ Operation Committee meetings to participants of the Board of Directors meetings. This enables the discussion process at the execution side to be smoothly shared with the supervision side.
The new Mid-term Management Plan is a foothold for the next centennial, and the achievement of the plan by any means is the
issue toward our sustainable growth. I believe that transformation to a lean and streamlined business structure which can constantly
generate profit without being affected by the fluctuation in sales is most important. The attitude to candidly address any challenges is our strength, we could not fully manage changes in market environment and deliver results in the previous Mid-term Management Plan. We will once again promote Henkaku (Change) in the entire Group.
My role is to promote sustainable growth and improve corporate value over
the medium to long term.
Atsushi Iwasaki
Independent Outside Director
ISEKI has implemented evaluation by a third party organization on the efficiency of the Board of Directors, and I have the same view as the result of the evaluation which appreciates improvement initiatives such as discussion on the new Mid-term Management Plan. However, from the standpoint of an Outside Director, I recognize lots of areas for improvement regarding the operation of the Board of Directors and the way it should be. I will continue to express my opinion on these matters at the Board of Directors meetings and other occasions.
The Nomination and Compensation Committee was established in March 2020 as an independent consultative body chiefly comprising of Independent Outside Directors. In order to fulfil the responsibility required as a listed company in our Corporate Governance Code, I believe that the role of the Chairperson is to work on issues with a sense of speed, such as revision of Directors’ compensation system, formulation of succession planning, and promotion of active participation of female employees.
I believe that the most important issue for our sustainable
growth is to establish Henkaku (Change), the keyword of
the new Mid-term Management Plan in the organization.
The environment surrounding the company is drastically changing, and we cannot materialize sustainable growth without breaking through the conventional ways of thinking. Fundamental change in corporate culture is essential to celebrate the 100th anniversary in 2025 and lay the groundwork toward the next centennial.
   37 ISEKI Report 2021
ISEKI Report 2021 38
Corporate information Financial and non-financial data Initiatives that support value creation Value creation of ISEKI Group
 Initiatives that support value creation
Corporate governance
Basic Policy Fundamental concept
● Achieving stable growth and improvement in corporate value over the medium to long term is the top priority of our management. In order to maintain a positive relationship with our stakeholders such as shareholders; customers; suppliers; local communities; and employees, we endeavor to expand and improve our corporate governance.
Audit
Audit
Advice/Reporting
NominationandCompensationCommittee
5 members
(2 representative directors, 3 outside directors)
Audit
ESG
 ● ISEKI Group operates its management system with the purpose of swiftly and accurately responding to changes in management environment and maintaining fair management.
Toward the improvement of effectiveness of the Board of Directors
To further facilitate the roles of the Board of Directors, ISEKI has implemented a self-appraisal and analysis program for individual senior officers since 2017. The analysis was done through a third-party organization, using methods for canvassing personalized opinions such as individual questionnaires and individual interviews for all Directors and Corporate Auditors.
 ● We acknowledge the importance of establishing an internal control system that provides stakeholders with important information in a timely and appropriate manner and reinforcing corporate governance on a group-wide basis. Based on that recognition, we plan to establish administrative rules for group companies and a reporting structure to maintain fair business practices and share information.
[ Target audience ]
All Directors and Corporate Auditors
[ Methodology of Questionnaire ] Anonymous survey
[ Methodology of Interview ] Individual implementation to target audience by a third-party organization
[ Main items for appraisal ]
●Members and operation of Board of Directors meetings ●Support system for Directors and Corporate Auditors ●Training for Directors and Corporate Auditors ●Dialogue with shareholders
●Directors and Corporate Auditors’ own efforts
[ Efforts for analysis of results and solution of issues ] ●Analysis of the results of questionnaires and interviews
done through a third-party organization
●Debriefing sessions organized by a third-party organization ●Development and implementation of action plan for
identified issues toward solution
Initiatives toward solution
Review of criteria for submitting proposals to the Board of Directors meeting
Establishment of the Nomination Advisory Committee (currently the Nomination and Compensation Committee)
Establishment of following criteria
● Criteria for appointment of Directors
● Criteria for selection of Representative Directors
●Criteria for dismissal of Directors and those for removal of Representative Directors
Initiatives toward solution
Holding free discussion on selected themes after the Board of Directors meetings
Main themes selected for discussion
● Overall framework of the new Mid-term Management Plan
● Aggregate result of the opinions of young employees, and report of the analysis of training sessions for officers and executives
Initiatives toward solution
To be implement in FY2021
   Corporate governance system
 Appointment/Dismissal
Board of Directors
Directors
10 directors
(Incl. 3 outside directors) 5 corporate auditors
Appointment/Dismissal/Monitor
Appointment/Dismissal
Board of Auditors
Corporate Auditors
5 auditors (incl. 4 outside auditors)
IndependentPublicAccountingfirm
Audit
Appointment/Dismissal
General shareholders’ meeting
                    President
Directors’ Operation Committee (Directors & appointed Corporate Officers, General Managers)
Management Supervisory Committee
Internal Audit Department
Internal Audit
Issues
Narrowing down agenda items of the Board of Directors meetings
The way nomination of Corporate Officers through the Nomination Advisory Committee should be
Issues
Devising ways to have more strategic discussions at Board of Directors meetings
Improvement of objectivity and transparency of the Directors’ compensation system and process
Issues
Following through the progress of Management Plan
Formulation and operation of succession planning of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), etc.
      Corporate Officers
Associated companies, divisions & sections
Establishment of Nomination and Compensation Committee
ISEKI has established the Nomination and Compensation Committee comprised of two Representative Directors and three Independent Outside Directors as a consultative body of the Board of Directors regarding compensation of Directors and Corporate Officers, in addition to nominations such as proposals of agenda items of general shareholders’ meetings regarding appointment and dismissal of Directors; selection and removal of Corporate Officers; and appointment and dismissal of Representative Directors.
The Committee was held four times in the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2021. It has mainly discussed the items shown on the right and submitted recommendations to the Board of Directors.
Nomination and Compensation Committee
FY2018
  ● Criteria for appointment of Directors
● Criteria for selection of Representative Directors
● Criteria for dismissal of Directors and those for removal of
Representative Directors
● Criteria for judgement of independence of Outside
Directors
● Policy for determining the individual compensation etc. of
Directors
● Nomination of candidates for Directors and selection of
Representative Directors
FY2019
FY2020
        Established
Members
Chairperson Roles
December 1, 2018 (the Nomination Advisory Committee was reorganized into the Nomination and Compensation Committee as of March 25, 2020)
Two Representative Directors, two Independent Outside Directors, one Independent Outside Corporate Auditor
Independent Outside Director
(1) Appointment and dismissal of Directors (general shareholders' meeting proposal)
(2) Appointment and dismissal of Corporate Officers
(3) Selection and removal of Representative Directors
(4) Representative Director successor plan
(5) Amount of compensation for Directors and Corporate Officers
(6) Composition and decision process of compensation for Directors and Corporate Officers
(7) Establishment and change of basic policy and criteria for deliberation of the above.
(8) Other matters recognized by the Board of Directors as necessary in association with each of the above items.
 Overview of evaluation Initiatives toward improvement of effectiveness
             (Business execution system)
Corporate information Financial and non-financial data Initiatives that support value creation Value creation of ISEKI Group
(Cooperation)
       39 ISEKI Report 2021
ISEKI Report 2021 40

 Initiatives that support value creation
 Directors
                  Akio Kikuchi
Representative Director, Chairman & Executive Officer
●Reason for appointment
Having served as General Division Manager of the Business Division and President at the sales company of domestic agricultural machinery, he has extensive experience
and achievements in domestic sales and business management, and currently operates the meetings of the Board of Directors as a forum for constructive discussions and exchange of opinions as chairman of the Board. The Company appointed him as a Director as it expects him
to continue to contribute to business promotion and the enhancement of corporate governance.
Shiro Tomiyasu
Representative Director, President & Executive Officer
In charge of Corporate Planning Department, Investor Relations Section, Financial Department
●Reason for appointment
With advanced knowledge in the areas of management planning and accounting and finance, he has demonstrated great leadership from a company-wide perspective as President
& Executive Officer. The Company appointed
him as a Director as it expects him to continue to contribute to the enhancement of corporate value.
Yukio Nawata
Director & Managing Corporate Officer General Division Manager, Business Division, In charge of Business Division,
Dream Agricultural Research Institute, and Tsukubamirai Office
●Reason for appointment
Having been responsible for sales planning of domestic agricultural machinery and serving
as President at major sales companies, he has extensive experience and achievements as General Division Manager of the Business Division. The Company appointed him as a Director as it expects him to make further contributions.
Hajime Odagiri
Director & Managing Corporate Officer
General Division Manager, Development & Production Division
In charge of Cost Control Department and Purchasing Department deputy in charge of Matsuyama General Affairs Department
●Reason for appointment
Having been involved in the engineering and development fields of agricultural machinery for many years and having served as President of domestic sales company and Chairman & President of Chinese joint venture companies, he has extensive experience and achievements related to agricultural machinery in Japan and overseas. The Company appointed him as
a Director as it expects him to make further contributions.
Shuichi Jinno
Director & Corporate Officer
In charge of IT Planning Department, deputy
in charge of Financial Department (Leader of operational efficiency improvement project)
●Reason for appointment
Having served as General Manager of divisions relating to information systems, investor relations, and personnel affairs, he has extensive experience and achievements in management areas. The Company appointed him as a Director as it expects him to make further contributions.
 Director     Corporate Auditors
                  Kazuya Tani
Director & Corporate Officer
General Division Manager, Overseas Business Division
●Reason for appointment Having served as officers and President of
sales companies in Europe, he has extensive experience and achievements in sales, business management, and personnel management related to overseas business. The Company appointed him as a Director as it expects him to make further contributions.
Outside Independent
Atsushi Iwasaki
Director
[Significant concurrent positions] Certified public accountant, Outside Director, NH Foods Ltd., and Outside Director, OLYMPUS CORPORATION
●Reason for appointment With extensive experience and knowledge
as a certified public accountant, he has been monitoring the Company’s management from an objective viewpoint to enhance the supervisory functions and ensure transparency of the Board of Directors. The Company appointed him as an Outside Director as it expects him to continue to supervise the Company’s management for the sustainable enhancement of corporate value.
Outside Independent
Shoji Tanaka
Director
[Significant concurrent positions] Attorney
●Reason for appointment
With extensive experience and knowledge as an
attorney, he has been monitoring the Company’s management from an objective viewpoint to enhance the supervisory functions and ensure transparency of the Board of Directors. The Company appointed him as an Outside Director as it expects him to continue to supervise the Company’s management for the sustainable enhancement of corporate value.
Newappointment Outside Independent
Kazuo Nakayama
Director
[Significant concurrent positions] -
●Reason for appointment
Having been in charge of overseas business
and the food resources business unit as well
as achievements in business management at a general trading firm, he has extensive knowledge and experience related to food resources and agriculture in Japan and overseas. The Company appointed him as an Outside Director as it expects him to utilize his wealth of knowledge to monitor from an objective viewpoint, and supervise the Company’s management for the sustainable enhancement of corporate value.
Outside
Seigo Kimoto Full-time Corporate Auditor
●Reason for appointment
He is well versed in the Company’s businesses, having served as Outside Corporate Auditor
of the Company for 7 years and 9 months.
In addition, he has advanced knowledge and extensive experience in the area of financing. The Company appointed him as an Outside Corporate Auditor as it believes that he will appropriately audit the performance of duties by Directors.
Masato Machida Full-time Corporate Auditor
●Reason for appointment
He has advanced knowledge, having experienced in various fields of corporate planning, information systems, development and manufacturing. The Company appointed him as a Corporate Auditor as it believes that he will appropriately audit the performance of duties by Directors.
 Corporate Auditors
Masayuki Fukami
Director & Managing Corporate Officer
In charge of Personnel Department, deputy in
charge of Corporate Planning Department, Investor Relations Section, and Compliance
●Reason for appointment
Having served as Director and President at major domestic sales companies, he has extensive experience and achievements in domestic sales, business management, and personnel management. The Company appointed him as a Director as it expects him to make further contributions.
      Outside
Yasuhide Motokawa Full-time Corporate Auditor
●Reason for appointment
The Company appointed him as an Outside Corporate Auditor as it believes that he will appropriately audit the performance of duties by Directors as he has extensive knowledge and experience in the finance area.
Newappointment Outside
Yukito Shiraishi Full-time Corporate Auditor
●Reason for appointment
He has advanced knowledge and extensive experience in the areas of agriculture, forestry and fisheries in general as well as in the areas of audit and internal control. The Company appointed him as an Outside Corporate Auditor as it believes that he will appropriately audit the performance of duties by Directors.
Outside Independent
Mami Taira
Corporate Auditor
[Significant concurrent positions] Certified public accountant, Certified tax accountant, and Outside Director & Audit and Supervisory Committee Member, Suzuden Corporation, External Director and Audit & Supervisory Committee Member, FOOD & LIFE COMPANIES LTD.
●Reason for appointment
She has specialized knowledge and extensive experience related to accounting and tax practices as a certified public accountant
and certified tax accountant. The Company appointed her as an Outside Corporate Auditor as it believes that she will appropriately audit the performance of duties by Directors.
 Toward Henkaku (Change)
I have been in charge of the machine and food businesses at a trading firm, and been in charge of the various businesses including the domestic agricultural business at a leasing company. I will make every possible effort to realize Henkaku (Change), our key vision, together, by utilizing my experience and knowledge of various businesses.
Kazuo Nakayama, Director
List of officers
ESG
●Message from the newly appointed Outside Director
(As of the end of the general shareholders’ meeting held on March 30, 2021)
  41 ISEKI Report 2021
ISEKI Report 2021 42
Corporate information Financial and non-financial data Initiatives that support value creation Value creation of ISEKI Group

 Initiatives that support value creation
    Risk items
Content of typical risks
● Sluggishness of domestic and/or overseas economic conditions, in addition to characteristic structure of agricultural machinery market, such as aging of agricultural workforce; a decreasing number of farm households due
to labor shortage; any change in agricultural policy; and influence of price volatility of agricultural products which are easily affected by weather conditions on purchasing sentiment of farmers, may harm our financial performance through reduced demand for agricultural machinery.
● Impairment loss, loss on valuation or loss on sale associated with significant decline in stock and land price may adversely affect the business performance and financial position.
Major risk mitigation measures
● Build sales network and formulate strategies while anticipating changes in market trends
   ● As we procure raw materials and parts from numerous suppliers, situations such as sudden and unexpected increase in prices or a prolonged tightening of supplies may harm our business performance.
● Pay in Japanese yen to settle a half of the export transactions and in foreign currencies to settle another half, or buying forward contracts
  ● Increase the ratio of local procurement in overseas production
● Procure raw materials and parts from multiple suppliers
    ● Competition with other companies associated with “social implementation of smart agriculture” and incompliance with the changes in business environment associated with numerous needs and hike in environmental awareness in overseas markets may harm our performance.
● Sustain sound partnership with customers and suppliers
  ● Procure raw materials and parts from multiple suppliers
● Develop products with high functionality and
in compliance with smart agriculture, and reduce price following the decreased demand for agricultural materials
    ● Serious defects in products and services, or erosion of trust for ISEKI Group and its products may harm its financial performance.
● Strengthen product competitiveness including after-sales service.
● Establish the system of quality control and quality guarantee
   ● Implement product development, manufacturing, and after-sales service in compliance with defined internal processes
● Carry product liability insurance
● Reassess the significance of cross-holding of shares to consider selling those shares whose significance is reduced.
     ● Decline in profitability associated with significant deterioration of business environment, or impairment loss caused by market price decline may adversely affect the business performance and financial position of ISEKI Group.
● Cost burdens in case of escalated public regulations of environmental issues or market demand as well as corrective measures undertaken upon the occurrence of troubles, lawsuits and others may deteriorate the financial performance.
● Reduce environmental burden in production activities and entire business activities
     ● Change in supply and demand affected by the reduction in agricultural land and change in system of crops associated with the global temperature increase in the long term may deteriorate the financial performance.
● When ISEKI Group engages in international business activities, unexpected changes in tax and legal systems, trade policies, or political unrest in any particular country may harm its financial performance.
● Take appropriate measures in entire business activities including the product lineup, sales volume and others of ISEKI Group.
● Strengthen research capabilities and the system of information gathering
   ● Difficulties in securing human resources, immature level of technologies and unstable labor-management relationships may primarily hinder the business development of ISEKI Group mainly in the Asian region.
 ● Natural disasters such as earthquakes, typhoons, floods, unexpected accidents, or infectious diseases at major sites at home and abroad may harm the financial performance of ISEKI Group.
● A conflict of interest to occur between the parties concerned in business alliances or joint ventures due to financial position or other reasons may hinder the maintenance of the alliances.
● With regard to strategic investment including acquisitions, the expected results and/or effects may not be obtained in the integration of business; technologies; products and human resources, or more-than-expected time and expenses may be required.
● Establish the ISEKI Group Code of Ethical Behavior based on legal compliance and ethics
 ● Prepare an internal control system
● Ensure legal compliance and the code of ethical behavior in the entire ISEKI Group
● Carry various insurance against fire, wind and flood damage
    ● Establish and implement business continuity plans
● Restrict business travels and review working styles to stop the spread of novel coronavirus infections
● Continuously implement various measures utilizing the Web
● Foster mutual trust and ensure mutual benefits ● Review contract conditions from a comprehensive
viewpoint
   ● Combine with various loan conditions such as fixed interest rates
  ● Sustain sound partnership with financial institutions
  Risk management system diagram
     Report
  Risks caused by external factors Risks caused by internal factors
 4 12
 1237 8 9 11 13
  6
 1 8 11
 3569 10 13
  Risk management
Basic Policy Fundamental concept
● ISEKI Group is committed to putting in place management standards; regulations and monitoring; and response mechanisms to pre-empt risks facing group operations and to minimize losses when a risk event materializes.
● Our risk management regulations define factors potentially leading to physical, economic and reputational losses and disadvantages as risks. The aim of our risk management is to prevent risks from materializing and minimize losses, and to contribute to smooth business operations, soundness of assets and maintenance of corporate credit.
Risk management system
The Risk Management Control Committee under the Directors’ Operation Committee periodically identifies and evaluates risks, reevaluates magnitude of damage and frequency of occurrence, and examines countermeasures, in accordance with the risk management regulations to minimize the risk of causing damage or disadvantage to ISEKI Group under the supervision of Corporate Planning Department.
ESG
Typical risks and mitigation measures
Latent risks and uncertainties which could affect ISEKI Group’s future financial performance are exemplified as below. We recognize the possibility of the occurrence of such risks and uncertainties, and will strive to avoid their occurrence and take proper measures should they occur.
        Supervision
Information sharing, discussion of countermeasures
Identification of risks, evaluation of responses to risks
Changes in economic 1 conditions and the
environment of agriculture
2 Exchange rate fluctuations
A price hike of raw
materials, difficulty 3 in procurement, and
confusion in the supply chain
4 Dependency on specific customers or suppliers
5 Competition with other companies
6 Serous defects in products and services
Stock market fluctuation, 7 Price decline in land and
other fixed assets
Government regulations
on environmental issues, 8 etc., and occurrence
of related difficulties, Response to climate change
9 Risks derived from international business
10 Risk of legal violation
Risk of natural disasters, 11 unexpectedaccidents,
spread of infectious disease, etc.
Business alliances, joint 12 venturesandstrategic investment with other
companies 13 Debt
● Appreciation of Japanese yen may decrease our price competitiveness.
● Preparation of consolidated financial statements based on financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries which are prepared in local currencies and then converted
to Japanese yen may expose us to a fluctuation risk of foreign exchange.
● Any change of business policy, business depression or bankruptcy of our specific customers or suppliers may harm our financial performance.
        Risk Mapping
  ISEKI manages risks by dividing by cause, either external factors or internal factors, and then classifying by the magnitude of damage when risks become obvious and the potential frequency of occurrence. Note that the risk mapping chart indicates the maximum risks.
 Large
Damage
Small
Low
Large
Damage
Small
● If any of executives or employees of ISEKI Group should conduct any acts that violate laws and regulations, its business activities may be impeded and the financial performance may deteriorate.
     Frequency High
Low
Frequency
High
● Should any of covenants of outstanding syndicated loan and commitment line contracts with financial institutions be triggered, ISEKI Group could face obligation to pay back some or all of these loans early, which could adversely impact its financial position.
● A hike in interest rate may harm the financial performance.
 43 ISEKI Report 2021
ISEKI Report 2021 44
Corporate information
Financial and non-financial data
Initiatives that support value creation
Value creation of ISEKI Group
Board of Directors
Directors' Operation Committee
Risk Management Control Committee Secretariat (Corporate Planning Department)
Divisions & sections

Initiatives that support value creationCompliance training for newly-hired employees
Harassment training and establishment of consultation systemSystem for promoting compliance (Compliance team)
Number of whistle-blowing cases
 Compliance Director in charge and deputy director in charge
 Management Supervisory Committee
  Internal Audit Department
   Secretariat (Personnel Department)
     Business Division
Sales Planning & Administrative Department
Business Division Agri-plant Department
Development & Production Division Administrative Department
Overseas Business Division Corporate Business Control Department
Other
Personnel Department and other departments
   Sales companies
Manufacturing bases
Overseas offices, sales companies
Compliance
Basic Policy Fundamental concept
In order to raise compliance-focused management to a higher level, ISEKI Group works to make the importance of compliance thor- oughly understood and enforced by each and every employee with the aim of raising compliance awareness.
ESG
   Compliance system
To prevent misconduct and scandals from occurring by ensuring thorough compliance and raising awareness among each of the Group members, the Group has built a compliance team struc- ture organized cross-functionally under the leadership of the Director in charge of compliance. The Personnel Department handles overall management of compliance activities across
the whole ISEKI Group, and the supervising unit of individual departments handles overall management of compliance edu- cation and awareness activities at the departments.
The progress is reported to all Directors and Corporate
Auditors at the Management Supervisory Committee meetings held every month. Internal Audit Department audits the state of compliance and reports the results to the Management Supervisory Committee for discussion. Any material incident occurred or discovered is reported to the Management Super- visory Committee and Corporate Auditors without delay. To im- prove the independence of internal audits, the Internal Control & Audit Department was reorganized into the Internal Audit Department in September 2020, and the Internal Audit Depart- ment performs internal audits thereafter.
Examples of initiatives undertaken
ISEKI Group is implementing various group-wide education and awareness-raising activities to ensure compliance.
ISEKI Group provides compliance training to all newly-hired employees across the Group every year. Although some training sessions were provided on a remote basis due to the impact of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) in 2020, we are working on awareness-building among employees that compliance means not only compliance with laws and regulations but also behaving in compliance with ISEKI Group’s management philosophy.
In response to the enforcement of the so-called Anti-Power Harassment Law in June 2020, we provided harassment training to all officers and managers across ISEKI Group in June the same year. The Group has also set up a harassment help desk at each group company to put in place a system to provide consultation across the Group.
(cases)
5
2016 2017
0
 Establishment of whistle-blower system (Ethical Hotline)
ISEKI Group has set up a group-wide whistle-blower system (Ethical Hotline) for the use of all employees, retirees and suppliers. The aim is to establish an open corporate culture and enable pre-emptive detection of problems within the company. In the system, telephones, e-mail, and other communication methods may be used for report or consultation in the event of detection of conduct in violation of laws and regulations, the company’s Code of Ethical Behavior or the company regulations on employment, or other rules. To protect the human rights of whistle-blowers and keep them anonymous, as well as to make the system readily accessible, the Group has set up contact desks both internally and outside the company.
In FY2020, the system handled six cases of consultation and whistle-blower reports.
Initiatives for fair trade
ISEKI Group formulated the “Code of Ethical Behavior” as a basic policy to prevent any form of corruption, such as bribery, and is ensuring group-wide compliance with the code. In light of experience of receiving a cease and desist order under the Anti-Monopoly Act in relation to facility construction, the Group formulated conduct guidelines and compliance manual focused on the Anti-Monopoly Act in 2015 to inculcate the awareness of compliance across the Group. In addition to the conventional whistle-blower system, we have set up a help desk for consultation on the Anti-Monopoly Act to enhance the prevention of legal violation.
Initiatives undertaken by overseas group companies
With the expansion and diversification of its overseas business, ISEKI Group has been working to build and improve compliance systems at overseas group companies. Further, we will strive to strengthen internal controls of overseas group companies.
17
88
 6
2018 2019 2020
     Education and awareness-raising
To raise awareness of each individual employee, ISEKI Group is implementing various training programs and awareness-raising activities for employees in a planned way.
Activities for enlightenment
<Activities for penetration and education on compliance>
Ensuring of thorough understanding of the “ISEKI Group Code of Ethical Behavior”
The company has distributed the “ISEKI Group Code of Ethical Behavior” to all employees of the Group and works to ensure a thorough understanding of this pamphlet, so as to ensure that business activities meet corporate ethical requirements.
Awareness-raising by issuing “Compliance News”
As a means to provide information regarding compliance, the company issues the quarterly “Compliance News” bulletin to raise compliance awareness among employees. With a focus on priority compliance initiatives, it contains information such as messages from the management team and examples of practi- cal measures undertaken by employees.
<Training activities>
The company carries out a wide range of education and training programs concerning compliance themes in the day-to-day conduct of business affairs, especially on points warranting special attention.
Incorporation into company-wide events and educational training programs
• Sales subsidiary president meetings • manager meetings
• executive training
• newly-appointed manager training • newly-hired employee training
Individual training programs
• Sales subsidiary employee meetings of sales departments
• facility personnel training of facility departments
• specialized employee training of development departments
The Personal Information Handling Regulations is formulated and internal systems concerning the management of personal information are maintained. ISEKI Group works to appropriately protect personal information by carrying out activities for even further awareness and education on such protection for employees. Further, we will work to strengthen protection of personal information both in Japan and abroad.
Information security
ISEKI Group has striven for the maintenance and management of information security by establishing regulations for the handling of electronic information and setting up the “Electronic Information Security Management Committee” led by an officer in charge of the information system division. The Group has also worked to improve information literacy among employees by providing training for the handling of internal information as part of education for newly-hired employees.
Initiatives for protecting personal information
 45 ISEKI Report 2021
ISEKI Report 2021 46