 Manufacturing
- Solve Social Issues Through Our Business -
Recently, SDGs and other initiatives aimed at the realization of a sustainable society are becoming widespread around the world. In addition, there are increasing needs for preparedness and resilience in order to protect and support safety and security in people’s lives, due to the impact of natural disasters caused by climate change and infectious diseases such as COVID-19. There is a wide range of areas where our manufacturing can contribute to building a sustainable and resilient society. The Group’s products, including shutters, doors, and partitions, are designed to prevent, protect, and separate. We will strive to solve social issues through our technology and quality while sustainably improving our corporate value.
    ESG Materiality
Implemented Measures
Targets and IssuesMitigate/adapt to climate change, prevent disaster loss through products and services
Development, improvement, and launch of products that contribute to climate change responses and disaster prevention (Four products in the Taifu (wind-resistant) series were released during fiscal 2020.)Establishment and disclosure of sales targets (KPIs) for products that contribute to climate- change responses and disaster preventionQuality assurance and enhancementContinuous improvement of quality control structure and measures
Implementation of customer satisfaction surveysElimination of product accidents and customer complaintsEnsuring and improving quality
The Group works to improve quality and safety, the primary responsibilities of a manufacturer, in all processes from development to sales, production, installation and maintenance. We recognize it is essential to ensure the quality of installation and maintenance, in addition to the quality of the products themselves, in order to ensure that each customer and user can continue to use our access systems, such as shutters and doors, with peace of mind. We will continue with our efforts to improve quality by conducting quality audits and improvement activities, strengthening our management structure and enhancing our skill levels.
The Group, which has a diverse range of global products, lacks uniformity in terms of the characteristics of its business and the products it handles. Therefore, we use product accident numbers, complaint numbers and the amount of related losses as quality indicators in Japan, and the ratio of complaint cost to net sales as quality indicators overseas. Based on these indicators, we strive to make improvements by promoting specific measures such as IT-based quality control, cross- divisional quality meetings, and education and training programs.
In fiscal 2020, we also conducted a customer satisfaction survey among users of our repair request receiving service. We will utilize the results of this survey to improve the quality of our services, including repair services, and further enhance customer satisfaction.
The Sanwa Group’s Quality Objectives
 1. Improve product safety
2. Improve the quality of products and installation quality
3. Improve the quality of services and business etiquette
4. Increase traceability
 Customers who chose “very good, good, or somewhat good” for the overall service evaluation in the repair service customer satisfaction survey
89.3%
Research period: January - December 2020
Survey target: Users of Sanwa Shutter Corporation repair service (n=1180)
 36 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2021