 People
- Create a Pleasant and Rewarding Work Environment -
To ensure that our products function properly as access systems, numerous resources are required, including our stakeholders such as partner companies and installers, from development and production to installation and maintenance. People are our source of competitiveness and our most important management resource, as the Company’s growth and innovation are based on the combination of customer needs, diverse knowledge and know-how, and values accumulated by each employee. Through efforts to respect human rights and diversity, ensure health and safety, and develop human resources, we will pursue worker-friendliness and fulfillment in work for people involved with the Group, thereby continuously improving corporate value through maximizing the power of people and the organization.
    ESG Materiality
Implemented Measures
Targets and Issues
Respect for human rightsRevision of the Sanwa Group Compliance Code of ConductImplementation of human-rights due diligenceHuman resources development
Implementation of sales skill improvement training (100% of standards achieved)
Strengthening of training for installersPromotion of diversityReview of working conditions for senior employeesIncreasing the ratio of female managersHealth and safetySystematic education at manufacturing and installation sitesEradication of occupational accidentsSocial initiatives
https://www.sanwa-hldgs.co.jp/english/csr/effort/social/
 Respect for human rights
Number of human-rights violation cases
in fiscal 2020
0
(consolidated basis, including global)
The Group stands firmly for the respect of human dignity, and recognizes the diverse worth in individuals. We respect individual character and personality, and conduct business bearing in mind the human rights of our customers, shareholders, employees and all stakeholders. We go beyond the requirements of the law in avoiding discrimination. In addition, we do not permit child labor or forced labor. The Sanwa Group Compliance Code of Conduct clearly states that we will encourage suppliers and distributors not to infringe on human rights and to work together to promote respect for human rights. We are working to prevent human rights violations by identifying negative impacts of new businesses on human rights, and conducting regular audits in existing businesses.
Promotion of diversity
Percentage of female managers in fiscal 2020
11.2%
(consolidated basis, including global)
The Group believes that it can create new value that contributes to the resolution of customer and social issues by nurturing an organizational culture that respects and embraces the diversity of each employee. We promote the utilization of diverse human resources, including women, global employees, and senior workers, who can flexibly adapt to the ever-changing times and become the growth drivers of the Group, both in terms of tangible aspects such as frameworks and systems, and intangible aspects such as the nurturing of working environments and organizational culture, in order to maximize the power of our organization.
In addition, with an eye on post-COVID-19 society, we are striving to improve productivity and secure talented employees by developing a diverse working environment, including the use of mobile PCs and expansion of telework.
  42 SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION INTEGRATED REPORT 2021
A History of Value CreationStrategies for Securing Competitive AdvantageESG Materiality InitiativesFinancial Section and Corporate DataManufacturingEnvironmentPeopleManagement Foundation of the GroupHuman resources development
Health and safety
Annual training hours per person in fiscal 2020
Total number of participants in occupational safety and health training in fiscal 2020
24.23 hours
652
(Sanwa Shutter Corporation)
The Group views human resources as its most important management resource and focuses on the development of human resources capable of creating value by enhancing systems and a work environment that enable each and every employee to maximize their capabilities.
Through efficiency improvements in line with the promotion of digitalization including automated processing of routine tasks, NF Germany aims to maximize the utilization of human resources by transferring resources previously spent on routine tasks to high value-added tasks, such as the development of a training system that will lead to increased corporate value.
In addition, the smartphone application Novo Docu introduced in 2019 covers about 3,000 pieces of information, including catalogs, installation manuals, videos, CAD screens, and product reference prices for all products handled by NF Germany. The application allows employees and installers to smoothly access the information they want, regardless of time or location, and assists them in acquiring knowledge and improving work efficiency.
Sanwa Shutter Corporation is making efforts to pass on the skills of experienced senior workers by having them accompany younger employees on installation and repair visits. Sanwa Shutter is also working to quickly develop its in-house technical staff, whose recruitment began in 2013.
In addition, as part of our global competence development efforts, we are systematically developing human resources who can play active roles on a global scale through our overseas trainee system and the dispatch of employees to overseas Group companies.
CLOSE-UP
(Sanwa Shutter Corporation)
As a company engaged in manufacturing, the Group recognizes that ensuring the health and safety of all people involved in our business activities, including employees, affiliated companies’ employees, and installers is fundamental to our sustainability and our responsibility as a Company.
In order to provide safe, secure, and convenient products and services to customers throughout the world, we believe it is important that our employees and their families are able to lead healthy as well as fulfilling lives, both in their private and working lives.
In order to achieve the priority target of “eliminating all serious injuries and fatalities” and to eradicate occupational accidents, the Group is striving to provide safety education and ensure adherence to rules in line with the annual health and safety action plan, share incidents that nearly become accidents, and improve the work environment to reduce workloads.
At ODC, safety meetings are held monthly to be attended by safety personnel from each plant, where indicators such as the number of occupational accidents are shared and active
discussions are held
on the causes and
countermeasures for
accidents that have
occurred.
ODC safety meeting
After painting
      Shanghai Baosteel-Sanwa Door in Asia and Novoferm Shanghai have acquired the ISO 45001 certification, an occupational safety and health management system, and are striving to create a comfortable work environment and improve the level of occupational safety and health. Novoferm Shanghai holds monthly safe production meetings to discuss such matters as including safe forklift driving, safe welding operations, and traffic safety education. In fiscal 2020, the factory floor was repainted in bright colors to improve work efficiency and safety.
Before painting
ASIA
  SANWA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 43