           Integrated Report 2021 for the Year Ended December 2020
         
  Corporate Mission
Tamron creates emotion and reassurance through its mastery of light, contributing to the realization of a fulfilling society.
Corporate Vision
Carving out the future with light
We pursue optical technologies, aiming for a fulfilling society that offers joy, emotion and reassurance. We expand the possibilities of light by addressing many of
society's issues for the future providing value around the world.
   Management Philosophy
Long-Term Vision
Our vision
A company that is respected and needed by society
・Good Company
・Improving the Tamron brand
・A company with work fulfillment
Sincerity Challenge Creativity
Our Approach
We genuinely approach all situations fairly and equitably through careful examination of the actual location, subject and circumstances.
We are open-minded, unconstrained by conventional wisdom, and embrace infinite possibilities.
We create value, addressing many of society's issues through teamwork.
  Corporate Mission
Corporate Vision
Our Approach
Tamron's mission that it seeks to achieve in society
Tamron's approach to achieving its mission
The approach that employees should emphasize to achieve the mission
Modes of action that the company and its employees should practice
       Standards of Business Conduct
   Brand slogan / Statement
Tamron is focused on the future.
We are committed as an optical specialist
to create new value and direction in optics with our long-accumulated optical technologies and address many social issues in the future. Tamron delivers emotion and reassurance around the world toward a more fulfilling society. We will never stop rising to new challenges.
 Contents
Introduction
03 Message from the President & CEO 07 The Value Creation Process
09 Tamron’s Value Creation Story
Management Strategy
11 Business Development
13 Risks and Opportunities
15 Materiality
17 Mid-term Management Plan
(Review of the Previous Plan and Introduction of New Mid-term Management Plan)
01 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Editorial Policy
Tamron publishes an integrated report as an important tool for communicating with shareholders, investors and other stakeholders. The report contains information on management strategies, finances, human resources and the environment strategies as a way to share details of Tamron’s sustainability and growth potential. In compiling this report, we have referenced the Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation from the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, and the International Integrated Reporting Framework from the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC).
This report covers the period from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020
(including some information that falls outside the above period)
The report concerns the 10 companies of the Tamron Group
(including Tamron Co., Ltd.)
* Please refrain from reproducing the images or other information contained in this report without permission.
Tamron’s Information Framework
* The photo is for illustrative purposes only.
      Individual Strategies
19 Financial Strategy
21 Tamron’s Proprietary Cutting-Edge
Technologies of Optics
22 Tamron Products Creating Emotion and Reassurance
23 Strategies by Segment
23 Photographic Products
25 Surveillance / FA
27 Mobility & Healthcare Products, Others
31 Sustainability
33 Environmental Strategy
35 Human Resource Development
Corporate Governance
37 Management Structure 39 Corporate Governance
Data
41 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights 41 Financial Highlights
43 Non-Financial Highlights
44 External Recognition
45 Company Profile / Shareholder Information 46 Group Network
Financial Information
Reference website: https://www.tamron.com/ir/
 Securities Report (PDF)
 Financial Statements (PDF)
IR Information (Web)
Integrated Report (PDF)
Non-financial Information
Reference website: https://www.tamron.com/csr/
  Corporate Governance Report (PDF)
 ESG Databook (PDF)
  CSR Information (Web)
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 02
         
      Message from the President & CEO
Introduction Management Strategy
Our Vision for the Tamron Group (Long-Term Vision)
In order to make dramatic progress over the next decade and towards becoming a hundred-year company, we have formulated the Tamron Group’s long-term vision as a company respected and needed by society.
 By solving social issues through our business activities, we will achieve the following three goals.
 The first is to become a good company that focuses on profits. A company that expands without making a profit cannot survive. By generating profit instead of blindly pursuing expansion, we will reward our stakeholders and contribute to society.
 The second goal is enhancing our brand power. We think that a brand represents trust. It is because there is trust in the Tamron brand that we receive orders from various customers in addition to selling our own products. That is why creating a large number of own-brand products, including new businesses, and raising their percentage will provide the strong foundation for Tamron to survive. Given this, our first target will be to raise the percentage of own-brand products from the current 40%+ to somewhere over 50%.
 The third goal is becoming a fulfilling place to work. To achieve a fulfilling society, it will be essential for employees to be empowered more than ever before. To accomplish this, we will develop a workplace environment that balances job fulfillment and ease of work. We aim to become a company whose employees lead healthy and fulfilling lives and are able to maximize their performance.
Mid-Term Management Plan
Review of the Previous Mid-Term Management Plan (2018 to 2020)
In 2018 the Tamron Group started its mid-term management plan, whose last year was fiscal 2020, by declaring the goals of 72 billion yen in net sales, 6.6 billion yen in operating income and an ROE of at least 9%. As a result of achieving higher-than-expected profitability in our core businesses, we managed to reach our target for ROE and income a year ahead of schedule.
 During 2020, the final fiscal year of the plan, we were forced to endure a decline in both net sales and income due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but by the second year we successfully pivoted to a profit focused structure and managed to maintain profit margins at a certain level, posting operating income on net sales of 7.4% even when net sales fell considerably to below the 50 billion yen mark.
 Additionally, in light of various factors including uncertainty over when the COVID-19 pandemic will end, we have started to review and reinforce our strategies from a medium-to-long-
Individual Corporate Data Strategies Governance
term perspective, including revising the structure of Group- wide businesses and functions. We have also taken decisive action to enhance the competitiveness of our businesses in the future, including optimizing the personnel structure at our domestic production sites.
 Meanwhile, in terms of the business expansion over the duration of our previous mid-term management plan, although the automotive lenses business achieved 1.5 times growth in net sales over the past three years, in other areas we were unable to achieve sufficient results due to the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors, and issues will remain with respect to the creation of new businesses.
Key Points to the Launch of Our New Mid-Term Management Plan, Vision23
In light of the accomplishments and issues that emerged from the previous mid-term management plan, in Vision23, our new mid-term management plan whose final year will by fiscal 2023, we will adopt the basic policies of executing investments and resource allocations for dramatic progress from a long-term perspective, and steadily implementing the development of business foundations that will enable sustainable growth.
 Under Vision23, we will execute business strategies for each business following a review of our business portfolio, raise the percentage that products other than those in the Photographic Products Business contribute to net sales from 30% to 40%, and aim to develop and optimize a business portfolio insuring at least 10% in operating income on net sales across all segments.
 In our core Photographic Products Business, we will maintain the highly profitable structure that forms the revenue base of the Tamron Group while accelerating our focus on the robust mirrorless camera market and improving market share through a bolstered lineup.
 We rank Surveillance & FA Lenses as our second core business. We will strengthen our efforts aimed at the Chinese market in the surveillance field, while making improvements in the FA field through new technologies and customer development. At the same time, we will step our progress toward a phase of achieving profit growth in addition to sales growth.
 In terms of Mobility & Healthcare Products and Others, we will also implement full-scale launches to make the automotive lenses and health care fields pillars of the next generation, while expanding our presence or making forays into their related markets and new domains.
 In concurrent efforts based on functions that support these business strategies, we will strengthen our competitiveness through organizational and operational reforms and the adoption of smart factories as part of production structural
   Following the path of light to the future of a 100-year company
President & CEO Tamron Co., Ltd.
Shiro Ajisaka
To Our Valued Stakeholders
Celebrating Our 70th Anniversary
In November 2020, Tamron observed the 70th anniversary of its founding. Since Tamron was founded in 1950, it has produced numerous revolutionary and highly unique products through a focus on optical technologies and a willingness to take on the challenge of technological innovation. Today, Tamron has grown into one of the world’s few comprehensive optical manufacturers capable of deploying its end-to-end business structure from R&D to planning, design, manufacturing, sales and support on a global scale. I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude for all our stakeholders for their support in these endeavors.
 The world is now in a period of great change. With intensive economic competition in each country and global environmental
issues on top of the global COVID-19 pandemic, our lives are undergoing significant changes due to the various issues that society faces. In order to respond flexibly to these environmental changes, we used our 70th anniversary as an opportunity to revisit Tamron’s mission and the direction it should take going forward. While continuing to pass down the founding spirit at the root of Tamron, we have revised our Corporate Mission and Corporate Vision with the aim of striking a balance between solving social issues and corporate growth. In addition to formulating the structure of the Corporate Mission to reflect our stance on achieving these goals, we have also established a new brand slogan.  Tamron will deliver emotion and reassurance to the world through products that leverage a strength in optical technologies that trace back to its founding, and strive to achieve a fulfilling society.
03 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 04

      Message from the President & CEO
Introduction Management Strategy
A Company that is a Fulfilling Place to Work
For Tamron to achieve sustainable growth going forward, improving the optical technological capabilities we have cultivated since our founding is only one part; we also need to build an organization in which each employee can be healthy, fulfilled and demonstrate their abilities to the fullest while becoming increasingly efficient in their duties. We also believe it is important to accept and utilize different ideas, perspectives and values irrespective of nationality, gender, age and other attributes. Regarding the composition of Tamron’s Board of Directors, since March 2021 two of the three outside directors have been women. Tamron will continue to ensure diversity in its Board of Directors going forward, including one director who is a foreign national.
 We are also focusing on cultivating the next generation of candidates for top management. In 2021 we started a mission leadership system where section managers are allowed to operate on their own as the smallest unit leaders and Team Tamron as a whole shares goals and works to achieve them. By giving each sectional and departmental leader their own departmental mission and giving them the task of contributing to the mission of head office above them, this system will help Tamron achieve its company-wide Vision23 plan. By channeling ingenuity to achieve their mission, each leader will undergo personal growth that we believe will reinforce Tamron’s organizational strength.
Individual Corporate Data Strategies Governance
Governance Initiatives
Tamron respects the purpose of the Corporate Governance Code and implements all principles that make up its current iteration by making ongoing improvements to its governance system through effectiveness evaluations and other efforts. To date, Tamron has established highly independent nomination and compensation committees, worked to ensure and enhance the independence and diversity in the composition of its Board of Directors, reduced the size of the board, reviewed the compensation system including the introduction of stock-based compensation, and made improvements to the frequency and operation of meetings as needed.
 In light of future revisions to the Corporate Governance Code and other developments, we will actively work to establish a corporate governance system that is able to respond to internal and external environmental changes with flexibility and speed, and help achieve sustainable growth and medium-to-long-term improvements to corporate value.
In Closing
Looking at the current state of society, the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors continue to bring dramatic changes to external and internal environments. Even under this business environment, Tamron will continue to regard change as an opportunity and provide products that deliver excitement and peace of mind to industry, society and people’s lives. Having reached our milestone 70th anniversary and as we pursue the fields of our existing businesses in greater depth and enter new business areas in recognition of the opportunities afforded by the SDGs, we will continue venturing forward over the next decade and on the way to becoming a 100-year company.  Under our new Corporate Mission, Tamron will continue to follow the path of light to create excitement and peace of mind, contributing to the realization of a fulfilling society.
Shiro Ajisaka
President & CEO Tamron Co., Ltd.
  reforms already underway, and also make even greater use of our global sales network. On the R&D front, we will not only elevate our in-house technologies but also promote collaboration with outside parties including alliances to facilitate the early commercialization of R&D results and contribute to business operations. We will also make the head office functions supporting overall corporate activities both sophisticated and flexible, and also build a sustainable business foundation by making various management enhancements such as new business development processes.
 Through these actions in 2023 we aim to generate net sales of 61 billion yen, up around 25% from 2020 levels, and achieve operating income of 7 billion yen, surpassing the ten- year high set in 2019 and representing a V-shaped recovery to the high profitability from before COVID-19. In terms of capital efficiency, we will look to achieve an ROE of at least 9%, above capital costs.
 We will achieve these goals and use them as the foundation for high-quality and full-scale business growth and maximization of corporate value in the future, with the Group making a united effort to achieve forward progress towards fulfilling our long-term vision.
Sustainability
Technological Capabilities to Create New Businesses with an Eye to Solving Social Issues
Tamron possesses outstanding technological capabilities honed over many years to produce high-quality lenses. From Opto-Science R&D and Optical Design & Engineering R&D to lens processing technologies, coating and filter technologies, actuator technologies, resin forming and molding technologies, by combining and utilizing these technical skills, we have continued to deliver valuable optical products to the market for many years.
 Our Optical Design & Engineering R&D support a wide range of light applications from visible to far-infrared ray, and from consumer to industrial. We develop the core technologies for our lens products, including design, simulation, manufacturing and evaluation.
 In the area of lens processing, we will further evolve our technologies to deal with various lens shapes, big and small, including processing methods such as polishing, grinding and pressing. We are also working on a regular basis to combine our expertise in lens processing techniques with optical development technology to produce the wide range of lenses that will be required in the future.
 In terms of the coating and filter technologies that are essential for maximizing lens performance, we are able to give lenses a range of effects and functions by applying coatings to their surfaces based on specific aims.
 Various motors are used in optical lens systems for zoom, focus, iris and vibration compensation. One of Tamron’s strengths is the ability to develop actuators, control circuits and software entirely in-house to combine with optical systems.
 In manufacturing, recently plastic lenses have been utilized for a wide range of applications to reduce product weight and to produce different shapes such as aspheric shapes with complex optical surfaces. Tamron produces plastic lenses that can endure harsh environments and maintains resin forming and molding technologies giving it the ability to deliver products with high added value.
 We are also working on research and development to solve future social issues with optical technologies. Tamron will help solve social issues by not only advancing its own technologies but also by creating new technologies through wide-ranging collaboration and co-creation.
Environmental Action
As phenomena such as global warming have shown, the world faces a sustainability crisis, and concerns over various social issues such as human rights and labor problems are becoming increasingly serious. Tamron recognizes the need to deal with these social issues and has continued to support the 10 principles of the United Nations Global Compact. In recent years, companies have been increasingly called upon to contribute solutions to the social issues identified in the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Tamron has identified the social issues it must help solve while pursuing sustainable growth as Key CSR Issues, and works to help achieve the SDGs by incorporating these issues into its management strategies.  Towards achieving one of these Key CSR Issues, Reducing CO2 emissions, Tamron will contribute to the realization of a decarbonized society by achieving zero CO2 emissions by the year 2050. While implementing energy-saving activities by introducing high-efficiency air conditioning equipment and making productivity improvements to regular operations, we will also adopt in-house power generation using renewable energies and purchase renewable energy credits. Through these efforts, we first aim to reduce CO2 emissions by 30% by 2030. Additionally, on important issues related to the global environment including plastic waste, harmful chemical substances and water risks, we will work to reduce our impact in cooperation with stakeholders.
05 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 06

     The Value Creation Process
We regard various social issues as management opportunities, create economic and social value, and contribute to the realization of a sustainable society.
Introduction
Management Individual
Corporate Data Governance
Our vision for society
Fulfilling society
Strategy
Strategies
Our long-term vision
A company that is respected and needed by society
・Good Company ・Improving the Tamron
brand
・A company with work fulfillment
        Business Activities
    Recognizing risks and opportunities, identifying materiality
Changing external environment
Society
・Improving smartphone functionality
・Rise in urban crime ・Increase in traffic accidents ・AI-driven society
・Aging population ・Security incidents ・Workstyle reforms ・Diversity
Environment
・Climate change
・Resource depletion
・Plastic pollution in the oceans
・Chemical contamination Governance
・Falsified quality and safety information
・Bribery and corruption ・Industrial accidents ・Failure of governance
Strengthening the foundations supporting value creation
Interchangeable Lens for Cameras
     ・Optical design ・Mechanical
design ・Coatings ・Production
technologies ・Test plates
High magnification
Smaller size
Reduced weight
P11-12 P23-30
Technology Strategy
P21
Mobility &
Healthcare Products, Others
P27-30
Surveillance & FA Lenses
P25-26
P15-16
・Interchangeable
Lens for Mirrorless Cameras
・Interchangeable Lens for Digital SLR Cameras
Surveillance & FA Lenses
・Surveillance Cameras Lenses
・FA and Machine Vison Lenses
・Camera Module etc. Automotive Lenses
・Sensing Camera Lenses ・Side and Rear
View Camera Lenses ・Headlight Lenses
Drone Lenses
・Comsumer Drone Lenses Enthusiast Use
・Industrial Dorne Lenses Inspection, Agliculture, etc.
Lenses for New Businesses
・Endoscope Lenses
      Strengths
High-precision optical technologies
Photographic Products
P23-24
Creation of Economic Value(2023)
  Areas of Focus
 Creation of Social Value(2023)
    A society in which people can feel emotion
A society in which
people can live in security
A healthy society A society with
work fulfillment Sustainable earth
CO2 Emissions
11.7% Reduction
(compared with 2015 levels)
              Mid-Term Management Plan "Vision23"
(2021~2023)
P17-18
     07 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 08
Materiality
(Mid-term Management Policies)
   Net Sales 61.0billion yen
Operating Income 7.0billion yen
  Operating Income Margin 11.5%
ROE
More than 9.0%
 Invested Capital(2020)
 Financial Capital
Net Assets
45.8 billion yen
 Manufacturing Capital Capital Investment 2.7 billion yen
 Human Capital
Employees
4,070
 Intellectual Capital
R&D Expenses
4.7 billion yen
 Social Capital
Countries and Regions with a Tamron Sales Presence
Approx. 70 countries and regions
 Natural Capital
Electric Energy Usage
72.941 million kWh
 Foundations Supporting Value Creation (Key CSR Issues)
P35-36 P33-34 P39-40
   Human Resource Development
Environmental Strategy
Corporate Governance
 Corporate Mission
P1
Output
     
       Tamron’s Value Creation Story
Tamron's history of growing with society and
Introduction Management Individual Corporate Data Strategy Strategies Governance
continuing to create emotion and reassurance
the world
1984 1995 1997 2005 2006 2012 2017
 Company History
Becoming a global company providing products around
 1950 1952 1958 1969 1970 1979 1982
Taisei Optical Equipment Manufacturing is founded
Taisei Optical Equipment Manufacturing Inc. is established
The Tamron brand is registered as a trademark
The Hirosaki Factory is constructed
* Tamron now has
three sites in Aomori (Hirosaki, Namioka and Owani)
Company name is changed to Tamron Co., Ltd.
Sales subsidiary is established in the United States
Sales subsidiary is established in West Germany (at that time)
Registered with the Japan Securities Dealers Association for over-the- counter trading
Bronica Co., Ltd. is acquired
Production subsidiary in China is established
Sales subsidiary in
China is established
* Expanding to seven Group companies through the subsequent establishment of overseas sales subsidiaries
Net sales
Listed on the 1st section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Production subsidiary in Vietnam is established
Toumeigiken Co., Ltd. is acquired
Tamron achieves record high net income of
5.3 billion yen in 2019
   2014
Net sales top
70 billion yen
      Members of the Urawa Plant at the time
Hirosaki Factory
Factory in Foshan, China
2001 over 30 billion yen 2003 over 50 billion yen 2002 over 40 billion yen 2004 over 60 billion yen
          1984
Net sales top
20 billion yen
10 billion yen
1980
          1981
Net sales top
   Widespread
adoption of digital cameras
 Compact digital camera lenses drive sales
 Expansion period of interchangeable lenses for DSLR cameras
   Sales growth due to creative photographic lenses
        1950
1960
1970
1990
2000
2010
2020
Product History
Developing a wide range of products through technologies
to develop high precision in lenses
 1950
Manufacture of cameras and binocular lenses is started
1957
The T mount interchangeable lens mount for SLR cameras is developed
* World-first
1966
Production of master test plates, ultra-precision lenses and prisms is started
1966
The Tamron Adapt-A-Matic range of lenses is developed
1981
6x zoom video camera lens is developed
1986
Varifocal lenses for CCTVs are developed.
* Industry-first
1992
The AF28-200mm (71D) all-in-one zoom lenses for SLR cameras is released*
2006
Sale of lenses for mobile phones is started
2008
Sale of automotive lenses is started
2016
2017
2018
Sale of compact camera modules is started
Sale of drone lenses is started
Sale of lenses for medical application is started
               09 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 10
Master test plates
Ultra-precision lenses that serve as the standard for all optical lenses. For more than half a century, skillful techniques have been handed down by successive craftspeople, making Tamron one of the few optical manufacturers able to craft master test plates even today.
Widespread adoption of
video cameras begins
VTR-equipped cameras and video camera lenses developed to coincide with the widespread uptake of compact video cameras enjoy brisk sales. These products accounted for 50% of sales at the time.
The beginning of all-in-one zoom lenses
The original model for the all-in-one zoom lens was a rounded piece of graph paper the size of a cigarette packet (The world’s smallest and lightest in the world at the time). Starting with this first product, Tamron has made successful advancements with greater focal distances, more compact and lighter designs and new mounting mechanisms, establishing Tamron’s position as the go-to manufacturer of all-in-one zoom lenses.
 
      Business Development
Using the profits earned from the mature photographic products market and the stable growth market for surveillance and factory automation as capital, Tamron aims to allocate management resources to new and high-growth markets, namely automotive, drone lenses for medical applications to scale up its business.
Introduction
Management Strategy
Individual Strategies
Corporate Governance
Data
  Busin
Small
Mo
ess
Me
Po
dical
P30
rtfolio
bility & Healthcare Products, Othe
 New Market
Leveraging Tamron’s strengths in very small diameter lenses and thin film technologies, we will contribute to progress in minimally- invasive medical procedures.
We have developed lenses for aerial photog- raphy, primarily for the consumer sector. In anticipation of demand for industrial drones, a field expected to grow in the future, we are working on the development of compact, high-performance lenses to help solve issues not possible with human vision.
DSC / VC
Using techniques and expertise cultivated over many years combined with state-of- the-art technologies, Tamron will develop and supply optical lens units designed for image sensors with increasingly high reso- lutions, contributing to the development of film culture.
High-growth Market
Dron
P29
es
rs
Mature
Market
DSC / VC
High-growth
Market
Aut
omo
8-29
tive
Photo
High
 graphic
Pro
In addition to interchangeable lenses for DSLR cameras, in recent years Tamron has developed compact, lightweight lenses for mirrorless cameras as well. Our lenses, which feature excellent rendering performance combined with good operability in a lightweight, compact form, create moving experiences through video and contribute to the development of a fulfilling society.
Low
ducts
Automotive
With advancements in autonomous driving, in addition to conventional applications in the visual spectrum, a growing proportion of automotive cameras are used for sens- ing, increasing the importance of high- performance lenses. Through our sophisti- cated precision optics technologies, we will contribute to the development of a safe and secure driving society.
 Medical
P2
Surveillance
and FA-related
P2
5-26
fields
S
urv
eillance
&
F
Tamron continually develops surveillance camera lenses which cater to market needs. Together with machine vision camera lenses used in industrial applications, we are helping to develop a safe and secure society.
A
L
enses
 Surveillance,
factory automation, etc.
   Drones
Stable Growth Market
  Sales Volume
Larg
e
     Mature Market
 Own-Brand / OEM
Photograp
hic P
P
23-24
ro
ducts Field
                                                                                                   Composition of Sales (by Business)
Mobility & Healthcare Products , Others
              12%
DSC / VC Drones Medical
2020
Net Sales of
48.4 billion yen
OEM
       Automotive
    Surveillance, factory automation, etc.
Own- Brand
Photographic Products
69%
Domestic: Approx.
30%
                    Surveillance & FA Lenses
19%
         Composition of Sales (by Region)
                  Other regions
3%
2020
Net Sales of
48.4 billion yen
         Asia
34%
Japan
32%
North America
13%
           Europe
17%
     Overseas: Approx.
70%
    11 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 12
Market Growth Rate

      Risks and Opportunities
Risk Management System
The political and economic conditions surrounding Tamron, along with the broader business environment, are changing with each day. Tamron implements risk management and controls risks based on both aspects, namely the risks that need to be prepared for to ensure Tamron’s sustained growth, as well as growth opportunities themselves.
 We recognize a wide range of risks as key management issues. The CSR Committee, which is chaired by the president and comprises all officers and managers of division as members, deliberates and makes decisions about Tamron’s basic policy on risk response and other important matters. The committee
also reports to the Board of Directors as appropriate. Risks and opportunities recognized as key management issues are implemented through the “Basic Policies and General Principles” of the mid-term management policy and through the management plans of each division. Each division then builds a management system to perform administration of the policies. In terms of CSR, important issues are recognized as priority CSR issues. For these, we set management targets and monitor our progress on the issues periodically through quarterly CSR Committee meetings.
Introduction
Key Risks and Opportunities
Management Strategy
Individual Strategies
Corporate Data Governance
・Building and operating a remote product development framework
・Development of work-at-home and telework environments
・Sales strategy specializing in interchangeable lenses for mirrorless cameras
・Expanding sales in the growing market for industrial lenses
・Actively investing in new businesses such as lense medical application
・Properly responding to fluctuating demand in each region and controlling production
・Multiple purchases and understanding alternative supplier candidates
・Implementation of strategies based on the Environment Vision 2050 (energy saving and introduction of renewable energy)
・Action and continual improvement based on business continuity planning (BCP) in Japan and overseas
・Quality assurance inspections before product shipments
・Handling the overwriting of firmware after shipping
・Technology development and creation of new businesses based on medium- to long-term strategies
・Open innovation between industry, academia and government
・Strategies aimed at the full-scale commercialization of medical products
・Engaging in analysis and discussion in the Management Meeting and Board of Directors from a range of perspectives including market trends, strategy, acquisition prices and potential risks
・Building and improving quality assurance systems compliant with ISO9001, ISO13485 and IATF16949
・Taking action and preventing release when quality defects occur
・Job-specific hiring, positional and grade systems, systems to solicit positional applications internally
・Creating a comfortable workplace environment by promoting a healthy work-life balance and diversity
・Promoting health and productivity management ・Developing information security systems
・Implementing management based on an information security policy
・Continually monitoring the global political, social and economic climate to analyze the impact in relation to corporate activities
・Determination and promotion of policies by the Compliance Committee
・Disseminating and ensuring observance of the Compliance Code of Conduct
  Risk Factors
・COVID-19 pandemic
・Rapid technological innovation
Key Risks / Key Opportunities
Response Methods
      ● Impact of stagnant economic activity on business performance
● Impact of decreasing demand on production activities
● Impact on health and safety of employees and stakeholders
     ・Shrinking digital camera market
・Reliance on Photographic Products Business
・Reliance on specific customers
● Expanding contraction of the digital camera market due to increasing functionality of smartphone cameras
● Reliance on Photographic Products Business
● Reliance on specific customers
● Growth in the mirrorless camera market
● Growth in the industrial camera market
     ・Product supply and demand
● Fluctuating product prices, too much or too little inventory
● Lack of procurement of glass materials
    ・Climate change
● Damage to corporate value through inability to respond to the shift to a decarbonized society
● Impact on production activities due to damage to plants in Japan or overseas
● Burden from carbon taxes and renewable energy purchase costs
● Increased order opportunities due to responding to decarbonized society at an early stage
     ・Risks unique to the interchangeable lens business
● Defects due to improper matching between lenses and cameras
     ● Decline in competitiveness when the development of cutting edge technologies or their application in products is not advanced as scheduled
● Obtaining growth opportunities through the development of revolutionary technologies
     ・Investment in new businesses ・Investment in M&A activities,
etc.
● Failures to investment in R&D and capital investment for new businesses
● Failures to establish business alliances or acquire companies to strengthen business
● Actively tackling M&A activities utilizing a robust financial structure
● Building the foundations of growth through new management resources acquisitions
      ・Product quality and safety
● Damage to brand value due to declining product quality or defects
     ・Securing human resources
● Impact on new hires and continuing employment due to intensifying competition to hire and retain talented human resources
● Obtaining growth opportunities by hiring and retaining the employment of talented human resources that fit the mold of the ideal employees Tamron is looking for
     ・Information security
● Leaking of corporate information and personal information due to damaged information system functions caused by computer viruses and the like
    ・Geopolitical risks
● Experiencing various impacts due to global political, social and economic trends
     ・Compliance
● Damage to corporate value due to corporate behavior that violates laws or diverges from social normal, such as infringements upon intellectual property rights, bribery, and so on
       Board of Directors
 Supervision of risk response
  CSR Committee
 Determines priority risks and opportunities, makes decisions concerning policy and important matters, checks progress
(including priority CSR issues and climate change risks)
   Deliberation
Reporting
Determination
Ascertaining  and determining priority risks and
opportunities
       External environment
Assessment of importance in terms of both the effects on society and the impact on Tamron
 Reflected as “Basic Policies and General Principles” (materiality) in the mid-term management policy
Materiality +
Key CSR Issues
Reflected in the management plans of each division
Management Plan
Implementation and management in the policies of each division
Policy management  in each division (PDCA)
* Check the section on “Business & Other risks to learn more about priority risks and opportunities. (URL:https://www.tamron.com/ir/management/management_04.html)
        13 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 14
Importance  assessment
Internal environment

      Materiality
Materiality (Basic Policies and General Principles of the Mid-Term Management Policy)
Tamron regards materiality to achieve sustained growth together with society as an important matter in the formulation of business strategy and the decision-making process, and has incorporated this into its mid-term management policy. When
addressing these material issues, there are “Key CSR Issues” representing individual issues related to the environment, society and governance in order to mitigate risks and take advantage of opportunities.
・We will enhance our marketing, product planning and sales capabilities, provide products that respond to market trends and customer needs to excite customers, and work to expand our business through increased market share and other approaches with sales strategies adapted for each market.
・Besides expanding existing businesses, we will step up the creation of new businesses through enhanced marketing focused on the "resolution of social issues" in line with the guiding principles of the SDGs, and collaborative creation, including through M&A.
・In addition to developing elemental technologies focused on our core competency in optical technologies, we will pursue R&D in new technological fields and focus on a horizontal specialization (including collaboration between industry, academia and government) such as collaborative creation.
・We will accelerate the global expansion of our existing businesses, capture demand in the markets of developing countries with top priority placed on strengthening our position in Asian market, strive to boost profitability and bolster our operating foundations.
・To respond to severe changes to the external environment, we will reinforce our Chinese development structure, work to shorten lead times from development to mass production,and deliver new products that cater to customers in eachmarket in a timely fashion.
・We will build a global structure of efficient production across three regions, and with the Fourth Industrial Revolution in mind, pursue further productivity improvements and cost reductions by way of automation, labor saving and personnel saving with the introduction of smart factories.
・To contribute to the realization of a sustainable global environment, we will reduce greenhouse gas emissions as part of measures to combat climate change while also promoting the recycling of resources.
Environmental Strategy P33-34
・We will promote improved work-life balance and diversity, foster the development of human resources, and develop workplace environments in which all employees can demonstrate their full potential.
Human Resource Development P35-36
・We will strengthen corporate governance to improve the effectiveness of strategies and tactics, and achieve sustained growth.
Governance P39-40
Creating new businesses
Introduction
The Direction of Sustained Growth
Management Strategy
Individual Strategies
Corporate Governance
Data
     Materiality
Key CSR Issues
Mid-Term Management Policy (Basic Policies and General Principles)
  ❶ Creating excitement and peace of mind
      ❷ Creating new light
  ・Contributing to social issues through business
    ❸ Business structural reforms
(improved productivity)
      ❹ Contributing to a sustainable earth
・Reducing CO2 emissions ・Recycling resources and reducing
waste
・Environmentally friendly design
・Reducing harmful chemical substances
・Water management
       ❺ Empowering employees
・Human resource development
・Developing comfortable workplace environments and promoting diversity
・Fostering the development of the next generation
       ❻ Developing the foundations of trust and sustained growth
・Expanding the disclosure of nonfinancial information
・Enhancing product quality and safety management
・Promoting CSR procurement
・Preparing for major disasters
・Enhancing internal reporting systems
・Improving the governance system
     Creating new value by solving social issues
    Steady growth of existing business fields
Strategic investment through the allocation of revenue from core businesses and management resources
Improving business revenue
Providing excitement through still images and video
            Our long-term vision
A company respected and needed by society
 Our vision for society
Fulfilling society
        Please see our website for initiatives on key CSR issues. https://www.tamron.com/csr/ 15 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron's Vision for Sustainable Growth and Society
Carving out the future with light
Optics
Technology / Employee
2020
Future
・Good Company ・Improving the Tamron
brand
・A company that is
a fulfilling place to work
Providing to people and society
Social value
Emotion Reassurance Sustainable
    Tamron Integrated Report 2021 16
Achieving sustained growth through business structural reform
Size of business
Growth businesses and new businesses Core businesses

      Mid-Term Management Plan (Review of the Previous Plan and Introduction of
Introduction Management Individual Strategy Strategies
New Mid-Term Management Plan)
Basic Strategies of Vision23 New Mid-term Management Plan
Corporate Data Governance
 Tamron’s mission lies in contributing to the development of a fulfilling society in which all people experience emotion and reassurance through its corporate activities.
 As of 2021, we have launched the new mid-term management plan Vision23, and are aiming to achieve new leaps ahead based on building a sustainable business base.
Review of the Previous Mid-Term Management Plan (2018 to 2020)
In order to execute appropriate investments and resource allocations from a long-term perspective, we will also be making some changes to our segments to optimize our business portfolio.
 In our core business, the Photographic Products Business, we will maintain our high-profit structure as a key pillar of our revenue base, while focusing on products for mirrorless cameras to increase our market share for both our own-brand products and OEM products.
 We have positioned Surveillance & FA Lenses as a second key pillar segment, and will step up to the phase of achieving profit growth. In order to do so, we will focus on the Chinese
market for surveillance products and seek to expand FA-related business with new technologies.
 We will launch the Mobility & Health Care Products and Others business segment as a new next generation key segment incorporating the existing drone and automotive lenses segment and the health care segment, seeking to enter new areas in the health care domain.
 In terms of capabilities, we will seek to increase the level of business management resources and strengthen various areas of management such as in new business development processes, in order to build a sustainable business base.
Main Achievements
・By achieving higher profitability of core businesses, mid-term targets for profit and ROE were reached a year earlier than expected
・Achieved a large increase in the number of new own-brand interchangeable lens products released- Achieved a large increase in the number of new own-brand interchangeable lens products released
・Achieved high growth in net sales of automotive lenses (1.5 times in three years)
・Launch of the module business and full-scale commercialization ・Entered the health care segment
・Optimized scale of Japanese production locations
・Revised personnel systems and raised aware-
Main Issues
・Failed to achieve target for net sales
・Allocating management resources to high growth areas on a
priority basis
・Developing new businesses
・Creating new business domains
・Greater shrinkage of digital camera market than anticipated ・Handling the mature B to C drone market
 Business Strategy
Business portfolio optimization ⇒ change of disclosure segments
  Photographic Products
■ Maintaining high profitability as a core business
・Doubling size of lineup by focusing on products for mirrorless cameras
・Swift response to new formats ・Increasing instore share with OEM products
  Surveillance & FA Lenses
■ Growing sales and profits as a second key pillar
・Taking in the massive Chinese market and expanding business with new technologies including SWIR and camera module business
・Creating OEM products and expanding share in FA
  Mobility & Health Care Products
■ Launch as a next-generation key pillar ■ Create new business domains
・Bolster automotive lenses (sensing) and develop customers
・Full-scale launch of health care business, expand into the health care domain
      FY2017 results
2020 mid-term plan
USD=110 JPY EURO=130 JPY
First year progress
FY2018 results
USD=110.45 JPY EURO=130.38 JPY
Second year progress
FY2019 results
USD=109.04 JPY EURO=122.06 JPY
Final year
FY2020 results
USD=106.77 JPY EURO=121.92 JPY
 60.5 billion yen
 72.0 billion yen
 4.2 billion yen
 6.6 billion yen
 7.00%
 9.20%
 5.80%
 More than 9%
  61.8 billion yen
 5.4 billion yen
 8.80%
 8.60%
  63.3 billion yen
 7.0 billion yen
 11.00%
 10.10%
  48.4 billion yen
 3.6 billion yen
 7.40%
 3.90%
 ness of productivity improvements
・Flattened and slimmed Tamron’s organization
structure
・Obtained outstanding health and productivity
management company certification ・Formulated an environment vision
Net sales
Operating income Operating income margin
ROE
* Exchange assumption
   Functional Strategy
  Production & Procurement
・Start structural reforms to production framework
・Push ahead with creation of smart factories ・Increase automation, internalization and localized procurement rates and narrow
down suppliers
・High-precision processing and accumulation
of production technologies
  Marketing & Sales
・Evolve marketing capabilities utilizing global sales network
・Transform each sales company into an autonomously operated entity
・Identify global needs and improve sharing and collaboration
  Research and Development
・Increase sophistication of basic optical and elemental technologies
・Increase productivity and quality of product development / design
・Enhance discovery / development of "seeds" ・Utilize open innovation
   Positioning of the New Mid-Term Management Plan
In light of the achievements and issues that emerged from the previous mid-term management plan, in Vision23, our new mid-term management plan, we will adopt the basic policies of executing investments and resource allocations for dramatic progress from a long-term perspective, and steadily
implementing the development of business foundations that will enable sustainable growth. Based on that foundation, we will work to maximize corporate value and achieve real high- quality business growth in the future.
 Increase level of management resources and develop foundations for creating corporate value
    Financial standing and strategic investment
IT renewal and digital transformation (DX)
Human resources development and development of schemes / environment
ESG
  Long-term vision
Our vision
A company respected and needed by society
 ・Good Company
・Improving the Tamron brand ・A company that is a fulfilling
place to work
 Launch of Vision23 New Mid-Term Management Plan
Basic Policy
Our consolidated targets are net sales of 61.0 billion yen (an increase of around 25% from 2020) and operating income of 7.0 billion yen, which will be the highest in the last ten years.
New Vision23 Mid-Term Management Plan (2021-2023)
Net sales
Operating income
Operating income margin
We aim to make a rapid recovery to a highly profitable structure. We also aim to achieve an ROE of more than 9%.
Rapid Recovery to Pre-COVID-19 High-Profit Levels
・Executing investments and allocation of resources for dramatic progress
・Building business foundations that will enable sustainable growth
Financial Targets of Vision23 New Mid-Term Management Plan
    Mid-term management plan Maximizing corporate value
2018–2020
Mid-term management plan Vision23
2021–2023
Next mid-term management plan onward
2024–
 ■ Operating income (Million yen)  ● Operating income margin
11.0%
2019
11.5%
      <Consolidated>
   Achieving major leaps ahead and maximizing corporate value through the results of Vison23
・Balanced business portfolio ・Contribution of new businesses
48.4 billion yen
2023 mid-term plan
61.0 billion yen
6.3%
3.9%
2,361
7.0%
7.4%
3,575
8.8%
          ・Portfolio optimization ・Creating and developing new
businesses
・Building a functional strategy ・Human resources
development and organizational revitalization
3.6 billion yen
7.0 billion yen
          * Exchange assumption
7.4%
    17 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 18
ROE
FY2020 results
More than 9%
11.5%
2015
2016 2017
2018
2020 2023 Mid-Term
Plan
5,424
6,982
7,000
 ・Highly profitable core businesses ・Expanding businesses in growth
fields
・Improving corporate
   management
3.9%
4,554
4,246
  USD=105 JPY EURO=123 JPY
Build a sustainable business base

      Financial Strategy
Introduction Management Individual Corporate Data Strategy Strategies Governance
The Tamron Group pursues management that maintains an awareness of capital costs and places an emphasis on capital efficiency. In our mid-term management plan, we have set the goal of raising ROE to at least 9%, exceeding the cost of capital (approx. 7%), and have undertaken various initiatives with this in mind.
Initiatives to Raise ROE
 The Tamron Group will balance ensuring a robust financial structure with high capital efficiency, and follow a basic policy of strategically allocating management resources to improve corporate value through business strategy.
Strategically allocating management resources by balancing robust financial structure with high capital efficiency
   (1) Robust financial structure
We have implemented future-oriented R&D and capital investment for sustained growth while making preparations for flexible strategic investments (including M&A and alliances, etc.) and considering risk tolerance. Under these conditions, we aim to have at least two-thirds of our total assets comprised of owned capital and ensure sufficient liquidity on hand of two or three months. We have developed a financial structure that maintains financial health with a D/E ratio of 0.1x or less.
(2) Capital investment
We will actively pursue capital investment that contributes to improved corporate value. In addition to investment in new models and high-precision equipment, we are investing automation, streamlining, energy-saving production equipment, and other systems to boost productivity and improve business operations.
 Over the three-year period from 2021 to 2023, we plan to make cumulative capital investments worth around 10 billion yen. This represents an increase of roughly two billion yen in cumulative investments over the preceding three-year period from 2018 to 2020 as we step up investments in anticipation of the medium and long term.
(3) R&D investment
As a global optical manufacturer, investment in R&D is essential to maintain and improve high-level technologies, as well as to contribute to social needs and produce innovation from a long- term perspective.
  Over the three-year period from 2021 to 2023, we place to make R&D investments worth around 15 billion yen, representing an increase of about one billion yen over the previous three years from 2018 to 2020. On a fiscal year basis, up to 2015 these investments amounted to around 5% of net sales, but this has gradually been raised to 8-10% of net sales.
(4) Shareholder return and capital policy
We will steadily link growth investment to profit growth, work to increase earnings per share (EPS), target a dividend payout ratio of around 35% as the allocation of profits based on business performance, and position the continuation of stable shareholder return as our basic policy.
 In addition, in light of developments such as market conditions, financial status and capital efficiency, we will also implement capital policy including the acquisition of treasury shares on a flexible basis.
ROE
(composition)
=××
Profitability
Net Income Net Sales
Asset Efficiency
Net Sales Total Assets
Financial  Leverage
Total Assets Net Assets
    Main Initiatives
Improved profitability
Improved asset efficiency
Enhancing shareholder return and executing capital policy
    ・Reduced development and production costs
・Reduced operational costs
・Thoroughly managed and reduced inventory assets, etc.
・Shortened the cash conversion cycle (CCC)
・Ongoing shareholder return based on a dividend payout ratio of around 35%
 ・Execution of flexible capital policy
        ・Gross profit margin: 34.0% ⇒ 38.3%
・SG&A expense ratio excluding R&D expenses: 20.4% ⇒ 19.0%
・Improved non-operating profit/loss, reduced effective rate of duty
  Results (2017⇒2019)
・Months of stock turnover: 2.1 months ⇒ 1.8 months
・CCC: 147 days ⇒ 128 days
・Annual dividend:
50 yen ⇒ record high of 68 yen
          ● 2019: Major achievements in profitability, and degree of progress on capital efficiency
 ● 2020: Implemented a large-scale acquisition of treasury shares
 Implemented acquisition of treasury shares (March 2020)
・ Percentage of total number of issued shares: 18.87% ・ Acquisition amount: 8.9 billion yen
Improving Corporate Value through Both Business Strategy and Financial Strategy
 Capital Investment (Million yen) Three-year total:
R&D Expenses (Million yen) Three-year total:
14.3 billion yen Three-year total from 2021 to 2023: approx.
■ R&D expenses  15 billion yen ● R&D expenses on net sales Approx.
Dividend Payout Ratio
56.3%
  7.9 billion yen
3,171
2,047
2018 2019
Three-year total from 2021 to 2023: approx.
10 billion yen Approx.
2 billion yen more than the 2018-2020 period
5,263
2019
1 billion yen 4,687 more than the
Continued payout ratio of around
35%
      2,734
2020
4,373
2018
2018-2020 period
35.8%
32.8%
     7.1%
8.3%
9.7%
2020
2018
2019 2020
  Business Strategy
Financial Strategy
    Analyze, evaluate and determine the business portfolio
Analyze and evaluate finances,
and determine an optimal capital structure
  ・Improve profitability through the selection and concentration of businesses
・Revise and reduce operational costs
・Obtain new growth engines by pursuing existing businesses
in depth and expanding into adjacent fields of business ・Beef up capital investment and engage in M&A activities
・Secure funding for growth investment and strategic investment
・After taking risk tolerance into consideration, maintain a robust financial structure and optimize the level of cash and deposits
・Achieve stable shareholder return based on profits ・Execute a flexible capital policy
   19 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 20
Improving Corporate Value
Strike a balance between growth potential and efficiency to achieve a corporate structure capable of sustained growth

                                                Tamron's Proprietary Cutting-Edge Technologies of Optics
Introduction Management Individual Corporate Data Strategy Strategies Governance
Tamron Products Creating Emotion and Reassurance
Tamron creates emotion and reassurance to the society by creating various optical products.
  Compact, lightweight, highly precise and highly functional. Expending great efforts to bring optical technological innovation, Tamron has released many valuable optical products over the years. Tamron will continue to focus on the future. We are committed as an optical specialist to create new value and direction in optics with our long accumulated optical technologies not just optical design but also mechanical designs as well as production technologies.
   Drone lenses
  Traffic surveillance camera lenses
Surveillance camera lenses
                         Opto-Science R&D
Social problem-solving with optical technology
Solving current and future social issues with optical technology. Tamron set itself the goal to conduct research and development through wide-ranging collaborations in the medical, agriculture, mobility and security
industries.
Actuator Technology
Lens movement control
Actuator technology is responsible for fast and highly accurate lens movements such as zoom, focus, iris and VC (Vibration Compensation). Tamron independently develops its own optical design, control circuit and software to ensure the fastest and most accurate actuators possible.
Lens Processing Technology
Quality backed by experience and achievements. Innovations in polishing, grinding, and pressing processes have enabled Tamron to offer highly precise lens processing technology allowing for new applications
and complex shapes.
Looking towards the future with advanced optical technologies
Coating and Filter Technology
Delivering maximum lens performance
Optical coating technology has been effectively designed in order to improve optical performance and lens function which delivers superior wavelength control, lower-reflection, and higher surface protection depending upon usage and light source.
Optical Design & Engineering R&D Optical wavelength and limitless possibilities Solving social issues by continuing to develop core technologies such as design, simulation, manufacturing, and evaluation of lens products. Researching optical development technologies for a wide range of light applications from visible to far infrared ray, from consumer
to industrial use.
Resin Forming/Molding Technology
Create new usages with manufacturing technology High-precision molding and forming technologies are able to produce value- added products unlike machining operation and glass materials. Resin molded parts are used for not only plastic lens but also for the housing. Resin forming/molding technology contributes to a new application and
improvements for lens products.
Teleconferencing lenses
             Lenses for medical applications
Automotive lenses
Factory automation and machine vision lenses
                        Please visit our website https://www.tamron.com/technology/ 21 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Infrared camera modules
Lenses for SLR cameras Interchangeable lenses for mirrorless cameras Compact digital camera lenses
Lenses for video cameras
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 22

      Strategies by Segment
Photographic Products
Related SDGs
Segment  Characteristics
2020 Overview
Market Situation
Introduction
Products Offered
Production Methods
Delivery Destinations
Users
Management Individual Corporate Data Strategy Strategies Governance
Lenses for interchangeable lens cameras (DSLR and mirrorless cameras)
Own-Brand products / OEM products
Electronics retail stores, online electronics retailers (Own-Brand products), major camera manufacturers (OEM products)
          Human Focus. We will remain user-centric and study people while designing and manufacturing lenses so that users around the world can fully continue to enjoy photography in their own way.
Interchangeable Lens Camera Market Environment (billion yen)
■ Mirrorless ■ DSLR
Consumers
   Interchangeable Lens Camera Market
 Interchangeable Lens Market
 Compact Digital Cameras
      Summary of Business Results
Financial Targets for the New Vision23 Mid-Term Management Plan (2021-2023)
25% decline year on year
31% decline year on year
APS-C: 49% decline year on year Full Frame: 26% decline year on year
41% decline year on year
519.5
149.4
578.3 569.7 297.3
457.0
174.6 343.8
45% decline year on year
13% decline year on year
       23 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 24
Own- Brand
OEM
15.8%
2023 mid-term plan
 Net Sales
21.4 billion yen
21.0 billion yen
21.4
21.0
   12.2 billion yen
15.5 billion yen
   Total
33.6 billion yen
36.5 billion yen
15.5
2023
Sales Composition by Region (2020) (Own-Brand)
272.4
2018
96.8 247.0 2019 2020
370.1
356.9
 ■ Net Sales (OEM) 
■ Net Sales (Own-Brand)
● Operating Income Margin
Other regions 16%
Russia, India
3%
China 12%
Japan 13%
2016 2017
221.4
282.4
  FY2020 results
 33.6
12.2
2020
36.5 (Billion yen)
Europe 29%
United States
27%
2020 Results
sales to 23%, above the level of market decline.
 In China, where the recovery from COVID-19 was fast, net sales of own-brand products remained at the same level as the previous year in local currency terms. However, sales in the main markets of Japan and the United States fell by around 20%, and in Europe by around 25%. Operating income decreased by 39% due to a significant decrease in sales, although we were still able to secure a profit margin of around 15%.
  15.8%
16~20%
Net sales decreased by 12.6 billion year on year to 33.6 billion yen as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which caused a decline in purchasing opportunities as a result of store closures around the world and restrictions on international travel and outdoor activity in general, as well as consumers exercising self-restraint with regard to travel and various events. While OEM products decreased by 34% in line with market decline, own-brand product sales were supported by the introduction of new products, which enabled us to limit the decrease in
Future Strategy
For own-brand products, we plan to continually release new products at the speed of around five models a year. In particular, in response to the recent expansion of the mir- rorless market, all of the products we plan to release are for use with mirrorless cameras. In January 2021 we introduced the Model B070 standard zoom lens for APS-C, and in June 2021 we launched the Model A057 ultra-telephoto zoom lens onto the market. In late June we launched the Model B060, a wide-angle zoom lens for APS-C, following on from the Model B070. With these new products, we aim to further increase our market share, and raise the percentage of all net
     Operating Income Margin
16~20%
     Own-Brand Initiatives and Future Policy
 sales accounted for by products for use with mirrorless cameras to approx- imately 80%.
Percentage of Own-Branded Mirrorless Products
■ Mirrorless ■ DSLR
 In Photographic Products, we will seek to further ad- vance the achievements of the previous mid-term man- agement plan. Specifically, we will continue to focus on interchangeable lenses for mirrorless cameras, which are expected to display continued growth in the future, as we seek to increase our market share in both own-brand and OEM products, while at the same time maintaining a high-profit structure, with this segment as a key pillar of our revenue base.
 In 2020, the final year of our previous mid-term management plan, we were forced to suffer a decline in both sales and profits as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. At the same time, our operating income margin increased from 12.8% in 2017 to 18.7% in 2019 due to improved gross profit margins and cost control for our own-brand products.
 In 2021, we plan to increase net sales by 10% year on year to 37.0 billion yen, as the result of a positive re- bound after the major slump in the market seen in 2020. In 2023, the final year of our new Vision23 mid-term management plan (2021-2023), we aim to achieve net sales of 36.5 billion yen; an increase in comparison with 2020, although this still constitutes a decrease in compar- ison with 2019 levels, prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.  Although a continued decrease in sales of interchangeable lenses for SLR cameras is expected, we will seek to achieve an overall increase by compensating for the decrease with an increase in sales of interchangeable lenses for mirrorless cameras.
     98%
2%
2017
2018 2019 2020
90%
40% 10%
60%
40%
60%
   Value Creation Initiatives
As the market progresses further towards mirrorless cameras, we have launched the 17- 70mm F2.8 (Model B070) in response to customer requests to expand our lens lineup for compact APS-C cameras. In recent years, mirrorless cameras have been increasingly used for shooting video. In view of this, the lens is equipped with vibration compensation (VC) functionality that makes it suitable for video shooting, while at the same time maintaining a compact size and light weight, in spite of its F2.8 large-aperture design.
  17-70mm F2.8(Model B070)
    
      Strategies by Segment
Introduction Management Individual Corporate Data Strategy Strategies Governance
     Surveillance & FA
Related SDGs
Delivery Customers
Our Strengths
Related Social Issues
・Major camera manufacturers and machine tool procedures from around the world,  including the United States, Europe, South Korea, Taiwan and China.
* Tamron establishes deep ties with major manufacturers, ascertains demand and promotes joint ventures.
・We possess the technologies to design and manufacture compact lenses with focal distances that offer high magnification
・We have enhanced our lineup with units that incorporate accessories and modularization with cameras
・Developing a safer and more secure society is a challenge common to various countries, and the surveillance market is expanding around the world.
Growth has continued together with economic recovery, despite uncertainty over the future due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and trade frictions between the United States and China.
Surveillance is regarded as an essential field in each country. Demand is recovering due to continued investment in infrastructure.
   Segment  Characteristics
 We will seek to develop new products that support people's safety and security, and expand our business scale and revenue base by conducting global sales activities that capture market needs.
Summary of Business Results
Financial Targets for the New Vision23 Sales Composition by Application
2020 Overview
Market Situation
2020 Results
Due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and US-China trade frictions, net sales decreased by over 1 billion yen year on year to 9.1 billion yen. For camera modules in particular, sales were greatly restricted because some components came from manufacturers on the US Entity List (a list of companies of concern in terms of national security and/or foreign policy issues). Moving forward, we will switch to unrestricted
Future Strategy
In the surveillance field, we will focus on high-end products that achieve high image quality̶including 4K, which is one of our strengths, to secure sales and improve profit margins. In the FA field, we will continue the full-scale introduction of new models, and expand our lineup in order to cater to user needs.  Additionally, while until now we have only offered products
    Trends
 Demand for the  Surveillance Segment
    Mid-Term Management Plan (2021-2023)
■ Net Sales (Billion yen)   ● Operating Income Margin
(2020) (Surveillance & FA)
Camera modules 10%
     FY2020 results
  2023 mid-term plan
  9.1 billion yen
  17.0 billion yen
   5.8%
  More than 10%
     Net Sales
Operating Income Margin
5.8%
9.1
2020
17.0
2023
More than Teleconferencing 10% 20%
FA
10% Surveillance
60%
components and seek to reintroduce them.
 At the same time, the Chinese market recovered faster than other countries. Partly due to the introduction of lenses that support high image quality, there was a remarkable trend of recovery, with net sales increasing by 40% year on year in the second half of the year.
that cover the visible light range, in the future we will expand our business by expanding the range of availability to include lenses and cameras that capture near and far-infrared light, which is invisible to the naked eye.
    Disclosure segments have been changed as of 2021 (only the Surveillance & FA Lenses segment has been made independent from the existing Commercial / Industrial-use Optics segment).
* Results shown for FY2020 have been converted to reflect this change.
  Initiatives and Future Policy in the Surveillance & FA Segment
 In the Surveillance & FA segment, we will utilize our business base̶which has grown steadily during the previous mid-term management plan̶to accelerate the growth of sales and profits as a second key pillar after the Photographic Products segment. In the Surveillance field, we will take in the Chinese market, where immediate business conditions are favorable. In the FA field, which has ample room for growth, we will strengthen customer development and the development of new technologies including the short wavelength infrared (SWIR) range, and expand our business operations in the camera module business, which is a new business area for Tamron.
 In 2020, the final year of the previous mid-term management plan, sales decreased by 14% year on year due to factors such as the COVID-19 pandemic, additional tariffs as a result of US-China trade frictions,
and the introduction of the National Defense Authorization Act. At the same time, net sales to the Chinese market increased by roughly 40% year on year in the second half of the year, and future growth is also expected.  With the market environment expected to recover to the previous trend of high growth in 2021, we aim to increase net sales by 26% year on year to 11.5 billion yen, and operating income by 70% year on year to 900 million yen. By 2023, the final year of the new Vision23 mid-term management plan (2021–2023), in view of future growth potential, we plan to increase net sales significantly to 17.0 billion yen, and achieve an operating income margin of at least 10%.
   Value Creation Initiatives
In recent years, there is growing demand for appropriate temperature control solutions in various fields including industry, agriculture, livestock, disaster prevention, and healthcare. In response to these market needs, in August 2020, we launched a new far-infrared camera module. This product can sense temperature and translate it into video imaging without the need for a shutter, and has therefore contributed to people's safety
and security, such as in monitoring for nursing and caregiving purposes and nighttime monitoring. In June 2021, we launched an industrial lens that enables wideband photography ranging from visible light to shortwave infrared (SWIR) wavelengths, in various industrial fields, in addition to food inspection and sorting.
       25 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 26
Long-Wave Infrared Camera Modules LW10F series
    
      Strategies by Segment
Mobility & Healthcare Products, Others
We will expand our business operations in the automotive lenses, drone lenses and health care fields, which are all expected to display a high rate of growth, contribute to people's safety, security, and health, and aim for real growth in this segment as a key next-generation pillar of earnings.
Financial Targets for the New Vision23 Mid-Term Management Plan (2021-2023)
Net Sales (Billion yen)
Sales Composition by Application (Automotive Lenses) ■ View Cameras ■ Sensing ■ Lighting
10% 15%
Introduction
Summary of Business Results
Management Strategy
Individual Strategies
Corporate Data Governance
Map of Autonomous Driving Levels
      Automotive Lenses
Related SDGs
    Autonomous Driving Leve
Timing for Practical Application
    ■ Net Sales (Billion yen)   ● Operating Income Margin
Net sales by 2020 category
2023
2.3
2017
2.6
2018
3.5
4.0
Level 1
Driver assistance
Level 2
Partial automation
Level 3
Conditional automation
Level 4
High automation
Level 5
Full automation
Already implemented
Already implemented
Already implemented
2025 - 2030
Timing not set
  60%
   70%
 FY2020 results
2023 mid-term plan
7.5
Automotive Drones Medical DSC / VC Others
 4.0 billion yen
 5.6 billion yen
 0.6 billion yen
 0.7 billion yen
 0.2 billion yen
  0.7 billion yen
 0.8 billion yen
 0.4 billion yen
 0.1 billion yen
 0.1 billion yen
    5.7
 More than 10%
30%
15%
 5.7 billion yen
 7.5 billion yen
 7.1%
 More than 10%
   Net Sales
Lenses segment have been integrated).
* Results shown for FY2020 have been converted to reflect this change.
7.1%
Disclosure segments have been changed as of 2021 (the existing Optical Components Business and Commercial / Industrial-use Optics Business aside from the Surveillance & FA
2019 2020
Product Features
2019 2020
  Operating Income Margin
2020
2023
      Segment  Characteristics
・As our products relate to people’s safety, high levels of durability and heat resistance are required. Because of this, we work with customers for 3-4 years on development, and since sales are made over the long term, it is easier to forecast orders
 Related Social ・Trafic fatalities are increasing in emerging countries.
Issues ・The Japanese government is promoting the widespread adoption of autonomous
driving technologies.
 Mobility & Healthcare Products, Others Initiatives and Future Policy
 In Mobility & Healthcare Products and Others fields, we were able to significantly expand our business scale during the previous mid-term management plan, with net sales in the automotive lenses business growing from 2.6 billion yen in 2018 to 4.0 billion yen in 2020.  Under the new Vison23 mid-term management plan (2021-2023), we will continue to fully grow our existing automotive lenses, drone lenses and health care businesses into a key next-generation pillar of our operations. At the same time, we will expand and enter peripheral markets to these areas as well as new areas such as agriculture, biological observation, robots, and
space-related areas.
 During the term of Vision23 is also the time to create new business domains. Although sales will not increase significantly, we aim to achieve net sales of 7.5 billion yen in 2023 (the final year of the plan), and will seek to contribute to sales in the automotive lenses and health care fields. We also aim to achieve an operating income margin of at least 10% by allocating resources from areas where the market is expected to shrink.
 2020 Overview
Market Situation
Automotive lens unit market outlook
 Trends
 Autonomous Driving-related Market
   In addition to support from legislation, such as requiring all cars to be fitted with cameras, we are in a period of transition to autonomous driving, and a high level of growth in the market is set to continue.
*1: ADAS is the acronym for Advanced Driver Assistance System. It is a collective term for automotive systems that utilize vehicle-equipped radar, cameras and various sensors to provide support enabling safe vehicle operation.
There are growing demands for products catering to sensing
applications and LiDAR to achieve autonomous driving.
*2: LiDAR is the acronym for Light Detection and Ranging. In recent years it has gained attention as a key item for achieving autonomous driving of automobiles, the development of which automotive manufacturers are actively pursuing.
■ Units shipped (Million)   ● Value shipped
238.0
   (Billion yen) 140.3
69.0
188.1 124.5
64.5
  106.5
142.0
  FY2019 FY2020 FY2023 FY2026 results expected forecast forecast
Source: 2021 Imaging & Sensing Market Survey, Fuji Chimera Research Institute
 Initiatives and Future Policies for Each Segment
   Automotive Lenses
Sales of lenses for sensing applications in 2020 remained strong, resulting in a double-digit increase in sales as in the previous fiscal year, contributing to a 1.5x increase in sales over the past three years. Under Vision23, too, we will continue to focus on sales of lenses for sensing applications, and seek to develop new customers.
Drones Lenses
In 2020 we saw a decline in sales as sales from orders
showed sluggish growth. Moving forward, we will seek to expand our business by strengthening our collaborative relationships with customers.
Lenses for Medical Applications
Mass production of optical devices̶which began in 2019̶is now fully on track, and in 2020 we achieved an increase in both sales and profits. Under Vision23 we will steadily grow our existing business operations while at the same time seeking to expand into the health care field.
  27 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 28
2020 Results
Although vehicle sales decreased due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, in Japan, sales of automotive lenses for sensing applications remained strong due to an increase in the percentage of vehicles with ADAS systems installed. As a result, net sales increased by 15% year on year to 4.0 billion
Future Strategy
As the existing trend of growth is expected to continue in 2021, we plan to increase net sales by 6% year on year to 4.3 billion yen. Moving forward, we will continue to accelerate technological development and incorporation of customer
yen. Operating income increased due to higher sales and higher productivity.
 At the same time, overseas sales were affected by an overall decrease in sales opportunities, such as in the shelving or discontinuation of projects, as well as restrictions placed on visit-based sales activities.
needs from a medium- to long-term perspective, with the aim of securing orders and developing new customers, in Europe and the United States, where the market share is particularly large.
     
       Strategies by Segment
Introduction
Summary of Business Results
Net Sales (Billion yen)
■ Drones Lenses ■ Medical
1.3
1.2
0.1
2018 2019 2020
2020 Overview
Market Situation
Management Strategy
Individual Strategies
Corporate Data Governance
・Manufacturers supplying components face relatively low barriers to entry
・Resilient to economic fluctuations
・Improved quality of medical care Medical devices related to minimally invasive procedures*, particularly in medical procedures such as diagnosis, examination and surgery, have started to be introduced.
* Minimally invasive procedures are medical procedures that take a reduced (less invasive) toll on a patient’s body
              0.8
0.2
0.6
Segment  Characteristics
Market Characteristic
Related Social Issues
2020 Results
    Trends
 Medical Device Market
    Product Application
Market Conguration
Related Social Issues
Consumer Use (Filming, enthusiast use) Industrial Use (Transportation, agriculture, surveying, inspection, etc.)
The market is an oligopoly made up of several major companies. Tamron supplies lenses directly to these major drone manufacturers.
・Ensuring distribution in lightly populated areas ・Improving productivity in livestock and agriculture, collecting various observational
data for disaster prevention purposes
Drone market forecast (Million units) (Production volume)
・Due to the advance of extreme population aging and the increase in middle income groups, the market is on track for long- term expansion.
・As a result of global pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, immediate inspection needs in clinical workplaces are increasing.
・The annual growth rate of the medical device market has hovered at around 6% (2015 to 2020)
Future Strategy
We plan to grow the business to a scale of 700 million yen in net sales by 2023. In order to do so, we will work to strengthen investment and elemental technology development to secure new business opportunities while seeking to steadily grow our existing business. We will also aim to enter the diagnostics and
Although our sales activities were restricted due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we worked to build strong co- creative relationships with customers using online approaches. In addition, sales of models for which we began mass production in 2019 grew to a full-scale level, resulting in net sales of 170 million yen, a year on year increase of 183%.
analysis field, with a core focus on the optical, spectroscopy and fluorescence observation technologies that we have cultivated so far.
While consumer market growth is slowing, the market for industrial applications is expected to continue to grow in the future. We will seek to expand the scale of our business by
29 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 30
Sensing Camera Lenses (lane-keeping detection)
Sensing Camera Lenses
(driver monitoring)
★
Rear View Camera Lens (rear view)
4.2
4.0 4.3
4.6
1.3
Lenses for Medical Applications
Related SDGs
 Value Creation Initiatives
In anticipation of the coming autonomous driving-based society, Tamron is working on the development of a range of automotive lenses.
 The lenses used in automotive cameras largely fall into two categories, those for visibility cameras such as rear view cameras, and those for sensing cameras applied to ADAS and autonomous driving to recognize lane markers, monitor the driver and perform other functions. Other automotive lenses include those used for headlights.
 To date, Tamron has supplied lens for applications denoted by the ★ mark in the diagram on the right. Moving forward, we will also focus on developing automotive lenses for new applications towards the realization of an autonomous driving society in the future.
★★
  Headlight Lenses
(light dispersion)
★Sensing Camera Lenses
(vehicle spacing control, front collision avoidance, etc.)
Sensing Camera Lenses
(pedestrian detection, vehicle spacing control, front collision avoidance)
Lens for Cameras that Visually Recognize the Surrounding Area (side view)
Sensing Camera Lenses
(passenger detection)
    1.1
      Drones Lenses
Related SDGs
       Segment  Characteristics
201290年20のOv概erv況iew Market Situation
Future Strategy
FY2019 FY2020 FY2023 FY2026 results expected forecast forecast
Source: 2021 Imaging & Sensing Market Survey, Fuji Chimera Research Institute
      Consumer Use
 Industrial Use
   Growth will be blunted due to turned growth cycle
Expansionary trend
In 2020, net sales decreased by 45% year on year to 600 million yen due to the fact that there were no new mass- produced models and sales from orders for existing models were sluggish.
leveraging our collaborative relationships with major drone manufacturers, technologies developed in the consumer drone market, and know-how and assets from other fields.
2020 Results
 Value Creation Initiatives
We develop a variety of products to meet high-quality health care solutions needs. In the field of optical technology, for example, we are engaged in technical development efforts to achieve higher resolution and miniaturization with minimal invasion. In the fields of spectroscopy and fluorescence observation technology, we are advancing technology developments to more clearly visualize diseased areas and cells that were not visible to the human eye. Through these innovations, we will create one-of-a-kind products and contribute to the development of advanced medical technologies and the improvement of patient Quality of Life (QoL).
    
     Sustainability
Tamron will continue to contribute to the creation of a sustainable and fulfilling society, where people can feel excitement, through the creation of products that solve social issues.
Introduction
Initiative Aimed at Key CSR Issues (ESG)
Management Strategy
Individual Strategies
Corporate Governance
Data
 Key CSR Issues
2020 results 2021/mid-term goals
SDGs
Goal Target
 Contributing to social issues through business Contributed to social issues through each business
Create further new businesses
3.6 Halve the number of deaths from traffic
accidents
9.4 Improve efficiency of
resource utilization
9.5 Promote innovation
 Reducing CO2 emissions
 Reducing CO2 emissions by approximately 11.7% compared with FY2015 levels
CO2 emissions
2021: 3% or more reduction compared
with FY2015 levels
2030: 30% reduction compared with
FY2015 levels
2050: 100% reduction compared with
FY2015 levels
7.3 Improve energy efficiency 13.2 Integrate climate change
measures into strategies
 Recycling resources and reducing waste
(1) Reducing industrial waste emissions:18% reduction year on year
(2) Promoted plastic recycling
Considered reducing plastics in product packaging
Leaks of harmful chemical substances from business locations: 0 incidents
(1) Reducing industrial waste emissions: Reduction year on year
(2) Plastic recycling rate: increase
(1) Reduce bags used for user manuals (2) Standardize components and
equipment
Leaks of harmful chemical substances from business locations: 0 incidents
12.2 Utilize resources efficiently
12.4 Minimize adverse effects
on people’s health and the
environment
12.5 Reduce waste through
recycling
 Environmentally friendly designReducing harmful chemical substancesWater managementWater usage (Tamron Optical (Foshan), China): reduced by 25.6% in comparison with FY2019
Water usage (groupwide): advance activities for reduction of water usage
6.3 Improve water quality 6.4 Improve efficiency of water utilization
 Human resource development
Providing comfortable workplace environments and promoting diversity
(1) Overtime:reduced by 17% year on year (Head Office)
Reduced by 61% year
on year (Aomori)
(2) Mental health check results:
improved year on year
(3) Percentage of female managerial
staff: 11.39%
(4) Percentage of employees with
disabilities 2.24%
(1) Overtime:reduce by 10% year on year (Head Office) Reduce by 10% year
on year (Aomori)
(2) Mental health check results: improve
year on year
(3) Percentage of female managerial
staff: 11%
(4) Percentage of employees with
disabilities 2.3%
(5) Improve employee satisfaction
8.2 Economic productivity 5.5 Women’s leadership
8.5 Equal pay for equal work 10.2 Inclusion of all people
   Fostering the development of the next generationSocial contribution activity costs: 0.7% of previous year's consolidated operating income contributed
Social contribution activity costs: contribute 1% of previous year's consolidated operating income
4.3 Access to technical and vocational education
 Expanding the disclosure of nonfinancial information Expanded and enhanced integrated report, IR site and CSR site
Improve outside evaluations and energize communication
17. Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the global
partnership for sustainable developmentEnhancing product quality and safety management
 Thoroughly applied responses to factors for poor quality across the board
Advance standardization for improving quality, etc.
9.1 Affordable and equitable access to infrastructure
12.4 Minimize adverse effects on people’s health and the environment
 Promoting CSR procurementAdd CSR assessment items to supplier 12.4 Minimize adverse effects Conducted SAQ surveys at all suppliers management indicators on people’s health and the
environment
 Preparing for major disasters
 Reviewed disaster readiness provisions Prevent or minimize disasters 11.b Disaster risk management by performing simulationsInformation management (1) Network infections: 0 (1) Network infections: 0
(2) Personal information leaks: 0 (2) Personal information leaks: 0
11.b Disaster risk managementImproving the governance system(1) Revised Corporate Mission (2) Improved Board of Directors:
implemented 10 items
(1) Instill and ingrain Corporate Mission
(2) Improve Board of Directors: ―
5 strategies   Approach to Sustainability
Based on its Corporate Mission, Tamron aims to increase its corporate value and achieve the realization of a sustainable society. Currently, as indicated by phenomena such as global warming, sustainability crises are growing steadily and progressively more severe. As concerns about social issues̶ such as human rights and labor issues̶become increasingly serious, there are growing expectations for companies to work to resolve social issues. Tamron has identified issues that must be solved to enable sustainable growth for the company and society as key CSR issues.
 The key CSR issues that we have identified are incorporated
Process for Identifying Key CSR Issues
Firstly, we identified social issues surrounding Tamron based on international guidelines. We then assessed the importance of those issues for various stakeholders, and the possibility
into our management strategy, and we set targets for these issues each year as we engage in our corporate activities.
Sustainability System
Tamron has a CSR Committee that makes decisions on important matters relating to CSR management and checks progress in relation to various targets. Members of senior management gather to hold discussions overseen by the chairperson, who is Tamron's president. Details of the state of progress with regard to targets are reported on a quarterly basis, and decisions are made with regard to important matters relating to CSR.
and potential impact of any risks. After considering the validity of the results of our assessment, we identified key CSR issues and submitted them for final decision making by the CSR Committee.The process for identifying key CSR issuesSTEP1 Identify social issues
    STEP
STEP
3
2
Identify key CSR issues and revise
the CSR themes
Technical Information
Environment
Human resources/ human rights
P35-36
P32
P32、44
P32
P32 P32 P32、33 P39-40
Assess the degree of importance for each issue, and consider its appropriateness
  Materiality
Key CSR Issues
Relevant Page in this Report
Website*
 Creating emotion and reassurance, creating new light
Contributing to social issues through business
P23-30Reducing CO2 emissions
 Contributing to a sustainable earth (E)
Recycling resources and reducing waste Reducing industrial waste
 Environmentally friendly design
 Reducing harmful chemical substances
 Water management
  Employee empowerment (S)
Human resource development (improved productivity)
 Providing comfortable workplace environments and promoting diversity
 Fostering the development of the next generation
  Expanding the disclosure of non- financial information
 Developing the foundations of trust and sustained growth (G)
Enhancing product quality and safety management
 Promoting CSR procurement
 Preparing for major disasters
 Enhancing internal reporting systems
 Improving the governance systemP33-34 P32、43 P32、33 P32、33 P32、33 P35-36
           High
Importance to Tamron
Social contributions External Recognition
Quality and Product Safety
CSR Procurement
Risk (crisis management) Compliance
Corporate governance
            31 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 32

To build a fulfilling society, Tamron formulated Environmental Vision 2050, which outlines the long-term direction of Tamron’s environmental initiatives.

Tamron has formulated the Environment Vision 2050 to help create a fulfilling society where all people can live lively and energetic lives, with consideration for recent trends in climate change caused by global warming.

Climate Change-Related
Information Disclosure(TCFD)
Governance
We recognize climate change as one of our key management issues. The CSR Committee, which is chaired by the president, deliberates and makes decisions about Tamron’s basic policy on risk response and other important matters. Systems are in place to report important matters to the Board of Directors to enable suitable supervision. Information decided on by the CSR Committee is also reflected in management plans.
Risk Management
We analyze risks and opportunities affecting our sustainable growth in terms of management and financial impact to identify key risks and opportunities. Identified risks and opportunities are incorporated into our management plan, and translated into the activities of each division.

We have set CO2 emissions̶which account for 98% of our greenhouse gas emissions̶as one of our key climate change indicators, and aim to reduce CO2 emissions to zero by 2050. In order to achieve this, we have set the goal of reducing emissions by 30% in comparison with 2015 levels by 2030, and we are setting targets every year as we work toward this goal. If efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions continue at the current level, emissions will be reduced by approximately 22,000 t-CO2.

Strategic Scenario Analysis
When climate change becomes apparent, social issues will develop, and as these progress to economic effects, business risks and opportunities will emerge. Tamron conducted a scenario analysis* and recognized the following risks and opportunities.

Approach to Energy Saving and
Renewable Energy
In performing corporate activities, even if it is possible to reduce existing power usage by saving energy, if facilities are increased by automation, etc., then power consumption will increase, and greenhouse gas emissions will also increase as a result. We will work to reduce CO2 emissions through energy-saving activities such as improving productivity in our daily operations and introducing highly efficient air conditioning equipment. Additionally, in order to decarbonize our required energy, we are advancing the introduction of in-house renewable energy power generation and the purchase of renewable energy certificates.
State of Achievement of Reducing
CO2 Emissions in 2020
In order to achieve the goals of our Environment Vision 2050, we set the target of reducing CO2 emissions by 2% in comparison with 2015 levels in 2020. As a result, we achieved the target with a significantly greater reduction of 11.7%. While the reduction in power usage due to the shutdown of plants due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic was a major factor in achieving this, energy saving by replacing chillers at head office and renewable energy measures such as in-house solar power generation at Tamron Optical (Foshan) in China were also effective in reducing CO2 emissions.

In 2020, head office significantly reduced power consumption by replacing air conditioning heat source equipment. Although energy-saving heat pump chillers were already in use, we have now introduced new high-efficiency modules. Additionally, by tuning equipment according to load, we were able to achieve a more than 60% reduction in power consumption in comparison with previous levels. Annually, this will equate to a reduction of approximately 274t-CO2 , accounting for approximately 12% of head office CO2 emissions. In 2021, we will begin replacing our office air conditioners to further reduce CO2 emissions.
Renewable-Energy Initiatives
In 2017, Tamron Optical (Foshan) in China began installing solar power generation systems. Initially, emissions were reduced by around 180t-CO2 per year, but as a result of an expansion of facilities emissions were reduced by around 280t- CO2 last year. Further expansion is expected to reduce emissions by approximately 500t-CO2 in 2021, around 2% of all emissions at the Foshan plant. In Japan, we began considerations for purchasing renewable energy certificates at our head office.

Basic Approach
To realize our corporate philosophy, it is necessary to build an organization in which each employee can demonstrate their full potential while striving to boost productivity. To build an organization where employees can play an active role, Tamron is making efforts to improve the workplace environment, such as by promoting a sound work-life balance, diversity, and health and productivity management. Additionally, we will provide opportunities for employees to develop and demonstrate their abilities with respect for diversity, and aim to be a company where employees can have a global perspective, value teamwork, and demonstrate creativity.
Strengthening the Potential of
Human Resources
Human Resources Development through the Post Qualification System
Tamron has introduced a Post Qualification System for employees in management roles.
 The Post Qualification System determines grades and compensation based on positional classifications (positions) according to the level of responsibility and difficulty to be fulfilled as required by management, irrespective of seniority or ability.  We develop human resources through a process of encouraging employees to set goals for themselves that include challenges and creative ingenuity appropriate for their roles, forming agreements with their supervisors, and evaluating them at the end of the year. In this way, supervisors support the growth of their subordinates every day while maximizing their abilities.  Employees who have developed a certain level of occupational skills are offered two career tracks under the Post Qualification System, the “manager course” or “professional course.” In this way, each employee can attain a working style that fits their aptitude and intentions.

Employee Empowerment
Improving Productivity
Tamron is aiming to improve the speed and quality of its operations based on a policy of working one hour less but achieving more than before. We consider this to be the key to making progress in the way human beings work.
 In order to encourage creative ingenuity in our work, we operate schemes (such as the president's award and improvement proposal system) that commend employees for making good proposals.
 In 2019 we introduced RPA*, which is helping to improve productivity by automating our routine operations.
*RPA: Robotic Process Automation

So that we can grow sustainably as a company and contribute to a sustainable society with the aim of realizing our Corporate Mission, which was revised in November 2020, we believe that it is crucial for each and every employee of the Tamron Group, including its overseas subsidiaries, to understand and empathize with the Corporate Mission̶that our business opportunities lie in solving social issues by creating emotion and reassurance̶and link that understanding and empathy on to their own actions.

An employee survey conducted in December 2020 found that 96% of employees empathized with our new Corporate Mission.  In November 2020, we called on all employees to suggest ideas for new products and new businesses, for the special President's Commendation project to commemorate the 70th anniversary of our founding, with the goal of discovering new businesses that are essential for the sustainable growth of our company. As a result we received more than 500 applications, and are now considering several good ideas for actualization into real business operations. Looking ahead, we will continue to consider initiatives making effective use of the diverse abilities of our employees.

Creating an Easy-to-Work Workplace Environment
Towards Achieving Diversity
To achieve future growth, Tamron needs a diverse range of human resources who can create new emotion and reassurance in society. For this reason, we are engaged in a range of initiatives to achieve a sound work-life balance so that employees can play as much of an active role as possible without making excessive efforts.

Promoting Flexible Workstyles
In 2020, we reviewed the way in which we work as we tackled the challenges of preventing infections in the face of the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic. We commenced the flexible operation of a home-based telework scheme, introduced staggered working hours, utilized video conferencing systems and reviewed our operations in general, advancing the introduction of virtual and digitized technologies aimed at improving productivity. During the state of emergency declared by the Japanese government between April and May 2020, approximately 40–50% of our employees worked from home.  Moreover, since April 2021, we have improved upon our existing flextime system, allowing employees to set daily working hours according to their preferred work and private hours, under the condition that they work 4 hours of core time and meet the number of prescribed working hours per month. This has enabled us to work more flexibly.

Tamron Kids Day-Care Center has been established at the same location as our head office, and is available to the local community as well as employees. One hundred percent of female Tamron employees in Japan who have had a child have made use of maternity leave before and after childbirth and the parental leave system, and subsequently returned to work.

Health and Productivity Management
Tamron is working to create a workplace in which employees can work with good physical and mental health and job satisfaction.
 As an initiative for improving mental and physical health, mental health checks are conducted twice a year for all employees (the response rate in August 2020 was 97%). Our health check results identify issues in terms of manage- ment, workplace unity and job satisfaction, and we brief the Management Meeting based on a report compiled each time, and endeavor to make
improvements. In recognition of these efforts, Tamron was certified under the 2021 Certi- fied Health & Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program (Major Corporation Category).

Management Structure (As of March 26, 2021) Board of Directors
Introduction Management Strategy
Senior Managing Director
Yasuki Kitazume
Administrative Management Unit, Internal Control
and Risk Management
Individual Strategies
Corporate Data Governance
Managing Director
Hiroshi Otsuka
Corporate Business Planning & Administration Board, Legal & IP Management Board, CSR Implementation & Administration and
Investors Relations
  President & CEO
Shiro Ajisaka
Member of Nominating Committee
and Member of Compensation Committee
Corporate Vice President
Shogo Sakuraba
Optical Design & Engineering R&D Unit,
Integrated Core Technology R&D Unit and Opto-Science R&D Center
Corporate Vice Presiden
Masayuki Abo
Production Management & Administration Unit,
Core Technology & Engineering R&D Unit
Senior Managing Director
Koji Masunari
Industrial Optics Business Unit and Compliance
       April 1978 April 1990 January 2005
January 2008
March 2010 March 2013 March 2014 March 2015 March 2016
Joined Tamron Co., Ltd.
President, TAMRON Europe GmbH.
Executive Officer, General Manager, Overseas Sales & Marketing Unit, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Senior Executive Officer, General Manager, Overseas Imaging Products Business Unit, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Director, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Managing Director, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Senior Managing Director, Tamron Co., Ltd. Corporate Vice President, Tamron Co., Ltd. President & CEO, Tamron Co., Ltd. (current post)
April 1981 January 2005
January 2008
March 2014 March 2016
Director
Joined Tamron Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer, General Manager, Optical Design & Engineering R & D Unit, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Senior Executive Officer, General Manager, Optical Design & Engineering R & D Unit, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Director, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Corporate Vice President, Tamron Co., Ltd. (current post)
March 1971 August 1999 January 2005
January 2007
January 2008
January 2011
March 2014 March 2016 March 2018
Director
Joined Tamron Co., Ltd.
Managing Director, TAMRON OPTICAL (FOSHAN) CO., LTD. Executive Officer, Assistant General Manager,
Production Management & Administration Unit,
Tamron Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer, General Manager,
Industrial Optics Business Unit, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Senior Executive Officer, General Manager,
Industrial Optics Business Unit, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Senior Executive Officer, General Manager, Process Technology & Engineering Unit, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Director, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Senior Managing Director, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Corporate Vice President, Tamron Co., Ltd. (current post)
April 1978 April 2012
April 2014
March 2015 March 2016 March 2021
Joined Tamron Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer, General Manager, Industrial Optics Business Unit, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Senior Executive Officer, General Manager, Industrial Optics Business Unit,
Tamron Co., Ltd.
Director, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Managing Director, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Senior Managing Director, Tamron Co., Ltd. (current post)
November 2003 January 2007
April 2010
March 2016 March 2018 March 2021
Joined Tamron Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer, General Manager, Accounting & Financial Management Unit, Tamron Co., Ltd. Senior Executive Officer, General Manager, Accounting & Financial Management Unit, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Director, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Managing Director, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Senior Managing Director, Tamron Co., Ltd. (current post)
June 2006 April 2010
January 2015
April 2015
March 2016 March 2020
Joined Tamron Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer, General Manager, Technology Development Strategic Planning Board,
General Manager,
Legal & IP Management Board, Tamron Co., Ltd. Executive Officer, General Manager, Corporate Business Planning & Administration Board, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Senior Executive Officer, General Manager, Corporate Business Planning & Administration Board, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Director, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Managing Director, Tamron Co., Ltd.
(current post)
 Managing Director
Shenghai Zhang
Mold & Tooling Technology Center
and overseas manufacturing subsidiaries
Makoto Otani
OEM Component Business Unit and Quality Control & Assurance Supervision Unit
Tomohide Okayasu
Imaging Products Business Unit and Product Development Management & Administration Unit
Director
(Outside Director, Independent Officer)
Yuichi Sato
Chairperson of Nominating Committee
and member of Compensation Committee
Director
(Outside Director, Independent Officer)
Harumi Katagiri
Member of Nominating Committee and chairperson of Compensation Committee
Supervisory officer at MORI TRUST Sogo Reit, Inc.
Outside director at Japan Asia Investment Co., Ltd.
Director
(Outside, Independent Officer)
Eriko Ishii
Member of Nominating Committee
and Member of Compensation Committee
Outside director of Sophia Holdings Co., Ltd.,
Supervisory Director of Canadian Solar Infrastructure Fund, Inc.
      January 1997 April 2010
April 2014
March 2016 March 2020
Joined Tamron Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer, Tamron Co., Ltd., Managing Director,
TAMRON OPTICAL (FOSHAN) CO., LTD. Senior Executive Officer,
Tamron Co., Ltd., Managing Director, TAMRON OPTICAL (FOSHAN) CO., LTD. Director, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Managing Director, Tamron Co., Ltd.
(current post)
April 1984 April 2012
March 2015 April 2016 March 2018
Joined Tamron Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer, General Manager,
OEM Component Business Unit,
Tamron Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer, General Manager,
Industrial Optics Business Unit, Tamron Co., Ltd. Senior Executive Officer, General Manager, Industrial Optics Business Unit, Tamron Co., Ltd. Director, Tamron Co., Ltd. (current post)
December 2000 April 2012
January 2014
April 2016 April 2017
March 2018
Joined Tamron Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer, General Manager,
Product Development Management & Administration Unit, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Executive Officer, General Manager,
Imaging Products Business Unit, Tamron Co., Ltd. Senior Executive Officer, Tamron Co., Ltd.
Senior Executive Officer,
Tamron Co., Ltd. Vice Chairman,
TAMRON USA, INC.
Director, Tamron Co., Ltd. (current post)
April 1978 January 1980 April 1983 April 1994 April 2010 April 2013 April 2014
March 2018
Joined Tokyo Shibaura Electric Co., Ltd. (now Toshiba Corporation)
Assistant, School of Engineering, Tokyo Institute of Technology
Assistant Professor, Faculty of Engineering, Saitama University
Professor, Faculty of Engineering,
Saitama University
Dean, Faculty of Engineering,
Saitama University
Dean, Graduate School of Science and Engineering, Saitama University Executive Director, Vice President, Saitama University National University Corporation
Outside Director, the Company (current post)
November 1993 April 1998
March 2000
July 2009 July 2017
March 2018 June 2019
June 2019
Joined Asahi & Co. (now KPMG AZSA LLC) Registered as a certified public accountant in Japan
Joined Century Audit Corporation
(now Ernst & Young ShinNihon LLC)
Member of Ernst & Young Shin Nihon LLC Opened the Harumi Katagiri certified public accountants’ office (current post)
Outside Director, the Company (current post) Supervisory Director, Mori Trust Sogo Reit, Inc. (current post)
Outside Director, Japan Asia Investment Company, Limited (current post)
October 2004 October 2004 February 2011
April 2016
July 2016 June 2018
May 2019 March 2021
Registered as an attorney (current post) Joined Mori Hamada & Matsumoto LPC Registered as an attorney in the State of New York
Part-time lecturer of Keio University Law School (current post)
Partner of Shin Saiwai Law Office (current post) Outside director of Sophia Holdings Co., Ltd. (current post)
Supervisory Director of Canadian Solar Infrastructure Fund, Inc. (current post) Outside Director, the Company (current post)Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Full-Time Corporate Auditor
Tsutomu Tezuka
Member of Nominating Committee
and member of Compensation Committee
Activities of Outside Officer
 Classification
Name
Activities in 2020 (Attendance Rate)
DirectorYuichi SatoAttended all 19 meetings of the Board of Directors held during the fiscal year. He has made appropriate remarks based on his wealth of experience as a director and vice president of Saitama University.DirectorHarumi KatagiriAttended all 19 meetings of the Board of Directors held during the fiscal year. She has made appropriate remarks based on her professional knowledge and experience as a certified public accountant.Corporate Auditor
Takashi Hirayama
He attended all 19 Board of Directors meetings and all 15 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings held during the fiscal year. He has made appropriate remarks based on his wealth of business experience at financial institutions and the knowledge and experience of auditors and audit departments of other companies.Corporate AuditorTadahiro ToneHe attended all 19 Board of Directors meetings and all 15 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings held during the fiscal year. He makes comments as appropriate based on his wealth of business experience at financial institutions and his knowledge and experience as a corporate manager.Corporate AuditorMasaya NaraHe attended all 19 Board of Directors meetings and all 15 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings held during the fiscal year. He has made appropriate remarks based on his professional knowledge and experience as a lawyer and his knowledge and experience as directors and corporate auditors of other companies.Full-Time Corporate Auditor (Outside Corporate Auditor, Independent Officer)
Takashi Hirayama
Member of Nominating Committee
and member of Compensation Committee
Corporate Auditor (Outside Corporate Auditor)
Tadahiro Tone
Chairman of Saitama Kenmin Kyosai Outside director of Great East Japan Earthquake Business Revitalization Support Organization
Corporate Auditor
(Outside Corporate Auditor, Independent Officer)
Masaya Nara
Attorney (Partner of Torikai Law Office)
    April 1981 January 2008
March 2014 April 2014
January 2018 January 2019 March 2019
Joined the Company
General Manager of Internal Audit &
Supervision Board of the Company
General Manager of Human Resources &
General Affairs Management Unit of the Company Executive Officer, General Manager of Human Resources & General Affairs Management Unit
of the Company
Executive Officer, General Manager of Legal &
IP Management Board of the Company
Executive Officer, Assistant to the President of
the Company
Corporate Auditor of the Company (current post)
April 1980
June 2005 January 2008
June 2010 May 2011
October 2015 March 2019
Joined the Saitama Bank, Ltd.
(the present Saitama Resona Bank, Ltd.) Executive Officer, Saitama Resona Bank, Ltd. Managing Executive Officer in charge of
finance and IPO preparation of AGS Corporation Corporate Auditor of AGS Business
Computer Corporation
General Manager of Information Processing Division, Managing Executive Officer of
AGS Corporation
Managing Executive Officer in charge of operational audits of AGS Corporation Independent Corporate Auditor of the Company
April 1969
August 2002 October 2003
June 2006 April 2010 March 2011
October 2014 June 2015
Joined the Saitama Bank, Ltd.
(the present Saitama Resona Bank, Ltd.)
President of Saitama Resona Bank, Ltd.
President, RepresentativeDirector of
Saitama Resona Bank, Ltd.
Chairman of Saitama Resona Bank, Ltd. Chancellor of Saitama Prefectural University Independent Corporate Auditor of the Company (current post)
Charman of Saitama Kenmin Kyosai (current post) Outside director of Great East Japan Earthquake Business Revitalization Support Organization (current post)
September 1990 April 2009
June 2011
April 2014
January 2017 March 2019
January 2020
Joined Yasuda Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
(the present Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.) Executive officer, General Manager of Investment Planning Division of Mizuho
Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Full-time corporate auditor of Mizuho Trust
& Banking Co., Ltd.
Senior managing director of Mizuho
Realty Co., Ltd.
Registered as an attorney
Independent Corporate Auditor of
the Company (current post)
Partner of Torikai Law Office (current post)
37 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 38
(current post)
* Outside Director Eriko Ishii was appointed in March 2021, and her activities are therefore not listed.
      Corporate Governance
Introduction Management Strategy
Board of Directors Effectiveness Assessment
To self-assess the overall effectiveness of the Board of Directors, each year Tamron makes revisions to pertinent questions based on external changes such as corporate governance revisions and Tamron’s own governance measures, surveys all directors and corporate auditors by way of a questionnaire, and accepts indi-
Individual Corporate Data Strategies Governance
vidual opinions as needed.
 Based on the results of the assessment, the Board of Directors deliberates over analysis, assessment and improvement mea- sures, makes revisions to matters including the composition, size, compensation system and operating methods of the Board.
 Basic Policy
Based on its new corporate mission to "create emotion and reassurance through its mastery of light, contributing to the realization of a fulfilling society," Tamron aims to build good relationships with all stakeholders to achieve sustainable growth and improve corporate value.
 In support of those goals, we have adopted the basic approach of ensuring fair and transparent management practices while developing a highly effective corporate governance system that seeks to improve the speed and efficiency of decision making and business execution.
Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
Through the continual improvements to our corporate governance system, we implemented all of the principles found in the Corporate Governance Code prescribed by the Tokyo Stock Exchange. We have also established Corporate
System Overview
Tamron is a company with corporate auditors and includes a Board of Directors that functions as a body to make important decisions and supervise the execution of operations, as well as an Audit & Supervisory Board as an auditing body that is independent of the Board of Directors. Tamron also appoints multiple independent outside directors possessing a wealth of knowledge, expertise and independence and has set up a Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee as advisory bodies to enhance supervisory functions.
  To the Board of Directors, Tamron appoints 12 directors (three of whom are outside directors), including one foreign director and two female directors, as well as 4 corporate auditors (three of whom are outside auditors).
Governance Guidelines that summarize our approach to corporate governance. The guidelines are available on the Tamron website.
Election/ dismissal
Major Initiatives to Enhance Corporate Governance and Progress on Improvements
 Category
2016
 2017
2018
  2019
2020
 2021
 Officer Composition and Compensation
   ・Established a Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee
・Appointed a foreign national as a director
   ・Considered the size and composition of the Board of Directors
・Established standards concerning the independence of outside officers
     ・Reduced the number of directors by three ・Appointed a female
director ・Revised the
compensation system and introduced a stock compensation scheme
     ・Considered the size and composition of the Board of Directors
   ・Reduced the number of directors by one
     ・Increase of one outside director
   Other
   ・Began effectiveness assessment by conducting a questionnaire among officers
  ・Considered compliance with items of the Corporate Governance Code not yet in compliance
     ・Reduced the number of Board of Directors meetings
・Complied with all principles of the Corporate Governance Code
・Established Corporate Governance Guidelines
   ・Increased opportunities for medium-to- longterm discussion
・Improved methods and timing for providing materials in advance
   ・Revision to the Corporate Mission
・Formulation of a long-term vision
    ・Reduction of cross-shareholdings
   Corporate Governance Structure
Officer Compensation
Compensation for company officers at Tamron comprises “basic compensation,” which is a form of fixed compensation, “short- term incentive compensation,” which is a kind of performance- linked monetary compensation based on factors such as business performance in a single fiscal year, and “medium-to- long-term incentive compensation,” as a kind of performance- linked stock-based compensation. As well as linking a consider- able percentage of compensation to company performance, the
Compensation System
 General Meeting of Shareholders
 Accounting Auditor
Audit
     Nominating Committee
 Board of Directors (Directors and External Directors)
 Compensation Committee
      CSR Committee Compliance Committee
President & CEO
Management Meeting
  Each department/subsidiary
Coordination
Internal Audit
 Internal Audit Supervision Board
  Election/ dismissal
Audit
Election/ dismissal
Coordination Coordination
performance-linked stock-based compensation aims to clarify the links between business performance, share prices and the compensation of directors, and raise the motivation of directors to contribute to medium-to-long-term improvement in business performance and corporate value. Compensation for external directors and corporate auditors consists only of the basic compensation.
 Board of Auditors
(Corporate Auditors and Independent Auditors)
      Types of Compensation
Percentage
Policy and Process for Determining the Method of Calculation
Fixed
 Basic Compensation (Monetary compensation)
 Approx. 60%
 In light of each person’s position, level of contribution, levels in the industry or other companies of the same size and business performance, etc., compensation is determined by the Board of Directors following a review by the Compensation Committee chaired by an external director.
 Variable
 Short-term Incentive Compensation (Monetary compensation)
     Approx. 20%
   Medium-to-long Term Incentive Compensation (Stock-based compensation)
     Approx. 20%
   • Points are granted based to each person’s position, business performance, and so on, in accordance with the Share Issuance Regulations established by the Board of Directors. Stocks in Tamron are issued through a trust based on the number of points.
• The level of medium-term management plan achievement such as ROE is also assessed.
     Assessment Indicators, etc.
 Assessment Item
Assessment Indicator
Assessment Weighting
 President
Directors assigned to business units
Other directors
Company-wide performance
Consolidated net sales
 20%
 70%
10%
70%
15%
70%
Consolidated operating income
   50%
   25%
  30%
 Performance of assigned business units
 Assessment of business performance
-
   35%
  25%
 Individual assessment
   Assessment of individual strategic goals
 30%
       Assessment Item
 Board of Directors
Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee
To enhance the independence and objectiveness of Board of Directors functions concerning the nomination, appointment and dismissal of directors, we have established a Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee, each of which are chaired by an outside director and whose membership comprises a majority of outside officers (outside directors and corporate auditors).
Management Meetings
Tamron has established management meetings attended by directors and full-time corporate auditors to discuss and consider issues related to management and the execution of duties, and to quickly respond to the changing management environment.
Meetings of the Board of Directors are held once a month, in principle, attended by all Directors and Corporate Auditors, for reviewing the execution of duties by the Directors and deciding on important issues as set forth in the basic policy of the company and the Companies Act.
Audit & Supervisory Board
Meeting once a month in principle, the Audit & Supervisory Board audits the process of decision making by the Board of Directors and the execution of duties by Directors, by attending the Board of Directors meetings and checking approval documents.
All directors
* Assessment of medium-term business performance
     39 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 40
* Assessment of business performance in a single fiscal year
Company-wide performance
Assessment Indicator
Consolidated net sales
Consolidated operating income
Assessment Weighting
 20%
  50%
  ROE
30%
   
      Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Inventories
BPS
Dividend Payout Ratio
R&D expenses on net sales
8,109
1,238.45
37.2%
3,292
5.8%
9,007
1,316.33
36.1%
3,257
5.6%
12,363
1,486.52
35.2%
3,182
5.4%
11,055
1,715.37
42.9%
3,440
4.7%
3,846
69,906
10,536
1,894.14
35.7%
3,812
5.0%
Introduction
Management Strategy
Individual Strategies
Corporate Data Governance
 Financial Highlights
Status of Profit and Loss
Net sales Operating income Ordinary income
Financial Position
Net assets
Cash and deposits
Liabilities with interests
Status of Cash Flow
Cash flows from operating activities
Free cash flow
Per-Share Information (yen)
EPS
Dividend
Major Indicators
Gross profit on net sales
EBITDA Margin
2010
56,650 5,456 5,476
33,996 10,996 6,528
3,562 553
134.40 50
33.5% 15.4%
2011
58,507 5,687 5,702
36,134 12,773 6,330
8,030 3,351
138.61 50
33.5% 15.3% 10.9% 69.6%
1.8 1.4
4,386 3,304
6.6%
2012
64,353 5,503 5,377
40,805 10,822 5,475
3,736
(88) 3,561
2015 2016
71,946 59,903 4,554 2,361 5,140 2,855
49,001 47,321 14,192 16,030 4,035 4,063
6,214 6,537 3,662 3,997
153.98 57.19 60 55
31.5% 31.6% 11.4% 9.6% 8.0% 3.1% 74.2% 77.7% 2.1 2.0 1.2 1.1
2,478 2,484 4,052 4,002
  EBITDA
Profit attributable to owners of parent
18,958
8,749
3,689
19,625
8,944
3,804
20,545
8,685
3,894
2013
68,452 5,233 5,196
47,087 14,297 5,714
2014
73,621 6,076 6,200
51,995 15,915 4,098
6,208 3,856
140.14 50
32.0% 13.4% 7.8% 74.4% 1.7 1.3
2,429 3,699
EPS(Unit: yen)
109.51 57.19
2017
60,496 4,246 4,100
49,940 19,431 3,145
7,661 5,487
109.51 50
34.0% 12.9% 5.8% 78.2% 2.1 1.3
2,425 4,111
2018
2019
63,285 6,982 7,403
54,539 28,384 2,643
10,925 8,062
207.13 68
38.3% 15.2% 10.1% 78.7%
1.8 1.2
3,171 5,263
               20,941
8,674
3,197
23,568
9,888
22,642
8,209
4,048
66,035
12,875
1,890.45
39.0%
3,654
5.6%
18,901
5,726
1,482
60,910
10,100
1,825.62
96.2%
3,365
6.7%
20,596
7,808
63,868
10,473
1,926.65
45.7%
3,562
6.8%
21,905
8,588
4,330
64,704
10,811
1,976.05
35.8%
3,164
7.1%
24,229
9,649
5,330
Million yen
2020
 Gross profit
48,375
18,370
3,575
6,378
3,750
1,958
                       Total assets
50,120
51,898
58,058
64,704
2,838
   69,297
9,388
                        9,602
61,815 5,424 5,877
50,852 22,438 2,998
7,523 5,321
167.80 60
35.4% 13.9% 8.6% 78.6% 2.1 0.8
2,047 4,373
             2,119.33
32.8%
             Operating Income Margin
Ordinary Income Margin
ROA
D/E Ratio (times)
PER (times)
9.6%
9.7%
11.2%
0.19
12.6
9.7%
9.7%
11.2%
0.18
13.4
8.6%
8.4%
9.8%
0.13
17.2
7.6%
7.6%
8.5%
0.12
21.9
8.3%
8.4%
9.2%
0.08
17.0
6.3%
7.1%
7.6%
0.08
14.6
3.9%
4.8%
4.5%
0.09
33.9
7.0%
6.8%
6.6%
0.06
22.1
8.8%
9.5%
9.1%
0.06
9.4
11.0%
11.7%
11.0%
0.05
12.2
38.0%
7.4%
13.2%
7.8%
3.9%
5.9%
78.7%
0.05
2.1
20.6
0.8
 ROE 11.0%
Shareholders' equity ratio 67.8%
Inventory turnover (months) 1.7
PBR (times) 1.4
Capital Investment, Depreciation and R&D Expenses
Capital investment 3,102
R&D expenses 3,292 * EBITDA = Operating income + Depreciation
ROE ROA
141.86 50
31.9% 13.5% 10.1% 70.3%
2.3 1.6
3,656 3,492
9.1%
116.48 50
30.6% 12.7% 7.3% 72.8% 1.9 1.5
6,130 3,217
5.9%
BPS(Unit: yen) 1,825.62
                        3.1%
8.6%
4,687
88.83
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
41 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 42
10.1%
167.80
1,926.65
3.9%
4.5%
11.0%
207.13
1,976.05
2,119.33
2,195.71
2,666
8.3%
45,777
58,190
21,417
8,604
2,200
  Cash flows from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
(3,008)
(890)
(4,679)
(1,486)
(3,824)
(2,363)
(6,041)
(1,324)
(2,351)
(3,009)
(2,552)
(5,219)
(2,540)
(1,524)
(2,174)
(2,351)
(2,202)
(1,861)
(2,863)
(1,923)
7,554
(12,334)
(4,780)
(2,112)
              88.83
2,195.71
56.3%
4,687
9.7%
50
              Depreciation
2,734
2,803
                     5.8%
Please see our website for consolidated financial result. https://www.tamron.com/ir/library/library_02.html

      Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
Non-Financial Highlights
Tamron strives to be a company that limits its impact on the environment and is highly  productive, where a diverse range of human resources can succeed.
2021
Sompo Sustainability Index
SOMPO Asset Management
SOMPO Sustainability Index
S&P Dow Jones Indices, Japan Exchange Group
S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index
Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry
2021 Certified Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organizations Recognition
(Major Corporation Category)
Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare
Kurumin Mark
Nihon Keizai Shimbun
Nikkei Smart Work Management Survey: 3 Stars
Nikkei Keizai Shimbun
Nikkei SDGs Management Survey: 4 stars
Toyo Keizai
TOYOKEIZAI CSR Ranking: AAA
Saitama Prefecture
Sai-no-Kuni Plant
Saitama City
Leading-edge Companies Certification
The SOMPO Sustainability Index is a index consisting of about 300 stocks with excellent ESG. Tamron has been selected for investment by the fund since 2012.
An index that focuses on the state of environmental information disclosure and carbon efficiency levels to determine weightings among the companies that make up the index. Tamron is included as one of the companies making up the index.
The program aims to promote health and productivity management by selecting enterprises engaged in outstanding health and productivity management and introducing them to investors that emphasize improvements to corporate value from a long- term perspective. Tamron was certified as a 2021 Health & Productivity Management Outstanding Organization in the Major Corporation category.
The Kurumin Mark is a program under the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children to certify childcare supporting companies that have passed a review that includes items on the development of an environment conducive to taking childcare leave and support for balancing work with childcare. Tamron has been certified for the Kurumin Mark since 2015.
The survey examines companies in four areas, namely “human resources,” “innovation,” “market development,” as well as the “management fundamentals” required for the sustainable development of a company. Tamron received a 3-star rating in 2020.
The SDGs Management Survey assesses companies across four categories, namely SDGs strategy and economic value, social value, environmental value and governance, and examines how this translates into enhanced corporate value through contributions to problem solving and enhanced governance. Tamron received a 4-star rating in 2020.
The rating scheme evaluates companies on 16 major items across the four areas of human resource utilization, environment, corporate governance and social performance. In 2020 Tamron received a AAA ranking.
The scheme designates plants exhibiting exceptional technical and environmental achievements as partners in the development of a richer Saitama Prefecture. Tamron has been designated since 2007.
The scheme to certify companies developing research and development-oriented production exhibiting superior creativity and innovation in Saitama City. Tamron has been certified since 2009.
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 44
Introduction
External Recognition
Management Strategy
Individual Strategies
Corporate Data Governance
   Certification Marks
Name
Overview of Recognition
CO2 Emissions(t-CO2)
■ Head office ■ Aomori Factory 
■ Foshan Factory ■ Vietnam Factory
Waste Volume and Recycling Rate(t)
■ Head office ■ Aomori Factory ■ Foshan Factory 
■ Vietnam Factory ● Industrial Waste Recycling Rate (Japan)
  42,432
2016
44,114 43,492 43,247
2017 2018 2019
40,451
2020
1,933 2,052
1,946 1,990 97.4% 97.6%
2018 2019
      CO2 emissions fell 6.5% year on year, and 11.7% in comparison with 2015, the baseline year for Tamron's Environment Vision 2050.
To achieve carbon neutrality, we are making thorough energy saving efforts and also pushing ahead with the introduction of renewable energy.
Total waste volume decreased by 18% year on year, and the industrial waste recycling rate in Japan was 97.4%.
Waste plastics were reduced due to improvements in process methods, and 3Rs were promoted through measures including the reuse of recycled materials for components.
Employment Rate for Disabled Persons
98.6%
98.2%
1,623 97.4%
2020
  2016 2017
 Percentage of Female Managerial Staff
    10.66%
10.18%
10.85% 10.04%
11.39%
2.31% 2.15%
2.24%
2.56%
2.49%
 2016 2017
2018 2019
2020
2016 2017 2018
2019 2020
The percentage of female managerial staff in 2020 was 11.39%. (The percentage among female employees in Japan is 20%.) We will continue to appropriately evaluate talented employees regardless of gender and appoint them as managerial staff accordingly.
In 2020, the rate was 2.24%.
Tamron will continue to develop a comfortable working environment for a diverse range of people.
 * In Japan: section manager and higher
Net Sales per Employee (Million yen)
12.9 12.8 13.1
* Japan
Operating Income per Employee (Million yen) 1.4
̶
    11.3
2016
11.1
2020
1.1
     0.9
2017
0.8
    2017 2018 2019
0.4
2016
2018 2019 2020
This figure fell by 15% year on year to 11.1 million yen.
Net sales per employee decreased by 15% as sales decreased significantly by 24% year on year, due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.
* Calculated based on the average number of employees at the end of the previous period and end of the period under review.
Please see our website. https://www.tamron.com/csr/ 43 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
This figure fell by 45% year on year to 0.8 million yen.
Despite a significant impact of the decrease in operating income, we maintained a certain level of profit margin due to the recent successful transformation to a more profit-oriented business structure.
* Calculated based on the average number of employees at the end of the previous period and end of the period under review.
 
      Company Profile / Shareholder Information As of December 31, 2020
Introduction Management Individual Corporate Data Strategy Strategies Governance
Group Network
To ensure that it can respond flexibly to the needs of customers, Tamron has developed a global structure engaged in everything from R&D to planning, design, manufacturing, sales and customer support.
  Head Office
Tamron Co., Ltd.
1385 Hasunuma, Minuma-ku, Saitama-shi, Saitama 337-8556, JAPAN
Founded / Incorporated
Founded: November 1, 1950 Incorporated: October 27, 1952
Capital
6,923 million yen
Employees
4,070 (consolidated), 1,052 (non-consolidated)
Breakdown of Employees (consolidated)
Distribution of Shares by Owner
Securities Firm
2.43%
Other Corporation
3.39%
Individuals
and Others Institution
13.26% 40.76%
TAMRON USA
TAMRON Europe
TAMRON Russia
      Financial
TAMRON China
    Treasury Shares
18.99%
Status of Major Shareholders
TAMRON Hongkong
  Foreign Shareholders
21.17%
        TAMRON France
TAMRON India
Foshan Factory, China
Vietnam Factory
 Shareholders
 Number of shares held (Thousands of shares)
 Percentage of shares held
 Europe America
2% 1%
Japan
26%
Asia
71%
Regional Composition
1,806
8.59
7.64
4.77
2.75
Aomori Factory  (Hirosaki Site)  (Namioka Site)  (Owani Site)
Osaka Sales Office
Sony Corporation
The Master Trust Bank of Japan ,Ltd. (trust account)
3,129 14.88
     Male
Female
Custody Bank of Japan,
Ltd. 1,606
46% 54%
Male / Female Ratio
Stock Overview
Saitama Resona Bank Limited
Nippon Life Insurance Company
JPMorgan Securities Japan Co., Ltd.
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 140044
Tamron Business Partner Stockholding Association
ARGO GRAPHICS Inc.
JPMBL RE UBS AG LONDON BRANCH COLL EQUITY
1,002
580
● Head Office
● R&D Centers
● Production Sites ● Sales Sites
2
3
9
             Head Office
         Number of shares issued:
Number of shares per unit: 100 shares
25,950,000 shares 4,821 shareholders
* Excluding shareholders less than one unit.
403 1.92
373 1.77
290 1.38
267 1.27
 Number of shareholders:
Stock Exchange
265
1.26
Main Functions and Characteristics
    First section, Tokyo Stock Exchange Securities Code: 7740
Balance Date
December 31
Shareholding ratio is calculated by deducting the number of treasury shares (4,927 thousand shares) from total shares issued.
* Sony Corporation changed its tradename to Sony Group Corporation as of  April 1, 2021.
Manager of the Register of Shareholders
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited
1-4-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
Head Office R&D Centers
Production Sites
• Optical design, mechanical design, electronics and software design, etc. • Mold manufacturing, plastic injection molding
• Research and development into the improvement of base technologies
• Research and development related to product development in new fields
                 Sales Sites
technologies to Tamron’s large-scale production sites at the Foshan Factory in China and the Vietnam Factory. • This production structure spread across three sites around the world allows Tamron to handle various
manufacturing tasks from small lot production to mass production.
• In addition to seven overseas sales companies, Tamron has developed networks with sales centers and distributors in various regions.
• We also provide after-sales support through this network.
• Lens processing, plastic molding, metal processing, assembly, etc.
• Tamron’s plants in Japan (Aomori Prefecture) function as mother plants providing manufacturing
  45 Tamron Integrated Report 2021
Tamron Integrated Report 2021 46

  Tamron Co., Ltd.
Corporate Business Planning & Administration Board
1385 Hasunuma, Minuma-ku, Saitama-city, Saitama 337-8556 Japan Tel. +81-48-684-9114
Fax. +81-48-683-8282
E-mail: e-report@tamron.co.jp
Website: https://www.tamron.com/
Published July 2021