To build a fulfilling society, Tamron formulated Environmental Vision 2050, which outlines the long-term direction of Tamron’s environmental initiatives.

Tamron has formulated the Environment Vision 2050 to help create a fulfilling society where all people can live lively and energetic lives, with consideration for recent trends in climate change caused by global warming.

Climate Change-Related
Information Disclosure(TCFD)
Governance
We recognize climate change as one of our key management issues. The CSR Committee, which is chaired by the president, deliberates and makes decisions about Tamron’s basic policy on risk response and other important matters. Systems are in place to report important matters to the Board of Directors to enable suitable supervision. Information decided on by the CSR Committee is also reflected in management plans.
Risk Management
We analyze risks and opportunities affecting our sustainable growth in terms of management and financial impact to identify key risks and opportunities. Identified risks and opportunities are incorporated into our management plan, and translated into the activities of each division.

We have set CO2 emissions̶which account for 98% of our greenhouse gas emissions̶as one of our key climate change indicators, and aim to reduce CO2 emissions to zero by 2050. In order to achieve this, we have set the goal of reducing emissions by 30% in comparison with 2015 levels by 2030, and we are setting targets every year as we work toward this goal. If efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions continue at the current level, emissions will be reduced by approximately 22,000 t-CO2.

Strategic Scenario Analysis
When climate change becomes apparent, social issues will develop, and as these progress to economic effects, business risks and opportunities will emerge. Tamron conducted a scenario analysis* and recognized the following risks and opportunities.

Approach to Energy Saving and
Renewable Energy
In performing corporate activities, even if it is possible to reduce existing power usage by saving energy, if facilities are increased by automation, etc., then power consumption will increase, and greenhouse gas emissions will also increase as a result. We will work to reduce CO2 emissions through energy-saving activities such as improving productivity in our daily operations and introducing highly efficient air conditioning equipment. Additionally, in order to decarbonize our required energy, we are advancing the introduction of in-house renewable energy power generation and the purchase of renewable energy certificates.
State of Achievement of Reducing
CO2 Emissions in 2020
In order to achieve the goals of our Environment Vision 2050, we set the target of reducing CO2 emissions by 2% in comparison with 2015 levels in 2020. As a result, we achieved the target with a significantly greater reduction of 11.7%. While the reduction in power usage due to the shutdown of plants due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic was a major factor in achieving this, energy saving by replacing chillers at head office and renewable energy measures such as in-house solar power generation at Tamron Optical (Foshan) in China were also effective in reducing CO2 emissions.

In 2020, head office significantly reduced power consumption by replacing air conditioning heat source equipment. Although energy-saving heat pump chillers were already in use, we have now introduced new high-efficiency modules. Additionally, by tuning equipment according to load, we were able to achieve a more than 60% reduction in power consumption in comparison with previous levels. Annually, this will equate to a reduction of approximately 274t-CO2 , accounting for approximately 12% of head office CO2 emissions. In 2021, we will begin replacing our office air conditioners to further reduce CO2 emissions.
Renewable-Energy Initiatives
In 2017, Tamron Optical (Foshan) in China began installing solar power generation systems. Initially, emissions were reduced by around 180t-CO2 per year, but as a result of an expansion of facilities emissions were reduced by around 280t- CO2 last year. Further expansion is expected to reduce emissions by approximately 500t-CO2 in 2021, around 2% of all emissions at the Foshan plant. In Japan, we began considerations for purchasing renewable energy certificates at our head office.