Basic Approach
To realize our corporate philosophy, it is necessary to build an organization in which each employee can demonstrate their full potential while striving to boost productivity. To build an organization where employees can play an active role, Tamron is making efforts to improve the workplace environment, such as by promoting a sound work-life balance, diversity, and health and productivity management. Additionally, we will provide opportunities for employees to develop and demonstrate their abilities with respect for diversity, and aim to be a company where employees can have a global perspective, value teamwork, and demonstrate creativity.
Strengthening the Potential of
Human Resources
Human Resources Development through the Post Qualification System
Tamron has introduced a Post Qualification System for employees in management roles.
 The Post Qualification System determines grades and compensation based on positional classifications (positions) according to the level of responsibility and difficulty to be fulfilled as required by management, irrespective of seniority or ability.  We develop human resources through a process of encouraging employees to set goals for themselves that include challenges and creative ingenuity appropriate for their roles, forming agreements with their supervisors, and evaluating them at the end of the year. In this way, supervisors support the growth of their subordinates every day while maximizing their abilities.  Employees who have developed a certain level of occupational skills are offered two career tracks under the Post Qualification System, the “manager course” or “professional course.” In this way, each employee can attain a working style that fits their aptitude and intentions.

Employee Empowerment
Improving Productivity
Tamron is aiming to improve the speed and quality of its operations based on a policy of working one hour less but achieving more than before. We consider this to be the key to making progress in the way human beings work.
 In order to encourage creative ingenuity in our work, we operate schemes (such as the president's award and improvement proposal system) that commend employees for making good proposals.
 In 2019 we introduced RPA*, which is helping to improve productivity by automating our routine operations.
*RPA: Robotic Process Automation

So that we can grow sustainably as a company and contribute to a sustainable society with the aim of realizing our Corporate Mission, which was revised in November 2020, we believe that it is crucial for each and every employee of the Tamron Group, including its overseas subsidiaries, to understand and empathize with the Corporate Mission̶that our business opportunities lie in solving social issues by creating emotion and reassurance̶and link that understanding and empathy on to their own actions.

An employee survey conducted in December 2020 found that 96% of employees empathized with our new Corporate Mission.  In November 2020, we called on all employees to suggest ideas for new products and new businesses, for the special President's Commendation project to commemorate the 70th anniversary of our founding, with the goal of discovering new businesses that are essential for the sustainable growth of our company. As a result we received more than 500 applications, and are now considering several good ideas for actualization into real business operations. Looking ahead, we will continue to consider initiatives making effective use of the diverse abilities of our employees.

Creating an Easy-to-Work Workplace Environment
Towards Achieving Diversity
To achieve future growth, Tamron needs a diverse range of human resources who can create new emotion and reassurance in society. For this reason, we are engaged in a range of initiatives to achieve a sound work-life balance so that employees can play as much of an active role as possible without making excessive efforts.

Promoting Flexible Workstyles
In 2020, we reviewed the way in which we work as we tackled the challenges of preventing infections in the face of the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic. We commenced the flexible operation of a home-based telework scheme, introduced staggered working hours, utilized video conferencing systems and reviewed our operations in general, advancing the introduction of virtual and digitized technologies aimed at improving productivity. During the state of emergency declared by the Japanese government between April and May 2020, approximately 40–50% of our employees worked from home.  Moreover, since April 2021, we have improved upon our existing flextime system, allowing employees to set daily working hours according to their preferred work and private hours, under the condition that they work 4 hours of core time and meet the number of prescribed working hours per month. This has enabled us to work more flexibly.

Tamron Kids Day-Care Center has been established at the same location as our head office, and is available to the local community as well as employees. One hundred percent of female Tamron employees in Japan who have had a child have made use of maternity leave before and after childbirth and the parental leave system, and subsequently returned to work.

Health and Productivity Management
Tamron is working to create a workplace in which employees can work with good physical and mental health and job satisfaction.
 As an initiative for improving mental and physical health, mental health checks are conducted twice a year for all employees (the response rate in August 2020 was 97%). Our health check results identify issues in terms of manage- ment, workplace unity and job satisfaction, and we brief the Management Meeting based on a report compiled each time, and endeavor to make
improvements. In recognition of these efforts, Tamron was certified under the 2021 Certi- fied Health & Productivity Management Organization Recognition Program (Major Corporation Category).

