The SEGA SAMMY Group is working to reduce environmental impact while also improving profitability in its mainstay Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business.
To increase the reusability of components in pachislot and pachinko machines, we are working to standardize parts, boards and units, starting at the design and development stage. In 2016, we set a target for the number of reusable components, which was achieved in fiscal year 2019. In fiscal year 2020, we increased the efficiency and quality of reuse activities by switching from smaller components to single units for some parts used in pachinko boards and pachislot LCD screens and reels.
Also, from an environmental standpoint, we increased the recovery rate for used pachislot and pachinko machines to 93% in fiscal year 2020 by adjusting trade-in criteria and buying back used machines.
Meanwhile, we continue to work on reducing the environmental impact of the amusement machine industry in general by cooper- ating with other manufacturers to create shared component and unit platforms.

The SEGA SAMMY Group is pursuing optimization in all areas of the pachinko and pachislot machine value chain, including development, manufacturing, and sales. Through these efforts, we aim to reduce environmental impact by cutting back on component use while also promot- ing the reuse of components, which is supporting an improvement in business profitability.
We are improving the efficiency of reuse activities by expanding the range of reused components and increasing the ratio of standardized parts and materials.

At the design and development stages, we are promoting common components, increasing the range of components that are reused, and designing products with reuse in mind.
Production
At the production stage, previously dispersed component warehouse func- tions are being consolidated at the site of the neighboring Kawagoe Factory in order to facilitate efficient component recycling and reuse.
We sell pachinko machine boards designed to help reduce investments when introducing new machines in order to strengthen relationships with pachinko halls and establish a cycle of reuse and recycling.
The Group seeks to ensure proper disposal of used pachinko and pachislot machines that have reached the end of their lives of bringing joy to customers. We therefore promote recycling by offering trade-in programs with regard to our own machines and by utilizing an industry association collection system. We also participate in the used pachinko and pachislot machine collection system developed by industry associations to implement more advanced recycling measures (reduction of weight and appropriate treatment).