Discussions regarding addiction countermeasures began when the Society for Research on Pachinko Addiction was formed in 2003. The Recovery Support Network (RSN) was established with support from industry groups in 2006 and conducts wide-ranging problem-solving initiatives such as public outreach and tele- phone counseling.
In December 2018, the Advisory Council on Addiction Counter- measures in the Pachinko and Pachislot Industry was established as a third-party body to evaluate and provide advice on addiction countermeasures, giving the industry access to objective opinions on the issue. Efforts to tackle addiction accelerated in December 2019 with the release of the Basic Guidelines for Addressing Pachinko Addiction and the Basic Guidelines for the Pachinko and Pachislot Industry for Addressing Addiction, which set out policies and specific measures to address addiction. By taking a leading role in these efforts, the SEGA SAMMY Group is contributing to the sound development of the industry.

In May 2019, the World Health Assembly of the World Health Organization (WHO) recognized excessive playing of online games and home video games as a new mental disease, referred to as “gaming disorder.”
In Japan, four game-related bodies (CESA, JOGA, MCF, and JeSU) have established a joint investigative commission, which has tasked impartial outside experts to conduct research into effective countermeasures based on scientific studies. In September 2020, the team of experts began investigative research into gaming disor- der, starting with a benchmarking study to look at appropriate mea- surement criteria and the characteristics of the disorder to support further research, such as understanding the scale of excessive gaming, its causes and protective factors.
Taking into consideration the issue of excessive game playing and micro-transactions by minors through the Gacha system, which can result in a strong gambling-like experience and high payments, the Entertainment Contents Business is taking measures to prevent excessive payments, such as setting upper limits on monthly micro-transaction payments for certain titles based on age certifica- tion, establishing internal guidelines that conform with guidelines stipulated by the Computer Entertainment Supplier’s Association, an industry body, and avoiding the use of ambiguous phrasing that can lead to excessive expectations.

SEGA SAMMY Group has teamed up with Kyoto University, a national university, to conduct joint research into the processes of gambling addiction* by collating and analyzing data on the progres- sion of gambling behaviors.
This research aims to identify the precursors of dangerous levels of gambling by gathering and analyzing data from players at overseas casinos, including Japanese players. Drawing on the results of this research, we aim to establish a system that rapidly detects players that are exhibiting signs of addiction and that pre- vents their behavior from escalating.
In research published so far, data analysis has demonstrated the effect of win-lose perceptions on gambling behavior. We con- tinue to work with Kyoto University on research into identifying the signs of addiction.