Innovation in the SEGA SAMMY Group is derived from the diverse values and capabilities of its human resources. We are implementing systems and creating environments where diverse people can fulfill their potential, and promoting diversity to establish a corporate culture steeped in creativity.

We are promoting better work-life balance to improve employee motivation. In addition to a flextime system that recognizes different workstyles, we have introduced the Job Plus (JOB+) system that allows certain employees to take side jobs. We also offer a telework system that gives employees the option to work outside the office, and we run an onsite SEGA SAMMY Soramori Nursery School for employees with young children. With these systems and options, we have created an environment where our people can work with peace of mind. We are also stepping up activities that promote diversity to ensure the Group’s diverse human resources can fulfill their potential. Specifically, we run seminars and training courses to raise diversity awareness, provide job opportunities to people with disabilities via special subsidiaries, support activities that increase awareness of the LGBT community, and implement measures to promote career opportunities for women.
In human resources development, we are working to raise the skill levels of our employees through the SEGA SAMMY College, a Groupwide training organization that cultivates business leaders imbued with the Group’s corporate culture and that instills basic principles in our employees.

Since relocating the head office, we have been actively encouraging networking between SEGA CORPORATION and other Group companies.
SEGA runs the technology-focused SEGA Developer Conference, the Arcade Department holds GITEN, an internal research conference on fundamental technologies, and we run various other workshops to share knowledge on AI and automa- tion, as well as the SEGA GAME JAM. Our goal is to harness the combined capabilities of the whole SEGA SAMMY Group by actively encouraging inter- action between personnel in Group companies.