In the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business, we offer safe, high-quality products and services by actively implementing inventive and effective quality improvement measures. We also take the following actions to eliminate major failures that could compromise safety.

The Revised Amusement Businesses Law Enforcement Ordinance, in effect since July 2004, is primarily intended to control excessive gambling on amusement machines and prevent improper modifica- tions. Adhering to this ordinance, the Pachislot and Pachinko Machines Business has established a special group to collect market information and build amusement machines that are resis- tant to abuse in order to prevent users from illegally manipulating the machines for illicit benefit. To combat improper modifications, which are becoming increasingly complex, we monitor and manage the distribution of our amusement machines to completely eradicate from the market any machines that have been illegally modified.
Suspicious solicitations for “sakura/uchiko” by people posing as SEGA Sammy Group recruiters, as well as groundless walkthroughs and strategy guides have been circulating in some areas of the market. In response, we are implementing various countermeasures and encouraging caution via the Sammy website and pamphlets.

In the Consumer Games area of the Entertainment Contents Business, we established the Project Management Office in April 2020 to lead the development of high-quality content for overseas users to support the Group’s growth in the global market. The office is tasked with evaluating the potential of the Group’s intellectual property (IP) and analyzing markets. It will also manage the title lineup for the business as a whole, allocate resources and conduct corporate planning such as business design to support the development of SEGA SAMMY content worldwide.

In the Entertainment Contents Business, we label product packag- ing, user manuals and other tools for home video game software in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, industry group guidelines and internal rules. By applying clear and appropriate labels, we ensure that customers can use our products and services with confidence.
We also clearly specify the range of users for each product and actively address any ethical concerns. We label all our products in line with assessments conducted in countries around the world. In Japan, we indicate the target age group for each game based on the CERO* ratings system and label products in accordance with our own voluntary standards. Drawing on expertise accumulated through the CERO rating system and previous cases, we have formulated guidelines that cover 9 categories and 26 items.