   Integrated Report 2019 SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED

 Management Philosophy
As an intrinsic part of people’s lives, Sapporo will contribute to the evolution of creative,
enriching and rewarding lifestyles.
Fundamental Management Policy
The Sapporo Group strives to maintain integrity in corporate conduct that reinforces stakeholder trust and aims to achieve continuous growth
in corporate value.
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 01
             
 The Sapporo Group’s Sustainability Policy
With the earth, in harmony with society,
from the start, to bring smiles to people.
The Sapporo Group will address global environmental and social issues to make people happy. The earth, the source of nature's bounty, is our most important partner.
We will strive to collaborate and prosper together with our stakeholders
who share our value to provide products sustainable in the entire lifecycle
from the development of products and services to the delivery to customers.
We will value our founding philosophy and think hard about creating sustainable value,
and bring a smile to the face of people.
We will try to bring smiles to people all over the world,
with our commitment to professional manufacturing, development of regionally oriented communities, and with our vows “Be a pioneer of people’s smiles in the world.”
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 02

 The Sapporo Group’s Management Philosophy Framework
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 03
 The Sapporo Group is committed to “the realization of a sustainable society” and “sustained growth of the Group” and is therefore working under its Sustainability Policy to create value leading to solutions for global issues. By doing so, it is working to realize its Management Philosophy: “Sapporo will contribute to the evolution of creative, enriching, and rewarding lifestyles.”
Management As an intrinsic part of people’s lives, Sapporo will contribute to the
  Philosophy
Fundamental Management Policy
2026 Group Vision
evolution of creative, enriching, and rewarding lifestyles.
The Sapporo Group strives to maintain integrity in corporate conduct that reinforces stakeholder trust and aims to achieve continuous growth in corporate value.
The Sapporo Group will be a company with highly unique brands in the fields of “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks” around the world.
1. Make customers’ lifestyles around the world more fulfilling by creating new value through the pursuit of innovation and quality.
  Action Guidelines 2. Strive to provide products and services and to nurture brands that foster communication among customers.
3. Practice efficient management in tandem with addressing changes in the environment.
With the earth, in harmony with society, from the start, to bring smiles to people.
  Sustainability Policy
 
   The Sapporo Group’s Value Creation Process
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 04
The Sapporo Group has created a unique brand story and
brand assets based on over 140 years of history and dialogue. By keeping our brands at the heart of our three core businesses, we can provide products and services that bring joy to our cus- tomers and continued happiness to all of our stakeholders in an ever-increasing cycle.
OUTCOME
4
  INPUT
1 Brand Assets Effective Use of
Nature’s Blessings
P.41
Dialogue with Stakeholders
P.15
BUSINESS MODEL
2 Three Businesses with a Brand-Centric Approach
Continuing as pioneers with a sustainable value creation process and bringing smiles to many
Value Created by the Sapporo Group
Contributing to invigorating communication among customers by
providing products and services
Providing “fun,” “joy,” and “vitality for tomorrow” to all stakeholders through business expansion
P.71 Ten-Year Summary of Financial and Non-Financial Data
           Highly Unique Employees
P.40
Innovation That Creates New Value
OUTPUT
  Sapporo’s Unique Brand Story
P.12–13
        P.46
3
Brands Close to the Hearts
of Customers (Products and Services)
              Alcoholic Beverages
P.20
Brands
Food & Soft Drinks
P.26
Real Estate
P.29
       Sustainability Policy
Corporate Governance Risk Management
P.02
P.55 P.63
     
 Contents
The Sapporo Group’s Value System
01 Management Philosophy and Fundamental Management Policy
02 The Sapporo Group’s Sustainability Policy
03 The Sapporo Group’s Management Philosophy Framework
04 The Sapporo Group’s Value Creation Process
06 Editorial Policy and Information Framework
07 Message from the President
The Sapporo Group’s Business Model
12 A History of Brand Creation
14 Our Businesses
15 Stakeholder Engagement
The Sapporo Group’s Growth Strategies
16 Group Management Plan 2024 18 Financial Strategy
20 Business Strategy
The Sapporo Group’s Sustainability Management
31 Promoting Sustainability Management
41 Special Feature 1:
Committed to Quality Raw Materials for over 140 Years— Sapporo Breweries’ Meets the Challenge
The Sapporo Group’s R&D Strategy
47 Special Feature 2:
The Sapporo Group’s Urban Development— Deepening Relationships with Local Communities
49 Special Feature 3: Alcohol-Related Problems
50 A Dialogue on Sapporo’s Human Resource Strategy 53 Message from an Outside Director
55 Corporate Governance
63 Risk Management
66 Board of Directors, Directors Who Are Audit & Supervisory Board Members, and Group Operating Officers
Results and Results Indicators
68 Financial and Non-Financial Highlights
71 Ten-Year Summary of Financial and Non-Financial Data
72 Management’s Discussion and Analysis
75 Consolidated Financial Statements
79 Corporate Data
80 List of Group Companies
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 05
                              Investor Relations Sustainability
https://www.sapporoholdings.jp/en/ https://www.sapporoholdings.jp/en/csr/
    
Editorial Policy
Integrated Report 2019 serves to inform all stakeholders about
the Sapporo Group’s distinct value as a group with highly unique brands and expresses its direction and intentions toward the future— a future in which the Group plays an indispensable part in society. This integrated report is intended to facilitate understanding of the Group’s economic and social value creation as accomplished through our business activities, based on our management strategy and Sustainability Policy, and to inform readers on the state and progress of our initiatives. Our editorial policy is to provide information regarding the changes that will take place moving forward in a clear and straightforward manner. In doing so, we hope that all stakeholders, including shareholders and other investors, will grasp the Sapporo Group’s vision toward sustainable growth.
July 2020
Forward-Looking Statements
Statements in this integrated report with respect to the Company’s forecasts, performance or otherwise, are based on the Company’s judgments in light of the latest information available as of the publication of this report and contain potential risks and contingen- cies. For that reason, please be aware that, due to various changing factors, actual results may vary from the forecasts published in this report.
Information Framework
For more information regarding financial and non-financial matters, please visit the Company website.
Period Covered
This report covers the fiscal year ended December 2019 (Jan. 1, 2019–Dec. 31, 2019). However, it may refer to events before or after this period as necessary.
Organizations Covered
Sapporo Holdings Limited and Group companies
Supported Initiatives
Summarized
Referenced Guidelines
• International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC), The International <IR> Framework
• Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, Guidance for Collaborative Value Creation
• GRI (Global Reporting Initiative), Sustainability Reporting Standards
(International guidelines on corporate sustainability reporting)
• International Organization for Standardization ISO 26000
(Guidance on social responsibility)
• Ministry of the Environment
Environmental Reporting Guidelines 2018
Detailed
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 06
 • Securities reports • Financial results
Website
 Integrated Report 2019
 Sustainability Book
• Corporate Governance Report
• Sustainability information
  Non-Financial
  • UN Global Compact
Sapporo Holdings has signed the United Nations Global Compact.
• The SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals)
• The TCFD (The FSB’s Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures)
    Detailed
Financial

SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 07
 To bring joyful smiles to people around the world, we will continue to take on new challenges, making use of our strengths as a brand company, our commitment to craftsmanship, and
urban development rooted in the community.
 Message from the President
Masaki Oga
President and Representative Director
Our Response to COVID-19
To begin, I would like to express my deepest sympa- thies to those who have contracted or have been otherwise affected by the spread of COVID-19.
This virus has wreaked havoc on a global scale, taking a heavy toll on the social economy of each country it has touched. Amid these circumstances, the Sapporo Group is dedicated to fulfilling its social responsibilities based on the tenets of its Sustainability
1 Policy, which is described later in this message.*
*1 For information concerning the Group’s policies and initiatives regarding COVID-19, please refer to the following notice (Japanese only)
https://www.sapporoholdings.jp/announce/dit/?id=8643

Message from the President
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 08
As it stands, there is no clear end to the situation, so we can expect this difficult management environ- ment to continue going forward. However, being ensconced in the manufacturing of alcoholic bever- ages, food, and soft drinks and operation of restau- rants, we will work to reduce the risk of spreading infectious diseases and continue production and logistics operations in Japan and overseas, in order to fulfill our responsibility to supply our customers.
I am particularly appreciative that we have been able to put forward a solid response during this time, especially in terms of our business management system. On the infrastructure side of this response, we were able to establish a basic Groupwide work- from-home initiative relatively smoothly. This is partly due to having a teleworking system already in place. What is more, we have learned that most of what we consider “work” can be done without being on the actual premises. I believe it is important that we use this new understanding to point out and elim- inate inefficiencies in our duties and promote greater efficiency by doing so.
That said, this has once again confirmed the importance of communication with our fellow mem- bers of the human race. For example, new employees were originally supposed to acquire the basics as members of society while creating a sense of solidar- ity with their colleagues through group training in their first month. Unfortunately, this opportunity was lost to them. However, it is also true that new
initiatives such as online training can provide a unique experience and bring new awareness to the Company. More important than anything is to not dwell on the negative effects of what has taken place, but rather to think of how to leverage this experience going forward.
Shift from the First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020 to Group Management Plan 2024
To mark 150 years since our founding in 2026, the Sapporo Group formulated its Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150.” In fiscal 2017, we went forward with the four-year First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020. The plan was focused on growth or expansion of scale through vigorous M&A and other measures, but it unfortunately became clear that we had deviated from our road map amid a sharp decline in the domestic and overseas markets.
This decline was brought on in part by diversifying consumer behavior in the fields of “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks.” To address the new needs of consumers, which include a qual- ity-over-quantity approach to alcohol and health- consciousness, it is more important to highlight which business fields to concentrate on, as opposed to expanding in every direction.
Because of this, we positioned fiscal 2019 as the
To address diversifying consumer behavior in the fields of “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks,” it is more important to highlight
which business fields to concentrate on, as opposed to expanding in
every direction.
“Year of Change,” and worked to rethink our pressing issues. As a result, we ended the First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020 one year ahead of schedule and formulated the new Group Management Plan 2024 (hereinafter, the “New Medium-Term Plan”) in order to make a fresh start.
Goals of the New Medium-Term Plan
The New Medium-Term Plan, a five-year plan starting from fiscal 2020, focuses on two specific goals aimed at becoming “a Company with Highly Unique Brands”—one aspect of our Long-Term Management Vision. These goals are 1) achieve record profits
and 2) build stable portfolios in our three core busi- ness segments.
         
Message from the President
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 09
We will concentrate management resources on growth fields such
as beer, our core business, to match our highest-ever core operating profit.
For the former, we have set a quantitative goal of ¥30.0 billion core operating profit*2 by fiscal 2024. This is equal to our highest-ever operating profit under JGAAP. We will focus on profit levels and tran- sition toward leaner management while still remain- ing cognizant of capital efficiency.
The latter refers to the stable functioning of our three core business segments while allowing them to put their individual merits on display. Currently, the Real Estate business segment is generating stable profits based on office rentals, but the Alcoholic Beverages and Food & Soft Drinks business segments are subject to large fluctuations in profits. We as management see this as an issue.
In light of this situation, the New Medium-Term Plan will concentrate management resources on growth fields such as beer, our core business. Meanwhile, when it comes to unprofitable sectors, we will focus our efforts on those that we believe we
can return to profitability over the plan’s duration, or on those businesses that we are confident will be relevant from a long-term perspective.
*2 Core operating profit = Revenue – Cost of sales – SG&A expenses
Alcoholic Beverages: Expand Beer Sales
While demand for domestic beer has been on the decline, beer is likely to continue being the most consumed form of alcoholic beverage in the future. Moreover, the unification of liquor taxes in the fall
of 2020 will be a major opportunity for the Company, which has two major brands, Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label and YEBISU. We intend to further expand sales by utilizing our strengths, which include an abundant product lineup and a unique procure- ment system for raw materials—the Collaborative Contract Farming System—and through marketing- related measures.
Food & Soft Drinks: Accelerate Shift toward “Food” Field
Revenue for the Food & Soft Drinks business segment under POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage comprises almost 70% soft drinks, half of which is from vend- ing machine sales. To increase our profit levels, we believe it is important for us to increase vending machine profitability and expand business in the “Food” field. We will strategically reorganize our business portfolio to specialize in genres where we possess particular strength, such as lemons, and to
increase the sales ratio in the “Food” field.
The “Food” field plays a large part in people’s
lives and, even in a state of emergency like the one we are in now, the sales of some products have sig- nificantly increased. Our policy going forward will be to strategically control soy milk yogurt and other genres and to cultivate our soups and lemon prod- ucts as future pillars of profits.
Real Estate: Generate Stable Cash Flows
The Real Estate business segment has made steady growth as a pillar of stable profits. Amid an increas- ingly murky economic outlook coupled with high sensitivity to changes in the operating environment, we expect this growth to continue as a result of urban development in favorable areas—including those where the Company has close ties—and integrated business operations. From a long-term perspective, we aim to increase profitability further and provide new value through strategic rearrangements of our property portfolio and growth investments, including equity investments and private placement funds.
Accelerate Global Development
Running parallel with the efforts I mentioned previ- ously, we will also strengthen overseas expansion centered on the Alcoholic Beverages business seg- ment. We will develop a consistent brand strategy in North America and Asia in an effort to accelerate growth and therefore accelerate profitability.
    
Message from the President
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 10
In North America, we will optimize our logistics and distribution network as well as our sales system from a comprehensive perspective of “where we make it, how we make it, and how we move it.”
In Vietnam and other areas of Southeast Asia,
we will make use of our sales agent network while implementing steady initiatives. Although the large number of small family-owned shops and local customs act as hurdles for expanding sales channels, we also believe that modernized distribution spurred by IT and other factors may make rapid leaps going forward.
Regarding M&A, we will continue to seek opportu- nities in North America, especially in the United States. Our policy is to reach a conclusion after care- fully checking the content and timing of an M&A- related decision while also factoring in the impact of COVID-19.
Reorganize around Operating Companies
In order to move forward with these initiatives, we have reorganized our organization around our operat- ing companies. Organization around a head office tends to become bloated, despite the head office not generating profits in and of itself. Moreover, the Sapporo Group has to this point kept the North American Alcoholic Beverages business under the direct control of the holding company.
In response, we have slimmed down the holding
By reorganizing around
our operating companies, we will raise morale and invigorate the organization.
company by moving two-thirds of its employees to the operating companies, and have unified control of the Alcoholic Beverages business segment in Japan and overseas under Sapporo Breweries. Going forward, all business promotion functions will be left to the operating companies, while the holding company will focus on internal control systems, the allocation of management resources, engagement with the capital market, and similar matters.
In general, a head office-based organization serves to streamline operations as a whole by working across departments. This updated structure, however, does not minimize this function, but instead transfers it to the operating companies and their respective human resources. Looking at Sapporo Breweries in particular, we expect that establishing footholds in new overseas growth markets will raise morale on location and invigorate the organization.
Transition to a Company with
an Audit & Supervisory Committee
To go hand in hand with our structural reorganization, we have changed the institutional design of the holding company and transitioned to a Company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee. The goals of this action are to further enhance governance functions and make a clear distinction between management supervision and business execution. By delegating a certain amount of authority to the business execution side, the Board of Directors can focus on deliberating over important mat- ters, and management processes speed up as a whole.
In the same vein, the composition of the Board of Directors has been adjusted so that one-half of its members are independent outside directors to ensure a greater sense of accountability in management.
Promote Sustainability Management
For the Sapporo Group to continue drawing demand from society in the future, it must strive to incorporate social and economic value creation in its business activities while communicating its big picture in an easy-to-understand manner. This effort is not some- thing to be left to a specific department. Instead, the Company as a whole must communicate that the day- to-day duties of each and every employee are connected to social and environmental issues.
       
Message from the President
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 11
From this viewpoint, the Sapporo Group formu- lated its Sustainability Policy in December 2019. Furthermore, one of the basic policies highlighted in Group Management Plan 2024 is to “promote sus- tainability management.” Our aim in doing so is to help achieve the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and realize both a sus- tainable society and sustainable growth.
Also, in September 2019, we formulated the Sapporo Group’s Environmental Vision 2050 to tackle environmental issues, and rolled out a plan
for achieving zero CO2 emissions at Company bases by 2050. This is a long-term commitment, but we
as management have set this goal because it is the message we have received from our young employees, and it is they who will be central to realizing the Company’s vision for the future.
We will provide a variety of value in order to “bring smiles to people,” as highlighted in our Sustainability Policy.
On the social end, our first duty as a manufacturer is providing high-quality products and developing new ones to enrich our customers’ lives. Furthermore, in addition to urban development through our Real Estate business segment, the Sapporo Group has several contact points in communities where our factories and offices are located. We intend to con- clude comprehensive partnership agreements with local governments and conduct exchanges with resi- dents to develop business activities that are deeply rooted in various regions.
Each employee has a role in this series of efforts, and human resources are the very foundation of sus- tainability management. We will work to acquire and nurture global human resources and support the suc- cess of women. At the same time, we will design a system that supports a variety of human resources in the pursuit of a variety of challenges and build an environment where motivated employees can enjoy performing their duties. We will also continue to pro- mote diversity and inclusion. These efforts constitute our policy to raise the value of the Group’s human resources to a new level.
Bring Smiles to People
Characteristic of the Sapporo Group is its lineup of highly recognized brands. The Company has multiple brands that make up the core of its business, such
as Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label and YEBISU in the Alcoholic Beverages business segment and Kireto Lemon and Jikkuri Kotokoto in the Food & Soft Drinks business segment.
The Real Estate business segment is centered on high-value-added projects linked to the redevelop- ment of prime locations with connections to the Group. As symbolized by Yebisu Garden Place and Sapporo Factory—which were erected on the same sites as our old breweries—all of our businesses are organically linked by our brand and are closely tied to one another. I would like for more people to expe- rience the superiority of our unique business portfo- lio, which comprises “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks” as well as real estate.
For a brand to truly make it, it has to be three things: unique, unwavering, and timeless. We have been around for a long time as a company, but have remained fresh by always taking on new challenges. As such a company, we will provide a variety of value in order to “bring smiles to people,” as highlighted in our Sustainability Policy. Going forward, I would like to ask for the continued support of all our stake- holders in this pursuit.
June 2020
Masaki Oga President and Representative Director
       
 A History of Brand Creation 1877
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 12
        Launched Sapporo Lager Beer, the Company’s first product
1956
Revival of Sapporo Beer
1964
Company name changed to SAPPORO BREWERIES LIMITED
2017
40th anniversary of the launch of Sapporo Draft Beer
Black Label
2020
130th anniversary of YEBISU
  1876
Established the Kaitakushi Brewery in Sapporo, Hokkaido
Launched YEBISU 1887
Established Japan Beer Brewery Company in Ginza, Tokyo
    1890
       1899
Opened YEBISU BEER HALL, Japan’s first beer hall in Ginza, Tokyo
1909
Started manufacture and sale of Citron
   1934
2015
Opened Beer Hall Lion Ginza 7-chome, now the oldest existing beer hall in Japan
1964
Began exporting beer to the United States
Opened GRANDE POLAIRE WINEBAR TOKYO in the Ginza Corridor District
     Entered the Soft Drinks business —Utilization of carbon dioxide gas from brewing process
1977
Established POKKA CORPORATION (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.
    For over 140 years of Company history, Sapporo has helped bring smiles to people through an accumulation of dialogues with all of its stakeholders in the pursuit of innovation and quality. Emerging from these dialogues have been ideas shared among all stakeholders, and these “crystals” have become the Sapporo Group brand. It is this brand and our many brand assets that are the most important factors in achieving growth.
1988
Established Seiwa Real Estate Co., Ltd. (now SAPPORO REAL ESTATE CO., LTD.)
1993
Completed construction of Sapporo Factory commercial complex on the former site of Sapporo Brewery
1994
Completed construction of Yebisu Garden Place on the former site of Yebisu Brewery
Real Estate
Completed construction of GINZA PLACE
1957
Established Kokusai Inryo Co., Ltd., which later became Sapporo Beverage Co., Ltd.
Established Nikka Lemon Co., Ltd., which later became POKKA CORPORATION
2013
 Integrated business with POKKA CORPORATION and started operations as POKKA SAPPORO FOOD & BEVERAGE LTD.
  2016
2009
Opened the first YEBISU BAR jointly developed with SAPPORO BREWERIES in the Ginza Corridor District
Alcoholic Beverages
2019
Opened Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label THE BAR
at GINZA PLACE B1
  Space to experience the Sapporo brand —Entered the Restaurants business
  2006 2010
Entry into Canada Entry into Vietnam
Food & Soft Drinks
 Entered the Real Estate business by reviving former brewery sites
           
            A History of Brand Creation
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 13
The Sapporo Group’s Brand Story from Then to Now
BRAND
 1890 –
1896 –
Anchor
1988 (Revival)
1914 –
1949 –
Ginza Lion
1994 –
1957 –
1963 –
Shinsyu-ichi Miso Miko-chan
1996 –
1974 –
1976 –
        YEBISU
1977 –
Ribbon
1993 –
POKKA Lemon
1994 –
Mascot
1996 –
BLUE SEAL
2003 –
        Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label
Sleeman
Sapporo Factory
Yebisu Garden Place
Café de Crié
Jikkuri Kotokoto
Wild Rose Brewery
Grande Polaire

          Our Businesses (Fiscal year ended December 2019)
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 14
OVERVIEW
Revenue ¥491.9billion Core Operating Profit ¥11.7billion
       Alcoholic Beverages P.20
Domestically, we further developed the Alcoholic Beverages seg-
ment, which centers on our beer products, drawing from the Company slogan, “Bringing more cheer to your ‘Cheers!’” Overseas, we continued to promote our growth strategy with a focus on North America and Southeast Asia, basing it on the characteristics of each region. Our beer halls, such as GINZA LION and YEBISU BAR, spread the idea of omotenashi by offering our customers a safe, secure, and delicious dining experience in comfortable surround- ings. We will always create new products in pursuit of new pos- sibilities, and deliver enjoyment and richness to our customers.
Main Brands: Beer and beer-type beverages: Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label, YEBISU, Mugi to Hop, GOLD STAR Wine: Grande Polaire, Penfolds Champagne: Taittinger Spirits: Bacardi, Dewar’s Overseas brands: SAPPORO PREMIUM, SLEEMAN, ANCHOR Restaurants: GINZA LION BEER HALL, YEBISU BAR
Main Sales Areas: Japan and Asia Pacific (Vietnam, Korea, Singapore, China, Australia, etc.), North America (Canada, U.S.), Europe
Food & Soft Drinks P.26
Domestically, this segment centers on the production and sale of a
variety of items, including lemon-based products, soups, soft drinks, and soy milk yogurts. This segment also covers the opera- tion of cafe chains. Overseas, we are developing POKKA-brand drinks for roughly 60 countries and regions from our Singapore base. With novel ideas, sparks of inspiration, and overflowing passion, we will continue to create products one after another and provide a sense of “deliciousness” in each one.
Main Brands: Kireto Lemon, POKKA Coffee, Kaga-Bo-Hojicha Roasted Green Tea Soups: Jikkuri Kotokoto
Lemon-based products: POKKA Lemon 100
Soy milk: SOYAFARM, SOYBIO Cafe chain: Café de Crié
Ice cream: BLUE SEAL Overseas brand: POKKA
Main Sales Areas: Japan and Asia (Singapore), North America
Real Estate P.29
The Sapporo Group has a business for managing, operating, and
developing real estate centered in Ebisu, Sapporo, and Ginza, three locations where the Group has deep roots. Through urban development projects in these areas, such as Yebisu Garden Place, Sapporo Factory, and GINZA PLACE, we hope to create and cultivate both a “luxurious time” and “luxurious space.”
Main Brands: Yebisu Garden Place, Sapporo Factory, GINZA PLACE Main Sales Areas: Ebisu, Sapporo, Ginza
   Revenue ¥324.4billion
Revenue
Core Operating Profit ¥8.7billion
Revenue ¥136.9billion
Core Operating Loss ¥(0.5)billion
Revenue ¥24.7billion
Core Operating Profit ¥10.7billion
Other 1.2% 5.0%
 66.0%
 27.8%
 Domestic 83.7%
 Overseas 16.3%
Number of Employees (As of December 31, 2019) 7,736(Consolidated) 305(Parent company)
Consolidated Subsidiaries and Equity-Method Affiliates (As of December 31, 2019) 47(Consolidated subsidiaries) 2(Equity-method affiliates)

Stakeholder Engagement
As a business practice done in earnest and in accordance with its Sustainability Policy, the Sapporo Group works toward proactive and appropriate disclosure of information and mutual communication in order to deepen trust between the Group and its stakeholders. These efforts help us achieve “stronger corporate communications,” one of the pillars of the Group’s Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150.”
Customers
Shareholders / Investors Suppliers
Community / Society Employees
       Customers
Shareholders / Investors
Suppliers
Community / Society
Employees
Providing valuable products and
services that build trust
• Customer service centers • Brewery and plant tours • Events, etc.
Adhering to the Corporate Governance Code and implement- ing appropriate shareholder returns
• General Meeting of Shareholders
• Financial results briefings
• Individual dialogues with domestic
and overseas institutional investors
• Publication of reports, etc.
Respecting human rights and promoting environment-friendly procurement
• Daily communication
• Group procurement basic policy, procurement from a sustainability perspective, etc.
Implementing training/food educa- tion for the next generation, regional contribution activities, and environmental conservation using each business’ characteristics
• Next-generation training
• Regional contribution activities
• Disaster-recovery efforts
• Environmental conservation
activities, etc.
Creating an environment that embraces diversity, promotes health improvement, and encourages employees to tackle challenges
• Graduate and department-specific
training
• Mental healthcare
• Open recruitment system for human
resources, etc.
Sapporo Breweries holds half-day events centered on Company headquarters where employees can experience working at the customer service center, as well as events at breweries and sales locations for employees to listen to customer feedback. By always keeping the customer’s perspective in mind, Sapporo Breweries is focused on realizing its corporate philosophy and “To pursue the craftsman’s spirit – For our consumers to discover a new enjoyment and enrichment.”
The Company holds information sessions with individual investors several times a year, as well as conference calls every first and third quarter and financial results briefings every second and fourth quarter for institutional investors. Furthermore, the Company holds an overseas roadshow twice a year, held in overseas locations to accommodate institutional investors outside of Japan. By carrying out these IR activities, we are able to gather the opinions and requests of our shareholders and investors and provide regular feedback to management and related departments of the Company.
The Sapporo Group is carrying out sustainability initiatives throughout its supply chain while working to promote understanding and cooperation among suppliers of raw materials. Sapporo Breweries makes regular visits to suppliers of packaging materials to conduct quality control inspections and employee training. These visits also serve as opportunities to hold exchange events where the Company and suppliers can share knowledge and opinions related to sustainability and SDG initiatives.
As of February 2020, the Sapporo Group has formed 63 cooperative agreements with a variety of entities across Japan—including prefectures, municipalities, and universities. In the Shibuya Ward of Tokyo, where the Group headquarters is located, the Group concluded the “Shibuya Social Action Partner (S-SAP)” agreement, a comprehensive partnership agree- ment, in 2016. Through this agreement, the Group is engaged in urban development, focused on Yebisu Garden Place, and is working to resolve social issues. To help raise the next generation, the Group has provided support for the Shibuya Ward Kodomo (Children’s) Table and for Orange Ribbon activities to spread awareness for preventing child abuse.
The Sapporo Group holds workplace visits to promote communication between employees and their families. POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage held its first workplace visit at its Nagoya Plant in March 2019. These visits increase employee motivation and also help promote exchanges between co-workers and their families. Such initiatives will help create a comfortable working environment.
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 15
     
 Group Management Plan 2024
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 16
Message from the Officer in Charge of Strategy
Turbulent times of rapid change are especially rife with opportunity, and we will use these times to turn the organization into one that can respond quickly to customers. We are trimming away all the fat from our current bloated and complicated organizational system to construct a simple, compact, and business-centric framework that will allow us to increase our responsiveness. We fully recognize that each and every employee is the main source of change, and we will make a complete transformation toward a system that leads to value creation for the customer.
Yasuyuki Oohira
Director (Member of the Board)
     Review of the First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020
While our transition toward a growth stage in line with the theme “transform with unprecedented speed” met with a certain degree of success, there were still several issues remaining. It was decided that it would be difficult to address these issues sufficiently by continuing with the existing plan.
Transformation of the Group’s management platform
Continued growth of existing businesses
Results from investment businesses
Capturing of growth opportunities
Transition to streamlined head office operations
Reinforcement of Japanese Alcoholic Beverages and Soft Drinks businesses
Rebuilding and expansion of North American Alcoholic Beverages business
Expansion of food business Nurturing of global human resources
Themes
Results
Issues
     Shifted to three-segment management format based on three core businesses
Withdrew from unprofitable North American soft drinks business
     Achieved steady growth of Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label and expanded sales of ready-to-drink (RTD) products Maintained stable revenue from Real Estate business segment
   Made Vietnam business profitable
     Started operations at new soup, soybeans, and chilled products facility
Acquired Yasuma Co., Ltd.
Established Sapporo Europe B.V.
   
Group Management Plan 2024
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 17
Basic Policy
      P.21, 27
P.21, 50 P.10
P.31
  Focus on Core Businesses and Build Resilience
Focus management resources on beer business
Scale down or withdraw from low-return businesses and shift to “Food” and other growth fields
1
       2
Transfer all overseas business operations to operating companies, and deploy a consistent global brand strategy
Strengthen earnings capacity with focus on North America and Asia Pacific and simultaneously accelerate growth
Nurture global human resources
Accelerate Global Expansion
        Establish Simple and Compact Organizational Structure
Restructure to realize downsized head office operations and easy-to-understand organizational structure and pursue business process re-engineering and digital transformation
Designate governance, operating company support, and management resource allocation functions to Sapporo Holdings
Fully transfer business promotion functions to operating companies to increase responsiveness
3
    Promote Sustainability Management
Balance social and economic value creation, primarily through measures such as producing our own high-quality raw materials
Promote urban development in locations with connections to the Company, such as Ebisu, Sapporo, and Ginza
Raise level of management transparency and fairness to meet the
demands of the times
4
  Financial Targets
Financial Policy
Reach ¥30.0 billion in core operating profit by fiscal 2024
Place emphasis on profitability versus invested capital while maintaining current financial condition and stability, and pursue continuation of stable dividend pay- ments as the policy for shareholder returns
  Core Operating Profit
¥30.0 billion
’24
Key Indicators     P.18
Key Indicators P.19
Note: Fiscal 2019 results
 Revenue growth rate
2% or more (annual average)
 Core operating profit to revenue ratio
  5% or more
 Annual overseas revenue growth rate
 1.6 times (compared with fiscal 2019)
  EBITDA to interest-bearing debt ratio
  5.9
 Net debt-to-equity (D/E) ratio
 1.2
    (Billions of yen) 30
20 10
0 ’16
≈
         ’17 ’18 ’19
Note: Core operating profit margin is calculated as revenue – cost of sales – selling, general and administrative expenses.
Cash flows from operating activities
Investments
  
Financial Strategy
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 18
Message from the Director of Corporate Finance
 Reviewing the First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020
Under the First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020 (hereinafter, the “Previous Medium-Term Plan”), we com- pleted our withdrawal from the North American soft drinks business, a low-profit sector that had been an ongoing issue in the past. I should also acknowledge some of the achievements made as part of measures that will help build a future foundation, such as bringing our Vietnam business to profitability through steady growth investments. However, while we did see a slight improvement in the net debt-to-equity (D/E) ratio, profitability fell below expecta- tions in the Alcoholic Beverages and Food & Soft Drinks business segments, both of which are undergoing major changes in the operating environment. As a result, we were unable to increase our credit rating. It is important that we continue to work toward resolving these issues.
Looking from an organizational perspective, we shifted from our previous five business segments to three in order to better select and concentrate management resources under a simpler and more compact corporate structure.
We have also been conducting a drastic review of our vision as a holding company.
With the promotion of our newly formulated Group Management Plan 2024 (hereinafter, the “New Medium- Term Plan”), we are confident that the foundation for full-scale development is in place.
Expanding Top-Line Growth
Our financial target under the New Medium-Term Plan
is to achieve ¥30.0 billion in core operating profit by fiscal 2024. To reach this target, we are ramping up efforts on three fronts. The first front is steady top-line growth, with an average annual revenue growth rate of 2%
or more positioned as a key indicator.
Specifically, we will first consolidate the Group’s man-
agement resources into the beer business and thoroughly improve brand management and production system efficiency through consistent global efforts. In Japan, we expect a beer revival among consumers taking advantage of revisions to the Liquor Tax Act, and plan to appeal to these consumers with our two major brands, Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label and YEBISU. In the robust North American market, we aim to further expand our market share under the jurisdiction of Sapporo Breweries. As for ready-to-drink (RTD) products, we will expand sales of products that lever- age both the lemon-related knowledge of POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage and the Group’s insight with regard to market expansion to develop a strategy for expansion in the global market.
Highlighting “Food” out of “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks,” we will amass concrete results
We will achieve sustainable growth and capital efficiency through the pursuit of a high-quality business strategy and a consistent investment strategy that tell the story of the Company.
Yoshihiro Iwata
Managing Director (Member of the Board)
  
Financial Strategy
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 19
centered on soy milk yogurts and soups, which were both the target of major investments in the Previous Medium- Term Plan.
In the Real Estate business segment, we will continue to focus on urban development in the Ebisu, Ginza, and Sapporo areas and are taking steps to acquire necessary properties. At the same time, we will strategically rearrange the assets we hold to further increase value and consider new business models that generate profits without the need to hold assets.
Carrying Out Cost Structural Reform Centered on the Supply Chain
The second front in our move to increase profitability is to reform the cost structure of our supply chain, with a particu- lar focus on improving production and logistics efficiency. As a key indicator, we are aiming for a core operating profit to revenue ratio of 5% or more. As a result of this structural reform, which revolves around operating companies, the Domestic Logistics Department has transitioned from being under direct control of the Company to a department man- aged jointly by Sapporo Breweries and POKKA SAPPORO. Going forward, we will build a stable and efficient distribution network that extends beyond the boundaries of our business.
For individual business fields, we will enact detailed measures based on the progress of our reforms and in relation to our competition. In the Real Estate business segment and others with high profit margins, we plan to further increase efficiency, whereas in the Food & Soft Drinks business segment, we intend to move forward with measures to improve profitability, such as structural reforms of the domestic vending machine business.
Enhancing Overseas Development through Integrated Management
Our third front is based on a policy to take global develop- ment to the next level, for which we have established, as a key indicator, an annual overseas revenue growth rate of 1.6 times that of fiscal 2019. The world is facing several problems, including the COVID-19 pandemic, which sits right on our doorstep, but there are also potential high- growth opportunities in overseas markets.
Sapporo has long established itself as the No. 1 Asian brand in North America. As part of our structural reforms, we transferred Sleeman Breweries and other North American alcoholic beverage subsidiaries to Sapporo Breweries in order to implement consistent global measures. To expand our market share further, we will promote integrated man- agement, encompassing brands, technologies, people, and products.
In addition, in both the vast North American market and the intricately bordered Asian market, the logistical effi- ciency mentioned earlier is a theme that holds great sway over profits. We will thus establish an optimal supply chain for each region, looking from a comprehensive perspective of “where we make it, how we make it, and how we move it.”
Creating an Optimal Business Portfolio
In our New Medium-Term Plan, we intend to invest an amount commensurate with our cash flows from operating activities toward strengthening profitability while main- taining a focus on capital efficiency. At the same time, we will endeavor to maintain our current credit rating by focusing on our net D/E ratio and EBITDA to interest-bearing
debt ratio. We also consider the appropriate return of profits to our shareholders as a priority and will continue providing stable dividend payments.
When making an investment, we will make strict checks on cash output and the profitability of the invested capital. Going forward, we will create an optimal business portfolio that is not only dedicated to total profits. It will also emphasize investment efficiency and how investments fit in the Company’s story; contain businesses that require us to hold assets; include businesses acquired through carve-outs and outsourcing; and comprise businesses newly acquired through M&A or other actions.
For the Real Estate business segment, it is particularly important for the Company to be clear as to the underlying meaning when promoting business. We must constantly return to the origin of comprehensive value creation unique to the Company, such as the urban development of the Ebisu, Ginza, and Sapporo areas, which in turn enhances the brand power of the Alcoholic Beverages and Food & Soft Drinks business segments while contributing to the comfortable lives of local residents.
As a finance officer at a holding company with a small headquarters, I will strive to engage in strategic risk con- trol in order to build an optimal business portfolio and increase the expectations for success in uncertain situa- tions. Moreover, I would like to present a clear story of increased corporate value aimed at reaching our financial targets while enhancing growth and profitability. I would also like to increase investors’ understanding of this bigger picture as part of our communication activities. We look forward to gathering more frank opinions going forward, as well as to your continued support and understanding, as we work to do so.
   
Business Strategy
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 20
  Alcoholic Beverages
To pursue the craftsman’s spirit – For our consumers to discover a new enjoyment and enrichment
Revenue (Fiscal year ended December 2019) ¥324.4billion
Core Operating Profit / Core Operating Profit Margin
(Fiscal year ended December 2019)
¥8.7
Note: Fiscal 2020 forecasts for the Alcoholic Beverages business segment have not been presented in light of current difficulties in making reasonable calculations stemming from the spread of COVID-19.
billion / 2.7
%
              Risks and Growth Opportunities
Strengths
Unification of liquor taxes affecting domestic beer
Increasing populations and economic development of emerging Asian countries, appearance of new middle-class consumers
Stronger regulations for alcoholic beverages worldwide
Prolonged stagnation of the world economy due to the spread of COVID-19, coupled with a drop in inbound tourism
Decline in overall demand caused by Japan’s falling birth rate and aging population
Sharp increase in distribution and labor costs
Strong standard and premium brands in the domestic market
The world’s sole example of the Collaborative Contract Farming System (CCFS) to breed barley and hops for the procurement of raw materials
Operation of contact points among customers, including Japan’s oldest beer hall
Strong partnerships with Bacardi and Taittinger leading to a greater variety of products under distribution
Third-largest share in the Canadian beer market
No. 1 share for Asian beer in the U.S market (No. 1 Asian beer for 33 consecutive years)
  Fiscal 2019 Achievements and Issues
Major Achievements
Continued aggressive investments in the beer business, in line with the policy of “continuation of strengthening the beer busi- ness” for Japan. As a result, sales of Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label-brand canned products saw fifth consecutive year of growth
Continued increase in revenue centered on the ready-to-drink (RTD) item Sapporo Chu-hi 99.99 (Four Nines), launched in August 2018
Return to profitability in Vietnam in fiscal 2018, with further profitability realized in fiscal 2019
Continued increase in revenue for North American brand
SAPPORO PREMIUM
Major Issues
Growing competitiveness of new-genre market and accelerating shift toward RTD products in Japan
In North America, steep rise in distribution costs similar to Japan, with adverse effects on revenue
Difficulty in revitalizing Anchor brand in the U.S. amid growing number of new craft beer brands.

Business Strategy Alcoholic Beverages
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 21
Basic Strategy for Alcoholic Beverages
Increase Domestic Beer Market Share Enhance Presence in North America Action Plan Fiscal 2020 Initiatives
     1 Turn the changes in Japan’s beer market caused by unification of liquor taxes into opportunities
2 Redefine the value offered to customers at the reasonable and premium levels
3 Expand share in Canadian market, and acquire manufacturing bases in the U.S. while expanding market share therein
Beer: Establish Diverse Portfolio and Strengthen Contact Points
We plan to leverage the strength of our various brands, with a focus on Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label (p.23) and YEBISU (p.24), in order to increase our brand presence. We will also accelerate the growth of the already growing Sapporo Classic beer and Sapporo Lager Beer brands and strengthen our efforts in areas where there is room for market expansion. In addition, we launched sales of Kronenbourg 1664 Blanc in November 2019, and three products from Anchor Brewing Company, LLC in March 2020. Going forward, we will accommodate a wide spectrum of customers looking for beers with a variety of tastes and characteristics.
   Premium Value
Beer: Increase efforts related to
Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label (p.23) and YEBISU (p.24). Wine: Strengthen contact points between customers and fine wine brands such as Taittinger and Grande Polaire.
Canadian Market
Strengthen strategic brands held under Sleeman Breweries Ltd. and optimize portfolio. Continue to invest management resources in premium brands while working to enhance RTD products.
Reasonable Value
New genre: Undertake a meticulous pursuit of flavor-
based value through our two-pillar strategy (p.25).
RTD: Spread brands by associating them with drink-
ing in settings such as the home or restaurants.
Spirits: Leverage Sapporo Lemon Sour, Kokuimo-
brand blended imo shochu, and other products to meet the demand for alcoholic beverages while making them a fixture in the home.
U.S. Market
Maximize synergies between Sapporo U.S.A, Inc. and Anchor Brewing Company in both manufacturing and sales, strengthen sales of SAPPORO PREMIUM and Anchor brands, and improve profit structure.
         
Business Strategy Alcoholic Beverages TOPICS
   01Creating a New Vision
Sapporo Breweries formulated a new vision to coincide with the start of 2020. This vision, introduced as society shifts and changes take place to what customers value, reaffirms our belief in our brands as a source for growth while imparting our brand story in a way that moves the hearts of customers. In doing so, it encapsu- lates the kind of company we want to be—one that will help create the future.
As we go forward, we will increase the appeal of our brands, meet customer needs, and put forth new ways to enjoy alcoholic beverages.
Corporate Philosophy Framework and Vision
Corporate Philosophy
To pursue the craftsman’s spirit – For our consumers to discover a new enjoyment and enrichment.
Vision
To be somebody’s first company, somebody’s first shining star that enriches the lives of people from around the world, by bringing new and unique connections to them with alcoholic beverages.
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 22
     Be KAITAKU: Pioneer Spirit
Code of Conduct
Be KAITAKU, in the creation of ideas that connect with consumers
Be KAITAKU, for the future of alcoholic beverages Be KAITAKU, in the building of well-loved brands Be KAITAKU, in resonating with society
  
Business Strategy Alcoholic Beverages TOPICS
   02Sapporo Breweries’ Value —Premium & Reasonable—
“Premium & Reasonable” is an important concept for Sapporo Breweries when it comes to providing value. Lifestyles, workstyles, pastimes, and tastes have diversified over time, and as a result the value that customers demand has moved to two ends of a spectrum. This is true even within the same customer, depending on his or her current mood. In times such as these, products with no clear value on either end of the spectrum are largely ignored.
Therefore, it is important that the kind of value provided be clear and communicated properly at contact points between the brand and the customer. Sapporo Breweries offers customers both the utmost premium value and reasonable value.
Two Ends of a Spectrum in a Single Customer
03A Story Delivered through Our Brands The canned version of Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label has seen sales
increase for five years consecutively, with growing support particularly among males in their 20s and 30s.
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 23
      Brand Vision Truly delicious draft beer, even at home; this is the idea that sparked the 1977 launch of Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label, a “draft in a bottle” that remains dedicated to delivering the delicious flavor of draft beer to this day. “Perfect” flavor is always the goal. It is the perfect balance between the umami flavor and the refresh- ing aftertaste. It is the creamy foam that keeps the taste and aroma fresh. Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label will continue to evolve, with our goal to produce a beer enjoyed by beer-loving adults, a beer they will never tire of, no matter how many times they say “cheers!” with drinks in hand.
   Premium Value
Wishing to obtain the best products at any price The best and most beloved brands
for the customer
Reasonable Value
Balancing affordability with enjoyment
The most affordable-yet-satisfying brands
Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label (Can) Shipping Volume
Proportion of Males in Their 20s and 30s among Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label
      Consumers
All beer consumers
Existing Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label consumers
New Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label consumers
Males in their 20s
“All beer consumers” includes existing consumers and new consumers. • Existing consumers have been consumers for three years or longer.
• New consumers began consuming within the last year.
Source: Survey by Sapporo Breweries (conducted in March 2019)
  Leverage our brands to deliver our brand story and move the hearts of our customers
8.8% 6.2%
 12.3% 15.6%
       25.9%
 19.3%
 Males in their 30s
 ’14 ’15 ’16
’17 ’18 ’19
Sales increase for five consecutive years

Business Strategy Alcoholic Beverages TOPICS
   03 A Story Delivered through Our Brands
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 24
     Brand Vision YEBISU is brewed based on the German Beer Purity Law and is a trailblazer in genuine beer. Since its creation, we have continued to refine its flavor and polish our techniques, and, throughout its history to the present day, it has been a driving force of Japanese beer. Sticking to the particulars for barley, hops, and yeast—as dictated by the German Beer Purity Law—allows for a higher-quality, delicious beer with a full body. Going forward, YEBISU will continue to progress as a genuine beer backed by history.
 The most delicious beer is the first one of the day.
Our casual, drop-in, standing bar seeks to capture the deliciousness of that first draft beer. Enjoy a new endeavor for Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label, a beer aimed at perfection.
The Perfect Time and Space to Experience Draft Beer —Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label THE BAR
  In July 2019, the Company opened Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label THE BAR in Ginza, a new contact point where customers can experience and enjoy the flavor and brand of Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label.
Number of Visitors (2019) 31,000
       The bar gives customers the chance to try high-quality drinks while getting a sense of our brand worldview, and it is helping draw the attention of new fans, particularly those in their 20s and 30s.
        Perfect Black Label
Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label continues to be dedicated to preserving the deliciousness of a good draft. Only Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label from a barrel that clears the “three Cs” can be recognized and offered up as Perfect Black Label.
 Creamy Clear Cold
Perfect, creamy foam Perfect, clear beer Perfect, cold temperature
  130 Years of YEBISU
On February 25, 2020, YEBISU celebrated its 130th anniversary. Since that day in 1890, when we began sales, we have worked with the aspiration of ensuring that beer in Japan is the most delicious in the world, and we will continue to polish its flavor and perfect our techniques.
 
Business Strategy Alcoholic Beverages TOPICS
   03 A Story Delivered through Our Brands
Brand-Related Actions to Mark 130 Years of YEBISU
In light of the anniversary of YEBISU, we are working on brand-related actions, so that customers can newly appreciate YEBISU for not only its variety of flavors but also its worldview and a body that has been polished for 130 years.
We will go forward with efforts to bring YEBISU back into the spotlight, and will do so by increasing the number of contact points for customers and making sure that each point expresses the appeal of YEBISU.
New-Genre Products
Mugi to Hop GOLD STAR
Maximization of Customer Satisfaction with
Flavor through Our Two-Pillar Strategy
In 2003, Sapporo Breweries launched Draft One, creating a “new-genre,” or “third- category beer” as it is also known, and since then this category has grown in leaps and bounds.
The expectations put upon this new genre are on the rise again, and now products need to provide a full-fledged flavor experience in addition to being affordable.
To respond to these expectations, Sapporo Breweries is leveraging two brands to promote a two-pillar strategy.
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 25
          Communication
Proclaim the appealing points of YEBISU
Limited-edition products
 YEBISU Ginjou
YEBISU THE HOP
      Two-Pillar Strategy Based on Different Technical Approaches
Mugi to Hop—Bringing New-Genre Products Closer and Closer to Beer
In addition to giving thorough attention to quality, from selection of raw materials to manufacturing methods—a given for us—we are always mindful about bringing smiles to those who enjoy beer and pursuing a flavor that comes close to matching that of beer made with 100% barley. These efforts, in a product delivered at an affordable price, make lives more enjoyable and enriching.
GOLD STAR—Made with the Full Confidence of Sapporo Breweries
We want to make new-genre products that satisfy customers down to the bottom of their hearts. Out of that desire, we use the delicious, flavor-retaining malt used in Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label along with the German aroma hops used in YEBISU as raw materi- als. As such, it is Sapporo Breweries’ “gold star,” created with its outstanding beer-brew- ing techniques.
  Off-premises
Gold tumblers
On-premises
YEBISU, committed to providing the highest quality
YEBISU BAR
 Over-the-counter promotional products
Gift items
   
Business Strategy
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 26
  Food & Soft Drinks
Creating Delicious New Products That Enrich and Brighten People’s Lives
Revenue (Fiscal year ended December 2019) ¥136.9billion
Core Operating Loss (Fiscal year ended December 2019)
¥(0.5)
Note: Fiscal 2020 forecasts for the Food & Soft Drinks business segment have not been presented in light of current difficulties in making reasonable calculations stemming from the spread of COVID-19.
billion
          Risks and Growth Opportunities
Strengths
Growing demand for health foods with emphasis on foods high in vegetable-based protein Expanding demand for convenience and trend toward time-saving
Changing taxation laws and regulations in Japan and overseas (sugar taxes, etc.) Prolonged stagnation of the world economy due to the spread of COVID-19, coupled with a drop in inbound tourism
Decline in overall demand caused by Japan’s falling birth rate and aging population Increasing costs for distribution and labor
Expertise in both food and soft drinks businesses
Development capabilities for lemon-based and soup products and high market share High share of soy milk yogurt market
High market share for green tea drinks in Singapore
Research and development capabilities for both lactic acid bacteria SBL88 and lemons, as well as processing technology for powdered and freeze-dried products, etc.
  Fiscal 2019 Achievements and Issues
Major Achievements
In domestic soft drinks, lemon-based drinks and Kaga Bo-Hojicha Roasted Green Tea performed well
In lemon-based foods, POKKA Lemon 100 and Lemon Kaju o Hakko Sasete Tsukutta Lemon no Su (lemon vinegar made from fermented lemon juice) succeeded in capturing the health-conscious consumer market
In soy bean and chilled products, soy milk yogurt product SOYBIO and other items contributed to strong sales growth Overseas, maintained the No. 1 spot in the Singapore tea drinks market, with a roughly 70% share of the green tea market Newly consolidated Yasuma Co., Ltd. contributed to revenue and profits
Major Issues
In Japan, growing need to pay close attention and respond to diversifying customer tastes while maintaining high manage- ment efficiency
Rising costs caused by steep increases in distribution and labor expenses, in addition to fierce competition among beverage manufacturers

Business Strategy Food & Soft Drinks
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 27
Basic Strategy for Food & Soft Drinks
   Create next-generation business fields using plant-based materials
Action Plan Fiscal 2020 Initiatives
Strengthen soy bean and chilled products, as well as soup and lemon businesses
Restructure low-return businesses
   1 Create new categories of next-generation,
plant-based materials
2 Ensure profit generation in lemon and soup businesses
3 Carry out structural reforms of domestic vending machine management and reallocation of management resources
Soy Bean and Chilled Products Business
Improve awareness of soy milk yogurts, expand customer contact points, and accelerate growth in the “Food” field.
       Lemon Business
Put forth scenarios that involve lemon use and disseminate health value and encour- age activities that further increase demand for POKKA Lemon 100 (p.28) and lemon vinegar products.
Soup Business
Permeate the solid cup soup market by launching new products suitable to the times, in addition to revitalizing our flag- ship brand, Jikkuri Kotokoto.
         Increase Profitability of Domestic Vending Machine Business
through Structural Reforms
Raise area efficiency by shifting to an efficiency-focused strategy, withdrawing from unprofitable locations, and enacting other measures to improve operations.

Business Strategy Food & Soft Drinks TOPICS
   SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 28
  Becoming a Company That Can Communicate Everything about Lemons
With a history of over 60 years, the lemon business is a core business for POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage and is a strength in and of itself. By proposing lemon-based eating habits, we hope to spread the fondness of lemons, be it for one customer, or for many. In that spirit, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage is working to expand the lemon market as a whole.
Expanding the Domestic Lemon Market by Growing the Lineup of Lemon-Related Products
          Growing Lemons Together with Local Regions— Connecting Lemon Cultivation to the Future Recently, increasing demand for lemons has caused the domestic lemon market to expand. However, since lemon production is being affected by issues such as Japan’s aging population and a lack of people to take over farms, the lemon yield is falling and, as a result, producers cannot respond to the growing demand for lemons. In response to these issues, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage aims to contribute to the further revitalization of the domestic lemon market, by actively engaging in lemon cultivation and promoting lemon production together with lemon farmers. One of the company’s partners in this regard, Osakikamijima Town, Hiroshima Prefecture, started cultivating lemons from April 2019. Through this initiative, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage, working together with local regions, aims to create an agricultural environment that will further increase the value of lemons and further revitalize domestically cultivated lemons.
Creating and Providing Lemon-Based Value
POKKA SAPPORO Food &
Beverage launched POKKA
Lemon in 1957, and has
been developing products
that align with the changing
times ever since. This
includes rousing interest in
the expanded use of lemons and increasing the variety of capacities and containers. The company continues to provide lemon products that fit people’s lifestyles—from home-cooking to eating out—such as the 100% lemon juice, preservative- and additive-free POKKA Lemon 100, which lets you effortlessly enjoy the great taste of lemons, Kireto Lemon, and lemon products for business use that can be utilized in food and drinks at restaurants.
 Lemon Beverages (Sales volume)
108% Compared with Previous Fiscal Year
Sales Volume of POKKA Lemon 100 5,000KL
    Lemon Food Products (Sales volume)
107% Compared with Previous Fiscal Year
4,000KL
3,000KL
2,000KL
1,000KL
0
   1974
1980 1985 1990 1995 2000
2005 2010
2015 2019
Source: POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage’s POKKA Lemon 100 Sales Volume (From 1974 to 2011, totals are calculated using the period from April to March of the following year. From 2012 to 2019, totals are calculated using the period from January to December of the same year.)

Business Strategy
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 29
  Real Estate
Offering a “Luxurious Time” in a “Luxurious Space” for Cities and for Society as a Whole
Revenue (Fiscal year ended December 2019) ¥24.7billion
Core Operating Profit / Core Operating Profit Margin
(Fiscal year ended December 2019)
billion / 43.5
Note: Fiscal 2020 forecasts for the Real Estate business segment have not been presented in light of current difficulties in making reasonable calculations stemming from the spread
of COVID-19.
¥10.7
%
      Fiscal 2019 Achievements and Issues
Major Achievements
Maintained a high occupancy rate at Yebisu Garden Place, GINZA PLACE, and our other major properties. In addition, aggressive efforts to raise rent levels produced results that exceeded expectations
Carried out strategic review of property portfolio and made progress with urban development efforts to improve appeal of Ebisu area
Major Issues
Assets require regular maintenance and repair to improve their value in response to changing market conditions, etc.
 Risks and Growth Opportunities
Strengths
Rising interest in Ebisu, Sapporo, and Ginza
Planned reconstruction of the Souseigawa East Area in Sapporo City
Changes in market conditions due to increase in property supply
Prolonged stagnation of the world economy due to the spread of COVID-19, coupled with a drop in inbound tourism
Increasing competition among cities
Changing demand for office space amid workstyle reforms (teleworking, etc.)
Superior properties and strong relationships with local communities, primarily in the Ebisu, Sapporo, and Ginza districts, grounded on the history of the Sapporo Group
Stable cash flow generation
Synergies with Group companies in the “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks” fields
 
Business Strategy Real Estate
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 30
Basic Strategy for Real Estate
   Maintain a stable foundation of cash flow creation
Action Plan Fiscal 2020 Initiatives
Make proactive investments in new properties
Develop high-return business model
   1 Enhance the value of the Ebisu area, centered on
Yebisu Garden Place
2 Improve profitability of Sapporo Factory and promote future urban development
3 Acquire properties for future development and
create communities
Adapt to meet varying lifestyles and changing workstyles and increase convenience while also providing new functions and added value to continue sharpening profit trends and increase the brand value of the area as a whole
Continue work in line with the redevelopment plan for the Souseigawa East Area of Sapporo City and with changes in the surrounding area to put forth new lifestyles and create attractive urban spaces as a flagship location in the region
Increase value across the entire Real Estate business segment by promoting urban develop- ment in the Ebisu and Sapporo areas via strate- gic restructuring of our property portfolio and by working to earn profits in new business areas
        (Photo provided by REALGATE INC.)

Promoting Sustainability Management
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 31
The Sapporo Group’s
Sustainability Policy
The Sapporo Group established its Sapporo Group Sustainability Policy to vigorously promote sustainability management, which refers to efforts executed through its business activities to address social issues such as climate change, food loss, marine plastic waste, and regional revitalization.
Based on partnerships between employees of the Sapporo Group and stakeholders around the world, we are working to realize a sustainable society by creating both social and economic value.
P.02 The Sapporo Group’s Sustainability Policy
Sustainability Implementation
Structure
Sapporo Holdings has formulated an overall policy for imple- menting the Sapporo Group’s sustainability activities and
has established a Group Sustainability Promotion Committee. This committee is chaired by the president and representative director of the Company, who is responsible for coordination and adjustment within the Group.
The Sustainability Office within Sapporo Holdings’ Strategic Planning Department develops and implements various measures to promote sustainability activities at each Group company, holds monthly meetings for sustainability personnel, and shares information regarding its progress.
The Sapporo Group's Sustainability Implementation Structure (As of December 2019)
 Group Supervision
Sapporo Holdings Limited
 Board of Directors
 Management Meeting
  Group Sustainability Promotion Committee Chair: President and Representative Director
Acting Chair: Director of Corporate Planning
 Sustainability Materiality: Each Department in Charge
    Operating Companies
Sapporo Breweries Limited POKKA SAPPORO Food & Sapporo Real Estate Co., Ltd. Sapporo Lion Limited Beverage Ltd.
     Management Meeting
Management Meeting
Management Meeting
Management Meeting
     Practical Cooperative Ties
   Group Sustainability Representative Committee
Specialized Working Groups

Promoting Sustainability Management
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 32
Social Conditions and Issues
Surrounding the Sapporo Group
The society in which the Sapporo Group
exists is undergoing major changes at a rap-
idly accelerating rate. As a result of Japan’s
aging population and falling birth rate,
domestic demand for alcoholic beverages,
food, and soft drinks is on the decline.
However, if one looks to the global market,
the human population seems ready to explode
going forward. AI and 5G technological developments are impossible to deny, while lifestyles and tastes are becoming widely diverse.
On the other hand, the global market is built upon the earth’s environment. Climate change, food loss, and plastic waste are just some of the environ- mental and social issues that we are facing, in addition to an unprecedented global crisis caused by infectious outbreaks.
For the Sapporo Group, which relies on the blessings of nature to conduct business, environmental conservation coupled with the ability to adapt to environmental changes are particularly urgent issues. At the same time, there are new business opportunities stemming from lifestyle changes emerging as a result of the current global situation and from revisions to tax regulations related to the domestic liquor tax scheduled for gradual introduction in 2020
and full implementation in 2026. We will work to create richness in the business fields of “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks,” working with all of the regions where we do business and incorporating the values of employees and all other stakeholders.
Going forward, the Sapporo Group will continue to face social issues and strive to realize both a sustainable society and the sustainable growth of the Group as a way to bring happiness to people.
The Sapporo Group’s Environmental Vision 2050
(Formulated September 20, 2019)
“In appreciating the bounty of nature, each employee of Sapporo Group will proactively work for environmental conservation and realization of a sustainable society”
1. Realizing a carbon-free society Aim to achieve zero CO2 emissions at Company locations
Strive to reduce CO2 emissions from value chains outside Company locations 2. Realizing a recycling-oriented society
All segments of our group will work to achieve the 3Rs for business-related resources
• Seek to use materials that meet the requirements of a recycling-oriented society for 100% of our containers & packaging
• Continue our efforts to reduce the amount of water used at our factories so as to use water resources sustainably
3. Realizing a society in harmony with nature
Contribute to sustainable procurement through barley and hops R&D
Contribute to sustainable regional development that offer the feel of enriching time and space in harmony with nature
              
 Promoting Sustainability Management
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 33
Sustainable Smile Plan
With our Sustainability Policy, we will promote Sustainable Smile Plan,
a sustainability management strategy. Based on the medium- to long-term targets (2030) set for sustainability materiality, we will work to solve social issues through our businesses for a sustainable society.
Priority Challenges for Sustainability and 4 Key Promises

Promoting Sustainability Management
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 34
Identifying and Updating Materiality
The Sapporo Group identifies and maps sustainability priority issues on a materiality matrix, with significance to stake- holders on one axis and significance to management on the other. From there, potential top materiality is analyzed from various perspectives, such as guidelines, and the viewpoints of both stakeholders and managers. Based on that analysis, the materiality is identified and updated.
Updating Process
Step 1
Listing and updating of potential material issues
Step 2
Sorting out issues in each industry by analyzing guidelines
Step 3
Grasping level of interest and needs by studying stakeholders
Step 4
Quantitative needs / impact analysis based on scoring method
Step 5
Analysis of consistency with sustainability strategy through management review
Step 6
Drafting materiality map and identifying materiality
   Identifying Key Challenges
 Materiality
      Materiality
        Other Issues
                  Procurement from companies fulfilling CSR
Measures against global
warming
Ensuring of safety, reliability, and quality
Environmental management Recycling-oriented society HR development /
  Respect for human rights
                       Community support
Pursuit of innovation Employee health management
training Establishment / maintenance of
corporate governance system
                           Diversity Proper drinking awareness
   Enhancement of compliance / adherence
                                 Pursuit of quality t customer satisfacti
hat ensures on
                                                  Other Issues
Impact on management
        Environmental communication Work-life balance
Disaster recovery efforts Disaster risk management Rigorous information security Reinforcing fair and impartial partnerships
Dialogue and cooperation with stakeholders
 Impact on and interest of stakeholders

Promoting Sustainability Management
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 35
Medium- to Long-Term Targets for Addressing Sustainability Material Issues
Sapporo Holdings has established medium- to long-term targets for addressing its sustainability materiality issues, particularly those issues related to its business activities (identified in 2017). Furthermore, relevant United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) have also been included in each of the aforementioned targets.
The medium- to long-term targets align with the Sapporo Group’s Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED 150” and the First Medium-Term Management Plan, and their achievement is regarded as crucial for realizing the Group’s business strategies and individual measures. Each Group company will formulate and carry out detailed measures as we strive to achieve our goals, contribute toward realizing the SDGs, and create rewarding and enriching lifestyles for our customers.
    Promises
Materiality
SDGs
2.4 3.4 17.17
Medium- to Long-Term Targets to 2030
 Targets
            Contribute to Creative, Enriching and Rewarding Lifestyles Through Alcoholic Beverages, Food, and Soft drinks
Safety, reliability and quality
 2.1
• Continue our work of nurturing a corporate culture and training human resources to enhance the quality of “alcoholic beverages,” “food,” and “soft drinks” while building an effective quality assurance system based on global-standard food safety systems
• Pursue appropriate quality levels in line with customer needs and work to eliminate quality-related problems associated with our products and services
• Aggressively introduce new technologies to materialize high-level quality more efficiently
                   Creating new value
• Promote research and development that fulfills the needs for “palatability” and “health benefits” by being quick to capture evolving changes
• Offer new value to customers through products that build on the research and processing technology of plant derived materials, a field where we hold an advantage
• Strengthen cooperation inside and outside the Group, efficiently acquire diverse technologies and promote innovation
                      Providing education on responsible drinking and perpetuating the culture of beer
 3.4 3.6
• Promote educational programs aimed at eliminating inappropriate drinking ,including underage (before 20) drinking, drunk driving and alcohol harassment
• Contribute to the creation of enriching and rewarding lifestyles through our endeavors to perpetuate the culture of beer in Japan with museums and open-factory visits and through support for the “Association of Japan Beer Culture Study”
            Promote Coexistence with Society
Supporting local communities
8.9 11.3 17.7
• Contribute to regional development through each employee playing an active role in supporting their local community
• Connect local communities through our products and services as we work together to solve problems
• Collaborate with administrative agencies and our partners to promote the creation of enriching towns
in ways that help enhance the region’s appeal (Sapporo Real Estate, Sapporo Lion)
                          Sustainable procurement
10.3 13.1
• Aim to have at least 90% of our major suppliers meet the sustainability procurement guideline (Sapporo Breweries, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage)
        
Promoting Sustainability Management
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 36
Medium- to Long-Term Targets for Addressing Sustainability Material Issues
    Promise
Materiality
SDGs
Medium- to Long-Term Targets to 2030
 Targets
            Environmental Conservation
Preventing global warming
• Reduce CO2 emissions at Company locations by 20% from 2013 levels
• Strive to reduce CO2 emissions from value chains outside Company locations
             Promoting the 3Rs
2.1 6.4 7.2 12.2 12.3 12.4 12.5 13.1 14.1 15.4 17.16 17.17
Water resources
• Reduce the total water consumption at our production factories by 10% from 2013 levels (Sapporo Breweries, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage)
• Launch global measures against water-related risks to save water resources
        Containers & packaging
• Sustain and expand the use of lighter and simpler container packaging (“Reduce”)
• Expand the use of recyclable materials to diminish our dependence on exhaustible resources for
containers & packaging
• Contribute to the building of a sustainable, recycling-oriented society through strengthened
collaboration and cooperation with outside parties
                Wastes
• Aim to reduce food loss at our food service outlets and in food distribution (domestic group companies) • Reduce waste generation and raise the rate of reused food waste to 50% by 2024 (Sapporo Lion)
• Strive to increase the waste recycling rate, and achieve to 100% at our major factories (*) (domestic
Group companies (*Sapporo Breweries, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage))
             Harmonizing with nature
• Develop barley and hop varieties with more tolerance to climate change (Sapporo Breweries)
• Offer lifestyle alternatives that harmonize with nature for nearby residents, with a focus on Yebisu
Garden Place and Sapporo Factory (Sapporo Real Estate)
             Cultivate Highly Unique Employees
Health and productivity management
3.4
• Encourage employees and their families to raise their health awareness and effect behavioral change to maintain better health
                    Diversity & Inclusion and human rights
  5.5 8.5
• Aim to realize an environment that encourages each employee to have a deeper understanding of diversity and to work with passion and vitality
• Raise the proportion of women in management and executive positions (to a proportion equivalent to that of female workers among the entire workforce)
        Human resource develop- ment and training
• Establish a system that encourages employees to shine, inspiring them to “carve out their own careers” • Establish an environment where employees receiving cancer treatment and those providing nursing care
can keep working
• Increase the ratio of employees with disabilities to 3% of the workforce
      
Promoting Sustainability Management
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 37
Initiatives Based on Our 4 Key Promises
Contribute to Creative, Enriching and Rewarding Lifestyles through Alcoholic Beverages, Food, and Soft Drinks
We will offer the joy of living and richer lives to our customers by creating new value through alcoholic beverages, food, and soft drinks.
   Safety, Reliability, and Quality
Acquisition of Safety Certification for Breweries and Plants
Previously, the Sapporo Group owned eight major breweries and one plant, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage’s Gunma Plant, all with FSSC 22000 certification, which targets food manufacturing organizations and is the international standard for food safety management systems.
In 2019, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage’s Nagoya Plant became the newest plant to receive this certification. Moreover, OKINAWA POKKA FOODS CO., LTD. acquired ISO 22000:2018 certification, the most recent version of the certi- fication that targets food safety management systems. Going forward, the Sapporo Group will continue to improve its quality assurance systems.
Creating New Value
Lemon-Derived Functional Ingredients Proven Effective in Reducing Facial Swelling
Support for Women’s Success through Lemon-Derived Polyphenols
Clinical trials have verified the effectiveness of lemon-derived polyphenol, enzyme-treated hesperidin, extracted from green lemons, in reducing facial swelling.*1 This is a new health function for polyphenol. This is the first time in Japan that this effect has been verified with a lemon ingredient.*2
In Japan, more than 70% of women have experienced swelling, and more than two in three people are suffering from swelling.*3
In the future, we will con- tinue to research and develop products displaying health functions that can be seen or felt and will work to solve day-to-day problems through food. In doing so, we will deliver wellness and bring smiles to our customers.
*1 Joint research with Toyo Sugar Refining Co., Ltd., published in “Japanese Pharmacology & Therapeutics,” Volume 47, Issue 2 (2019)
*2 In-house survey (as of September 12, 2019)
*3 In-house survey (conducted in September 2019 via online survey targeting
Japanese men and women in their 20s–50s)
Providing Education on Responsible Drinking
and Perpetuating the Culture of Beer
Spreading of Japanese Beer Culture and Contributions to Fulfilling Lives
The one and only Beer Museum in
Japan—Sapporo Beer Museum
The museum conveys the history of
Japanese beer, born of the devotion
and passion of great figures, and
also imparts the spirit and stories
passed on through the beer inherited by Sapporo Breweries.
Museum of YEBISU BEER—Built on the Birthplace of YEBISU
YEBISU was born in 1890 in Ebisu, Tokyo. The museum is a place where you can take in the birthplace of YEBISU, transcendent of history
and time.
Cooperation with the General
Incorporated Association of Japan
Beer Culture Study
To encourage people to deepen their
knowledge of and fondness for beer,
we have been implementing the
Japan Beer Certificate Examination since 2012. As of 2019, the cumulative total number of applicants for the test is approximately 27,000, with the number of applicants increasing in recent years.
Note: For information on spreading proper drinking awareness, please refer to the section “Alcohol-Related Problems” on page 49.
        
Promoting Sustainability Management
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 38
Initiatives Based on Our 4 Key Promises
Promote Coexistence with Society
We will contribute to community development and solve issues as a member of local societies, in addition to creating a better future along with everyone in society.
   Supporting Local Communities
Resolution of Social Issues through
Collaborative Agreements
Since its founding, the Sapporo Group has cherished its ties to the areas and local communities with which it has a long history. Beginning with a comprehensive collaborative agreement with Hokkaido Prefecture in 2007, the Group has gone on to establish a collaborative agreement with Fukushima Prefecture. All in all, the Sapporo Group has established 63 agreements with local municipalities and universities across Japan as of February 2020. We will continue our ongoing efforts to promote regional revitalization, urban development, disaster prevention, and the resolution of other social issues into the future.
Thirty-Four Years of Support for the Hakone Ekiden
The Hakone Ekiden is a relay marathon synonymous with the Japanese New Year. Sapporo Breweries has supported the Hakone Ekiden since 1987, for a total of 34 years.
Every year, Group employees conduct charity sales near the outbound finish of Lake Ashi and donate a part of the sales to the Hakone Trust Fund, established by Hakone, Kanagawa Prefecture.
As we value our connections with the athletes who support the Hakone Ekiden, the people involved and their families, and the surrounding area, we will continue to connect with more people in the future.
Sustainable Procurement
Sustainable Procurement Education for Suppliers
Based on the Sapporo Group Procurement Basic Policy and the Sapporo Group Supplier Sustainability Procurement Guideline, the Group has chosen six main subjects to frame two-way communication with suppliers and undertake cooperative sus- tainability-related efforts: safety and quality, compliance with laws, human rights and labor, environmental conservation, coexistence with society, and alcoholic beverage-related issues. Through these efforts, we aim to realize a healthy and enrich- ing society.
At supplier-oriented information sessions about our market- ing policies, we provide explanations and education regarding the Sapporo Group’s approach to sustainable procurement.
    
Promoting Sustainability Management
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 39
Initiatives Based on Our 4 Key Promises
Environmental Conservation
In order to pass on nature’s bounty to the future, we will strive to prevent global warming, promote the 3Rs, and achieve symbiosis with nature at every phase.
    Preventing Global Warming and Promoting
the 3Rs
New Products Launched in “Cartocan”
Paper Beverage Containers
Ahead of the curve in the soft drinks industry, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage adopted the “cartocan” in 1996, a container composed of 30% or more domestic materials, including thinned wood, which is wood produced during forest thinning. We have also participated in initiatives of the Morikami Association since its founding in 2004. The Morikami Association—derived from the words “mori,” meaning “forest,” and “kami,” for “paper”—was formed to promote forest-friendly paper beverage containers. As a member, we are working to popularize the cartocan as a familiar eco-tool.
Through its use of thinned wood, the cartocan contributes
to the prevention of global warming as a part of forest conserva- tion and cultivation, which promotes CO2 emissions absorption by healthy forests.
In February 2020, we launched Umami Maroyaka Ryokucha with the concept of a tea that could be used by all companies and organizations for meetings and with visitors. Due to the recent increase in environmental awareness, it
has been well received by companies and organi- zations wanting beverages that do not use plastic containers.
Furthermore, a portion of sales is donated to the Green Fund, which, among other activities, is used for providing financial assistance to volunteer organizations that take part in forest maintenance.
Lightweight Aluminum Can Lids for Beer Taste Beverages for Reducing CO2 Emissions
In June 2019, Sapporo Breweries took home a prize at the 43rd Kinoshita Awards, sponsored by Japan Packaging Institute, in the Kaizen and Rationalization Category for the “development of lightweight aluminum can lids for beer taste beverages.” The lids, which are about 7% lighter than conven- tional lids, were designed and manufactured by the Daiwa Can Company, while Sapporo Breweries carried out evaluations for their practical use in a joint initiative. Replacing the can lids of our beer taste products with these lightweight lids would reduce CO2 emissions by approximately 1,200 tons per year (based on 2018 figures). The characteristic feature of these lids is newly devised depressions formed by beading* on the surface of the lid, in order to achieve the same level of quality as that of conventional lids while being thinner. We intend to adopt these lids for all of our beer taste beverages by 2022.
* Groove-shaped depression on the surface of a can lid
Left: Conventional can lid
Right: Lightweight aluminum can lid
Harmonizing with Nature
Support for Regional Conservation
In fiscal 2016, Sapporo Breweries
launched a limited release of the
Shinshu Environmental Support
Can of Sapporo Draft Beer Black
Label in Nagano Prefecture. In
fiscal 2017, Sapporo Breweries
entered into the Biodiversity
Protection Partnership Agreement,
and ¥1 for every can sold is donated to the ongoing environ- mental conservation efforts of Shinshu (the traditional name
of Nagano Prefecture). In addition, the Saitama Environmental Support Can of Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label was launched in November 2019 to support the “Umi-to-Nippon Project (the Ocean and Japan Project).” In Hokkaido, Sapporo Breweries, in cooperation with CO-OP Sapporo and Hokkaido Prefecture, launched the “Re-energize the Forests of Hokkaido!” campaign in 2013. This project, currently known as “Cheers to the Seas and Forests of Hokkaido!,” supports the conservation of Hokkaido’s forests.
Moreover, in March 2020 OKINAWA POKKA CORPORATION CO., LTD. released limited quantities of Ganso Sanpin-cha (Okinawan jasmine tea), with special packaging featuring natu- ral sightseeing spots and rare creatures from the Yanbaru area in the northern region of the main island of Okinawa. This effort is intended to support the Yanbaru area, which has put in a bid to become a World Heritage Site, and a portion of sales will be donated toward environmental conservation activities.
    
Promoting Sustainability Management
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 40
Initiatives Based on Our 4 Key Promises
Cultivating Highly Unique Employees
We respect diverse employees and foster the development of an environment that allows each employee to demonstrate his or her ability to the maximum extent.
   Health and Productivity Management
Certified as 2020 Excellent Enterprise of Health
and Productivity Management (White 500)
Sapporo Holdings and its Group companies have been awarded the Excellent Enterprise of Health and Productivity Management certification, a distinction granted by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry to businesses with exceptional health management.
Our Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150” states, “Our greatest asset is our human resources, and we aim for human resources who are healthy in body and mind; who have the energy, cheerfulness, and positivity to take on challenges and “Go Beyond Boundaries” in new fields; and who are pleased to be working in the Sapporo Group.” In that spirit, we have formulated the Sapporo Group Health Creation Declaration and are working to implement workstyle reforms and maintain and improve employee health.
We will continue to strengthen our efforts to improve the health of all employees of the Sapporo Group.
Diversity & Inclusion and Human Rights
Sapporo Management Seminar
The Sapporo Group promotes “diversity and inclusion,” in which the experience, abilities, and ideas of its entire range of diverse employees can be utilized.
In 2020, we held a management seminar for management- level employees featuring members of the LGBT community and cancer survivors from within the country. By helping attendees recognize the existence of diverse communities and get a grasp of the feelings of people in these communities— which can be difficult to understand from an outside perspec- tive—this seminar served as a chance to encourage managers to see and respect their fellow employees as equals and think of how to create work conditions that allow a diverse set of human resources to fully display their abilities.
Going forward, we will continue to educate managers on their important roles in the workplace.
Human Resource Development and Training
In-House Internship Program
In 2019, the Sapporo Group introduced its In-House Internship Program on a trial basis as a new measure aimed at career development. The program is an initiative aimed at fostering a culture that encourages career development for young and mid-career employees and communication across departments (going “Beyond Boundaries”) and at allowing participants (“interns”) to perform duties in a department of their choosing. This enables the intern to gain experience with the current work being done in their accepting department and apply it to their future careers. We expect this program to have synergistic benefits, in that the accepting department will be able to gain new, never-before-seen perspectives from the influx of new, short-term human resources.
   In-House Internship Program
Application to desired department
Participating intern
“Beyond Boundaries” experience
Offer to host program
Accepting department
    Open call for participants
   Note: After completing their “Beyond Boundaries” experience, participants hold a briefing session to share information and report on the business site.

   SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 41
    Special Feature 1
Committed to Quality
Raw Materials for over 140 Years—
Sapporo Breweries Meets the Challenge
Sapporo Breweries has held the same conviction since its founding in 1876, “To make delicious beer from nothing but the finest raw materials.” In this spirit, the Company shows its commitment to the pro- curement of fine raw materials through its dedication to breeding its own barley and hops, and by adopt- ing the proprietary Collaborative Contract Farming System, ensuring that these raw materials are at hand.
“Breeding” refers to our R&D efforts, which cross-fertilize plant lines with different char- acteristics to create never-before-seen, high-quality cultivars. We are working with universities, research institutions, malting companies, and hop dealers in Japan and overseas to develop new varieties of raw materials at our various bases—the Raw Material R&D Center, the Raw Material Quality Control Center (for barley), and the Hokkaido R&D Center (for hops) at the Crop Research Laboratories. In addition, the know-how cultivated through our aforementioned R&D efforts is also utilized in our Collaborative Contract Farming System, which delivers quality from the field onward.
Fueled with the desire to deliver delicious beer to customers, our over 140-year commitment to raw materials has led to our efforts to resolve sustainability material issues. To bring smiles to the customers of tomorrow, we will help realize a sustainable society by continuing to make beer out of these raw materials.
 Resolving Sustainability Material Issues through Breeding and the Collaborative Contract Farming System
1. Creating New Value Creating Value, Starting with Raw Materials
2. Safety, Reliability, and Quality
P.42
P.42
P.43
    Pursuing High Quality through the Collaborative Contract Farming System
3. Supporting
Local Communities
  Ensuring Mutual Prosperity through the Development, Production, and Commercialization of Raw Materials
4. Promoting the 3Rs Utilizing Anti-Food Loss Measures
P.43
  5. Harmonizing with Nature Developing Barley and Hops Resilient to Climate Change Teaching the Next Generation
 P.44
   
 Committed to Quality Raw Materials for over 140 Years—Sapporo Breweries Meets the Challenge
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 42
1. Creating New Value 2. Creating Value, Starting with Raw Materials
One of the causes for the deterioration of beer over time is the enzyme lipoxygenase-1 (LOX-1), which is present in barley. After years of research, Sapporo Breweries, in collaboration with Okayama University, succeeded in finding barley lines that did not contain the enzyme responsible for the degradation of beer flavor. Collaborative work with breeding institutions around the world has produced variations of this LOX-less barley, with successful cultivation of these varieties taking place in Canada and Australia. When used in malt production, LOX-less barley keeps beer fresh for longer, and improves the quality of the beer foam. As such, it is utilized in Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label as “flavor-retaining malt.”
In a recent case, we developed a new cultivar, “Kitanohoshi,” by cross-breeding LOX-less barley with a superior-quality barley variety from Hokkaido, which is now being produced and commercialized.
Products made with “flavor-retaining malt” (LOX-less barley-derived malt)
Left: Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label (partial use) Right: Sapporo Hokkaido Draft Beer Miracle Barley
Safety, Reliability, and Quality
Pursuing High Quality through the Collaborative Contract Farming System
In order to provide customers with deliciousness that is safe and secure, Sapporo Breweries is thoroughly dedicated to the procurement of raw materials. This is the crux of the Collaborative Contract Farming System, developed with growers and suppliers.
   1 2 3
The main elements of the Collaborative Contract Farming System are:
Sapporo knows who grow the barley and hops, where they are grown How they are cultivated
Direct communication between Sapporo and the growers
   These three elements make up the Sapporo Breweries’ barley and hops procurement system, and allows the Company to work with growers to produce barley and hops from the field.
Collaborative Contract Farming System
        Growers
     Sapporo Breweries
Suppliers of barley and hops
 Kitanohoshi
Flow of information
Flow of items
 Special Feature 1
 
 Committed to Quality Raw Materials for over 140 Years—Sapporo Breweries Meets the Challenge
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 43
3. Supporting
Local Communities
Ensuring Mutual Prosperity through the Development, Production, and Commercialization of Raw Materials
Kamifurano in Hokkaido Prefecture is the only region in Japan that produces both malting barley and hops developed by Sapporo Breweries. We promote the region by brewing beers, on behalf of Kamifurano, from barley and hops produced in Kamifurano to sup- port its local events.
4. Promoting the 3Rs Utilizing Anti-Food Loss Measures
Food loss is a major social problem. Sapporo Breweries has been able to extend the shelf life of its products through efforts that include the adoption of LOX-less barley (barley lacking the enzyme that causes beer deterioration) as a raw material in “flavor-retaining malt,” manufacturing methods that do not introduce oxygen in the production process, and distribution methods that maintain a constant temperature and prevent shaking of products during transport.
           Several factors, including declining demand for beer, aging growers, and
a lack of successors, have led to the volume of Japanese-produced raw materials decreasing every year. In response, Sapporo Breweries has developed barley and hop varieties and
is working to spread their production in Japan. Going forward, we will continue to engage in the sustainable development of raw materials as well as in more vigorous production and commercialization to increase brand value and thereby help revitalize Japanese raw materials.
Marugoto Kamifurano—a made-in-Kamifurano product
Products Utilizing Japanese Barley and Hops
Left: Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label Extra Brew
Right: Sapporo Hokkaido Draft Beer Miracle Barley Kitanohoshi
Shelf life of beer taste products extended from nine months to 12 months, expiration dates rolled forward on labeling to reflect longer shelf life (e.g., best-before dates in the last third of a month rolled forward to next month)
Note: The above achievements are regarding cans and bottles produced in Japan.
Flavor-retaining malt
Manufacturing methods that do not introduce oxygen in the production process
Distribution methods for reducing deterioration (maintenance of tem- perature, prevention of shaking of products, etc.)
         Special Feature 1
 
 Committed to Quality Raw Materials for over 140 Years—Sapporo Breweries Meets the Challenge
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 44
5.
Harmonizing with Nature
Developing Barley and Hops Resilient to Climate Change
In 2017, Sapporo Holdings concluded a comprehensive partnership agreement with Tokyo University of Agriculture, in order to contribute to the resolution of global food and environmental problems. Sapporo Breweries and the university are currently conducting joint research on how to develop a novel method to select hop germplasm with better root system development, under the hypothesis that such hop plants may show better resilience to extraordinary weather phenomena caused by climate change, including droughts and other kinds of water stress.
Teaching the Next Generation
Sapporo Breweries, in cooperation with Okayama University, holds an annual barley experience event at its Gunma Brewery to foster envi- ronmental awareness in children, the leaders of the next generation. This event for local elementary school students has been ongoing since 2008. By providing hands-on experience sowing and harvesting barley, a crop that is widely cultivated in the northern Kanto region, we offer opportunities to experience nature and deepen interest in local agricultural products.
Hands-on experience harvesting barley
        Joint research and surveying with Tokyo University of Agriculture
Hands-on experience sowing barley
 Special Feature 1
 
   Committed to Quality Raw Materials for over 140 Years—Sapporo Breweries Meets the Challenge
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 45
     Supporting the TCFD’s Recommendations
Sapporo Holdings agrees with the recommendations put forth by the TCFD,* which encourage companies to evaluate and manage risks and opportunities associated with climate change and to disclose information, and is therefore actively promot- ing such information disclosure. We are currently conducting scenario analyses based on the progress of climate change.
* The Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. It was established by the Financial Stability Board (FSB), an international institution that includes the participation of central banks and financial regulators of major countries. The TCFD provides a framework for information disclosure related to climate change.
      Opening of the Grande Polaire Hokkaido Hokuto Vineyard
In recent times, partly due to global warming, ideal cultivation zones for wine grapes have been gradually moving north. Keeping its eye on the future, Sapporo Breweries opened up the Grande Polaire Hokkaido Hokuto Vineyard in the city of Hokuto, Hokkaido Prefecture, in June 2018. Phase 1 of planting at the vineyard began in 2019, and plant- ing for Phase 2 in 2020 has taken place as well. The land was originally used by a Trappist monastery in 1896 and covers a vast 25.4 hectares. The area features optimal growing conditions, including soil and a climate ideal for the cultivation of high-quality grapes for winemaking. This is the third Company-owned vineyard, joining the Azumino Ikeda Vineyard (12.6 hectares) and the Nagano Furusato Vineyard (3 hectares).
Grand Polaire is the flagship brand of Japanese wine within the wine business, and was launched in 2003 as a world-class prestige wine. The most distinguishing feature of the brand is its exquisite harmony and perfect balance between “land, nature, and people,” drawing from the individual characteristics of the grapes grown in Hokkaido, Nagano, Yamanashi, and Okayama—our four grape-growing areas. Its high quality has been the subject of much praise in Japan and overseas, as well as the recipient of several awards. One may say that Japanese wine is a business that embodies the craftsmanship that is at the core of the Sapporo Group. We will continue with excitement to create a world-class luxury brand that is the pride of Japan.
    Special Feature 1

 The Sapporo Group’s R&D Strategy
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 46
Creating New Value with Sapporo Innovation Labs
The Sapporo Group promotes R&D in order to sow the seeds of future growth. Central to this goal, and to serve as a foundational guide for the Group’s growth as a food manufacturer, is Sapporo Innovation Labs, a cross-functional R&D structure aimed at creating synergies. To support new value creation, we have organized our efforts into four research fields, positioned as a wellspring of R&D competitiveness and created over many years of R&D dedicated to the pursuit of quality, the seeking of high-value materials, and the creation of delicious flavor.
In a time when customer tastes are diversifying more and more, we will continue to be steadfast in our commitment to delicious flavor and engage in R&D from a unique perspective.
TOPICS
The Sapporo Group’s First Functional Food,
Switch Lactic Acid
The research demonstrating the functionality of lactic acid bacteria SBL88 continues to mount up. SBL88 is derived from barley used as an ingredient for beer produced by the Sapporo Group.
As part of research dedicated to sleep quality, large-scale clinical trials on human subjects confirmed SBL88’s effective- ness in reducing drowsiness and promoting greater fatigue recovery upon waking up. Sapporo Wellness Lab Limited, established in February 2019, launched the functional food Switch Lactic Acid in April 2020, turning these research results into a material product. This product is aimed at the many people who suffer from sleep-related issues and will help them improve their sleep quality and support a bustling daily lifestyle. Going forward, the Sapporo Group will draw from its knowledge and materials to bring forth new value.
     New Food Value Creation
4 Core Technologies
                       Learn about customers
Food information science
Seek out new tasty food
Research into materials and functions
Create new tasty food
Manufacturing and processing technology
 Ensure tasty food
Quality assurance
              Cross-Functional R&D Structure
Sapporo Innovation Labs
   Sapporo Breweries
POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage
Other Companies
 Special Feature 1
 
  Special Feature 2
The Sapporo Group’s Urban Development— Deepening Relationships with Local Communities
 Since its founding, the Sapporo Group has engaged in a variety of efforts dedicated to ensuring quality and com- mitted to securing fine raw materials, never forgetting that manufacturing is its fundamental starting point. At the same time, the Group has also carried out development while placing importance on connections—regions that have a connection to the Group and contact points with local communities. Our various business activities bring smiles to the faces of our customers, deliver delicious- ness, and offer richness and fulfillment. By doing so, we hope to continue as a group that both has the trust of local communities and contributes to their development.
SAPPORO
Once the Site of the Kaitakushi Brewery, Now a Place for Locals to Relax
Sapporo, Hokkaido Prefecture, was the home
of the Kaitakushi Brewery, the predecessor of Sapporo Breweries, making it at once the birth- place of the Sapporo Group and of Japanese beer.
Sapporo Factory, built on the site of the Kaitakushi Brewery, is now a place for locals to relax, home to a myriad of shops and restaurants, a hotel, a cinema, service areas, and more, in addition to tour facilities that take visitors back through history to the heyday of the Kaitakushi era.
The Sapporo Beer Museum, located in Sapporo Factory, is one of the only beer museums in Japan. The museum helps communicate the history of Japanese beer created through the passionate efforts of Japanese brewers. At the same time, the museum tells the thoughts and stories passed on through beer over time. The
museum’s red-brick building—hearkening back to the Meiji era—and the Sapporo Beer Garden, both located within Sapporo Garden Park, have been designated as Hokkaido Heritage sites.
Working with Sapporo City— Urban Development through Beer
In 1972, Sapporo City became the only Japa- nese sister city of Munich, Germany, famous for the international beer festival Oktoberfest. Since then, the two cities have deepened their relationship through a variety of events, with active cooperation from the Sapporo Group. Since 2011, people have been able to enjoy delicious beer and food at the annual Autumn Beer Festival held at Sapporo Factory as part of the “Sapporo Urban Development through Beer” project, started to mark the 40th anni- versary of this sister city relationship.
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 47
    Sapporo Factory
 
   The Sapporo Group’s Urban Development—Deepening Relationships with Local Communities
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 48
GINZA
Delivering Top-Quality Beer in Ginza, an Area Close to the Company
  YEBISU
YEBISU, the Beer That Named a District
The Yebisu Beer Brewery was completed in 1889, in Mita-mura in the Ebara district, now the Mita district in the Meguro Ward of Tokyo. In 1901, the Yebisu Railyard was established as a dedicated cargo station for beer. Years later, it became a train passenger station, cur- rently known as JR Ebisu Station. In addition, the district’s name was changed to Ebisu as well. Cases of an area being renamed after a product brand are exceedingly rare.
Museum of YEBISU BEER is located at the site where YEBISU was born and follows the concept of “everything YEBISU, all in one place.” The museum welcomes numerous
Yebisu Garden Place
visitors who are able to experience the YEBISU brand worldview.
Creating Smiles and Cities with Roots in the Community
On October 8, 2019, Yebisu Garden Place celebrated 25 years since its development on the site of our old beer brewery, reopened as a trailblazing commercial complex.
We will work with cities and society as a whole to create and cultivate “luxurious times” in “luxurious spaces.” To that end, we have adopted the motto “create smiles and cities with roots in the community” and will engage in urban development that appeals to resi- dents, workers, and visitors who want to enjoy themselves and relax.
Ever since Japan Beer Brewery Company, the predecessor of Sapporo Breweries, was estab- lished in 1887 in what is now Ginza 2-chome, Ginza has been
an area with deep connections
to the Company. August 4 in
1899 saw the birth of Sapporo Lion, marked by the opening of Japan’s first beer hall in modern- day Ginza 8-chome, YEBISU BEER HALL. Sapporo Lion cel- ebrated its 120th anniversary in 2019 and August 4 has been com- memorated as Beer Hall Day.
Beer Hall Lion Ginza 7-chome
   Since its opening in 1934, Beer Hall Lion Ginza 7-chome continues to draw the adoration of its many customers as the oldest beer hall in Japan. The venue utilizes thorough quality control combined with traditional extraction technology to deliver top quality with every pour.
In 2016, GINZA PLACE, a commercial facility with the concept of “a base for communication and exchange,” opened at the corner of Ginza 4-chome. Our goal is to make GINZA PLACE “a landmark that builds the Ginza of tomorrow” and help further invigorate the city and create an upbeat atmosphere.
  Special Feature 2

                                                                                                 Special Feature 3
Alcohol-Related Problems
  Toru Miyaishi
Executive Officer
(Member of the Board) Sapporo Breweries Limited
Initiatives Aimed at Reaching Targets
• Educational programs for universities and companies to spread awareness of proper drinking practices
• Distribution of free pamphlets for elementary and junior high school students aimed at increasing awareness of and preventing alcohol consumption
• Adherence to advertising regulations and prevention of inappropriate drinking practices through product labeling and messaging
• Development of non-alcoholic beer taste beverages aimed at preventing intoxicated driving
• Education via e-learning on proper drinking practices for employees
• Introduction of “special glasses” by Sapporo Lion, to prevent accidental consumption of alcohol
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 49
 The Sapporo Group carries out initiatives in line with its Policy Related to Proper Drinking Practices, which is based on the Sapporo Group Code of Conduct. As members of a corporate entity engaged in the distribution of alcoholic beverages, we are actively involved in efforts to provide knowledge to employees concerning proper drinking practices. We have also highlighted “providing education on responsible drinking and perpetuating the culture of beer” as a material issue for sustainability. To that end, we promote educational programs to eliminate improper drinking practices such as underage drinking, driving while intoxicated, and alcohol harassment. At the same time, we also promote the culture surrounding Japanese beer and contribute to enriching and rewarding lifestyles.
Medium- to Long-Term Targets for Fiscal 2030
We will promote educational programs to eliminate improper drinking practices such as under- age drinking, driving while intoxicated, and alcohol harassment.
      知っておこう
子どもの脳のうとと体ちゅはう 、大人になるために 成長している途中にあります。この大事 な時期にお酒をえ飲いきんょうでしまうと、脳や心 の発達に、悪い影響が出くらてしまいます。 また、子どもは 大 人 に 比えいきべょうて体が 小さ い の で 、ア ル コ ー ル の 影 響 を 大 きく受 け、病気にもなりやすいのです。
1 脳への影響
のう じゃま
脳の成長を邪魔する
脳のうの中の、記きお憶くしたり、新こしわ いことを考のえう 出したり、前向きな気持ち が生まれふたたりする部分が壊されます。き脳け んのせ い成長が止まり、飲酒をや めた後も再び成長しなくなってしまう危険性もあります。
急性アルコール中毒や病気になりやすい
少しの量のお酒でもき急ゅうき性せけいアん せルいコール中毒になってしかんまぞういます。気を失ったり、 死 ん ぞでう し ま っ た り す る 危 き険け 性ん せもい あ り ま す 。 ま た 、 肝 臓 や すい臓などの病気になる危険性も、大人より高いのです。
くず
ホルモンのバランスが崩れる
大人の体になおるく ために必要なホルモンのバランスが崩くずれます。ホルモンが減へ る と 、 思 春 期 が 遅 れ た り き、け 女ん せ子い に は 生 理 が 止 ま っ た り 、 赤 ち ゃ ん を 作 れ る よ う な 体 の働きができなくなる危険性もあります。
2018/12/11 9:48知っておこうお酒のこと.indd 5
のう えいきょう お酒を飲むと、
 The Sapporo Group’s Policy Related to Proper Drinking Practices
The Sapporo Group Code of Corporate Conduct stipulates the following policies on the relationship between alcoholic beverages and society.
In light of the nature of alcohol, we consider the social impact when engaging in the manufacture, sale, and advertisement of alcoholic beverages.
We promote moderation in alcohol consumption consistent with a healthy and joyful lifestyle while moving forward with measures to prevent alcohol abuse, such as underage drinking, driving while intoxicated, and drinking by pregnant and nursing mothers.
Group companies, especially the alcohol-centered businesses of Sapporo Breweries and Sapporo Lion, will also promote proper drinking practices under these policies.
お酒のこと 子どり かもいの飲酒防ぼ う止し のために、お子さま・ご両親ともに 小~中学学校生高向学け年 ご理解いただきたいことをいっましょとめました。 お父さん、お母さんもご一緒にお読みください。
なっ病ち気ゃうにの?
 知っておこうお酒のこと.indd 3
2018/12/11 9:48
知っておこうお酒のこと.indd 4
2018/12/11 9:48
Free pamphlet aimed at elementary and junior high school students
Product development to prevent intoxicated driving
さけ
お酒ってなんだろう?
お酒は
ジ ュ ーち が ス と どう違うの?
お酒は、アルコール(エタノール)というしょう成ちゅ分う が入っ た飲み物のことです。ビールや日本酒、焼酎、ウイス キー、ワインなど、世界中にたくさんの種類があり ます。 アルぶんコかいールは、胃や腸からき吸ゅうし収ゅうされ、肝かんぞ臓うへと運たんばさんれ て分解されにょうますあせ。最は 終い的き にはほとんどが水と炭酸ガ スになり、尿や汗、吐く息として体の外に出されます。
体の中で
アルコールは
どうなるの?
よ
酔うってよ よ
どういうこと? をえい「きょう酔う」といいます。酔うと、さ心わ と体にいろいろな
アルコールによっての脳うの働きがふつうでなくなること 影響が出ます。気が大きくなって騒いだり、気分が悪く
なったりすぶんるかいこともあります。飲みすぎると、体がアル コールを分解できなくなり、病気になってしまいます。
お酒は お 酒 が 飲 め る 体た い し質 つ か ど う か は 、 性せ い か格 く や 体た い か格 く ・ 体 力 と 飲めたほうが はまったけいくけん関係がなく、生まれつき決まっています。 いいの? これは経験では変わりまたいせしつん。日本人の半数近くは、
お酒に弱い・飲めない体質です。ですから、お酒を 飲めたほうがいいということではありません。
きゅうせい
  International Alliance for Responsible Drinking
As a member of the Brewers Association of Japan for five years, an organization affiliated with the Global Alcohol Producers Group* (GAPG), Sapporo Breweries has
stayed true to its commitment—since 2013—and has worked to
promote proper drinking practices. The company will continue to
enhance its efforts in this regard going forward.
* Merged with the International Center for Alcohol Policies (ICAP) to form the International Alliance for Responsible Drinking (IARD) in January 2015
  お酒ってなんだろう?
お酒について知る
子どもが飲んでは お酒について知る いけない 3 つの理由

 A Dialogue on Sapporo’s Human Resource Strategy
Mayumi Fukuhara Mackenzie Clugston
Director (Member of the Board) Outside Director (Independent Officer)
To achieve the targets of Group Management Plan 2024 (hereinafter, the “New Medium-Term Plan”), the most important factor is human resources. Mr. Mackenzie Clugston, an outside director, and Ms. Mayumi Fukuhara,
a director and member of the Board of Directors, sat down for an open exchange of opinions regarding the Group’s overall vision for human resources within the New Medium-Term Plan as well as specific initiatives to nurture their development.
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 50
  Weaving a Brand Story
Ms. Fukuhara: For the New Medium-Term Plan, we have placed a new focus on “promoting sustainability manage- ment” as a basic policy. It is a mindset that entails using our industry to address social issues and helping create a sustainable society as ways to increase corporate value in a sustainable manner. Bearing this in mind, my hope is that employees will look at their particular duties in terms of how they are connected to the needs of their customers and society as a whole. This involves reframing everything that the Sapporo Group has built over 140 years of history, be it the products we offer, our attitude toward customers, our daily actions—the list goes on—and being able to look
at our customers and society and say proudly, “This is what Sapporo is all about.” This is how you weave the Company’s brand story in a nutshell. A brand is made up of the trust from customers, while also acting as a prom- ise from the company to them. Each and every one of our employees is at the core of our brand and a bearer of the promise.
Mr. Clugston: I agree. While “The customer is always right” is a popular turn of phrase, we also need to be aware of who the customer is at that time. Customer needs and tastes are subject to change, so there is always the question of what will be in demand in the future. That then begs the question of how company functions should evolve. This is something all employees need to
consider. I believe that employees need to look outside of their own duties and have an idea of what the Company should be as a whole, and then think of how they can help the Company reach that ideal.
Developing the Power to Go “Beyond Boundaries”
Ms. Fukuhara: The underlying idea of our human resource strategy is to “Go Beyond Boundaries.” What this means in regard to human resources under the New Medium- Term Plan is having people who can be flexible in the face of changes in the environment, or boundaries so to speak,
  
A Dialogue on Sapporo’s Human Resource Strategy
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 51
and be willing to go beyond boundaries to produce results under a healthy workstyle. In order to cultivate employees with this mindset, we have revised human resource systems at our main operating companies and introduced measures to help implement this mindset at work sites, with an emphasis on one-on-one communication with supervisors. Rather than repeating the annual goal setting and review model of past years, we aim to build a set of individual challenges and their corresponding achievements while updating our goals as needed.
Mr. Clugston: I think that it is a company’s responsibility to create an environment that activates the sensibilities of employees and encourages changes in values. That said, it is up to employees to actually take on a challenge. On the flip side, a company needs to provide chances for its employees to take on these challenges, while adopting a stance of tolerance should these endeavors fall short. To create this sort of environment, one option may be to take the example of some leading IT companies and allow a freer workstyle that has some separation from the organization.
Ms. Fukuhara: It is certainly important to change one’s thinking from one of avoiding risk to accepting it. Last
year, we held a business contest in which an independent start-up and a number of our employees teamed up to launch a new business, and I hope that these kinds of efforts will act as a good stimulus for activity.
Mr. Clugston: Up to this point, domestic Group companies have relied on risk-free decision-making carried out by the Group, but in the future it will be necessary for someone to display the leadership to make major decisions. This is especially true for entering markets overseas. One way to develop such a leader is to give special training to prom- ising new graduates entering the Company from an early stage. Since the values of the younger generation are more common across countries and cultures, the use
of young employees is key in terms of responding to internationalization.
Promoting Globalization and Diversity
Ms. Fukuhara: One of the easiest-to-understand aspects of diversity and inclusion is supporting the success of women, and we will continue to promote this approach. What is important here is that diverse human resources
within the organization are able to exercise their individu- ality freely, and that everyone around them is willing to accept and respect them. At Sapporo Breweries, we have a female team leader who started out on the sales frontline, and this year we hired a woman from Vietnam as a new university graduate. I believe that individual employees will be inspired by these efforts and be mindful of the diversity of every other employee and incorporate a wide variety of perspectives into their work, which will strengthen the organization itself.
Mr. Clugston: I think that, when it comes to the matter
of diversity, increasing support for women’s success is a good place to start as well. With employees who were born overseas working as usual in the head office, among other things, I get the sense that changes are happening pretty steadily. It is my opinion that these changes are part of the gradual and natural evolution of the Company’s organizational structure.
Also, many Japanese companies dispatch employees from Japan to manage local businesses when they acquire overseas companies, but this is not necessarily the case with the Sapporo Group. In North America, for instance, the Group has taken employees from Canada-based Sleeman Breweries and sent them to other local companies in the United States and Canada. I have to commend you for being able to undertake such challenging activities as a company without the fear of failure. The same goes when talking about the Company in Southeast Asia. After visiting a Company site in the region, I was impressed by the high morale of the employees and their attachment to Sapporo as a company.
 We intend to put forth a variety of signals toward the internationalization of human resources and organizations and the further promotion of diversity.
Mackenzie Clugston
 
A Dialogue on Sapporo’s Human Resource Strategy
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 52
Developing an Employee’s Skill Set
Ms. Fukuhara: Like you said, Mr. Clugston, human resources’ development and growth are two sides of the same coin. Companies have a certain responsibility to train their employees, but I also want employees to be self-sustaining people able to draw inspiration from themselves. To this point, we will keep providing opportu- nities for employees to take on various types of training and platforms to recruit human resources. So-called “tough assignments” are especially effective for future leader prospects, since they can gain rigorous experience in the field. In a top position at even a small organiza- tion, one gets to be in a role where they have full over- sight of projects, which will develop the next generation of management human resources.
Mr. Clugston: It is vital that these kinds of efforts con- tinue, and it is likewise important to keep these various existing programs in place. At the same time, when you think about the skill set that employees need in light of ongoing global development, language skills come first, right? However, language skills in the strict sense of the term are not enough and the ability to read between the lines and pick up on extraneous nuances have become important, as is an understanding of cultural back- grounds. For young people in Japan, the local environ- ment can sometimes be unsettling, so adaptability to different cultures and similar skills are crucial to have. Ms. Fukuhara: I could not agree more. Above all else, our most pressing task is to engage in global business, and communication and language skills are essential in addition to the ability to deal with management issues. Japanese
A brand is made up of the trust from customers, while also acting as a promise from the company to them. Each and every one of our employees is at the core of our brand and a bearer of the promise.
  people should not think that the approach of starting out with no knowledge and getting used to something on the job is common sense around the world. Simply put, you have to be tough enough to compete in an unfamiliar envi- ronment where the rules and common sense are different. Mr. Clugston: At the same time, there seems to be many people who do not want to return to Japan after spending a year or two overseas. They discover the interesting nature of becoming familiar with a local lifestyle and develop courage of knowing that they can do things by themselves. As far as I know, that is true for the majority of cases. Adaptability, courage, and toughness—that is the stuff that future leaders are made of.
Mobilizing the Collective Energy of the Group
Mr. Clugston: Being non-Japanese and a former diplomat, I believe I serve a valuable role for the Sapporo Group as a source of encouragement from an external point of view. The best analogy I can make is Japan’s national rugby team. By bringing together the abilities of all people, regardless of nationality or culture, this country
Mayumi Fukuhara
and the Company should be able to grow stronger and stronger. We intend to put forth a variety of signals toward the internationalization of human resources and organiza- tions and the further promotion of diversity.
Ms. Fukuhara: As a holding company, we will work to build a system and create opportunities for all employees to experience the diversity of society and the market. Most of the specific efforts will be promoted by each operating company through their respective business sites and customer contact points. The holding company will provide general direction, while helping push each operating company in the right direction on occasion.
As for me personally, my resolution is to increase the opportunities I have to meet and talk with Group employ- ees and promising human resources. Finally, I will take this chance to send a message to employees: “Be out- ward” and “Be forward-facing.”
Mr. Clugston: My message echoes a popular phrase in Japan, “Boys and Girls, Be Ambitious!” I think employees should aim to be Company president someday. It takes
a skill set, experience, and the willingness to take on a challenge. You only have one life to live, so pursue your ambitions without be bound up by anything.
 
Message from an Outside Director
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 53
 Bringing Perspectives from Different Industries into Management Decisions
In 1974, I joined a major cement manufacturer. From 2012, as company president, I formulated and promoted two medium-term management plans, each spanning three years. In the first plan, we concentrated on reducing interest-bearing debt and, based on those results, we changed course toward aggressive growth in the next plan. During this time, I have gained experience through a number of difficult management decisions, which included making and withdrawing from foreign invest- ments and streamlining the organization.
In March 2019, I was appointed as an outside director at Sapporo Holdings, where I have drawn from my expe- rience to make a wide range of statements at Board of Directors’ meetings and in other settings. Generally speaking, outside directors are expected to advise and supervise from an independent viewpoint, but as
members of the Board of Directors, we also have a duty to improve corporate value as well. By introducing perspectives unique to different industries into the decision-making arena, we ensure objectivity in man- agement decisions and live up to our investors’ trust.
The Message within
Group Management Plan 2024
Fiscal 2019 was a major milestone for the Sapporo Group, in which it set upon the five-year medium-term management plan Group Management Plan 2024 (here- inafter, the “New Medium-Term Plan”) and a complete overhaul of Group governance.
A management plan typically starts from a vision for the future of a company, specifies the issues that need to be addressed in the present, and determines the distribution of management resources. It is, essentially,
a reflection of the “now” on the company, and serves as a statement of management’s intentions both inside and outside the company. Take the year 2050 as an example. At around this time, the new employees of today will play a central role in management, but Japan’s declining birth rate and aging population will be accelerating, with the total population expected to drop below 100 million. By that time, the Sapporo Group will need to grow further—in not only the domestic market but also the global market. Now is the time for the Company to concentrate its management resources on its core busi- ness—beer—which will likely be its strongest business in the future, and devise a bold growth strategy for the years to come.
Being mindful of these issues, the New Medium-Term Plan presents a path toward “focusing on the core busi- ness and building resilience” and “accelerating global expansion” as well as “restructuring to downsized office operations and an easy-to-understand organizational
By using our outside perspective to increase the objectivity of management decisions and contributing to more effective governance, we will help the Company live up to its investors’ trust.
Shuji Fukuda
Outside Director
  
Message from an Outside Director
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 54
structure,” as a means to progress down that path. The message put forward in the plan is appropriate and clear and, most importantly, the basic policies and financial goals therein are expressed very simply. I am of the opin- ion that a management plan should be as simple and easy-to-understand as possible so that it can be shared companywide and communicated to employees, and so that the plan’s individual goals can be worked toward in the field. The New Medium-Term Plan satisfies these conditions and I rate it highly.
Deciding Whether to Invest or Withdraw
There are a few things to note when expanding overseas investments in line with the strategy laid out in the New Medium-Term Plan.
To begin, investment decisions must be precise and swift. The necessary checks and a decision regarding the appropriateness of an investment need to be made within a limited time frame, and this includes the pros- pect of fundraising.
When the decision to invest is made, local manage- ment and production oversight are important. To protect against brand damage, you need to establish global quality assurance, which in turn requires you to take root in local areas, hire employees on a consistent basis, and cultivate them over time.
On the other hand, this approach makes the timing of withdrawal more difficult. Because we are talking about investments, when there is no prospect of recovery, you have to look into withdrawing. Japanese manufacturers,
particularly large companies with a long history, tend to be late on this timing. Management needs to keep the possibility of future withdrawal at the front of its mind, with an exit strategy prepared in advance.
There is no golden standard for making these invest- ment and withdrawal decisions—they need to be made on an individual and specific basis. To do so properly, it is crucial to have the experience of outside directors plus the governance reforms that I will mention below.
Pursuing More Effective Governance
As part of its governance reforms, the Company has transitioned to a Company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee, and has ensured independent outside direc- tors comprise one-half of its Board of Directors. Assigning certain powers to the business execution side has served to narrow down the agenda of the Board, which has allowed it to focus its discussions on impor- tant themes that require deliberation. The new gover- nance system was designed with thought given to strengthening its supervisory function while making its decision-making function more flexible and effective.
The Company recognizes its responsibility to its shareholders to make effective use of its brands and assets and to continue to deliver the best performance possible.
By practicing more effective governance, the Company is working to improve asset efficiency and increase corporate value in the future.
At the most recent General Meeting of Shareholders,
the decision was made by majority vote to continue the Company’s Policy toward the Large-Scale Purchase of Share Certificates, etc., of the Company, which could be thought of as an anti-takeover measure.
Ensuring Brand Strength and Sustainability
The fourth and final basic policy highlighted in the New Medium-Term Plan is “promote sustainability management.” The concept of sustainability can be applied in an extremely wide range of contexts. In the case of corporate management, however, it boils down to “maintaining and upgrading brand strength.”
A company’s brand strength is the trust granted to it by its stakeholders, be they customers, partners, or investors. It takes a great deal of effort and time to build, but once trust is broken, rebuilding it is the exception and not the norm. Companies must endeavor to maintain their brand power in order to earn trust, but need to evolve that brand power to meet the times
as well.
By pursuing high-quality manufacturing and transpar-
ent and effective governance, the Company will continue to grow to ensure confidence in the phrase “Sapporo is beer.” I would like to offer a steady stream of advice based on my own experience, to ensure that the Sapporo Group can manifest these efforts in Japan and overseas and find sustainable growth in the 21st century.
   
Corporate Governance
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 55
Governance Digest
 Format
Sapporo Holdings established a Nominating Committee in November 1998 and has been making efforts to enhance the transparency of management related to the nomination and remuneration of directors, while preserving a sound management structure. Furthermore, in December 2015 we set up the Outside Director Committee in an effort to strengthen the exchange of information and sharing of knowledge with independent outside directors regarding such matters as Groupwide management strategies and corporate governance issues. In March 2020, the Company also transitioned to a Company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee.
 Board of Directors
Constituent Members
By Age
60 years or older
       Audit & Supervisory Committee
Independent outside directors
5 (half of total)
Under 60 years
     History of Corporate Governance Reforms
73
-
2015 2018 2020
1993
1997 1998 2003
2007 2009
   Number of directors Outside directors
Committees by type
Supervisory / Audit function
1
5–6 8–10
2 3
Nominating Committee Compensation Committee
5
Audit & Supervisory Committee
                                 Outside Director Committee
           Audit & Supervisory Board
           Notes: 1. The Company began operations under a holding company framework in 2003. 2. The term for directors was shortened to one year from March 2005.

Corporate Governance
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 56
Corporate Functions and Internal Control Relationships
Basic Governance Approach
The Sapporo Group has enacted the Basic Policy on Corporate Governance for the purpose of specifying its thinking and operational policy regarding corporate gover- nance, with the goal of attaining sustained growth and enhanced corporate value over the medium to long term, and in light of the purport and spirit of the Corporate Governance Code set forth in the Listing Rules of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
As part of the policy, the Group’s basic philosophy is to regard strengthening and enhancing corporate governance as one of its top management priorities. The Group is working to clarify supervisory, business execution, and auditing functions throughout the Group under the holding company framework. The Group is also working to strengthen management supervisory functions to increase management transparency and achieve management goals.
For details on the Company’s basic approach to corporate governance, manage- ment direction, and other policies, please refer to the Basic Policy on Corporate Governance.
https://www.sapporoholdings.jp/en/csr/gri/pdf/basic_governance_approach.pdf
     Appointment / Dismissal
Cooperation
General Meeting of Shareholders
Appointment / Dismissal
Nomination / Supervision
Appointment / Dismissal
Supervision
Supervision
Report
            1 Board of Directors
4 Nominating Committee Compensation Committee
5 Outside Director Committee
   Instruction / Report
Instruction / Report
Internal Auditing
   6 Group Audit Department
Internal Auditing
President
3 Business Execution Departments
Management Council Group Management Council
Group Risk Management Committee*1
Group Information Protection Committee
Group Sustainability Committee*2 Other Expert Committees
   Supervision
     Supervision
2 Audit & Supervisory Committee
3
Group Companies
*1 Group Management Committee chair: President and representative director *2 Group Sustainability Committee chair: President and representative director
Accounting Auditor (Independent Auditor)

Corporate Governance
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 57
1 Board of Directors
The Board of Directors performs a supervisory role and makes decisions on statutory matters and important matters related to business execution stipulated by the Board’s regulations. The Board of Directors also nominates and supervises the business execution of the representative director, president, Group operating officers, and other key personnel.
About Independent Outside Directors
Five of the 10 members, or one-half, of the Company’s Board of Directors are independent outside directors, two of whom are members of the Audit & Supervisory Committee. All five have submitted notification to the Tokyo Stock Exchange and the Sapporo Securities Exchange of their independent director status as stipulated by the exchange regulations. The independent outside directors are expected to objectively advise and supervise the management team from a neutral standpoint, based on their high perception. The independent outside directors offer advice and suggestions from their independent and objective standpoints and are expected to fulfill a role in raising corporate value. At the 13 Board of Directors’ meetings held in 2019, the independent outside directors gave advice and suggestions regarding the review of issues from an objective viewpoint independent of that of the management.
Reasons for Appointment of Directors
  Name
  Reasons for appointment
   Masaki Oga Yoshihiro Iwata
Mayumi Fukuhara Yasuyuki Oohira
Shizuka Uzawa
Outside Director
Mackenzie Clugston
Outside Director
Shuji Fukuda
Outside Director
Mr. Oga has served as representative director of the Company and president and representative director of an operating company. He has a wealth of experience, an extensive track record, and great insight as a manager. The Company has determined that he will be the right person to promote Group management and strengthen the corporate governance of the Company.
Mr. Iwata possesses experience, a track record, and insight regarding corporate planning, having gained broad experience from his role as president and representative director of an operating company and other positions, as well as having been in charge of the corporate planning and international departments of said company. The Company has determined that he is the right person to strengthen the Group’s management structure and global management of the Company.
Ms. Fukuhara has been in charge of the human resource departments of operating companies. She therefore has the experience, track record, and insight for overall human resource strategy. The Company has determined that she will be the right person to promote the diversity and strengthen human resource development of the Sapporo Group.
Mr. Oohira has substantial knowledge and experience in overall corporate management, having long-standing experience in the engineering department of an operating company, and having served as the person in charge of a corporate planning department, production technology department, research and development department, and supply chain management department. The Company has determined that he will be the right person to promote the broad supply chain system and the research and development of the Sapporo Group.
Mr. Uzawa has a wealth of experience, an extensive track record, and great insight as the president of a holding company as well as extensive insight in the treasury and corporate man- agement fields. Based on this experience, Mr. Uzawa offers pertinent opinions and advice to the Company’s Board of Directors from his objective standpoint, independent of the man- agement team engaged in executing the operations of the Company. The Company has determined that he will contribute greatly to the corporate governance of the Company in such areas as the strengthening of the Group’s management structure.
Mr. Clugston has extensive insight in the fields of diplomacy and trade in North America and Southeast Asia, where the Company is pursuing business development. Based on that wealth of experience, an extensive track record, and great insight, Mr. Clugston can offer pertinent opinions and advice to the Board of Directors of the Company from his objective standpoint, independent of the management team engaged in executing the operations of the Company. The Company has determined that he will contribute greatly to the corporate governance of the Company, which is moving forward with global expansion.
Mr. Fukuda has a wealth of experience, an extensive track record, and great insight as the president of a business corporation. Based on his experience in the treasury, human resources, and corporate management fields up to the present, Mr. Fukuda can offer pertinent opinions and advice to the Board of Directors of the Company from his objective stand- point, independent of the management team engaged in executing the operations of the Company. The Company has determined that he will contribute greatly to the corporate gover- nance of the Company in such areas as the strengthening of the Group’s management structure.
                       
Corporate Governance
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 58
2 Audit & Supervisory Committee
Sapporo Holdings Limited has adopted an Audit & Supervisory Committee system to improve transparency and strengthen management oversight functions in order to achieve its management goals. This system has the function of auditing and supervising the execution of duties by directors on the Board.
About Independent Outside Audit & Supervisory Committee Members
The Audit & Supervisory Committee of Sapporo Holdings comprises three members, two of whom are independent outside Audit & Supervisory Committee members. Both independent out- side Audit & Supervisory Committee members have submitted notification to the Tokyo Stock Exchange and the Sapporo Securities Exchange of their independent auditor status as stipulated by the exchange regulations. The independent outside Audit & Supervisory Committee members audit the duties executed by members of the Board from an objective and neutral standpoint, and offer input where fitting to preserve the propriety and appropriateness of decisions by Board members. Similarly, the independent outside Audit & Supervisory Committee members are expected to provide input where needed during discussions on proposals and fulfill a role to secure sound management. At the 13 Board of Directors’ meetings held in 2019—the year that the Company adopted the Audit & Supervisory Board system—the independent outside Audit & Supervisory Board members made statements intended to ensure the validity and appropriate- ness of decision-making. These members also made statements regarding the review of issues and other matters as needed at the 13 Audit & Supervisory Board meetings held that year.
 Reasons for appointment of directors
Toshio Mizokami
Kazuo Sugie Kohtaro Yamamoto
Outside Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
Mr. Mizokami has gained substantial knowledge and experience from working in accounting and finance departments. He has also served as a director and as an executive Group operating officer of the Company, and has a wealth of experience, an extensive track record, and great insight. The Company has therefore determined that
Mr. Mizokami will audit the performance of duties by directors from an objective and fair perspective.
Mr. Sugie possesses strong insight based on a wealth of experience and a wide breadth of knowledge and information gained as president of a business corporation. The Company has therefore determined that Mr. Sugie will audit the performance of duties by directors from an objective and fair perspective.
Although Mr. Yamamoto has no experience in directly managing a company, the Company has judged that he is able to audit the performance of duties by directors of the Company from an objective and fair perspective, based on his wealth of knowledge and experience as a lawyer and on his expertise in the field of corporate law specializing in the Companies Act, Antimonopoly Act, international contracts, among others.
   Name
Reasons for appointment
       Outside Audit & Supervisory Committee Member
     3 Group Operating Officers
The president oversees business execution across the entire Group based on the resolutions of the Board of Directors. The Group operating officers, under the direct authority of the president, are responsible for business execution in the main business segments.

Corporate Governance
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 59
Standards and Policies Regarding Independence of Outside Directors and Outside Audit & Supervisory Committee Members
Candidates for independent outside director positions, whether they be positions for members of the Board who serve concurrently on the Audit & Supervisory Committee or for members of the Board who do not, are recommended by the Nominating Committee, chaired by an independent outside director. These candidates meet the standards for independence set out by financial instruments exchanges that have applied them, while they have a strong background, track record, and insight into corporate management or certain specialist fields that will enable them to offer accurate proposals and advice on the Company’s management issues.
For details on the Company’s standards for the independence of outside officers, please refer to the separate document Basic Policy on Corporate Governance. https://www.sapporoholdings.jp/en/csr/gri/pdf/basic_governance_approach.pdf
All of the Company’s outside directors and auditors satisfy the applicable standards of independence specified by the financial instruments exchanges and are therefore registered as independent officers with the Tokyo Stock Exchange and the Sapporo Securities Exchange.
  Name
   Important concurrent occupations or positions at other organizations
  Policy on independence
  Directors
Shizuka Uzawa
Mackenzie Clugston
Shuji Fukuda
Kazuo Sugie
Kohtaro Yamamoto
Mr. Uzawa was engaged in business execution at Nisshinbo Holdings Inc. until June 2016. No transactions have or are being made between said company and the Company or its subsidiaries, and the Company has determined Mr. Uzawa is unlikely to have a conflict of interest with shareholders. Accordingly, the Company has determined that Mr. Uzawa is unlikely to have a conflict of interest with shareholders in light of the Standards for Independence of Outside Officers established by the Company.
In September 2016, Mr. Clugston assumed office as a consultant of the Company, and since then, the Company’s management has been receiving advice from him. The annual remuneration paid to Mr. Clugston was compensation for his advice to the Company’s management based on his experience and insight, and such remuneration was ¥5.0 million or less. Accordingly, the Company has determined that Mr. Clugston is unlikely to have a conflict of interest with shareholders in light of the Standards for Independence of Outside Officers established by the Company.
Mr. Fukuda was involved in business execution at Taiheiyo Cement Corporation until March 2018. Currently, although there have been transactions between said company and the Company’s subsidiaries, the amount of such transactions in the most recent business term was less than 0.1% of either the consolidated revenue of the Company or the consolidated net sales of said company. Accordingly, the Company has determined Mr. Fukuda is unlikely to have a conflict of interest with shareholders in light of the Standards for Independence of Outside Officers established by the Company.
Mr. Sugie was involved in business execution at DIC Corporation until March 2015. Although there have been transactions of said company’s products between said company and the Company’s subsidiaries, the amount of such transactions in the most recent business term was less than 0.1% of either the consolidated revenue of the Company or the consolidated net sales of said company. Accordingly, the Company has determined Mr. Sugie is unlikely to have a conflict of interest with shareholders. As such, the Company has determined that Mr. Sugie is unlikely to have a conflict of interest with shareholders in light of the Standards for Independence of Outside Officers established by the Company.
Mr. Yamamoto is currently a lawyer at Yamamoto & Shibasaki Law Offices. No transactions have or are being made between said law offices and the Company or the Company’s subsidiaries, and the Company has determined that Mr. Yamamoto is unlikely to have a conflict with of interest shareholders in light of the Standards for Independence of Outside Officers, established by the Company.
    External Executive Director of Japan Finance Corporation
Outside Director of Nichirei Corporation
   Outside Director of KAMEDA SEIKA CO., LTD. Professor under special tenure program of Kwansei Gakuin University
Outside Director of Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd. Outside Director of NGK Spark Plug Co., Ltd.
   Chairman and Director of
Taiheiyo Cement Corporation
Director of Yakushima Denko Co., Ltd.
      Outside Director of Keihin Corporation
            
Corporate Governance
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 60
4 Nominating and Compensation Committees
Although Sapporo Holdings is a Company with an Audit & Supervisory Committee, it has also established a Nominating Committee and a Compensation Committee with the goals of increasing transparency with respect to the nomination and remuneration of directors and preserving a sound management structure. All independent outside directors not concurrently serving on the Audit & Supervisory Committee and the president and representative director comprise the four members of both committees, while the committee chair of each committee is selected from among the outside directors. However, when the Nominating Committee recommends candidates for the Audit & Supervisory Committee, a standing Audit & Supervisory Committee member joins the committee. Furthermore, when choosing president and representative director candidates from among Group operating officers, the committee chair will stand in place of the incumbent president and representative director on the committee.
5 Outside Director Committee
In December 2015, the Company established the Outside Director Committee. This committee works to share information with the Company’s independent outside officers pertaining to Groupwide management strategies, corporate governance policies, and other matters, thereby fostering and strengthening a mutual understanding.
 Nominating Committee
Independent outside directors
The committee President and chair representative
director
Compensation Committee
Independent outside directors
  The committee chair
President and representative director
 Assessment of the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
Every year, the Company conducts an analysis and assessment of the effectiveness of the Board of Directors based on the self-evaluations of each director. The Company also discloses an overview of the results of the analysis and assessment.
(1) Initiatives in Fiscal 2019 in Response to the Results of the Board of Directors’ Effectiveness Assessment for Fiscal 2018
In the assessment for fiscal 2018, the roles and duties of the Board of Directors (constructive discussion and progress management with respect to the First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020) were recognized as continuing issues. In response to the abovementioned results of the assessment, in fiscal 2019 the Company endeavored to increase the constructiveness of discussions, by way of clarifying points of discussion by making effective use of off-site meetings, which were held at the time of reviewing the First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020, and by considering changes in organizational design, etc. In addition, the Company streamlined the quarterly reports to be made by each business company and tried not only to confirm the achievements but also to proceed with discussions focusing on future issues and measures.
(2) Results of Board of the Directors’ Effectiveness Assessment for Fiscal 2019
With respect to the Board of Directors effectiveness assessment for fiscal 2019, in continuation of similar practices in fiscal 2018, all directors took an anonymous survey. In consideration of the results of this survey, a discussion with a view toward ascertaining the current states of affairs and recognizing issues and challenges was conducted at the Board of Directors’ meeting held in January 2020.
As a result of the assessment, it was judged that the effectiveness of the Board of Directors as a whole was ensured from the viewpoint of its composition, management, and roles and duties. On the other hand, it was recognized and stated once again that there was a need to provide information to outside officers, as well as to further deepen discussions and continuously confirm the status of progress, in the course of implementing the medium- to long-term management framework and Group Management Plan 2024.
By way of solving the identified issues and implementing continuous assessments that make use of appropriate methods, the Company is making an effort to further improve the effectiveness of its Board of Directors.

Corporate Governance
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 61
Compensation for Board Members
Compensation for members of the Board of Directors (excluding members also serving on the Audit & Supervisory Committee) is decided within remuneration limits set by the General Meeting of Shareholders. Compensation consists of a base salary for each director, determined by the duties performed, and that may, based on predetermined criteria, be adjusted in line with job perfor- mance in the previous fiscal year. Compensation for Board members also serving on the Audit & Supervisory Committee is also decided within remuneration limits set by the General Meeting of Shareholders, and consists of a base salary for each Board member on the Audit & Supervisory Committee, calculated in accordance with standards decided by the Audit & Supervisory Committee.
The compensation amounts in fiscal 2019 were as follows
 Classification
  Payment recipient
  Payment amount (Millions of yen)
  Directors (including outside directors)
Audit & Supervisory Board members (including outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
Total (including outside officers)
12 (4)
5 (2)
17 (6)
192 (29)
53 (19)
245 (48)
Notes:
1. Five of the directors (excluding outside directors) each receive a salary of ¥28 million for the employee part of their employee-directorship position,
separate from the basic remuneration for directors shown in the table on the left.
2. The remuneration limit for directors was set to ¥500 million (excluding remuneration from consolidated subsidiaries and their employee salaries)
at the 93rd Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on March 30, 2017. The limit for Audit & Supervisory Committee members was set to ¥84 million
at the 83rd Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on March 29, 2007.
3. No share-based compensation linked to business performance was issued in fiscal 2019.
4. In addition to the aforementioned payment amounts, Sapporo Holdings has introduced a performance-linked, stock-based compensation system
(Board Benefit Trust, or BBT) for directors (excluding outside directors), and contributed ¥445 million (over three business years) in accordance with the officer stock benefit rules stipulated by the system. The system is separate from the aforementioned director compensation, in accordance with
a resolution of the 92nd Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held on March 30, 2016. The system applies to Group operating officers of the Company, including directors (excluding outside directors), and some of the directors of the Company’s subsidiaries, with the total number as of December 31, 2019, being 25 persons.
      6 Internal Audits
The Group Audit Department, an internal auditing organization independent of the executive chain of command, receives instructions from the representative director or the Audit & Supervisory Committee and audits all operations of the Company and its subsidiaries regarding compliance with laws, the Articles of Incorporation, and internal regulations. With regard to fiscal 2019, the year in which the Company adopted the Audit & Supervisory Board system, members of the Group Audit Department and the Audit & Supervisory Board met regularly to exchange views on the results of the internal audits, the status of internal control, and other related matters. The internal audit report of the Group Audit Department is read by the Audit & Supervisory Board members as part of the information that they share.
Upgrading Internal Control Systems
To ensure thorough implementation of the basic policies decided by the Board of Directors and carry out ongoing development and strengthening of systems across the entire Group, the Board of Directors takes responsibility for appointing directors with specific responsibilities and promoting specific measures. Moreover, the Guidelines on the Construction of Internal Control Systems at Sapporo Group have been enacted to set out specific matters in relation to internal control systems at the Group, and these guidelines are used to confirm the level of progress being made in individual measures and to promote collaboration.

Corporate Governance
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 62
Risk Management
Sapporo Holdings manages risks related to itself and its subsidiaries and prepares crisis management measures. To achieve a more robust risk management structure for the entire Group, the Company has formulated basic policies and systems for Group risk management, as well as crisis management regulations. Specifically, Sapporo Holdings and its subsidiaries upgrade and develop systems for managing risks associated with important decisions made during business execution or risks inherent to it, in addition to systems for managing crisis situations that may arise. These efforts are governed by the basic policies for the Guidelines on the construction of internal control systems.
Compliance
The Group has set out the Sapporo Group Code of Business Conduct to provide a solid set of ethical guidelines for the conduct of all executives and employees. The Group Risk Management Committee has created a Groupwide compliance system and established a Whistleblower Hotlines and Helpline to help with prevention and early detection of misconduct, with the General Affairs Department serving as secretariat. In addition, the Group Audit Department, which is an internal auditing body that is independent of the executive chain of command, audits the general business operations of Sapporo Holdings and its subsidiaries to ensure compliance with laws and regulations, the Company’s Articles of Incorporation, and internal rules.
 Strategic Holding of Shares
(1) Policy on the Strategic Holding of Shares
The Company operates such businesses as alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages, food, and real estate, which are closely connected with its customers’ lifestyles, and believes it to be necessary—in terms of business strategy—to have cooperative relationships with many different companies along its supply chain, ranging from development to procurement, manufacturing, logistics, and sales. Based on this viewpoint, the Company may in some cases own strategically held shares if, after comprehensively considering the state of such cooperative relationships, it finds that doing so would help raise corporate value over the medium to long term. The Board of Directors will regularly verify every year whether the Company’s strategically held shares are appropriately owned and managed in accordance with its strategic holding policy. As a result of the abovementioned verification, the Company’s strategically held shares that are not deemed to meet its strategic holding policy will be reduced.
(2) Details of Verification Pertaining to Strategically Held Shares
In fiscal 2020, the Board of Directors verified whether the Company’s strategically-held shares were being appropriately retained and managed in accordance with its strategic holding policy from the viewpoints of objectives, risks, returns, and capital efficiency, etc. As a result of the verification, the Company decided to sell a portion of its strategically held shares.
(3) Exercise of Voting Rights Pertaining to Strategically Held Shares
In the exercise of voting rights pertaining to strategically held shares, the Company will comprehensively weigh the pros and cons from a medium- and long-term perspective, taking into consideration the Company’s strategic holding policy and the common interests of the shareholders involved in investments. Regarding the contents of agenda and other issues pertaining thereto, the Company will, whenever necessary, have dialogues with the invested companies.

Risk Management
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 63
Basic Policy on Risk Management
Risk Management Structure
 The Sapporo Group has established a structure for managing risks inherent in the decision- making and business execution processes that are essential for carrying out its operations. The Group has also set up a crisis management structure for times of emergency. The Group will draw on these structures to put into motion a PDCA cycle.
      Operating companies, subsidiaries, and affiliated companies
  Manage risks inherent in the decision-making and business execution processes essential for carrying out operations
Declare states of emergency when they occur and identify issues that have the potential to cause a state of emergency
 Crisis management organization of operating companies, etc.
      Sapporo Holdings (SH)
  Management Council and Secretariat to Group Management Strategy Council (SH General Affairs Department)
   Manage risks related to the decision-making process for individual agenda items
    Management Council
Manage risks involved with the business execution process through monthly forecasts
Group Management Strategy Council
 Business Strategy Council
Crisis management
Group Risk Management Committee
    SH president and representative director
Secretariat to Group Risk Management Committee (SH General Affairs Department)
   Audit & Supervisory Committee SH Board of Directors
            Sapporo Holdings is working to conduct sound corporate management and improve corporate value in a sustainable manner by strengthening Groupwide risk and crisis man- agement structures. In addition, the Company recognizes the possibility of new risks occurring as it promotes strategies aimed at realizing the Sapporo Group’s Long- Term Management Vision “SPEED150.” Accordingly, the Company and its subsidiaries are carrying out appropriate risk and crisis management. In particular, the Company is focusing on the following three tasks.
Preventing the loss of life and maintaining safety Pursuing quality
Thoroughly implementing compliance

Risk Management
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 64
Major Business-Related Risks
   Details
Measures
      The strengthening of legal regulations, or the introduction of new regulations, could restrict business operations. Consequently, the Group could incur new expenses.
      Laws, regulations, and tax systems
Litigation could be brought against the Group in terms of issues pertaining to the Product Liability Act, intellectual property laws, tax laws, or other regulations.
      The Group’s overseas business activities are subject to a variety of factors that could have a negative impact on operating results.
    In the event that market interest rates rise or the Group’s credit rating is lowered due to a comparatively high ratio of financial liabilities to total assets, the Group could become weighed down by financial burden and face adverse conditions for procuring funds.
          Fluctuations in foreign currency translations and market interest rates
The cost of sales could increase due to a rise in the price of raw materials and supplies.
Maintain constant watch over regulations pertaining to alcohol-related problems, food loss, and plastic-related issues in order to keep up to date on their status, and respond proactively.
Ensure proper understanding of and thorough compliance with laws and regulations through in-house training on legal affairs.
Establish a response system to litigation supported by specialized lawyers able to provide accurate advice and support for each legal field.
Gather and disseminate information related to laws and regulations of each country and region where the Group conducts overseas business.
Carry out currency forward transactions, interest swap transactions, and currency swap trans- actions so as to limit fluctuation-related risks.
Engage in market monitoring.
Strengthen safety and management systems at offices, commercial complexes, residences, and other facilities under possession.
Ensure that a distribution network is in place for when a disaster occurs.
Decentralize risks by dividing portfolio by country.
Carry out research and development in order to mitigate climate change-related risks to raw materials, and consider risks when selecting growing areas.
Gather information from suppliers related to crop conditions and cultivation of raw materials. Understand regional characteristics as they relate to water intake and drainage, and collect information on disasters and other factors that may affect transport of raw materials.
Utilize remote working and travel restrictions and other measures to protect against diseases and reduce risk of spreading infection.
Develop products to meet changing consumer preferences.
Gain an understanding of these trends and analyze their effects on business, and formulate a response plan and execute.
Develop products that are appropriate for these shifting trends.
Monitor the entire market. Establish strict investment criteria.
Promote Groupwide utilization of human resources, personnel allocation plans, workstyle reforms, and the employment and flourishment of senior personnel, and redouble business process re-engineering (BPR) efforts.
   Climate change, natural disasters, and infectious diseases
   The Group could sustain damage as a result of a large-scale natural disaster or a second- ary disaster. This, in turn, could disrupt the supply of products.
      The Group’s overseas business activities are subject to a variety of factors that could adversely affect operating results.
      Delayed responses to either climate change or social issues, or the spread of infectious diseases, could hinder procurement of raw materials.
       Climate change may lead to changes in consumer preferences, which may negatively affect operating results.
   Changes in economic conditions and population movements
   An economic downturn and other changes in macroeconomic trends could cause a drop in shipments of major products or cause unit prices to decline, which could in turn have an adverse effect on operating results.
     Changes to living trends including lifestyles, consumer tastes, and distribution channels could cause a drop in shipments of major products or cause unit prices to decline, which could in turn have an adverse effect on operating results and revenue.
      Assets under management could drop in value.
       A lack of human resources or a drop in quality of work could have a negative impact on operating results.
      A lack of respect for diversity or underutilization of diverse human resources could cause work conditions to deteriorate, which, if not dealt with in a timely manner, could have an adverse effect on operating results.
                   Risks related to business environment
Risks related to business execution

Risk Management
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 65
Major Business-Related Risks
   Details
Measures
      Governance
Failure to operate according to the Guidelines on the Construction of Internal Control Systems at Sapporo Group could cause confusion in organizational management, which could have a negative effect on operating results.
      Ineffective governance of overseas Group companies or ineffective monitoring of these companies from Group headquarters could adversely affect operating results.
     Compliance
When producing and providing products and services, there is a possibility that legal violations and compliance violations may occur if the laws and regulations required for each business are not thoroughly understood and if such knowledge is not continuously reinforced.
     Stable provision of products and services
If situations arise related to product and service safety that exceed the scope of our quality assurance efforts, or if a new, quality-related problem affects the whole of society, this may affect operating results due to a suspension of sales, product recalls, or a cessation of operations.
       A lack of drivers and other labor shortages or a rise in distribution costs could cause costs to rise and lead to lost opportunities throughout the supply chain, which could affect operating results.
     Information leaks and information management systems
Leaks of personal information could result in higher expenses due to claims for damages or loss of trust, affecting operating results.
       The loss, leak, or falsification of information, as well as a suspension or interruption of information management systems caused by computer viruses, unauthorized access, and other security breaches, or by natural disasters, could have a negative impact on operating results.
     Dependence on specific business fields
Due to the high reliance on the domestic performance of the Alcoholic Beverages business segment, a decline in sales in the domestic market may adversely affect operating results.
     Business and capital alliances
The deterioration of the business operations of an alliance partner or investee could have a negative impact on operating results.
     Capital investments
Schedule delays, investment budget overruns, and other factors could adversely affect operating results.
   Establish a complete internal auditing system, and execute appropriate risk assessments.
Gain a correct understanding of laws and regulations and carry out appropriate compliance through legal education and timely internal sharing of legal information.
Analyze possible society-wide risks and develop preventive measures. Carry out continuous simulation training of related risks.
Optimize distribution costs based on changing conditions while complying with all relevant laws and regulations.
Form a network of production and distribution points.
Diversify transportation methods to include cooperative transportation.
Improve logistical literacy.
Build and update information management systems. Carry out thorough internal and outsourced auditing. Promote thorough employee training.
Implement appropriate security measures for information management systems, and incorporate advanced surveillance handled by security specialists. Implement measures to ensure stable information management systems, including operation at secure data centers, constant network monitoring,
and a protocol for system and data backups.
Maintain thorough management over hardware and software licensing life cycles.
Expand business activities into other business fields and overseas regions. Implement monitoring and appropriate risk assessments.
Maintain vigorous management over scheduling and progress. Formulate a long-term real estate investment plan.
               Response Policy for COVID-19
Sapporo Holdings is establishing measures to help reduce the spread of COVID-19, while also continuing production and distribution at both its domestic and international locations,
in order to fulfill its responsibilities as a supplier of alcoholic beverages, food, and soft drinks and as a member of the restaurant industry. Furthermore, regarding the real estate business, we are working to maintain safety and security at all of its properties.
At this time, the Sapporo Group is striving to prevent the risk of infection for its employees, customers, and partners, and to coordinate and cooperate with regional communities. We are taking all possible measures, while continuing to observe the latest trends.
Risks related to business execution

Board of Directors, Directors Who Are Audit & Supervisory Committee Members, and Group Operating Officers (As of March 27, 2020)
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 66
Board of Directors
(December 2, 1958)
(April 2, 1964) Apr. 1988 Mar. 2013
Mar. 2014 Mar. 2016 Mar. 2020
(January 30, 1946)
      Masaki Oga
President and Representative Director
Mayumi Fukuhara Director
Yasuyuki Oohira Director
Shizuka Uzawa
Outside Director (Independent Officer)
Yoshihiro Iwata Managing Director
Mackenzie Clugston
Outside Director (Independent Officer)
Shuji Fukuda
Outside Director (Independent Officer)
Apr. 1982 Oct. 2006
Mar. 2009 Mar. 2010
Mar. 2013
Mar. 2015 Jan. 2017
Mar. 2017
Joined the Company
Director, Tokyo Headquarters Office,
Tokyo Metropolitan Area Sales and Marketing Division of Sapporo Breweries Limited Operating Officer, Director of Hokkaido Sales & Marketing Division of Sapporo Breweries Limited Director (Member of the Board) and Managing Officer, Director of Marketing Department of Sapporo Breweries Limited
President and Representative Director of Sapporo Breweries Limited
Director (Member of the Board) and
Group Operating Officer of the Company Group Operating Officer of the Company President and Group Operating Officer of the Company
President and Representative Director of the Company (up to the present)
Joined the Company
Director of Human Resources and General
Affairs Department of Sapporo Breweries Limited
Director of Human Resources Department of Sapporo Breweries Limited
Director (Member of the Board), Director of Human Resources Department of the Company Director (Member of the Board) of the Company (up to the present)
Apr. 1969 June 2001
June 2009 June 2013 Mar. 2015 June 2016
Joined Nisshinbo Industries, Inc.
(currently Nisshinbo Holdings Inc.)
Director (Member of the Board), Chief of Accounting and Finance Division of Nisshinbo Industries, Inc.
President and Representative Director of Nisshinbo Holdings Inc.
Chairman and Representative Director of Nisshinbo Holdings Inc.
Outside Director (Member of the Board) of the Company (up to the present)
Advisor of Nisshinbo Holdings Inc.
(August 21, 1961)
(March 25, 1961)
(June 19, 1950)
   Apr. 1984 Mar. 2006
Mar. 2014
Mar. 2016
Jan. 2017
Mar. 2017 Mar. 2020
Joined the Company (formerly Sapporo Breweries Limited)
Director of Corporate Planning Department of Sapporo Breweries Limited (newly established company)
President and Representative Director of Sapporo International Inc.
Director (Member of the Board) and Group Operating Officer of the Company
Director (Member of the Board) and Senior Managing Executive Officer of POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage Ltd.
Director (Member of the Board) of Sapporo Group Management Co., Ltd.
Group Operating Officer of the Company President and Representative Director of POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage Ltd. (up to the present)
Executive Group Operating Officer of the Company
Managing Director (Member of the Board) of the Company (up to the present)
Apr. 1984 Mar. 2006
Mar. 2011 Sept. 2012
Mar. 2016
Mar. 2017 Mar. 2019 Mar. 2020
Joined the Company
Director of Engineering Department of Sapporo Breweries Limited
Operating Officer and Director of Chiba Brewery of Sapporo Breweries Limited
Director (Member of the Board) and Operating Officer, Director of Corporate Planning Department of Sapporo Breweries Limited Director (Member of the Board), Managing Executive Officer, Director of Research and Development Headquarters of POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage Ltd.
Director (Member of the Board) and Managing Executive Officer of POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage Ltd.
Director (Member of the Board), Director of Research and Development Division of the Company
Director (Member of the Board) of the Company (up to the present)
June 1982
Aug. 2000 Aug. 2003 Aug. 2009
Nov. 2012
Sept. 2016 Mar. 2018
Joined Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development of Canada
Consul General of Canada in Osaka
Minister, Embassy of Canada in Japan Ambassador of Canada to the Republic of Indonesia, to the Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste, and to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Canada to Japan
Consultant of the Company
Outside Director (Member of the Board) of the Company (up to the present)
(December 20, 1951)
 Apr. 1974 Aug. 2010
Apr. 2012 Apr. 2018 Mar. 2019
Joined Onoda Cement Co., Ltd.
(currently Taiheiyo Cement Corporation) Director, Managing Executive Officer and General Manager of Human Resources Department, of
Taiheiyo Cement Corporation
President and Representative Director of Taiheiyo Cement Corporation
Chairman and Director of Taiheiyo Cement Corporation (up to the present)
Outside Director (Member of the Board) of the Company (up to the present)

Board of Directors, Directors Who Are Audit & Supervisory Committee Members, and Group Operating Officers
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 67
Directors Who Are Audit & Supervisory Committee Members
Group Operating Officers
Hideya Takashima
Executive Group Operating Officer
President and Representative Director of Sapporo Breweries Limited
Shinichi Soya
Executive Group Operating Officer
President and Representative Director of POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage Ltd.
Yuichiro Miyake
Executive Group Operating Officer
President and Representative Director of Sapporo Lion Limited
Hiroshi Tokimatsu
Executive Group Operating Officer
President and Representative Director of Sapporo Real Estate Co., Ltd.
Yoshitada Matsude
Director of Accounting (serving concurrently as Director of Accounting at Sapporo Breweries Limited)
Toshio Mizokami Standing Director
Kazuo Sugie
Outside Director (Independent Officer)
(April 16, 1959)
(October 5, 1945)
   Apr. 1984 Mar. 2008
Mar. 2011 Mar. 2012
Sept. 2013 Mar. 2014
Mar. 2016
Mar. 2017 Mar. 2019 Mar. 2020
Joined the Company
Director of Accounting & Finance Department of Sapporo Breweries Limited
Managing Officer, Director of Accounting & Finance Department of Sapporo Breweries Limited
Director of Accounting & Finance Department of the Company
Director (Member of the Board), Director of Group Accounting & Finance Department of Sapporo Group Management Co., Ltd.
Director (Member of the Board) of Sapporo Group Management Co., Ltd.
Director (Member of the Board), Director of Corporate Finance and Business Management Department of the Company
Managing Director (Member of the Board)
of the Company
President and Representative Director of Sapporo Group Management Co., Ltd. Executive Group Operating Officer of the Company
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member of the Company (up to the present)
Standing Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member of the Company (up to the present)
Aug. 1970
June 2001 Apr. 2009
Apr. 2012 Mar. 2013
Mar. 2015 Mar. 2020
Joined Dainippon Ink and Chemicals, Inc. (currently DIC Corporation)
Director of Dainippon Ink and Chemicals, Inc. Representative Director, President and CEO of DIC Corporation
Chairman of the Board of DIC Corporation Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member of the Company (up to the present)
Senior Advisor of DIC Corporation
Outside Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member of the Company (up to the present)
(October 19, 1955)
  Kohtaro Yamamoto
Outside Director (Independent Officer)
Apr. 1985
Sept. 1991 Jan. 1994
Apr. 2012 Mar. 2020
Registered as a Lawyer (Daiichi Tokyo Bar Association)
Joined Yamashita & Oshima Law Offices Registered as a Lawyer in the State of New York Established Yamamoto Law Office (currently Yamamoto & Shibasaki Law Offices) (up to the present)
Vice-President of Daiichi Tokyo Bar Association Outside Director, Audit & Supervisory
Committee Member of the Company (up to the present)

Financial Highlights Note: Figures from fiscal 2015–fiscal 2017 are presented based on JGAAP. Figures from fiscal 2018–fiscal 2019 are stated based on IFRS.
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 68
   Revenue (Including Liquor Tax) / Core Operating Profit Margin*1
Earnings per Share*2 / ROE*3 (Yen)
Dividend per Share*4 / Dividend Payout Ratio
(Millions of yen) IFRS (%)
  600,000
6
 500,000
400,000
300,000
200,000
100,000
491,896
  3 2.4%
5
  4
2
1
 0 ’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19 0
     160
120
80
40
0
IFRS (%) (Yen) 12 60
9 45 6 30
55.92
2.6% 3 15
IFRS (%) 75.1% 80
                        Revenue (including liquor tax)
Core operating profit margin
*1 The core operating profit margin is calculated as revenue – cost of sales – selling, general and administrative expenses.
Net Financial Liabilities / Net Debt-to-Equity (D/E) Ratio /
EBITDA to Interest-Bearing Debt Ratio Status of Investments
’15 ’16 ’17 ’18 ’19
0 0 ’15 Dividend per share
’16
’17
’18
42 60 40 20
’19 0
Earnings per share ROE
*2 On July 1, 2016, the Company carried out a share consolidation at a ratio of 1 share for 5 shares of the Company’s common stock. Accordingly, per-share infor- mation is presented on a basis that reflects this share consolidation.
*3 Under JGAAP, ROE is calculated before goodwill amortization.
Dividend payout ratio
*4 On July 1, 2016, the Company carried out a share consolidation at a ratio of 1 share for 5 shares of the Company’s common stock. Accordingly, per-share infor- mation is presented on a basis that reflects this share consolidation.
   (Millions of yen)
250,000 200,000 150,000 100,000
50,000 0
IFRS (Times) (Millions of yen) 212,126 10 50,000
IFRS
35,971
(10,000 cases)
2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
(%)
44.1 50
1,919 40 30
20
10 ’19 0
Cash Flows from Operating Activities and
Trends in Overseas Beer Sales Volume
                  5.9
1.3
8 40,000 6 30,000 4 20,000 2 10,000
0 0
36,069
’18
36,745
11,816
            Net financial liabilities
Net debt-to-equity (D/E) ratio
Investment amount*5
Overseas beer sales volume
’15
’16
’17
’18
’19
’15
’16
’17
’19
’09
’11
’13
’15
’17
EBITDA to interest-bearing debt ratio
Ratio of overseas beer sales volume to domestic beer sales volume
Cash flows from operating activities
Proceeds from sale of investment securities and proceeds from sale of investment property EBITDA
*5 Investment amount is calculated as cash flows from investing activities + proceeds from sale of investment securities and proceeds from sale of investment property.

Non-Financial Highlights
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 69
   Results of Social Contribution Activities
Average Number of Years Employed (by Gender)*6 (Years)
Number of Academic Presentations (in fiscal 2019)
24
Sapporo Breweries gave presentations regarding findings that the aroma of hops can be changed by altering cultivation conditions, and on changes in beer aroma when Sorachi Ace, a Company- developed hop cultivar, is blended with other hop varieties, among other topics. In total, the Group gave 24 academic presentations during the fiscal year.
Number of Local Partnerships (as of February 2020) Society
63
The Sapporo Group has formed 63 cooperative agreements with a variety of entities across Japan—including prefectures, munic- ipalities, and universities—and is engaged in activities that contribute to local communities, provide support for the next generation, and aid with disaster prevention.
Proportion of Employees Taking Childcare Leave (in fiscal 2019)
68%
% 100
Ratio of employees taking childcare leave
(Including Sapporo Holdings and Sapporo Breweries).
  Society
(Millions of yen)
500 400 300 200 100
0
408
20 15 10
5
0 ’17
18.2 12.9
      ’17
Amount spent on social contribution activities
’19
’18
’18 ’19
*6 Average number of years employed at major domestic Group companies.
 Percentage of Women in Management Positions*7
(People) (%)
Ratio of Male to Female Employees*8 (%)
Men Women
    Human Resources
  200 160 120
80
40
0
8.7 148
10 8 6 4 2 0
100 80 60 40 20
0 ’17 Men Women
21.7
78.3
       ’17
’18
’19
’18 ’19
Men Women
Number of women in management positions
Percentage of women in management positions
*8 Percentage of women who are full-time employees of the Group domestically and overseas.
*7 Percentage of women in management positions at domestic and overseas Group companies.
Human Resources
Human Resources
Alcoholic Beverages, Food, and Soft Drinks
 Human Resources

Non-Financial Highlights
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 70
Outside Evaluations
Included in SRI Indices
FTSE4Good Index Series
(FTSE Russell, the United Kingdom)
FTSE Blossom Japan Index
(FTSE Russell, the United Kingdom)
MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index (MSCI Inc., the United States)
S&P/JPX Carbon Efficient Index
(S&P Dow Jones Indices, the United States)
SNAM Sustainability Index
(Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Asset Management, Japan)
Research and Development
Sapporo Breweries was awarded a prize in the Kaizen and Rationalization Category at the 43rd Kinoshita Awards.*
“Development of lightweight aluminum can lids for beer taste beverages”
* Hosted by the Japan Packaging Institute (a public corporation)
Cultivating Highly Unique Employees
Sapporo Holdings and certain Group Companies were certified as 2020 Excellent Enterprises of Health and Productivity Management (White 500).
Note: Sapporo Holdings and Sapporo Breweries were certified for the fourth consecutive year, and POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage and Sapporo Lion were certified for the third year in a row.
Sapporo Breweries obtained Platinum Kurumin certification from the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare for
the second consecutive year.
Sapporo Holdings obtained the 4.5 Stars Smart Work Management Award.
                                      
Ten-Year Summary of Financial and Non-Financial Data
The Sapporo Group has voluntarily applied International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), beginning in fiscal 2018. Figures prior to fiscal 2017 have been rounded down to the nearest specified unit. Figures from fiscal 2018 onward have been rounded up or down to the nearest unit. Moreover, in fiscal 2019, Country Pure Foods, Inc. was classified under discontinued operations, thus discontinued operations are presented separately from continuing operations. Consequently, revenue, operating profit, and profit before taxes for fiscal 2019 are shown based on values for continuing operations, and fiscal 2018 figures have been adjusted retroactively for comparative purposes.
JGAAP
IFRS
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 71
(Millions of yen)
      2019
 491,896
 371,100
 71,232
  11,724
 35,971
 11,588
 4,356
 29,900
 24,248
  2,994
 36,069
 (24,930)
 (5,984)
  638,722
 174,524
 212,126
  2.4%
 5.9
 1.3
 27.3%
 2.6%
 7,736
 8.7%
 —
 —
 For the Year:
Revenue
Revenue (excluding liquor tax) Overseas revenue
Overseas revenue (excluding liquor tax) Core operating profit*1
EBITDA*2
Profit before tax
Profit attributable to owners of parent Capital expenditures (cash basis) Depreciation
Goodwill amortization
R&D expenses
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Cash flows from financing activities
At Year-End:
Total assets
Total equity
Net financial liabilities*3
Other Indicators:
Core operating profit ratio
EBITDA to interest-bearing debt ratio (times)
Net debt-to-equity ratio (times)
Equity ratio
ROE (before goodwill amortization)
ROE 8.9% 2.5%
2018 493,908 398,745
74,246
15,159 39,751 10,629
8,521 21,573 24,592
2,840 30,830
(18,727) (14,521)
639,692 164,735 218,358
3.1% 5.5 1.4 25.2%
5.1%
7,904 8.8% 236.1 6,061
2010 2011 389,244 449,452 269,874 336,837
25,386 36,995 15,403 18,883 39,080 46,476 17,762 5,840 10,772 3,164 19,801 13,422 22,504 24,482
1,172 3,110
2,022 2,621 27,431 22,313
(2,594) (50,891) (18,119) 24,245
494,798 550,784 126,645 124,775 167,944 209,963
2012 492,490 379,792
53,370 14,414 44,099 10,512
5,393 53,870 25,805
3,879
2,998 29,618
(59,485) 30,159
597,636 134,946 247,891
2.9% 5.6 1.8 22.1% 7.3% 4.2% 7,264 — — —
2013 509,834 395,377
72,227 15,344 44,388 16,562
9,451 13,768 25,058
3,985
2,683 32,861
2014 518,740 401,813
77,262 14,728 42,974
2,694 340 19,133 24,481 3,764 2,698 22,284
(17,229) (7,307)
625,439 160,004 237,775
2.8% 5.5 1.5 25.0% 2.7% 0.2% 7,014 — 224.4 6,492
2015 533,748 418,319
94,550 13,950 42,327 11,690
6,108 20,339 24,224
4,153
2,724 35,265
(9,755) (24,802)
620,388 163,822 224,310
2.6% 5.3 1.4 25.5% 6.5% 3.9% 7,484 8.1% 248.3 6,498
2016 541,847 424,059
86,846 20,267 46,529 16,403
9,469 21,809 22,341
3,920
2,766 32,570
(27,586) (4,827)
626,351 166,380 227,553
3.7% 4.9 1.4 25.7% 8.4% 5.9% 7,858 7.6% 246.9 6,500
2017 551,548 433,260
91,937 17,032 44,558 17,801 10,977 15,253 23,571
3,954
2,791 30,004
(17,822) (10,171)
630,630 177,662 220,871
3.1% 5.0 1.2 27.5% 8.9% 6.6% 7,902 8.1% 239.2 6,409
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   4.0% 4.2% 4.3 4.5 1.3 1.7
(13,268) (19,147)
616,752 155,366 236,275
3.0% 5.3 1.5 24.6% 9.5% 6.7% 7,434 — 232.5 6,861
                              25.3% 22.4% 9.8% 5.1%
                             Number of employees*4 (people)
Groupwide ratio of women in management positions*5 Groupwide CO2 emissions*6 (kt)
Domestic Groupwide water use*7 (1,000 m3)
3,983 6,649 — — — — — —
                                        *1 Core operating profit is calculated as revenue – cost of sales – selling, general and administrative expenses.
*2 Under JGAAP, EBITDA is calculated as operating profit + depreciation + goodwill amortization. Under IFRS,
*5 Percentage of women in management positions at domestic and overseas Group companies (excluding seconded employees from other companies).
*6 In Japan, use figures are based on periodic reports submitted in accordance with the Act on Rationalizing Energy Use. Applicable to Sapporo Breweries, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage, Pokka Create, Sapporo Lion, and Sapporo Real Estate. Applicable to production facilities of overseas Group companies (2013–2014: four companies, 2015–2017: six companies, 2018: seven companies). Amounts totaled from April to March of the following year.
*7 Applicable to Sapporo Breweries, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage production facilities, Sapporo Lion, and Sapporo Real Estate. Amounts totaled from April to March of the following year.
however, EBITDA is calcu- lated as core operating profit + depreciation (excluding depreciation expenses on leased assets charged on the rent of restaurants).
*3 Net financial liabilities include commercial papers, but do not include the balance of leased liabilities.
*4 Number of employees on a company-affiliated basis (including seconded employees from other companies) as of December 31 of each
fiscal year.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 72
Business Overview
During the fiscal year under review, the Japanese economy on the whole remained steady, despite a decline in domestic demand due to factors such as the consumption tax hike and natural disasters, as companies increased their capital expenditures on the back of firm corporate earnings while individual employment and income improved steadily. However, uncertainty in the global economy increased owing to heightened U.S.–China trade friction and growing geopo- litical risks such as the worsening standoff between the U.S. and Iran.
Conditions in the industries in which the Group conducts operations were as follows.
In the domestic alcoholic beverage industry, the cost- cutting mindset of consumers has shifted demand more prominently to lower-priced products. Overseas, the North American beer market seemed to contract from the previous fiscal year’s level, primarily due to the impact of the cold wave. Conditions in the Asian beer market varied widely depending on the country, but the Vietnam beer market continued to expand. In the domestic soft drinks industry, overall demand appears to have decreased year on year, primarily due to the impact of typhoons. Meanwhile, in the real estate industry, rent levels continued on a gradual upward trend on the back of sustained solid demand in the office leasing market in the Tokyo metropolitan area.
Amid these circumstances, the Sapporo Group endeavored to accelerate growth under its Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150” and the First Medium-Term Management Plan 2020 and to achieve its financial targets for fiscal 2019, as it strived to be a company with highly unique brands in the
business fields of “Alcoholic Beverages,” “Food,” and “Soft Drinks” around the world.
The profit and loss of the North American soft drinks busi- ness have been classified under discontinued operations. This is because all of the shares in Country Pure Foods, Inc. (the company managing the North American soft drinks busi- ness, which is under the umbrella of the Food & Soft Drinks segment) held by the Sapporo Group were transferred to BPCP CPF Holdings Inc. in fiscal 2019.
Consolidated Operating Results
Revenue Graph 1
Revenue decreased ¥2.0 billion, or less than 1.0%, year on year, to ¥491.9 billion.
Graph 1 Revenue by Segment (Millions of yen)
IFRS
    600,000 500,000 400,000 300,000 200,000 100,000
0
’15–’17: ’18–’19:
Graph 2
’15 ’16
’17
’18 ’19
5,892 24,690 136,876
324,438
Food & Soft Drinks Real Estate Other
           Japanese Alcoholic Beverages
Restaurants Real Estate
Alcoholic Beverages Food & Soft Drinks
International Other
  The Alcoholic Beverages segment had somewhat mixed
results. While strong sales were achieved by mainstay brand 30,000 Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label and by Sapporo Chu-hi 99.99
(Four Nines), a new ready-to-drink (RTD) beverage in which 20,000 the segment has made aggressive investments, shipments of
new-genre products fell below the levels of the previous fiscal
year. As a result, segment revenue declined year on year. In
the Food & Soft Drinks segment, segment revenue rose follow-
ing the consolidation of Yasuma Co., Ltd., despite a weak
canned coffee market and a slump in demand due to inclem-
ent weather. The Real Estate segment achieved profit growth
supported by increases in rental income from core properties.
(Millions of yen)
10,000
0
(10,000)
’15 –’17:
’18 –’19:
IFRS
(%)
6
12,714
3.3% 4
Operating Profit by Segment / Operating Margin*
          2 (169) 0
(7,065)
(2)
International
Other Companywide elimination
7,877
(1,151)
  Operating Profit Graph 2
Operating profit increased ¥0.6 billion, or 5.0%, year on year, to ¥12.2 billion.
Operating margin
Alcoholic Beverages Food & Soft Drinks Real Estate Other Companywide elimination Operating margin
’15
’16
’17
’18
’19
Japanese Alcoholic Beverages Restaurants Real Estate
Food & Soft Drinks
* Under JGAAP, the operating margin is calculated as operating profit before goodwill amortization divided by net sales excluding liquor tax. Under IFRS, the operating margin is calculated as operating profit divided by revenue excluding liquor tax.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 73
 Operating profit in the Alcoholic Beverages segment rose on the back of domestic cost control measures, an improved product mix, and the impairment loss recorded in fiscal 2018 by U.S. subsidiary Anchor Brewing Company, which was not recorded in the fiscal year under review. On the other hand, operating profit declined in the Food & Soft Drinks segment as domestic sales fell. Conversely, the Real Estate segment recorded positive growth thanks to contributions from gains on sale of real estate following a property portfolio review, in addition to increases in rental income from core properties.
Profit before Tax
Profit before tax in fiscal 2019 rose ¥1.0 billion, or 9.0%, year on year, to ¥11.6 billion.
Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent Graph 3 In fiscal 2019, profit attributable to owners of parent decreased ¥4.2 billion, or 49.0%, year on year, to
¥4.4 billion. This was due to an increase in net loss from discontinued operations following the transfer of shares of Country Pure Foods, Inc.
Financial Position
Assets
Total assets as of December 31, 2019, stood at ¥638.7 billion, down ¥1.0 billion from the end of the previous fiscal year. This decline primarily reflected decreases in property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, and goodwill, which offset an increase in other non-current financial assets.
Liabilities
Graph 3 Profit Attributable to Owners of Parent / ROE*
Total liabilities came to ¥464.2 billion, down ¥10.8 billion
from the end of the previous fiscal year, primarily owing to 12,000 decreases in net defined liability and current portion of
bonds and borrowings, which offset an increase in other 9,000 financial liabilities.
(%)
12 9
4,356 6 2.6% 3
0
(Times)
2.0 1.6 1.2 0.8 0.4
0
(Millions of yen)
6,000
3,000
0
IFRS
         Equity
Total equity was ¥174.5 billion, up ¥9.8 billion from the end of the previous fiscal year. This change primarily reflected increases in profit attributable to owners of parent and other components of equity, which offset a decrease in non-controlling interests.
’15
’16
’17
’18 ’19
  Management Indicators
Graph 4
Graph 4 Financial Liabilities (Gross) / Net D/E Ratio
Profit attributable to owners of parent
ROE
* Under JGAAP, ROE is calculated before goodwill amortization.
  (Millions of yen)
IFRS
 The current ratio rose 2.5 percentage points, from 71.5% to 250,000 74.0%. The rise reflected an increase in current assets of
227,341 1.3
       ¥2.2 billion and a decrease in current liabilities of ¥4.1 billion, due to factors such as a fall in commercial papers. The ratio of total equity attributable to owners of parent
200,000
150,000
 to total assets increased from 25.2% in the previous fiscal 100,000 year to 27.3%. This is due to the increases in profit attribut-
  able to owners of parent and in financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, despite a decrease in retained earnings due to payment of year-end dividends.
50,000 0
’15
’16
’17
Net D/E ratio
’18 ’19
  Financial liabilities (gross)

Management’s Discussion and Analysis
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 74
Return on equity (ROE) was down from 5.1% in the previ- ous fiscal year to 2.6% due to the year-on-year decrease in profit attributable to owners of parent.
The net debt-to-equity (D/E) ratio, calculated as financial liabilities divided by total equity, was 1.3 times due to an increase in total equity from the previous fiscal year.
Analysis of Resources for Capital and Liquidity of Funds
for purchases of investment properties. The major inflow from investing activities was ¥8.6 billion from the sale of trust beneficiary right (investment property).
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities came to ¥6.0 billion, down 59.0%, or ¥8.5 billion, compared with fiscal 2018.
The main cash outflows were ¥21.5 billion for repayment of long-term borrowings, ¥10.0 billion for redemption of bonds, ¥7.0 billion for repayment of lease liabilities, and ¥6.5 billion decrease in commercial papers. The main cash inflow was ¥21.4 billion in proceeds from long-term borrow- ings and the issuance of bonds totaling ¥20.0 billion.
Liquidity and Procurement of Funds
The Sapporo Group primarily allocates working capital toward operating expenses, which include production expenses related to production and sales activities as well as SG&A expenses. In the Alcoholic Beverages and Food & Soft Drinks segments, capital for investment purposes is allocated as capital investments to establish and maintain plants, whereas in the Real Estate segment this capital is put toward property investments. Capital for investment purposes is also allocated to M&A in growth areas such as overseas and new businesses.
The Group has introduced a cash management system (CMS) that enables Sapporo Holdings to centrally manage fund allocation within the Group in Japan. The concentration at the Company of cash flows generated by individual Group companies helps preserve fund liquidity, while flexible and efficient fund allocation within the Group serves to minimize financial liabilities.
The Company strives to secure fund procurement channels and liquidity to ensure that there are sufficient funds to cover present and future operating activities, as well as the repayment of debts and other funding needs. The necessary funds are procured mainly from cash flows from operating activities and loans, primarily from financial institutions.
Outlook for Fiscal 2020
The outlook for fiscal 2020 is not being reported here due to the difficulty of reasonably calculating the impact of COVID-19 at the time of publication.
 Cash Flows Graph 5
Cash and cash equivalents (collectively, “cash”) totaled
¥15.2 billion as of December 31, 2019, up ¥5.2 billion,
or 52.0%, from the end of the previous fiscal year. The Graph 5 Cash Flows following is an explanation of consolidated cash flows by (Millions of yen)
category and the factors that affected cash flows in each 40,000
category. 30,000
IFRS
36,069
11,139 (5,984)
(24,930)
      20,000 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 10,000
Net cash provided by operating activities was ¥36.1 billion,
up 17.0%, or ¥5.2 billion, from fiscal 2018. 0 The main cash inflows were ¥28.2 billion from deprecia- (10,000)
tion and amortization and a ¥4.9 billion loss on sale of (20,000)
  discontinued operations.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities was ¥24.9 billion, up 33.0%, or ¥6.2 billion, compared with fiscal 2018.
Major investment outflows were ¥15.0 billion for pur- chase of property, plant and equipment and ¥13.2 billion
(30,000)
’15
’16
’17
’18
’19
 Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from financing activities
Cash flows from investing activities Free cash flow
 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 75
December 31, 2018 and 2019
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Trade and other receivables
Inventories 37,109
(Millions of yen)
(Millions of yen)
   2019
 15,215
92,529
36,528
5,403
6,090
 155,765
147,014
219,589
18,358
8,844
428
78,728
7,445
2,551
 482,957
 638,722
    2019
 34,475
72,121
6,538
2,414
33,021
61,903
 210,472
 155,220
23,921
46,624
5,007
2,828
20,125
 253,725
 464,197
 53,887
40,958
(1,792)
51,521
29,497
 174,071
454
 174,524
 638,722
 2018
2018
35,292 73,863 6,743 1,527 33,905 63,260 214,591
154,483 24,495 45,733 11,715
2,991 20,950 260,367 474,957
53,887 40,998
(1,822) 46,065 22,373
161,501 3,234 164,735 639,692
      Other financial assets Other current assets Total current assets
4,790
8,316 153,544
9,989 93,340
Liabilities and equity
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables Bonds and borrowings Lease liabilities
Income tax payable Other financial liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Bonds and borrowings Lease liabilities
Other financial liabilities Retirement benefit liability Other non-current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities
Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities
Equity
Share capital
Capital surplus
Treasury shares
Retained earnings
Other components of equity
Total equity attributable to owners of parent Non-controlling interests
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
            Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
Investment property
Goodwill
Intangible assets
Investments accounted for using the equity method Other financial assets
Other non-current assets
Deferred tax assets
Total non-current assets
Total assets
152,676 215,522 21,229 12,056 410 70,205 8,526 5,523 486,148 639,692
              Note: The Company adopted International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) beginning in December 2018. Figures from January 1, 2017, onward have been adjusted to reflect this transition.

 Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss and Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 76
Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019
Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss
Continuing operations Revenue
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Other operating income
Other operating expenses
Operating profit
Finance income
Finance costs
Share of profit of investments accounted for using the equity method Profit before tax
Income tax expense
Profit from continuing operations
Discontinued operations
Loss from discontinued operations
Profit
Profit attributable to:
owners of parent non-controlling interests Profit
Basic earnings (loss) per share (Yen) Continuing operations Discontinued operations
Basic earnings per share (Yen)
Diluted earnings (loss) per share (Yen) Continuing operations
Discontinued operations
Diluted earnings per share (Yen)
(Millions of yen)
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Profit
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total of items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
Effective portion of net change in fair value of cash flow hedges
Total of items that may be reclassified to profit or loss Other comprehensive income, net of tax
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to: owners of parent
non-controlling interests
Comprehensive income
(Millions of yen)
   2019
 491,896
336,682
 155,213
143,490
3,528
3,044
 12,208
1,227
1,864
18
 11,588
4,259
 7,329
(3,509)
 3,820
4,356
(536)
 3,820
 99.39
(43.46)
55.92
 93.55
(40.81)
52.74
    2019
 3,820
6,411
4,595
11,006
885
204
1,090
12,095
15,915
16,104
(188)
15,915
 2018
493,908 335,631 158,277 143,118
3,009
6,580 11,588 1,139 2,117 19 10,629 2,023 8,606
(886) 7,721
8,521 (801)
7,721
114.55 (5.15)
109.40
109.37 (4.91)
104.46
2018 7,721
(9,201)
(3,688) (12,890)
(2,765)
(69) (2,834) (15,724) (8,003)
(6,987) (1,016) (8,003)
                          
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 77
Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019
            Other components of equity
(Millions of yen)
Total equity
175,710
7,721 (15,724) (8,003) (20)
     Balance as of January 1, 2018
Profit
Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Issuance of convertible bonds with share acquisition rights
Dividends
Share-based payment transactions Transfer to retained earnings
Total transactions with owners
Balance as of December 31, 2018
Balance as of January 1, 2019
Profit
Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income
Purchase of treasury shares Disposal of treasury shares Dividends
Disposal of subsidiaries Share-based payment transactions Transfer to retained earnings
Total transactions with owners Balance as of December 31, 2019
Share capital
53,887
—
Capital surplus
40,825
—
0 182
(9) 173
40,998
Capital surplus
Treasury shares
(1,807)
— (20)
5
(15)
(1,822)
Treasury shares
Retained earnings
44,491
8,521 8,521
(3,122)
(3,826) (6,947)
46,065
Retained earnings
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
1,137
(2,622) (2,622)
Effective portion of net change in fair value of cash flow hedges
(191)
2 2
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
33,712
(9,200) (9,200)
(466) (466)
24,046
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
—
(3,688) (3,688)
3,688 3,688
—
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total
34,659
— (15,508) (15,508)
— —
— — —
3,222 3,222
22,373
Total
Total equity attributable to owners of parent
172,055
8,521 (15,508) (6,987) (20)
6
182 (3,122) (9) (603) (3,566)
161,501
Total equity attributable to owners of parent
Non-controlling interests
3,655
(801)
(215) (1,016)
  — —6
 —
53,887
Share capital
—
(1,485)
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
—
(188)
— (8) —
603 595
3,234
Non-controlling interests
182 (3,130) (9)
— (2,972)
164,735
(Millions of yen)
Total equity
                Effective portion of net change in fair value of cash flow hedges
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Other components of equity
    53,837
 40,998
 (1,822)
 46,065
 (1,485)
 (188)
 24,046
 —
 22,373
 161,501
 3,234
 164,735
    4,356
      4,356
 (536)
 3,820
622
120
6,411
4,595
11,748
11,748
348
12,095
—
—
—
4,356
622
120
6,411
4,595
11,748
16,104
(188)
15,915
(9)
—
(9)
—
(9)
0
39
—
39
—
39
(3,277)
—
(3,277)
(12)
(3,289)
(245)
—
(245)
(2,580)
(2,826)
(41)
—
(41)
—
(41)
4,623
(28)
(4,595)
(4,623)
—
—
—
—
 (41)
 30
 1,100
 —
 —
 (28)
 (4,595)
 (4,623)
 (3,534)
 (2,592)
 (6,126)
 53,887
 40,958
 (1,792)
 51,521
 (863)
 (68)
 30,428
 —
 29,497
 174,071
 454
 174,524
     
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before taxes
Loss before tax from discontinued operations
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment losses
Loss on sale of discontinued operations
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Share of loss (profit) of investments accounted for using the equity method
Loss (gain) on sale and retirement of property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets
(Increase) decrease in trade and other receivables (Increase) decrease in inventories
Increase (decrease) in trade and other payables Increase (decrease) in accrued alcohol tax
Other
Subtotal
Interest and dividends received
Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment
Purchase of investment property
Purchases of intangible assets
Purchases of investment securities
Proceeds from sale of investment securities
Purchase of investments in subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation
Payments for sales of subsidiaries’ shares resulting in change in scope of consolidation
Proceeds from sale of discontinued operations
Purchase of trust beneficiary right (investment property) Proceeds from sale of trust beneficiary right (investment property)
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 78
(Millions of yen)
   2019
 11,588
(5,102)
28,242
1,342
4,886
(1,185)
2,248
(18)
(1,599)
849
(210)
(754)
(1,414)
274
 39,149
 1,188
(2,101)
(2,167)
 36,069
 (14,995)
387
(13,211)
(2,917)
(1,710)
1,045
(1,633)
(491)
1,798
—
8,586
    2019
 (182)
129
(1,735)
(24,930)
 920
(6,500)
21,370
(21,486)
20,000
(10,013)
(3,290)
(7,016)
(9)
39
 (5,984)
 71
 5,226
 9,989
 15,215
 2018
10,629 (1,137)
28,512 5,430 —
(1,123) 2,368
(19)
(659) 4,209 70
(830) (1,950) (2,968)
42,533 1,150
(2,197) (10,657)
30,830
(13,581) 1,729
(4,712) (2,220) (6,345) 1,455
—
—
— (2,523)
7,239
2018 (139)
      Payments for loans receivable
Collection of loans receivable
Other (3,712)
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Cash flows from financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings Net increase (decrease) in commercial papers Proceeds from long-term borrowings
Repayment of long-term borrowings
Proceeds from issuance of bonds Redemption of bonds
Dividends paid
Repayment of lease liabilities
Payments for purchase of treasury shares Other
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
4,081 (18,727)
  (264) (3,500)
12,000 (22,524) 20,021 (10,068)
(3,133) (7,038) (20)
6 (14,521) (130) (2,548)
12,537 9,989
                      
Corporate Data (As of December 31, 2019) Corporate Information
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 79
 Name of Shareholder
  Number of Shares (Thousands)
  Percentage (%)
  Company Name Business
Date of Establishment Head Office
Capital
Fiscal Year-End Date Number of Employees
Stock Information
Total Number of Authorized Shares
Total Number of Issued Shares
Number of Shareholders Stock Listing
Shareholder Register Manager
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Holding company
September 1, 1949
20-1, Ebisu 4-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-8522, Japan
¥53,887 million
December 31 on an annual basis 7,736 (Consolidated)
305 (Parent company)
200,000,000 78,794,298
68,638
Tokyo Stock Exchange, First Section Sapporo Securities Exchange (Securities Code: 2501)
Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Major Shareholders
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account)
Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd., as retirement benefit trust assets Mizuho Trust and Banking Co., Ltd.
Nippon Life Insurance Company
Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Company
The Norinchukin Bank
Marubeni Corporation
Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd., as trustee for Mizuho Bank Ltd.
Retirement Benefit Trust Account re-entrusted by Mizuho Trust and Banking Co., Ltd.
Taisei Corporation
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account 5)
Note 1: Shareholding ratios are calculated after deduction of treasury stock (763,242). Note 2: The statuses of the above major shareholders are based on the shareholder register.
Trends in Stock Price and Volume
6,520
3,100
2,237
2,236
1,875
1,649
1,400
1,387
8.36
3.97 3.13
2.87
2.87
2.40
2.11 2.04
1.79
1.78
Volume (thousand)
20,000
16,000
12,000
8,000
4,000
0
    2,442
         1,594
     Sapporo Holdings
TOPIX
   Breakdown of Shareholders by Investor Type
Japanese financial institutions 33,340 thousand (42.31%)
Japanese individuals 19,059 thousand (24.19%)
Japanese corporations 12,563 thousand (15.94%)
Foreign institutions and individuals
11,014 thousand (13.98%)
Japanese securities firms 2,053 thousand (2.61%)
Treasury stock
763 thousand (0.97%)
175
150
125
100
75
0
2015
2016
2017 2018
2019
     Note 1: The stock prices of Sapporo Holdings and TOPIX are indexed with the closing price data of December 2014 set at 100. Note 2: Stock prices have been adjusted to reflect the impact of the stock consolidation.

List of Group Companies (As of April 30, 2020)
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 80
   The Netherlands
1 SAPPORO EUROPE B.V.
Sale of alcoholic beverages for the entire European region
1
Japan
   4 5
SAPPORO BREWERIES LIMITED
Manufacture and sale of beer, wine, and other alcoholic beverages
Canada
8 SLEEMAN BREWERIES LTD. Manufacture and sale of beer
8
SAPPORO LION LIMITED
Operation of restaurants
45
67
The United States
         Vietnam
2 SAPPORO VIETNAM LTD. Manufacture and sale of beer
Singapore
2
6 ANCHOR BREWING COMPANY, LLC Manufacture and sale of beer
7 SAPPORO U.S.A., INC. Sale of beer
  3 SAPPORO LION (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD. Operation of restaurants
3
    Alcoholic Beverages
SAPPORO BREWERIES LIMITED YEBISU WINEMART CO., LTD. TANOSHIMARU SHUZO CO., LTD. SAPPORO FIELD MARKETING CO., LTD. SHINSEIEN CO., LTD.
SAPPORO GROUP LOGISTICS CO., LTD. SAPPORO LOGISTICS SYSTEMS CO., LTD. SAPPORO LION LIMITED
NEW SANKO INC. MARUSHINKAWAMURA INC.
4 GINRIN SUISAN INC. HANEI INC.
SAPPORO VIETNAM DISTRIBUTION QUEBEC LTD. SAPPORO LION (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.
KEIYO UTILITY CO., LTD.*
3
                           SAPPORO EUROPE B.V. 1 SAPPORO U.S.A., INC. 7 ANCHOR BREWING COMPANY, LLC 6 SAPPORO CANADA INC.
SLEEMAN BREWERIES LTD. 8 5 SLEEMAN BREWING COMPANY USA INC.
SAPPORO ASIA PRIVATE LTD.
SAPPORO VIETNAM LTD. 2
* Equity-method affiliate
                                                           
List of Group Companies
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 81
           Singapore
1 POKKA PTE. LTD.
Manufacture and sale of beverages
Japan
4 POKKA SAPPORO FOOD & BEVERAGE LTD. Beverage & food businesses, restaurant business, etc.
5 SAPPORO REAL ESTATE CO., LTD. Leasing and rental of real estate, real estate development, hotel operation, etc.
45
Malaysia
     1
2
3
2 3
POKKA ACE (M) SDN. BHD.
Manufacture and sale of beverages
POKKA (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD.
Manufacture and sale of beverages
   Food & Soft Drinks
POKKA SAPPORO FOOD & BEVERAGE LTD. POKKA SAPPORO HOKKAIDO LTD. OKINAWA POKKA CORPORATION CO., LTD. POKKA CREATE CO., LTD.
FOREMOST BLUE SEAL, LTD.
PS BEVERAGE LTD.
PUBLIC VENDING SERVICE LTD.
STAR BEVERAGE SERVICE CO., LTD. POKKA SAPPORO OFFICE SUPPORT LTD.
4 OKINAWA SUN POKKA CO., LTD. IWATA POKKA FOODS CO., LTD. OKINAWA POKKA FOODS CO., LTD. YASUMA CO., LTD.
SHINSYU-ICHI MISO CO., LTD.
POKKA PTE. LTD. 1 POKKA ACE (M) SDN. BHD. 2 POKKA (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. 3 POKKA LOGISTICS SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.
Real Estate
SAPPORO REAL ESTATE CO., LTD.
TOKYO ENERGY SERVICE CO., LTD.
YGP REAL ESTATE CO., LTD.
THE CLUB AT YEBISU GARDEN CO., LTD.*
Other Companies
SAPPORO GROUP MANAGEMENT LTD.
SAPPORO WELLNESS LAB LIMITED
5
                                                                                   * Equity-method affiliate

 SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
20-1, Ebisu 4-chome, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-8522, Japan https://www.sapporoholdings.jp/en/

Financial Statements
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED
Year ended December 31, 2019 with Independent Auditor’s Report

 
1. Consolidated Financial Statements
(1) Consolidated Financial Statements
i) Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As of Note
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents 8 Trade and other receivables 9 Inventories 11 Other financial assets 10 Other current assets 12 Total current assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 13 Investment property 15 Goodwill 14 Intangible assets 14 Investments accounted for using equity
method
Other financial assets 10 Other non-current assets 12 Deferred tax assets 18 Total non-current assets
Total assets
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2019
844,628
167,580
80,727
3,908
718,652 67,961
   December 31, 2018
December 31, 2019
   9,989 93,340 37,109
4,790 8,316
 153,544
152,676 215,522 21,229 12,056
  15,215 92,529 36,528
5,403 6,090
 155,765
147,014 219,589 18,358 8,844
   333,435 49,319 55,594
 1,421,863
1,341,977 2,004,464
       17
410
428
 70,205 8,526 5,523
 486,148
 639,692
 78,728 7,445 2,551
 482,957
 638,722
 23,282
 4,408,551
 5,830,414
            The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
-1-
138,887

(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2019
658,338
218,357
25,817 183,707 2,316,068 4,237,311
491,891 373,871
(16,357) 470,299 269,259
1,588,963
   As of Note
Liabilities and equity
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 21 Bonds and borrowings 19 Lease liabilities 20 Income taxes payable
Other financial liabilities 23 Other current liabilities 24 Total current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Bonds and borrowings 19 Lease liabilities 20 Other financial liabilities 23 Retirement benefit liability 22 Other non-current liabilities 24 Deferred tax liabilities 18 Total non-current liabilities
Total liabilities Equity
Share capital
Capital surplus
Treasury shares
Retained earnings
Other components of equity
Total equity attributable to owners of parent Non-controlling interests
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
December 31, 2018
December 31, 2019
   35,292 73,863 6,743 1,527 33,905 63,260
 214,591
154,483 24,495 45,733 11,715
2,991 20,950
 260,367
 474,957
53,887 40,998
(1,822) 46,065 22,373
 161,501 3,234
 164,735
 639,692
  34,475 72,121 6,538 2,414 33,021 61,903
 210,472
155,220 23,921 46,624
5,007
2,828 20,125
 253,725
 464,197
53,887 40,958
(1,792) 51,521 29,497
 174,071 454
 174,524
 638,722
   59,682
22,031 301,425 565,066
 1,921,243 1,416,888
             4,140
 1,593,103
 5,830,414
            The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
-2-
314,701
 425,594 45,705

ii) Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
For the fiscal year ended Note
Continuing operations
Revenue 6, 27 Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative
expenses
Other operating income 30 Other operating expenses 30 Operating profit 6
Finance income 31 Finance costs 31
December 31, 2018
143,118
December 31, 2019
143,490
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2019
1,309,812
      493,908 335,631
 158,277
  491,896 336,682
 155,213
  4,490,148 3,073,320
 1,416,827
       3,009 6,580
 11,588
1,139 2,117
 3,528 3,044
 12,208
1,227 1,864
 32,201 27,783
 111,434
    Share of profit of investments accounted for using equity method
Profit before tax
17
19 18 161 105,781
     10,629 2,023
 8,606
(886)
 7,721
 8,521 (801)
 7,721
   11,588 4,259
 7,329
(3,509)
 3,820
 4,356 (536)
 3,820
   38,879
 66,903
Income tax expense 18 Profit from continuing operations
Discontinued operations
Loss from discontinued operations 40
(32,031)
     34,871
   Profit
Profit attributable to Owners of parent Non-controlling interests Profit
       39,763 (4,892)
 34,871
         Basic earnings (loss) per share (Yen or U.S. dollars)
Continuing operations Discontinued operations Basic earnings per share
34
34
   Diluted earnings (loss) per share (Yen or U.S. dollars)
Continuing operations Discontinued operations Diluted earnings per share
The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
-3-
114.55 (5.15)
109.40
99.39 (43.46) 55.92
11,202 17,016
   0.91 (0.40) 0.51
      109.37 (4.91)
104.46
93.55 (40.81) 52.74
0.85 (0.37) 0.48

iii) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2019
34,871
58,521
41,941 100,462
8,083 1,864 9,946
   For the fiscal year ended Note December 31, 2018 Profit 7,721
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
December 31, 2019
6,411
4,595 11,006
885
204 1,090
       Financial assets measured at fair value
through other comprehensive income
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans 32 (3,688) Total of items that will not be reclassified
to profit or loss
   32 (9,201)
         Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
Effective portion of net change in fair value of cash flow hedges
Total of items that may be reclassified to
profit or loss
Total other comprehensive income, net of tax
Comprehensive income
Comprehensive income attributable to Owners of parent
Non-controlling interests Comprehensive income
(12,890)
32 (2,765) 32 (69) (2,834)
              (15,724)
 (8,003)
  12,095
 15,915
 16,104 (188)
 15,915
  110,409
 145,280
          (6,987) (1,016)
 (8,003)
 146,998 (1,718)
 145,280
         The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
-4-
3,820
 
iv) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
(Millions of yen)
 Other components of equity
  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
  Effective portion of net change in fair value of cash flow hedges
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehen- sive income
  Remeasure- ments of defined benefit plans
 Total
      Balance as of January 1, 2018
Profit
Other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Issuance of convertible bonds with share acquisition rights
Dividends
Share-based payment transactions
Transfer to retained earnings
Total transactions with owners
Balance as of December 31, 2018
Balance as of January 1, 2018
Profit
Other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Issuance of convertible bonds with share acquisition rights
Dividends
Share-based payment transactions
Transfer to retained earnings
Total transactions with owners
Balance as of December 31, 2018
53,887 40,825 (1,807)
1,137     (191)
(2,622)     2 (2,622)     2
33,712
(9,200) (9,200)
(466)
(466) 24,046
–
(3,688) (3,688)
3,688 3,688 –
34,659
(15,508) (15,508) –
– –
–
– 3,222 3,222 22,373
Note
32
Share capital
Capital surplus
Treasury shares
Retained earnings
44,491 8,521
8,521
(3,122)
(3,826) (6,947) 46,065
               ––– 25 (20) 2505
            182
26 35(9)
– 173 53,887 40,998
(15) (1,822)
Total equity
175,710 7,721 (15,724)
(8,003) (20) 6
182
(3,130) (9) – (2,972)
164,735
–     – (1,485)     (188)
                                        Total equity Note attributable
to owners of parent
172,055 8,521 32 (15,508)
Non- controlling interests
3,655 (801) (215)
             (6,987) (1,016) 25 (20) – 25 6 –
182 –
26 (3,122) (8) 35 (9) – (603) 603 (3,566) 595 161,501 3,234
                                           The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
-5-

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
Other components of equity
(Millions of yen)
   Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
  Effective portion of net change in fair value of cash flow hedges
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehen- sive income
  Remeasure- ments of defined benefit plans
 Total
      Note
Share capital
53,887
Capital surplus
40,998
Treasury shares
(1,822)
Retained earnings
46,065 4,356
4,356
(3,277) (245)
4,623
1,100 51,521
 Balance as of January 1, 2019
Profit
(1,485)     (188)
622     120 622     120
–     – (863)     (68)
24,046
6,411 6,411
(28)
(28) 30,428
– 22,373
4,595 11,748 4,595 11,748 – – –
–
– (4,595) (4,623) (4,595) (4,623)
– 29,497
                  Other comprehensive income
32 Comprehensive income
                Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
––– 25 (9) 25039
                    Dividends 26
          Changes due to sale of consolidated subsidiaries Share-based payment transactions
Transfer to retained
earnings
Total transactions with owners
Balance as of December 31, 2019
Balance as of January 1, 2019
35 (41)
                                  – 53,887
Total equity Note attributable
to owners of parent
(41) 40,958
Non- controlling interests
30 (1,792)
Total equity
164,735 3,820 12,095 15,915
(9)
39 (3,289)
(2,826)
                           161,501
Profit 4,356 (536)
3,234
        Other comprehensive income
32 11,748 348 Comprehensive income 16,104 (188)
        Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
25 (9) –
25 39 –
        Dividends 26 (3,277) (12)
    Changes due to sale of
consolidated (245) (2,580) subsidiaries
Share-based payment
transactions
Transfer to retained
earnings
     35 (41) – –––
(41)
           Total transactions with owners
Balance as of December 31, 2019
(3,534) (2,592) 174,071 454
(6,126) 174,524
           The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
-6-

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) Other components of equity
   Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
  Effective portion of net change in fair value of cash flow hedges
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehen- sive income
  Remeasure- ments of defined benefit plans
 Total
       Balance as of January 1, 2019
Profit
Other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Dividends
Changes due to sale of consolidated subsidiaries Share-based payment transactions
Transfer to retained
earnings
Total transactions with owners
Balance as of December 31, 2019
Balance as of January 1, 2019
Profit
Other comprehensive income
Comprehensive income
Purchase of treasury shares
Disposal of treasury shares
Dividends
Changes due to sale of consolidated subsidiaries Share-based payment transactions
Transfer to retained
earnings
Total transactions with owners
Balance as of December 31, 2019
Note
32
Share capital
491,891
Capital surplus
374,242
Treasury shares
(16,629)
Retained earnings
420,491 39,763
39,763
(29,917) (2,240)
42,201
10,044 470,299
(13,553)
5,678 5,678
(1,717)
1,094 1,094
219,495
58,521 58,521
(260)
(260) 277,756
–
41,941 41,941
(41,944) (41,944) –
204,226
107,235 107,235 – – –
–
– (42,201) (42,201)
269,259
                              ––– 25 (85) 253357
                              26
35 (373)
                                            – 491,891
Total equity Note attributable
to owners of parent
1,474,221
39,763 (4,892)
32 107,235 3,174 146,998 (1,718) 25 (85) –
25 360 – 26 (29,917) (107)
(2,240) (23,555)
35 (373) – –––
– (7,874)
– (623)
(371) 373,871
Non- controlling interests
272 (16,357)
Total equity
1,503,741 34,871 110,409 145,280
(85)
360 (30,025)
(25,795)
                               29,521
                                 (373)
           (32,256) 1,588,963
(23,663) 4,140
(55,918) 1,593,103
           The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
-7-

v) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2019
105,781 (46,572)
257,805 12,253 44,602
(10,820) 20,521
(161)
(14,596)
7,753 (1,913) (6,883)
(12,905) 2,498 357,362 10,847
(19,177) (19,782)
329,250
(136,879) 3,531
(120,593) (26,627) (15,605)
9,539 (14,908)
(4,485)
16,414 –
78,375
(1,666) 1,177
(15,836) (227,563)
    For the fiscal year ended
Note
December 31, 2018
December 31, 2019
11,588 (5,102)
28,242 1,342 4,886
(1,185) 2,248
(18)
(1,599)
849 (210) (754)
(1,414) 274 39,149 1,188
(2,101) (2,167)
36,069
(14,995) 387
(13,211) (2,917) (1,710)
1,045 (1,633)
(491)
1,798 –
8,586
(182) 129
(1,735) (24,930)
    Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before tax
Loss before tax from discontinued operations
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment losses
Loss on sale of discontinued operations
Interest and dividend income
Interest expenses
Share of loss (profit) of investments accounted for using
equity method
Loss (gain) on sale and retirement of property, plant and
equipment, and intangible assets
Decrease (increase) in trade and other receivables
Decrease (increase) in inventories
Increase (decrease) in trade and other payables
Increase (decrease) in accrued alcohol tax
Other (2,968)
   Subtotal Interest and dividends received
Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Purchase of investment property
Purchase of intangible assets
Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sale of investment securities
Purchase of investments in subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation
Payments for sale of investments in subsidiaries resulting in change in scope of consolidation
Proceeds from sale of discontinued operations
Purchase of trust beneficiary right (investment property)
Payments for loans receivable
Collection of loans receivable
Other
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
33
33 33
10,629 (1,137)
28,512 5,430 –
(1,123) 2,368
(19)
(659)
4,209 70
(830) (1,950)
42,533 1,150
(2,197) (10,657)
30,830
(13,581) 1,729
(4,712) (2,220) (6,345) 1,455
–
–
– (2,523)
7,239
(139) 4,081
(3,712) (18,727)
       Proceeds from sale of trust beneficiary right (investment property)
   -8-

(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2019
8,402 (59,334)
195,071 (196,128) 182,565
(91,403) (30,035) (64,040)
(85)
360 (54,626)
645 47,706 91,181 138,887
    For the fiscal year ended Note
Cash flows from financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings 33 Net increase (decrease) in commercial papers 33 Proceeds from long-term borrowings 33 Repayments of long-term borrowings 33 Proceeds from issuance of bonds 33 Redemption of bonds 33 Dividends paid
Repayments of lease liabilities 33 Purchase of treasury shares
Other
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 8 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 8
December 31, 2018
(264) (3,500)
12,000 (22,524) 20,021 (10,068)
(3,133) (7,038) (20)
6 (14,521) (130) (2,548)
12,537 9,989
December 31, 2019
920 (6,500)
21,370 (21,486) 20,000 (10,013)
(3,290) (7,016) (9)
39 (5,984)
71 5,226 9,989 15,215
                    The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
-9-

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
1. Reporting Entity
Sapporo Holdings Limited (the “Company”) is a corporation domiciled in Japan. The location of its registered head office and principal place of business is Shibuya-ku, Tokyo. The consolidated financial statements, for which the reporting date is December 31, 2019, comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) and its interests in associates. The nature of the Group’s businesses and the Group’s principal activities are disclosed below in “6. Operating Segments.”
2. Basis of Preparation
(1) Compliance with IFRS
The Group’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The Company meets the requirements to qualify as a “Specified Company Complying with Designated International Accounting Standards” in Article 1-2 of the Regulation on Terminology, Forms, and Preparation Methods of Consolidated Financial Statements and therefore applies the provisions of Article 93 of said regulation.
(2) Approval of financial statements
The Group’s consolidated financial statements presented herein were approved by the Company’s Board of Directors on March 27, 2020.
(3) Measurement basis
The Group’s consolidated financial statements were prepared on a historical cost basis with certain exceptions, most notably financial instruments as disclosed in “3. Significant Accounting Policies.”
(4) Presentation currency
The Group’s consolidated financial statements are presented in Japanese yen, the Company’s functional currency, with monetary values rounded to the nearest million yen. For the convenience of the reader, the accompanying consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 have been translated from Japanese yen amounts into U.S. dollar amounts at the rate of ¥109.55=U.S. $1.00, the exchange rate as of December 31, 2019.
3. Significant Accounting Policies
(1) Basis of consolidation i) Subsidiaries
    The Group consolidates entities as subsidiaries if it has control over the entity, meaning that it has the right to directly or indirectly determine the entity’s financing and management policies to obtain benefits from the entity’s operations.
In preparing its consolidated financial statements, the Group uses its group companies’ respective financial statements prepared as of the same reporting date in conformity with uniform accounting policies. When accounting policies applied by a subsidiary differ from the accounting policies applied by the Group, the subsidiary’s financial statements are adjusted as needed.
Consolidation of investees begins form the date that the Group obtains control of the investee and ceases when the Group loses control of the investee.
Intra-group transactions and any receivable and payable balances and unrealized profits or losses resulting therefrom are eliminated.
Non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries’ net assets are identified separately from the Group’s ownership interest.
When the Group partially disposes of an interest in a consolidated subsidiary while retaining control of the subsidiary, it accounts for the disposal as an equity transaction. In such cases, any difference between the resultant adjustment to non- controlling interests and the fair value of the consideration received is directly recognized in equity as equity attributable to owners of parent.
When the Group loses control of a consolidated subsidiary, it remeasures the retained interest in the former consolidated subsidiary at its fair value at the date when control is lost. Any difference between said fair value and the retained interest’s carrying amount is recognized in profit or loss.
Non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries are identified separately from the Group’s interests. Consolidated subsidiaries’ comprehensive income is attributed to the owners of the parent and to the non-controlling interests even if such attribution results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.
-10-

 ii) Associates
 Associates are entities over which the Group has significant influence, but not control, with respect to financing and operating policies.
The Group accounts for investments in associates using the equity method.
Under the equity method, investments in associates are recognized at cost at the acquisition date and adjusted thereafter for post-acquisition changes in the Group’s share of the associate’s net assets, with such adjustments recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
The Group’s share of associates’ profit or loss is reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss. In the event of a change recognized in an associate’s other comprehensive income, the Group recognizes its share of the change in other comprehensive income.
The Group adjusts its consolidated financial statements to eliminate the Group’s share in any unrealized gains or losses resulting from transactions between itself and associates.
Associates’ financial statements are prepared for the same reporting period as the Group’s consolidated financial statements and adjusted to harmonize the associates’ accounting policies with the Group’s accounting policies.
If the Group loses significant influence over an associate, its retained investment in the associate is remeasured and recognized at fair value. Any difference between the associate’s carrying amount at the date when significant influence is lost and the sum of any retained investment’s fair value and any proceeds from disposing of an interest in the associate is recognized in profit or loss.
  (2) Business combinations
 Business combinations are accounted for by applying the acquisition method.
If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the business combination occurred, the business combination is accounted for using provisional amounts that are retrospectively adjusted during a measurement period not to exceed one year from the acquisition date.
Cost is measured as the aggregate of the consideration transferred for the acquiree, measured at fair value at the acquisition date, and the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree.
For each business combination, non-controlling interests in acquirees are measured at either fair value or the equivalent of the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share in the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
Acquisition-related costs associated with business combinations are accounted for as expenses in the periods in which they were incurred.
When the Group acquires a business, it classifies or designates identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the basis of the contractual terms and economic and other pertinent conditions as of the acquisition date. As a general rule, identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are measured at their acquisition-date fair values.
In business combinations achieved in stages, the Group remeasures its equity interest in the acquiree held before obtaining control of the acquiree at acquisition-date fair value and recognizes the resulting gain or loss in profit or loss or in other comprehensive income.
Goodwill is measured as the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and any amount recognized as a non-controlling interest over the net amount of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
If the aggregate of the consideration transferred and amount recognized as a non-controlling interest is less than the net amount of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the resultant gain is recognized in profit.
After initial recognition, goodwill acquired in business combinations is not amortized. It is carried at its cost less any accumulated impairment losses.
  (3) Foreign currency translation
i) Functional currency and presentation currency
  The Group’s consolidated financial statements are presented in Japanese yen, the Company’s functional currency. Companies within the Group determine their own respective functional currencies and measure their transactions in their functional currency.
 ii) Translation of foreign currency transactions
 Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency at the applicable spot exchange rate at the transaction date or a rate approximating said spot rate.
 Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are translated into the functional currency using the applicable spot exchange rate at the end of the reporting period. Any exchange differences arising from said translation or on the settlement of monetary assets/liabilities are recognized in profit or loss. However, exchange differences arising from financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and cash flow hedges are recognized in other comprehensive income.
-11-

 iii) Translation of foreign operations
 Foreign operations’ assets and liabilities are translated into Japanese yen at the spot exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. Their income and expenses are translated into Japanese yen at the applicable spot exchange rate at the transaction date or a rate approximating said spot rate. Any exchange differences arising from said translation are recognized in other comprehensive income.
 On the disposal of a foreign operation, accumulated exchange differences relating to that foreign operation are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which the disposal occurred.
  (4) Financial instruments i) Financial assets
(i) Initial recognition and measurement
   The Group classifies financial assets as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss or at fair value through other comprehensive income or as financial assets measured at amortized cost. It determines financial assets’ classification at initial recognition.
The Group recognizes a financial asset at the transaction date on which the Group became a party to the contractual provisions of the financial asset.
Financial assets are classified as measured at amortized cost if they meet both of the following conditions. Otherwise they are classified as measured at fair value.
 ・ The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows.
・ The financial asset’s contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
 Debt instrument financial assets are classified as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if they meet both of the following conditions. If not, they are classified as measured at fair value through profit or loss.
 ・ The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets.
・ The financial asset’s contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
 Among financial assets measured at fair value, the Group designates equity instruments as measured at fair value through profit or loss or measured at fair value through other comprehensive income on an instrument-by- instrument basis and applies the designation on an ongoing basis.
All financial assets except those classified as measured at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to their acquisition.
 (ii) Subsequent measurement
After initial recognition, financial assets are measured as follows in accordance with their classification. (a) Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Financial assets measured at amortized cost are measured using the effective interest method. (b) Other financial assets
(iii) Derecognition
(iv) Impairment
     Financial assets other than those measured at amortized cost are measured at fair value.
Changes in the fair value of financial assets measured at fair value are recognized in profit or loss or in other comprehensive income.
For equity instruments designated as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, changes in fair value are recognized in other comprehensive income and, when they are derecognized or have decreased significantly in fair value, reclassified to retained earnings. Dividends from equity instruments are recognized in profit or loss for the period.
  Financial assets are derecognized when the rights to the benefits therefrom have expired or been transferred or when substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred.
  For financial assets measured at amortized cost, the Group recognizes an allowance for doubtful accounts for expected credit losses.
At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on its financial assets has increased significantly since initial recognition. If credit risk has not increased significantly, the Group recognizes an allowance
-12-

 for doubtful accounts at an amount equal to the 12-month expected credit losses. If credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group recognizes an allowance for doubtful accounts at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses.
For trade receivables, contract assets and lease receivables, the Group always recognizes an allowance for doubtful accounts at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses.
If an impairment loss previously recognized for a financial asset is reduced by an event subsequent to the impairment loss’s recognition, the Group reverses the previously recognized impairment loss and recognizes the reversal in profit or loss.
 ii) Compound financial instruments
 The liability component of a compound financial instrument is measured at initial recognition at the fair value of a similar liability without an equity conversion option. The equity component is measured at initial recognition at the residual amount after deducting the liability component’s fair value from the fair value of the financial instrument as a whole. Direct transaction costs are allocated to the liability and equity components in proportion to their initial carrying amounts.
After initial recognition, the liability component of a compound financial instrument is measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. The equity component of compound financial instruments is not remeasured after initial recognition.
Interest relating to the liability component of a compound financial instrument is recognized in profit and loss as a finance cost. On conversion of a convertible instrument, the liability component is reclassified to equity, and no gain or loss is recognized.
 iii) Financial liabilities
(i) Initial recognition and measurement
(ii) Subsequent measurement
After initial recognition, financial liabilities are measured as follows in accordance with their classification. (a) Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
(b) Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
(iii) Derecognition
Financial liabilities are derecognized when the obligation has been discharged or cancelled or has expired.
iv) Offsetting of financial instruments
The Group offsets financial assets and financial liabilities and presents the net amount in its Consolidated Statement of Financial Position only when it currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
v) Derivatives and hedge accounting
The Group uses derivatives such as currency forwards and interest rate swaps to respectively hedge currency risk and interest rate risk. These derivatives are initially measured at fair value at their contract inception date and subsequently remeasured at fair value.
Changes in derivatives’ fair value are recognized in profit or loss on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss, except that the effective portion of cash flow hedges is recognized in other comprehensive income on the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.
At the inception of a hedge, the Group formally designates and documents the hedging relationship to which it plans to apply hedge accounting and its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. Said documentation includes the specific hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, and the nature of the risk being hedged and the method of assessing effectiveness of changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. The Group assesses on an ongoing basis whether its hedges are expected to be highly effective in offsetting changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows and whether they have actually been highly effective throughout the financial reporting periods for
  The Group classifies financial liabilities as financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss or financial liabilities measured at amortized cost. It determines financial liabilities’ classification at initial recognition.
All financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, but financial liabilities measured at amortized cost are measured at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs.
    Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value. After initial recognition, interest expense and changes in fair value are recognized in other comprehensive income on the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income to the extent that they are attributable to changes in the Group’s credit risk. Any remaining interest expense and/or changes in fair value are recognized in profit or loss.
  After initial recognition, financial liabilities measured at amortized cost are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Amortization using the effective interest method and gains and losses on derecognition are recognized in profit or loss on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
    -13-

which the hedge was designated.
Hedges that meet stringent hedge accounting requirements are classified and accounted for as follows in accordance with IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (“IFRS 9”).
(a) Fair value hedges
(b) Cash flow hedges
  Changes in derivatives’ fair value are recognized in profit or loss on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss. Changes in hedged items’ fair value that are attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in profit or loss on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and the hedged item’s carrying amount is adjusted accordingly.
  The effective portion of gains or losses on hedging instruments is recognized in other comprehensive income on the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income; the ineffective portion is immediately recognized in profit or loss on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
The amounts recognized in other comprehensive income in relation to hedging instruments are reclassified to profit or loss when the hedged transaction affects profit or loss. When a hedged transaction results in the recognition of a non-financial asset or non-financial liability, the amount recognized in other comprehensive income is treated as an adjustment to the asset or liability’s initial carrying amount.
When a forecast transaction or firm commitment is no longer expected to occur or be fulfilled, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in equity through other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss. When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or is terminated or exercised without being replaced with or rolled over into another hedging instrument, or when a hedge designation is revoked, any amounts previously recognized in equity through other comprehensive income remain in equity until the forecast transaction occurs or the firm commitment is fulfilled.
 vi) Financial instruments’ fair value
When measuring the fair value of financial instruments traded in an active market as of the reporting date, the Group references publicly quoted market prices and dealer prices.
For financial instruments without an active market, the Group measures the fair value using appropriate valuation techniques.
(5) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, demand deposits and short-term investments maturing within three months of their acquisition date that are readily convertible to cash and subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
(6) Inventories
The cost of inventories includes all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. In measuring cost, the Group mainly uses the gross average method. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
(7) Property, plant and equipment
The Group has adopted the cost model to measure property, plant and equipment.
Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.
Cost includes any costs directly related to the asset’s acquisition, estimated costs of dismantling and removing the asset and restoring the site on which it is located and any borrowing costs eligible for capitalization.
All property, plant and equipment except land are depreciated on a straight-line basis to systematically allocate their depreciable amount, calculated as cost less residual value as of the reporting date.
Expected useful lives of major classes of property, plant and equipment are as follows. Buildings and structures 2-65 years
Machinery and vehicles 2-17 years
Tools, furniture and fixtures 2-20 years
Assets’ residual values, expected useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed at each fiscal year-end. Any changes therein are accounted for as a change in an accounting estimate.
   -14-

 (8) Goodwill and intangible assets i) Goodwill
Goodwill is measured at initial recognition as disclosed above under “(2) Business combinations.”
After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. It is not amortized.
Goodwill is derecognized when an operation within the cash-generating unit (or group thereof) to which the goodwill has been allocated is disposed of. When the gain or loss on such a disposal is determined, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation.
ii) Intangible assets
The Group has adopted the cost model to measure intangible assets. Intangible assets are carried at their cost less any accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses.
Separately acquired intangible assets are measured at cost at initial recognition. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business combination is measured at the asset’s fair value at the acquisition date. All expenditures on internally generated intangible assets except development costs that meet capitalization criteria are recognized as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.
Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized using the straight-line method over their respective useful lives and tested for impairment whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.
Expected useful lives of and amortization methods for intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed at each fiscal year-end. Any changes therein are applied prospectively as a change in an accounting estimate.
Expected useful lives of major classes of intangible assets are as follows.
  Software
Customer relationships Other
2-5 years 2-22 years 2-31 years
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not yet available for use are not amortized. They are tested for impairment either separately or as part of a cash-generating unit annually and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.
(9) Leases
(Lessee)
Lease liabilities are measured at the present value of total lease payments that are not paid at the lease commencement date. Right-of-use assets are initially measured at the amount of the initial measurement of the corresponding lease liability, adjusted mainly by any initial direct costs and any prepaid lease payments, plus costs including restoration obligations under the lease agreement. Right-of-use assets are systematically depreciated over the lease term.
Lease payments are allocated between finance costs and the principal portion of the lease liability’s remaining balance in a manner that equates the finance costs to a constant periodic rate of interest on the lease liability’s remaining balance. Finance costs are presented separately from depreciation charges on right-of-use assets on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
The Group determines whether a contract is a lease or contains a lease based on the contract’s substance irrespective of whether the contract is in the legal form of a lease.
For leases with an initial term of 12 months or less and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value, associated lease payments are recognized as an expense on either a straight-line basis over the lease term or another systematic basis.
(Lessor)
Leases whereby the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. In operating leases, the lease’s underlying asset is carried on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position and lease payments are recognized as income on a straight-line basis over the lease term on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
(10) Investment property
For measuring investment property, the Group has adopted the same cost model it uses to measure property, plant and equipment.
Investment property is initially recognized at its cost inclusive of transaction costs. The cost of an investment property includes directly attributable costs, such as professional fees for legal services and property transfer taxes. Costs related to replacing part of an existing investment property are included in the property’s cost when incurred if they meet the asset recognition standard. Costs related to an investment property’s day-to-day servicing are recognized in profit or loss when incurred.
  -15-

After initial recognition, investment property is measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.
Property is transferred to, or from, investment property only when there is a change in use.
Investment property is derecognized on disposal or when it is permanently withdrawn from use and no longer expected to yield any future economic benefits. In such cases, the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the asset’s carrying amount is recognized in profit or loss in the period in which the asset was derecognized.
Investment property’s useful life is mainly in the 2-65 year range.
Investment property’s residual value, useful life and depreciation method are reviewed at each fiscal year-end. Any changes therein are accounted for as a change in an accounting estimate.
(11) Impairment of assets
i) Impairment of non-financial assets
The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is any indication that any of its assets may be impaired. If any such indication exists and the asset in question is required to be tested for impairment annually, the Group estimates the asset’s recoverable amount. When recoverable amount cannot be estimated for assets individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of each cash-generating unit to which the assets respectively belong. If a cash- generating unit’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount, the Group recognizes an impairment loss on the cash-generating unit’s assets and reduces the assets’ carrying amount to their recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal.
Value in use is measured as the present value of estimated future cash flows, calculated using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset in question.
Fair value less costs of disposal is measured using an appropriate valuation model backed by available fair-value indicators.
Goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated, from the acquisition date, to each cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination.
Goodwill, intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.
ii) Reversals of impairment losses
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there is any indication that an impairment loss recognized in prior periods for an asset other than goodwill may have decreased or may no longer exist, in cases such as when an assumption used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount has changed. If such an indication exists, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the asset or cash-generating unit in question. If the re-estimated recoverable amount exceeds the asset or cash-generating unit’s carrying amount, the impairment loss is reversed up to the lower of the measured recoverable amount and the carrying amount (net of amortization or depreciation) that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset or cash-generating unit in prior fiscal years. Reversals of impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss.
Impairment losses recognized for goodwill are not reversed.
(12) Employee benefits
i) Retirement benefits
The Group operates defined benefit plans and defined contribution plans as employee retirement benefit plans.
The Group separately determines the present value of its defined benefit obligations and the related current service cost and past service cost on a plan-by-plan basis using the projected unit credit method.
The discount rate is determined by reference to yields at the end of the period on high quality corporate bonds.
Liabilities or assets related to defined benefit plans are determined as the present value of defined benefit obligations less the fair value of plan assets.
Remeasurements of assets (liabilities) related to defined benefit retirement benefit plans are immediately reflected in retained earnings after being fully recognized in other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Past service costs are expensed in the period incurred.
Expenses related to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognized as expenses in the period in which the contributions occurred.
ii) Short-term employee benefits
Short-term employee benefits are recognized on an undiscounted basis as expenses when employees render the related services. Bonus payments are recognized as liabilities at the amount expected to be paid pursuant to the applicable
  -16-

bonus plan when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to make such payments as a result of past labor provided by employees and the amount of the liability can be reliably estimated.
(13) Share-based payments
The Group has adopted an equity-settled share-based payment plan.
Equity-settled share-based payments are accounted for by measuring the services received, and the corresponding increase in equity, at fair value (of the equity instruments) at the grant date, expensing said fair value over the applicable vesting period and recognizing an equal amount as an increase in equity.
(14) Provisions
Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
Where the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. In measuring present value, the Group uses a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.
(15) Contingencies
When the Group has a potential liability at the end of a reporting period but the potential liability does not constitute a measurable obligation at the reporting date or does not meet the recognition criteria for provisions, the potential liability is disclosed in a note as a contingent liability.
Prospective inflows of economic benefits are disclosed in a note when their realization is probable but uncertain at the reporting date.
(16) Revenue
With the exception of rental income accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16 and certain other income, revenue is recognized in accordance with the following five-step approach at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to the customer.
Step 1: Identify the contract with a customer.
Step 2: Identify performance obligations in the contract.
Step 3: Determine the transaction price.
Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract. Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied.
Based on the identification of performance obligations in contracts with customers in accordance with the above five-step approach, the portion of sales promotion and other expenses that is consideration paid to customers by the Group is deducted from revenue.
Additionally, alcohol taxes are deducted from revenue from transactions in regions in which the Group is involved in alcoholic beverage sales as an agent. Inflows of economic benefits after alcohol taxes are presented as revenue on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
(17) Government grants
Government grants are recognized at fair value when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the attached conditions, and that the grants will be received.
Government grants related to income are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
Government grants related to assets are recognized as deferred income that is recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the related asset’s useful life.
(18) Income taxes
Current taxes for current and prior periods are measured at the amount expected to be paid to (or recovered from) the taxation authorities, using the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
Deferred taxes are accounted for using an asset and liability approach to differences between assets and liabilities’
      -17-

carrying amount for accounting purposes and their tax base (temporary differences) at the end of the reporting period.
As a general rule, deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences while deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences, unused tax credit carryforwards, and tax loss carryforwards to the extent that it is probable that taxable income will be available against which the deferred tax assets can be recovered.
In certain exceptional cases, however, no deferred tax asset or deferred tax liability is recognized for temporary differences.
Deferred tax assets’ carrying amounts (including unrecognized deferred tax assets) are reassessed at the end of each reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting date.
(19) Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing profit or loss attributable to the Company’s ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding (ordinary shares issued less treasury shares) during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.
(20) Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations
i) Non-current assets held for sale
Non-current assets (or disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. The requirements for said classification are met only when the Group’s management is committed to a plan to sell the asset (or disposal group), its sale is highly probable within one year and the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present condition. Non-current assets (or disposal groups) classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets classified as held for sale are not depreciated or amortized. ii) Discontinued operations
The Group recognizes any component of a company that either has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale, which falls under any of the following, as a discontinued operation.
・ A separate major line of business or geographical area of operations
・ Part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations ・ A subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale
The post-tax profit or loss of discontinued operations and the post-tax gain or loss recognized on the disposal of the disposal group(s) constituting the discontinued operation are presented separately from continuing operations as profit from discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss. The disclosures for prior periods have also been re-presented accordingly.
(21) Equity
i) Ordinary shares
Ordinary shares are carried at their issue price in share capital and capital surplus.
ii) Treasury shares
When the Group acquires treasury shares, the consideration paid for the shares is recognized as a deduction from equity.
When the Group sells treasury shares, any difference between their carrying amount and the consideration received from their sale is recognized in capital surplus.
(22) Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalized as part of the asset’s cost. All other borrowing costs are recognized as an expense in the period incurred.
4. Significant Accounting Estimates and Judgments Involving Estimations
In preparing consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS, management is required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect accounting policies’ application and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and
    -18-

expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Estimates and their underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised as warranted. Accounting estimate revisions’ effects are recognized in the accounting period in which the revision occurred and accounting periods subsequent thereto.
Management judgments and estimates that have a significant effect on amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements are as follows.
(1) Inventory valuation (Significant accounting policy, (6) Inventories)
Inventories are measured at cost, but if their net realizable value at the end of a reporting period has fallen below their cost, inventories are measured at their net realizable value and the difference between their cost and net realizable value is recognized in cost of sales as a general rule. Additionally, inventory held for longer than the normal operating cycle is generally measured at net realizable value that reflects future demand and market trends. If inventories’ net realizable value decreases significantly as a result of the market environment deteriorating more than expected, the Group may incur losses.
(2) Impairment of non-financial assets (Significant accounting policy, (11) Impairment of assets)
The Group tests property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, including goodwill, for impairment. In measuring assets’ recoverable amount for impairment testing, the Group make certain assumptions regarding variables such as assets’ useful lives, future cash flows, pre-tax discount rates and long-term growth rates. These assumptions are determined based on management’s best estimates and judgment, but the variables to which they pertain may be affected by the results of uncertain future changes in economic conditions. If the assumptions need to be revised, amounts recognized in the Group’s consolidated financial statements, etc. for the next fiscal year and beyond may be significantly affected.
(3) Measurement of defined benefit obligation (Significant accounting policy, (12) Employee benefits)
The Group has various post-employment benefit plans, including defined benefit plans. These plans’ respective defined benefit obligation’s present value, relevant service costs and other accounting inputs are estimated based on actuarial assumptions. The actuarial assumptions require estimates and judgments regarding a variety of variables, including discount rates, retirement rates and mortality rates. The Group obtains advice from external pension actuaries on the appropriateness of its actuarial assumptions that include the foregoing variables.
The actuarial assumptions are determined based on management’s best estimates and judgment, but the variables to which they pertain may be affected by the results of uncertain future changes in economic conditions and/or amendment or promulgation of related laws. If the actuarial assumptions need to be revised, the amounts recognized in the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the next fiscal year and beyond may be significantly affected.
(4) Recoverability of deferred tax assets (Significant accounting policy, (18) Income taxes)
Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilized. In assessing the probability of taxable profits being available when recognizing a deferred tax asset, the Group reasonably estimates amounts and timing of the future taxable profits it is capable of earning and measures the deferred tax asset’s amount accordingly.
Taxable profits’ timing and amounts may be affected by uncertain future changes in economic conditions. If taxable profits’ timing and/or amount differs from previous estimates thereof, the amounts recognized in the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the next fiscal year and beyond may be significantly affected.
(5) Financial instruments’ fair value (Significant accounting policy, (4) Financial instruments)
When measuring certain financial instruments’ fair value, the Group uses valuation techniques that utilize inputs that are unobservable in markets. Such unobservable inputs may be affected by the results of uncertain future changes in economic conditions. If they are revised, the Group’s consolidated financial statements may be significantly affected.
(6) Contingencies (Significant accounting policy, (15) Contingencies)
The Group discloses contingencies that could significantly affect its future operations, taking into account all evidence available at the reporting date and contingencies’ probability of occurrence and monetary impact.
5. New Standards and Interpretations Not Yet Applied
The standards and interpretations newly established or revised by the date the consolidated financial statements were authorized for issuance would not significantly affect the consolidated financial statements.
-19-

6. Operating Segments
(1) Overview of reportable segments
 The Group’s reportable segments are components of the Group for which discrete financial information is available and whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Company’s Board of Directors to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segments and assess their performance.
Each operating company, under the Company, a pure holding company, proposes business development and strategies for products, services and sales markets in which it is involved and conducts business activities.
The Group’s reportable segments have been organized on the basis of the differences in products, services, and sales markets in which each of operating companies and their subsidiaries and associates is involved, and its reportable segments are composed of three businesses: “Alcoholic Beverages Business,” “Food & Soft Drinks Business,” and “Real Estate Business.”
The “Alcoholic Beverages Business” segment manufactures and sells alcoholic beverages and operates various styles of restaurants.
The “Food & Soft Drinks Business” segment manufactures and sells food and soft drinks. The “Real Estate Business” segment’s activities include leasing of real estate.
(Changes to reportable segments)
Under the new management structure launched in January 2017, the Group set forth, in the First Medium-Term Management Plan of the Long-Term Management Vision “SPEED150” announced in November 2016, that the Group will “strengthen its platform functions” through “the strategic shift of resources, and business structural reforms and the promotion of segment management,” which will spur the Group’s growth.
To secure reliable growth while continuing to nurture and strengthen Group brands, the Group has restructured its business organization to promote the growth of international business along specific business lines for the purpose of further strengthening management oversight of each business, and in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, the five previous reportable segments of “Japanese Alcoholic Beverages Business,” “International Business,” “Food & Soft Drinks Business,” “Restaurants Business,” and “Real Estate Business” have been changed into the three new reportable segments of “Alcoholic Beverages Business,” “Food & Soft Drinks Business,” and “Real Estate Business.”
In conjunction with these changes, the former “International Business” segment has been split and incorporated into the “Alcoholic Beverages Business” and the “Food & Soft Drinks Business” segments. In addition, the former “Restaurants Business” segment has been incorporated into the “Alcoholic Beverages Business” segment, and the food business which was part of the former “Other Business” segment has been incorporated into the “Food & Soft Drinks Business” segment.
Segment information for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 has been prepared on the new basis of segmentation following the changes.
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, the Group transferred all the shares in Country Pure Foods, Inc. (the holding company managing the North American soft drinks business, which falls under the “Food & Soft Drinks Business” segment) held by the Company to BPCP CPF Holdings Inc. Accordingly, the profit or loss of the North American soft drinks business is not included in the segment information because the North American soft drinks business has been classified as a discontinued operation.
-20-

(2) Segment revenue and performance
The Company’s revenue, operating profit (loss) and selected other items are presented below by reportable segment. The Company monitors segment performance based on operating profit.
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
 Alcoholic Beverages
330,009
408 330,417
3,856
13,470 5,112
Food & Soft Drinks
133,384
275 133,659
1,910
6,677 450
Real Estate
Other
6,033
21,585 27,618
177
41 –
Total
493,908
25,093 519,001
17,990
25,364 5,562
Total
491,896
25,780 517,676
19,272
25,057 1,317
Adjustment
–
(25,093) (25,093)
(6,401)
1,514 (132)
Adjustment
–
(25,780) (25,780)
(7,065)
1,752 25
(Millions of yen) Consolidated
493,908
– 493,908
11,588
26,879 5,430
(Millions of yen) Consolidated
491,896
– 491,896
12,208
26,809 1,342
 Revenue
Revenue from external customers
Intersegment revenue Total
Operating profit (loss)
Other items
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment losses
24,483
2,824 27,307
12,047
5,177 –
        Share of profit of investments accounted for using equity method
  19
 –
   0
  –
  19
  –
  19
    For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
 Alcoholic Beverages
324,438
579 325,017
7,877
12,983 669
Food & Soft Drinks
136,876
295 137,171
(1,151)
6,839 648
Real Estate
24,690
2,704 27,393
12,714
5,200 –
Other
 Revenue
Revenue from external customers
Intersegment revenue Total
Operating profit (loss)
Other items
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment losses
5,892
22,203 28,095
(169)
36 –
        Share of profit of investments accounted for using equity method
  17
 –
   0
  –
  18
  –
  18
   -21-

 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
  Revenue
Revenue from external customers
Intersegment revenue Total
Operating profit (loss)
Other items
Depreciation and amortization
Impairment losses
Alcoholic Beverages
2,961,553
5,283 2,966,835
71,907
118,513 6,108
Food & Soft Drinks
1,249,435
2,694 1,252,129
(10,502)
62,424 5,914
Real Estate
225,373
24,678 250,052
116,060
47,464 –
Other
53,787
202,672 256,459
(1,541)
324 –
Total Adjustment
4,490,148 –
235,327 (235,327) 4,725,474 (235,327)
175,923 (64,490)
228,725 15,994 12,023 230
Consolidated
4,490,148
– 4,490,148
111,434
244,720 12,253
         Share of profit of investments accounted for using equity method
  158
 –
   4
  –
  161
 –
   161
“Other” is an operating segment not included in reportable segments and includes a logistics business. Adjustments include corporate costs not allocated to any reportable segment and intersegment eliminations. Corporate costs consist of general and administrative expenses not attributable to reportable segments.
(3) Information about geographical areas
A geographical breakdown of revenue from external customers and non-current assets is presented below.
 Revenue from external customers
For the fiscal year ended Japan
North America
Other
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 3,839,923
440,527
209,698 4,490,148
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 4,083,797 (739,065)
264,215 (211) 60,539 (2,658) 4,408,551 (741,934)
    December 31, 2018 419,662 50,175 24,071 493,908
December 31, 2019 420,664 48,260 22,972 491,896
            Total
(Note) Revenue is disaggregated based on the location of sales destination.
     Non-current assets
As of
Japan
North America Other
Total
(Millions of yen)
  December 31, 2018 432,210 (72,244) 44,782 (2,725) 9,157 (758) 486,148 (75,728)
December 31, 2019 447,380 (80,965) 28,945 (23) 6,632 (291) 482,957 (81,279)
        (Note) The amounts in parentheses are the financial instruments, deferred tax assets, etc. of the geographical area included in the non-current assets, as of December 31, 2018, and December 31, 2019.
-22-

 (4) Information about major customers
Customers accounting for 10% or more of the revenue reported on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss are listed below.
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
550,695
 Name Related Segment
KOKUBUGROUPCORP. AlcoholicBeverages, Food & Soft Drinks
7. Business Combinations
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
61,682
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
60,329
      The Group acquired trust beneficiary rights in investment and rental property. Details are disclosed under “15. Investment Property, (1) Changes in investment property.”
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
There was no significant business combination to be reported.
8. Cash and Cash Equivalents
A breakdown of cash and cash equivalents is presented below.
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 139,947
(1,060) 138,887
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 134,484
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
845,695 (1,067) 844,628
   As of
Cash and deposits
Time deposits maturing over three months
Total
Cash outflow for leases is presented below.
For the fiscal year ended Total cash outflow for leases
December 31, 2018 10,971 (982) 9,989
December 31, 2019 15,331
(116) 15,215
              (Millions of yen)
December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019
      As of
Notes and accounts receivable - trade Allowance for doubtful accounts
Total
December 31, 2018
93,460 92,646
(120) (117) 93,340 92,529
14,298
14,733
    9. Trade and Other Receivables
A breakdown of trade and other receivables is presented below.
 (Millions of yen)
   December 31, 2019
             Trade and other receivables are classified as financial assets measured at amortized cost.
They are presented net of allowance for doubtful accounts on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
-23-

10. Other Financial Assets
(1) Breakdown of other financial assets
A breakdown of other financial assets is presented below.
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 632,258
45,641 112 40,482 2,852 54,417 2,209 (9,999) 767,971
49,319 718,652 767,971
 As of December 31, 2018 Stocks 59,483 Bonds 5,000
December 31, 2019 69,264 5,000 217 12 3,821 4,435 555 312 5,985 5,961
   Derivative assets
Accounts receivable - other
Loans receivable
Guarantee deposits
Other 1,193
242 (1,095)
84,131
5,403 78,728 84,131
     Allowance for doubtful accounts Total
Current assets Non-current assets
Total
(1,260) 74,995
4,790 70,205 74,995
            Other financial assets are presented net of allowance for doubtful accounts on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
Stocks and bonds are classified as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, derivative assets (excluding those subject to hedge accounting) as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss, and accounts receivable - other, loans receivable and guarantee deposits as financial assets measured at amortized cost.
(2) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
The Group’s main holdings classified as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and their fair values are presented below.
As of December 31, 2018
FUJIO FOOD SYSTEM Co., Ltd. Resorttrust, Inc.
Imperial Hotel, Ltd.
SHIBUYA CORPORATION TAISEI CORPORATION Marubeni Corporation
Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd. Central Japan Railway Company Rengo Co., Ltd.
Keikyu Corporation
(Millions of yen)
5,582 5,400 4,678 2,471 1,882 1,803 1,587 1,529 1,389 1,356
 Issuer
Amount
            -24-

As of December 31, 2019
Issuer
FUJIO FOOD SYSTEM Co., Ltd. Resorttrust, Inc.
Imperial Hotel, Ltd.
SHIBUYA CORPORATION
Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd. Marubeni Corporation TAISEI CORPORATION DAISYO CORPORATION Keikyu Corporation
Central Japan Railway Company
Amount (Millions of yen)
10,823 6,218 4,948 2,146 2,045 1,892 1,818 1,679 1,592 1,452
Amount
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
98,795 56,755 45,164 19,585 18,668 17,270 16,595 15,326 14,532 13,254
               The Group holds stocks mainly to maintain or strengthen commercial, collaborative and/or financial relationships and therefore designates them as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
(3) Derecognition of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Certain financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income were sold (derecognized), mainly as a result of business strategy revisions. Their fair value at the date of the sale and the cumulative gains or losses associated with their sale are presented below.
Cumulative gains or losses (net of tax) that had been recognized in equity through other comprehensive income were reclassified to retained earnings upon the assets’ sale.
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 9,612
3,970
 For the fiscal year ended Fair value
Cumulative gains (losses)
December 31, 2018 1,452 822
December 31, 2019 1,053 435
      Recognized dividend income from financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income is presented below.
 For the fiscal year ended Derecognized financial assets Financial assets held at fiscal year-end
11. Inventories
A breakdown of inventories is presented below.
As of
Merchandise and finished goods Raw materials and supplies
Total
December 31, 2018 9 968
December 31, 2019 82 963
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 748
8,793
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 213,839
119,596 333,435
        (Millions of yen)
 December 31, 2018 22,876 14,233 37,109
December 31, 2019 23,426 13,102 36,528
       -25-

The amount of inventories recognized in cost of sales in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018, and December 31, 2019, was 340,196 million yen and 314,366 million yen (2,869,610 thousand U.S. dollars), respectively.
The amount of inventory valuation losses recognized as an expense in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018, and December 31, 2019, was 1,069 million yen and 1,282 million yen (11,705 thousand U.S. dollars), respectively.
12. Other Assets
A breakdown of other current assets and other non-current assets is presented below.
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 39,094
806 31,267 27,707 24,680 123,555
55,594
67,961 123,555
 As of
Prepaid expenses
Income taxes receivable Long-term prepaid expenses Other investments
Other
Total
Current assets Non-current assets
Total
December 31, 2018 4,942 2,236 4,530 3,010 2,125 16,842
8,316
8,526 16,842
December 31, 2019 4,283 88 3,425 3,035 2,704 13,535
6,090
7,445 13,535
                 -26-

13. Property, Plant and Equipment
(1) Changes in property, plant and equipment
Changes in the carrying amount, cost and accumulated depreciation and impairment losses of property, plant and equipment are presented below.
(Millions of yen)
 Carrying amount
As of January 1, 2018
Acquisitions
Transfer from construction in progress
Depreciation
Impairment losses
Sales and disposals
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
Other changes
As of December 31, 2018
Acquisitions
Acquisitions through business combinations
Transfer from construction in progress Depreciation
Impairment losses
Sales and disposals
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
Buildings and structures
3,650
(3,922) (332) (844)
(439) (40)
910 5,793
(4,130) (364) (281)
Machinery and vehicles
7,521
(5,730) (72) (522)
(1,382) (15)
446 9,620
(5,731) (479) (86)
Tools, Right-of-use furniture assets
and fixtures
850 –
(871) (6,490) (40) (486) (22) (189)
(42) (360) (36) (1,119)
78 296 826 –
(936) (6,713) (91) (334) (15) (64)
Land
Construction in progress
Total
–
(17,013) (1,047) (2,270)
(2,369) (2,147)
2,889 –
(17,511) (1,337) (511)
        54,326
29,920
2,742
25,340
34,849
4,158
151,334
        948
1,338
204
8,557
–
15,142
26,189
       26 (12,047) – – (117) – (693) –
(99) (47) (210) (728)
1,159 –
– (16,240)
– – (70) – (64) (1)
                                           53,348
31,058
2,785
25,254
33,755
6,477
152,676
        542
320
188
6,149
–
14,684
21,883
                                          19 237 5 74 275 19 630
       Change in scope of consolidation (2,607) Other changes (184) As of December 31, 2019
As of December 31, 2018 Acquisitions
(4,447)
4,067 87,814
(52,316) (4,375) (782)
2,164
(40,591)
(158)
710 7,544
(8,545) (827) (140)
49
(1,445)
(468) (779)
2,706 –
(61,279) (3,047) (585)
679
(4,269) (7,114)
(1,325) (97) (9,102) (1,710) (2,604)
       54
16
–
        53,046
30,992
2,699
23,416
33,730
3,131
147,014
                486,974
283,505
25,422
230,525
308,124
59,124
1,393,665
        Acquisitions through business combinations
10,581
–
–
(638) (583)
2,511
(12,095)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
– 26,375 (148,242) –
– (159,843)
– (12,208) (5) (4,663)
170 5,750
(885) (83,082) (15,614) (23,774)
4,943
2,921
1,720
56,133
–
134,035
199,752
       8,310 Transfer from construction in progress 52,884
              Depreciation (37,703) Impairment losses (3,320) Sales and disposals (2,568) Exchange differences on translation of
foreign operations
Change in scope of consolidation (23,797) Other changes (1,684) As of December 31, 2019
                     177
              490
148
–
        484,213
282,902
24,635
213,744
307,900
28,583
1,341,977
        -27-

 Cost
As of January 1, 2018
As of December 31, 2018 As of December 31, 2019
Cost
As of December 31, 2019
Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses
As of January 1, 2018
As of December 31, 2018 As of December 31, 2019
Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses
As of December 31, 2019
Buildings and structures
180,226 179,992 183,064
Buildings and structures
1,671,058
Buildings and structures
125,900 126,644 130,019
Buildings and structures
1,186,846
Machinery and vehicles
Tools, furniture and fixtures
Right-of-use
assets Land
37,618 35,825 40,661 34,731 40,382 34,749
Construction in progress
4,158 6,477 3,131
Total
501,703 507,773 503,109
(Millions of yen)
         228,444 15,431 230,617 15,294 226,007 15,774
                          Machinery Tools, Right-of-use
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
Construction
in progress Total
28,583 4,592,501
(Millions of yen)
and vehicles
2,063,051
Machinery and vehicles
furniture and fixtures
143,987
Tools, furniture and fixtures
assets
368,620
Right-of-use assets
Land
317,202
Land
Construction in progress
– – –
Total
350,369 355,097 356,095
                  198,525 12,690 199,559 12,510 195,015 13,075
12,278 976 15,407 976 16,967 1,019
           Machinery Tools, Right-of-use
Land 9,302
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
Construction
in progress Total
– 3,250,524
and vehicles 1,780,149
furniture assets and fixtures
119,352 154,876
          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is mainly included in “cost of sales,” “selling, general and administrative expenses” and “loss from discontinued operations” on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
 (2) Right-of-use assets
A breakdown of right-of-use assets is presented below.
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 144,878
19,504 40,695
8,666 213,744
 As of
Right-of-use assets for which buildings and structures are the underlying asset Right-of-use assets for which machinery and vehicles are the underlying asset Right-of-use assets for which tools, furniture and fixtures are the
underlying asset
Right-of-use assets for which land is the underlying asset
Total right-of-use assets
(3) Borrowing costs
December 31, 2018 16,266 2,971
4,833
1,183 25,254
December 31, 2019 15,871 2,137
4,458
949 23,416
          The amount of borrowing costs capitalized as part of the cost of a qualifying asset in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018, and December 31, 2019, was 12 million yen and 12 million yen (110 thousand U.S. dollars), respectively. The capitalization rate applied in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018, and December 31, 2019, was 0.6% and 0.6%, respectively.
-28-

14. Goodwill and Intangible Assets
(1) Changes in goodwill and intangible assets
Changes in carrying amount, cost and accumulated amortization and impairment losses of goodwill and intangible assets are presented below.
 Carrying amount
Intangible assets
Customer Software relationships
3,868 3,223
2,116 – (1,609) (281) (3,461) (3) –
– (14) – (253) (11) (62) – 2 –
21,229 4,348 2,880
(Millions of yen) Total
38,281 2,245 (2,265)
(4,383) (14) (468) (112)
33,285 2,514 1,211
(2,375) (3) (29) (120) (7,293)
13 27,202
Goodwill
    As of January 1, 2018
Acquisitions – Amortization –
Other 6,248
130 (375) (919)
(0) (142) (113)
4,828 78 194
(311) –
(0) (46) (875)
14 3,881
24,942
   Impairment losses
Sales and disposals
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
Other changes
As of December 31, 2018
      Acquisitions –
Acquisitions through business combinations
2,436 – 14 – (1,801) (263) (3) – (29) –
1 (49) (3) (2,568) (0) –
4,963 –
Intangible assets
Customer Software relationships
39,690 26,289 22,240 – 125 –
(16,439) (2,403)
1,003 Amortization –
Impairment losses
Sales and disposals
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
Change in scope of consolidation Other changes
As of December 31, 2019
Carrying amount
–
– (27) (3,847)
– 18,358
Goodwill
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) Total
               As of December 31, 2018 193,784 Acquisitions –
Other 44,071
711 1,774 (2,840)
303,834 22,951 11,054
   Acquisitions through business combinations
9,155
Amortization –
Impairment losses –
Sales and disposals –
(31) (263) 11 (26) (4)
45,303
(21,682) – – (31)
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
– (4) (446) (419) (23,443) (7,990)
– 124 – 35,424
(267) (1,096) (66,572)
120 248,307
(242) Change in scope of consolidation (35,114) Other changes –
   As of December 31, 2019 167,580
       -29-

 Cost
As of January 1, 2018
As of December 31, 2018 As of December 31, 2019
Cost As of December 31, 2019
Accumulated amortization and impairment losses
As of January 1, 2018
As of December 31, 2018 As of December 31, 2019
Accumulated amortization and impairment losses
As of December 31, 2019
Goodwill
24,942 24,690 21,819
Goodwill 199,172
Goodwill
– 3,461 3,461
Goodwill 31,593
Software 23,593 24,001 25,569
Software 233,402
Software 19,725 19,653 20,606
Software 188,099
Intangible assets
Customer relationships
4,047 3,971 –
Intangible assets
Customer relationships
–
Intangible assets
Customer relationships
824 1,090 –
Intangible assets
Customer relationships
–
Other 13,137
12,283 11,558
(Millions of yen) Total
65,719 64,944 58,330
                 (Thousands of U.S. dollars) Total
  Other 105,508
Other 6,889
7,455 7,678
532,448
(Millions of yen)
Total
27,438 31,660 28,284
                            (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
Total
Other
70,083 258,182
           Internally generated intangible assets are mainly software. Their cost at December 31, 2018, and December 31, 2019, was
12,358 million yen and 12,459 million yen (113,732 thousand U.S. dollars), respectively and their accumulated amortization and impairment losses at December 31, 2018, and December 31, 2019, totaled 11,621 million yen and 11,929 million yen (108,889 thousand U.S. dollars), respectively.
Amortization is included in “cost of sales,” “selling, general and administrative expenses” and “loss from discontinued operations” on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss.
Of the above intangible assets, there were no intangible assets with indefinite useful lives at December 31, 2019. The 785 million yen carried at December 31, 2018 as intangible assets with indefinite useful lives for trademarks acquired as a result of purchasing a North American soft drink company was not carried at December 31, 2019 due to the sale of said company. The Group deems the trademarks to be intangible assets with indefinite useful lives because they are basically perpetual as long as said business continues to exist.
(2) Significant intangible assets
Significant intangible assets carried on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position are mainly trademarks recognized in conjunction with the 2017 acquisition of Anchor Brewing Company, LLC, and customer relationships recognized in conjunction with the 2015 acquisition of a North American soft drink company.
The carrying amount of the trademarks recognized in conjunction with Anchor Brewing Company’s acquisition was 2,736 million yen (24,979 thousand U.S. dollars) (December 31, 2018: 2,864 million yen). The trademarks are being amortized using the straight-line method; their remaining amortization period is 30 years. The 2,880 million yen of the customer relationships carried at December 31, 2018 as a result of the acquisition of the North American soft drink company was not carried at December 31, 2019 due to the sale of said company.
-30-

 (3) Major intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and impairment test of such assets
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
When tested for impairment, the North American soft drink company’s trademarks recognized upon the Company’s acquisition had a carrying amount of 776 million yen (January 1, 2017 (at the beginning of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017): 816 million yen, December 31, 2017: 791 million yen).
Their recoverable amount was measured based on value in use for each cash-generating unit. Value in use was measured by discounting future cash flows at a 10.0% (December 31, 2017: 9.5%) discount rate. Said discount rate was determined in reference to the weighted-average cost of capital.
Future cash flows are based on a growth rate of 3.0% (December 31, 2017: 3.0%) and management-approved business plans prepared to reflect past experience and external information with planning horizons generally no longer than five years. Said growth rate was determined in light of conditions in the market(s) to which the cash-generating units are dedicated.
If the key assumptions used to test for impairment were to change, the change would pose a risk of impairment loss, but the Group concluded that value in use exceeds the tested cash-generating units’ carrying amount and is unlikely to fall below their carrying amount even if said key assumptions change within a reasonably foreseeable range.
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 Not applicable.
15. Investment Property
(1) Changes in investment property
Changes in carrying amount, cost and accumulated depreciation and impairment losses of investment property are presented below.
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
1,967,342 140,335 – (61,876) (41,337) 2,004,464
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
3,345,322 3,418,150
 Carrying amount
Balance at beginning of period
Acquisitions
Acquisitions through business combination (Note)
Sales and disposals Depreciation
Balance at end of period
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
219,658 4,178 2,520
(6,204)
(4,629) 215,522
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
215,522 15,374 –
(6,778)
(4,528) 219,589
          (Note) “Acquisitions through business combination” refers to a November 30, 2018, acquisition of all trust beneficiary rights in investment and rental property in Shibuya-ku, Tokyo, the objective of which was to further increase revenue through property value appreciation, community development and property portfolio restructuring in the Ebisu District of Shibuya-ku. The transaction was accounted for as a business acquisition. The assets acquired in the transaction consist solely of investment property. No liabilities were assumed. The assets’ acquisition-date fair value was 2,520 million yen. The consideration paid was 2,520 million yen in cash. Acquisition-related costs, and information on revenue and profit or loss of the acquiree from the acquisition date onward and revenue and profit or loss if the transaction had hypothetically occurred on January 1, 2018 (unaudited information), are omitted because the transaction’s effects on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss were insignificant.
   (Millions of yen)
 Cost
Balance at beginning of period Balance at end of period
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
367,154 366,480
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
366,480 374,458
       -31-

 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
1,377,980 1,413,685
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 3,670,573
 Accumulated depreciation and impairment losse
Balance at beginning of period Balance at end of period
(2) Fair value
Investment property’s fair value is presented below.
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
147,497 150,958
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
150,958 154,869
         (Millions of yen)
As of December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019 Investment property 385,992 402,111
       Fair value is measured mainly based on discounted cash flow valuations provided by external real estate appraisers or similar properties’ market prices.
Investment property’s fair values in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018, and December 31, 2019, are recognized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
The fair value hierarchy is disclosed under “36. Financial Instruments, (8) Financial instruments’ fair value.”
(3) Income from and expenses arising from investment property
Rental income from investment property and direct operating expenses incurred in the generation thereof are presented below.
 For the fiscal year ended Rental income
Direct operating expenses
December 31, 2018 23,174 12,957
December 31, 2019 23,501 13,098
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 214,519
119,566
       The direct operating expenses do not include expenses arising from investment property that did not generate rental income.
16. Impairment Losses
(1) Breakdown of recognized impairment losses by main asset class and segment
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
Segment Cash-generating unit Impairment losses (Millions of yen)
Alcoholic Beverages Alcoholic Beverages (North America) 4,377
Class of assets Goodwill and other
      The carrying amount of the goodwill and a portion of the intangible assets recognized upon acquisition of equity in Anchor Brewing Company, LLC, was reduced to their recoverable amount because attainment of initial income projections is no longer probable as a result of weak overall demand on the U.S. West Coast, a key geographic market. The impairment losses consisted of a 3,461 million yen impairment loss on goodwill and a 916 million yen impairment loss on intangible assets.
The recoverable amount was measured at 6,544 million yen based on fair value less costs of disposal.
Fair value was measured by discounting future cash flows at 8.0%. It is in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 No significant impairment losses were incurred.
-32-

 (2) Goodwill impairment test
Carrying amounts of goodwill allocated to cash-generating units (groups of cash-generating units) are presented below.
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
As of December 31, 2019
68,407 – 93,183 5,991 167,580
 Cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating units)
Alcoholic Beverages (North America) Soft Drinks (North America)
Food & Soft Drinks (Japan & Asia) Restaurants
Total
Goodwill was tested for impairment mainly as follows.
Alcoholic Beverages (North America)
Recoverable amounts were measured based on value in use.
As of December 31, 2018
As of December 31, 2019
7,494 – 10,208 656 18,358
 6,728
3,913 10,208 380 21,229
        Value in use was measured by discounting future cash flows at 9.0% (December 31, 2018: 9.0%). Said discount rate was determined in reference to the cash-generating unit’s weighted average cost of capital.
Future cash flows are based on a growth rate of 2.5% (December 31, 2018: 2.5%) and management-approved business plans prepared to reflect past experience and external information with planning horizons generally no longer than five years. Said growth rate was determined in light of conditions in the market(s) to which the cash-generating unit is dedicated.
If the key assumptions used to test for impairment were to change, the change would pose a risk of impairment loss, but the Group concluded that value in use exceeds the cash-generating unit’s carrying amount and is unlikely to fall below its carrying amount even if said key assumptions change within a reasonably foreseeable range.
Soft Drinks (North America)
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
Recoverable amounts were measured based on value in use.
Value in use was measured by discounting future cash flows at 10.0%. Said discount rate was determined in reference to the cash-generating unit’s weighted average cost of capital.
Future cash flows are based on a growth rate of 3.0% and management-approved business plans prepared to reflect past experience and external information with planning horizons generally no longer than five years. Said growth rate was determined in light of conditions in the market(s) to which the cash-generating units are dedicated.
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 Not applicable.
Food & Soft Drinks (Japan & Asia)
Recoverable amounts were measured based on value in use.
Value in use was measured by discounting future cash flows at 5.2% (December 31, 2018: 5.8%). Said discount rate was determined in reference to the cash-generating unit’s weighted average cost of capital.
Future cash flows are based on management-approved business plans prepared to reflect past experience and external information with planning horizons generally no longer than five years. The growth rate used for impairment testing is set at 0% (December 31, 2018: 0%).
In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, the recoverable amount exceeded the carrying amount by 1,739 million yen (15,876 thousand U.S. dollars). If the discount rate hypothetically increases by 0.2 percentage points, an impairment loss may be incurred.
-33-

17. Investments Accounted for Using Equity Method
Carrying amounts of investments in associates accounted for using the equity method are presented below.
 (Millions of yen)
As of December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 3,908
the equity method is
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 161
161
down by main source of the (Millions of yen)
  Carrying amount of investments in associates
410 428
    The Group’s share of profit and other comprehensive income of associates accounted for using presented below.
 (Millions of yen)
 For the fiscal year ended
Group’s share of profit of associates accounted for using equity method
Total
18. Income Taxes
(1) Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
December 31, 2018 19 19
December 31, 2019 18 18
      Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, and changes therein are presented below broken deferred tax assets/liabilities.
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
 January 1, 2018 Recognized in profit or loss
Recognized in other comprehensive income
– 1,646 – – – – – – 1,646
– (4,082)
– 26
(4,056) 5,702
Other (Note)
     28
      –
    120
      –
    148
      –
      –
    166
    462
(278) (19)
– (354) (651)
1,113
December 31, 2018
4,610 5,362 2,283 1,110
998
513 2,981 2,001 19,860
18,037 10,873 5,234 1,141 35,286
(15,426)
 Deferred tax assets
Fixed assets
Accrued expenses
Gift coupon gains or losses Tax loss carryforwards Provision for bonuses Marketable securities Other
Total Deferred tax liabilities
   5,156 3,071 2,283 1,244
933 792 20 1,903 15,402
18,385 14,974 6,652 Other 937 Total 40,948
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) (25,546)
(574) 645 (120) (134)
(83) (279)
2,961 (68)
2,348
(70) –
(1,418) 532
(956)
3,304
  Retirement benefit liability
                         Fixed assets
   Valuation differences
 Reserve for advanced depreciation of fixed assets
                (Note) “Other” mainly includes changes related to discontinued operations, deferred tax assets/liabilities recognized in
-34-

 conjunction with acquisition of subsidiaries through business combinations and exchange differences on translation of foreign operations.
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
      Deferred tax assets
Fixed assets
Accrued expenses
Gift coupon gains or losses Tax loss carryforwards Provision for bonuses Marketable securities Other
4,610 5,362 2,283 1,110
998
–– 22
January 1, 2019 Recognized in profit or loss
Recognized in other comprehensive income
143
731 (2,028)
44 – (103) – 138 – 15 – 471 – (1,041) –
399 (2,028)
334 – – 2,951 (1,771) – (286) 13 (1,724) 2,963
2,122 (4,991)
Other (Note)
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2019
4,753 4,087 2,110 1,007
747
534 3,452 1,004 17,693
17,269 13,841 3,463 695 35,268
(17,575)
          Retirement benefit liability
                                  513 2,981 2,001 Total 19,860
(218) –
(390) 6
– 44
(536)
(1,102) 18
–
(172) (1,257)
721
                         Deferred tax liabilities Fixed assets
   18,037 10,873 5,234 Other 1,141 Total 35,286
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) (15,426)
   Valuation differences
 Reserve for advanced depreciation of fixed assets
                    -35-

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
January 1, 2019 Recognized in profit or loss
Other (Note)
December 31, 2019
43,388 37,310 19,259
9,194 6,816 4,873
31,509 9,162 161,510
157,635 126,347 31,608 6,346 321,935
(160,425)
Recognized in other comprehensive income
1,305
6,679 (18,509)
402 – (941) – 1,262 – 130 – 4,297 – (9,508) – 3,627 (18,509)
3,044 – – 26,933 (16,169) – (2,616) 117 (15,740) 27,050
19,367 (45,558)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
       Deferred tax assets
Fixed assets
Accrued expenses
Gift coupon gains or losses Tax loss carryforwards Provision for bonuses Marketable securities Other
42,083 48,941 20,843 10,135
9,111
4,687 27,212 18,271
–– 198
         Retirement benefit liability
                                                     Total 181,283 Deferred tax liabilities
(1,987) –
(3,557) 55
– 399
(4,891)
(10,061) 161 –
(1,572) (11,472)
6,581
         Fixed assets
Valuation differences
Reserve for advanced depreciation of fixed assets
164,651 99,253 47,776
            Other 10,417 Total 322,098
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) (140,815)
            (Note) “Other” mainly includes changes related to discontinued operations, deferred tax assets/liabilities recognized in conjunction with acquisition of subsidiaries through business combinations and exchange differences on translation of foreign operations.
(2) Deductible temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards for which no deferred tax asset has been recognized
In recognizing deferred tax assets, the Group takes into account the probability that deductible temporary differences or tax loss carryforwards can be fully or partially utilized against future taxable profits. In assessing deferred tax assets’ recoverability, the Group takes into account scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable profits and tax planning. The Group deems recognized deferred tax assets to have a high probability of being recovered based on past taxable profit levels and projections of future taxable profits over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible.
Deductible temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards for which no deferred tax asset has been recognized are presented below.
 As of
Deductible temporary differences Tax loss carryforwards
December 31, 2018 12,567 3,810
December 31, 2019 12,092 4,804
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 110,376
43,848
       -36-

The following table summarizes the amounts of tax loss carryforwards for which no deferred tax asset has been recognized and their expiry dates.
 As of
1st year
2nd year
3rd year
4th year
After 5th year
Total 3,810
December 31, 2019 507 431 385 808 2,673 4,804
December 31, 2018 187 497 493 724 1,909
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 4,628
3,935 3,514 7,372
24,399 43,848
            (3) Taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognized
 With the exception of temporary differences arising from undistributed profits scheduled to be distributed as dividends as of the end of the reporting period, the Company does not recognize deferred tax liabilities related to taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries when the Group is able to control the timing of the temporary differences’ reversal and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries not recognized as deferred tax liabilities at December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, was 54,080 million yen and 49,532 million yen (452,143 thousand U.S. dollars), respectively.
 (4) Income tax expense
A breakdown of income tax expense is presented below.
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 58,252
(19,374) 38,879
 For the fiscal year ended Current income tax expense Deferred income tax expense
Total
December 31, 2018 5,326
(3,304) 2,023
December 31, 2019 6,382
(2,122) 4,259
        -37-

(5) Reconciliation between effective statutory tax rate and actual tax rate
The taxes to which the Group is subject are mainly corporation tax, inhabitants tax, and enterprise tax. Based on said taxes, its effective statutory tax rate in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018, and December 31, 2019, was 30.9% and 30.6%, respectively. Overseas subsidiaries are subject to the corporate tax and other taxes in the tax jurisdictions in which they are respectively located.
Major causes of differences between the Group’s effective statutory tax rate and actual tax rate are presented below.
   For the fiscal year ended Effective statutory tax rate
Unrecognized deferred tax assets
Tax credits
Effect of changes in tax rates
Impairment of goodwill
Overseas consolidated subsidiaries’ tax rate differences Income taxes for prior periods
Other Actual tax rate
19. Bonds and Borrowings
(1) Breakdown of bonds and borrowings
A breakdown of bonds and borrowings is presented below.
December 31, 2018
30.9%
5.9% (28.3)% (3.7)%
0.3% 10.2% 2.9%
(0.6)% 1.5% 19.0%
December 31, 2019
30.6%
5.9% 14.0%
(5.4)% (0.1)%
–% 0.5%
(3.2)% (5.5)%
36.8%
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 182,548
545,956 116,606 200,822 158,363 870,933
2,075,226
658,338 1,416,888 2,075,226
     Effect of nontaxable income and nondeductible expenses in determining taxable profit
            (Millions of yen)
 As of
Current portion of bonds payable
Bonds payable
Short-term borrowings
Commercial papers
Current portion of long-term borrowings Long-term borrowings
Total
Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Total
December 31, 2018 10,006 59,826 14,936 28,500 20,422 94,657 228,346
73,863 154,483 228,346
December 31, 2019 19,998 59,809 12,774 22,000 17,349 95,411 227,341
72,121 155,220 227,341
               Bonds and borrowings are classified as financial liabilities measured
Short-term borrowings and long-term borrowings’ average interest rates at December 31, 2018, were 1.16% and 0.63%, respectively.
Short-term borrowings and long-term borrowings’ average interest rates at December 31, 2019, were 0.48% and 0.87%, respectively.
Long-term borrowings’ maturity dates range from 2020 to 2035.
-38-
at amortized cost.

(2) Details of bond issues
Details
Company name
of bond issues are presented below.
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
December 31, 2019
91,214 (91,214)
–
91,213 (91,213)
91,159
91,041
90,786
90,739
     Sapporo Holdings Limited (the Company)
Issue
28th Series of Unsecured Straight Corporate Bonds 29th Series of Unsecured Straight Corporate Bonds 30th Series of Unsecured Straight Corporate Bonds 31st Series of Unsecured Straight Corporate Bonds 32nd Series of Unsecured Straight Corporate Bonds 33rd Series of Unsecured Straight Corporate Bonds 34th Series of Unsecured Straight Corporate Bonds
Date of Interest issuance Maturity date rate (%)
December 5, December 4, 0.61 2013 2020
September September 0.31 12, 2014 12, 2019
September September 0.33 10, 2015 10, 2020
March 22, March 22, 0.25 2016 2021
June 1, 2017 June 1, 2022 0.15
December 31, Collateral 2018
None 9,984
None 9,992 (9,992)
None 9,981
None 9,975
None 9,963
None –
None –
December 31, 2019
9,993 (9,993)
–
9,992 (9,992)
9,986
9,974
9,946
9,940
  September 5, September 4, 2019 2026
September 5, September 5, 2019 2029
0.20
0.30
            Euro-yen Convertible Bonds with Share Acquisition Rights due 2021
April 27, 2018
April 27, 2021
–
None
19,875
19,929
181,916
          MARU- SHINKA- WAMURA INC.
(Note 2)
Subsidiary’s straight corporate bonds
October 2, 2012 to March 14, 2016
September 25, 2017 to February 28, 2029
0.47 to 0.65
None
61 (13)
47 (13)
433 (120)
  Total – – – – –
69,832 (10,006)
79,808 (19,998)
728,504 (182,548)
         (Notes) 1 Amounts in parentheses are bonds scheduled to mature within one year.
2 All outstanding bonds issued by subsidiary MARUSHINKAWAMURA INC. are aggregated together.
-39-

(3) Assets pledged as collateral
Assets pledged as collateral and secured liabilities are presented below.
 Assets pledged as collateral
As of
Land
Investment securities Other
Total Secured liabilities
As of
Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings
Total
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
18,720 73,099 8,089 99,907
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
80,785
84,429 165,214
  December 31, 2018 2,051
7,490
1,250 10,791
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2019 2,051
8,008 886 10,945
          December 31, 2018 5,430
12,749 18,179
December 31, 2019 8,850
9,249 18,099
       In addition to the above, POKKA INTERNATIONAL PTE. LTD.’s cash and deposits (27 million yen at December 31, 2018; 27 million yen (246 thousand U.S. dollars) at December 31, 2019) were pledged as collateral for a line of credit (874 million yen at December 31, 2018; 874 million yen (7,978 thousand U.S. dollars) at December 31, 2019). Short-term borrowings were outstanding under the line of credit (4 million yen at December 31, 2018; 4 million yen (37 thousand U.S. dollars) at December 31, 2019).
20. Leases
(1) Income and expense items related to right-of-use assets
Income and expense items related to right-of-use assets are presented below.
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
38,994 7,032 15,032 221 61,279 19,967 43,220 7,257 3,651
 For the fiscal year ended
Depreciation of right-of-use assets
Right-of-use assets for which buildings and structures are the underlying asset
Right-of-use assets for which machinery and vehicles are the underlying asset
Right-of-use assets for which tools, furniture and fixtures are the underlying asset
Right-of-use assets for which land is the underlying asset
Total depreciation
Expense relating to short-term leases under recognition exemptions
Expense relating to leases of low-value assets under recognition exemptions
Expense relating to variable lease payments Income from subleasing right-of-use assets
December 31, 2018
3,631 814 2,023 22 6,490 1,708 4,671 882 399
December 31, 2019
4,272 770 1,647 24 6,713 2,187 4,735 795 400
              -40-

 (2) Variable lease payments (Lessee)
 Some real estate leases within the Group include payment terms that vary as a function of the amount of sales generated by
 the restaurant or café occupying the leased premises. Such variable payment terms are used to link lease payments to cash
 flows of restaurants or cafés and minimize fixed costs.
 Fixed and variable lease payments (mainly for properties leased from external lessors) by restaurant brand are presented
below.
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
Fixed payments Sapporo Lion Limited 1,865 POKKA CREATE CO., LTD. 1,420 Total 3,285
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
Fixed payments
Sapporo Lion Limited 1,900 POKKA CREATE CO., LTD. 1,565 Total 3,465
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
Fixed payments
Variable payments
466 149 615
Variable payments
466 149 615
Variable payments
4,255 1,360 5,615
(Millions of yen)
Total payments
2,332 1,568 3,900
(Millions of yen)
Total payments
2,366 1,714 4,080
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
Total payments
21,597 15,643 37,240
                                          Sapporo Lion Limited POKKA CREATE CO., LTD.
Total
(3) Extension options and termination options (Lessee)
17,341 14,284 31,625
         Each Group subsidiary assumes responsibility for lease management. Accordingly, the lease terms and conditions are
 negotiated on a case-by-case basis, and the resultant leases contain widely differing contractual terms.
Extension options and termination options are included mainly in
Most such leases provide an option to extend the lease for one year or a period equivalent to the original lease term and an option to terminate the lease early by furnishing six months’ advance notice in writing to the other party.
real estate leases pertaining to restaurants and warehouses. These options are used by lessees as needed in utilizing real estate in their businesses.
 (4) Residual value guarantees (Lessee)
Amounts scheduled to be payable pursuant to the residual value guarantees are presented below.
 The Group leases vending machines and plant facilities. In these leases, it guarantees the residual value of the right-of-use
 assets at the end of the contractual lease term.
  (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 13,890
 As of
Amounts scheduled to be payable under residual value guarantees
(5) Sale and leaseback transactions (Lessee)
December 31, 2018 1,669
December 31, 2019 1,522
      Not applicable in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019.
-41-

 (6) Finance leases (Lessor)
Finance income on net investments in leases and income relating to variable lease payments are presented below.
  For the fiscal year ended
Finance income on net investments in leases Income relating to variable lease payments
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019
4 7 18 20
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
60 186
      (7) Maturity analysis (Lessor)
The Group mainly leases real estate.
Lease payments receivable balances and lease payments under operating leases are disaggregated below by due date.
As of December 31, 2018
Within 1 year
306 10,849
Within 1 year
299 13,235
Within 1 year
2,732 120,816
(Millions of yen)
  Lease payments receivable Lease payments
As of December 31, 2019
years 204
5,725
years 119
3,379
years 74
2,857
years 60
2,572
Over 1 year Over 2 years Over 3 years Over 4 years and within 2 and within 3 and within 4 and within 5
Over 5 years
220 7,334
Total
983 32,715
           Lease payments receivable Lease payments
As of December 31, 2019
years 209
8,317
years 124
4,408
years 85
3,667
years 69
2,783
Over 1 year Over 2 years Over 3 years Over 4 years and within 2 and within 3 and within 4 and within 5
Over 5 years
190 5,891
Total
976 38,301
(Millions of yen)
           (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
  Lease payments receivable Lease payments
years 1,910
75,917
years 1,133
40,236
years 772
33,473
years 629
25,405
Over 1 year Over 2 years Over 3 years Over 4 years and within 2 and within 3 and within 4 and within 5
Over 5 years
1,735 53,777
Total
8,911 349,625
           (8) Risk management strategy (Lessor)
 The Group collects leasehold deposits to ensure that it recovers any expenses incurred to restore leased properties to their
 status quo ante.
21. Trade and Other Payables
A breakdown of trade and other payables is presented below.
 (Millions of yen)
As of December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019 Notes and accounts payable - trade 35,292 34,475
Trade and other payables are classified as financial liabilities measured at amortized cost.
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
314,701
      -42-

22. Retirement Benefits (1) Defined benefit plans
retirees.
Defined benefit plan amounts carried on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position are presented below.
 The Company and some of its consolidated subsidiaries have set up corporate pension fund plans and lump-sum payment
 plans as defined benefit plans. Certain consolidated subsidiaries have joined the Smaller Enterprise Retirement Allowance
 Mutual Aid System. Certain consolidated subsidiaries have established retirement benefit trusts. Additionally, the Company
 and some consolidated subsidiaries have established defined contribution plans and retirement benefit prepayment plans.
 Benefit amounts under defined benefit plans are calculated based on points awarded for length of service, a payment rate
 that varies as a function of length of service and other conditions. In some cases, additional amounts are paid to early
 The defined benefit plans are mainly operated by corporate pension funds legally separate from the Group in accord with the
 Defined-Benefit Corporate Pension Act. The pension funds’ governing bodies and pension management trustees are legally
 required to act in the best interests of plan members. They have assumed responsibility for managing plan assets in
 accordance with prescribed policies.
 The Group’s retirement benefit plans are exposed to multiple risks, including investment risk associated with plan assets and
 interest rate risk associated with defined benefit plans.
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 470,976
(425,272) 45,705
– 45,705 45,705
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 15,485
310 15,794
 As of
Present value of defined benefit obligations Fair value of plan assets
Net defined benefit liability
Retirement benefit asset Retirement benefit liability
Net defined benefit liability
For the fiscal year ended
Current service cost
Interest expenses and interest income
Total
December 31, 2018 51,056 (39,340) 11,715
– 11,715 11,715
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2019 51,595 (46,589) 5,007
        – 5,007 5,007
       Amounts recognized as expenses on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss in relation to defined benefit plans are presented below.
  December 31, 2018 1,593 33 1,626
December 31, 2019 1,696 34 1,730
       -43-

Changes in the present value of defined benefit obligations are presented below. (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 466,048
15,485 2,930 11,223 (24) 8,735 2,513 (27,148) 2,439 470,976
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 359,110
9,033
62,149
18,472 (23,493) 425,272
  For the fiscal year ended
Balance at beginning of period
Current service cost
Interest expenses
December 31, 2018 51,352 1,593 334
December 31, 2019 51,056 1,696 321 1,229 (3) 957 275 (2,974) 267 51,595
    Remeasurements 506
 Actuarial gains and losses arising from changes in demographic assumptions Actuarial gains and losses arising from changes in financial assumptions
306
 103 Other 97
  Benefits paid
Other changes
Balance at end of period
Changes in the fair value of plan assets are presented below.
(2,729) – 51,056
       For the fiscal year ended Balance at beginning of period Interest income Remeasurements
Return on plan assets Company contributions Benefits paid
Balance at end of period
December 31, 2018 45,069 1,034
(6,229) 1,925 (2,459) 39,340
December 31, 2019 39,340 990
6,808
2,024 (2,574) 46,589
(Millions of yen)
            The values of the key actuarial assumption used to determine the present value of defined benefit obligations are presented below.
 As of
Discount rate (%)
December 31, 2018
0.4 to 0.7%
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2019
0.4 to 0.5%
      The effects on the defined benefit obligations of a hypothetical 0.5 percentage point increase or 0.5 percentage point decrease in the discount rate, the key actuarial assumption, are presented below. This sensitivity analysis assumes that all actuarial assumptions other than the one subject to the analysis remain constant.
  As of Discount rate
0.5 percentage point increase 0.5 percentage point decrease
December 31, 2018 (3,042) 3,315
December 31, 2019 (3,038) 3,311
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
(27,734) 30,224
       -44-

The following table presents the fair value of plan assets by major category. As of December 31, 2018
   Plan assets that have a quoted market price in an active market
988
10,128 3,511 6,617
15,586 12,717 2,869 – Other –
Plan assets that do not have a quoted market price in an active market
–
– – – – – –
9,686
2,951 12,637
(Millions of yen) Total
988 10,128 3,511 6,617 15,586 12,717 2,869 9,686 2,951 39,340
(Millions of yen) Total
1,294 14,166 4,631 9,535 17,378 13,754 3,624 10,557 3,194 46,589
    Cash and cash equivalents
Equity instruments Domestic stocks Foreign stocks
                    Debt instruments Domestic bonds Foreign bonds
               Life insurance general accounts
           Total
As of December 31, 2019
Domestic stocks
Domestic bonds
26,703
       Plan assets that have a Plan assets that do not quoted market price in an have a quoted market
active market price in an active market
1,294 – 14,166 – 4,631 – 9,535 – 17,378 – 13,754 – 3,624 – – 10,557 Other – 3,194 Total 32,838 13,751
      Cash and cash equivalents Equity instruments
               Foreign stocks Debt instruments
               Foreign bonds
Life insurance general accounts
                      -45-

As of December 31, 2019
   Plan assets that have a Plan assets that do not quoted market price in an have a quoted market
active market price in an active market
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) Total
11,808 129,307 42,273 87,034 158,634 125,549 33,085 96,369 29,153 425,272
      Cash and cash equivalents
11,808 – 129,307 – 42,273 – 87,034 – 158,634 – 125,549 – 33,085 – – 96,369 Other – 29,153 Total 299,749 125,522
     Equity instruments Domestic stocks Foreign stocks
               Debt instruments Domestic bonds Foreign bonds
                Life insurance general accounts
                The Group’s plan asset management policy aims to earn on a long-term basis overall returns required to ensure that benefits payable under defined benefit plans are paid into the future while staying within the plans’ risk tolerance.
To achieve this objective, the plans conduct pension ALM (asset-liability management) with the assistance of external entities and have formulated policy asset mixes that optimally combine asset classes from a forward-looking perspective. In the policy asset mixes, the plans set risk levels, expected rates of return and asset allocations by investable asset class and manage their assets by maintaining those allocations.
In the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020, the Group plans to contribute 1,214 million yen (11,082 thousand U.S. dollars) to the plans.
The weighted-average durations for the defined benefit obligations at December 31, 2018, and December 31, 2019, were 9.1 to 13.5 years and 8.8 to 13.4 years, respectively.
(2) Defined contribution plans and public plans
Amounts recognized as expenses in relation to defined contribution plans in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018, and December 31, 2019, were 3,963 million yen and 4,207 million yen (38,402 thousand U.S. dollars), respectively.
The above amounts include amounts recognized as expenses in relation to public plans.
  -46-

23. Other Financial Liabilities
A breakdown of other financial liabilities is presented below.
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 2,525
222,106 62,581 424,610 15,198 727,019
301,425 425,594 727,019
 As of
Derivative liabilities Accounts payable - other Deposits received Guarantee deposits received Other
Total
Current liabilities Non-current liabilities
Total
December 31, 2018 650 24,337 7,226 45,573 1,852 79,639
33,905 45,733 79,639
December 31, 2019 277 24,332 6,856 46,516 1,665 79,645
33,021 46,624 79,645
                       Derivative liabilities (except those subject to hedge accounting) are classified as financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss. Accounts payable - other, deposits received, and guarantee deposits received are classified as financial liabilities measured at amortized cost.
24. Other Liabilities
A breakdown of other liabilities is presented below.
As of
Accrued expenses
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
166,014
282,708 43,049 20,692
9,247 69,173 590,883
565,066 25,817 590,883
  December 31, 2018 18,330 32,363 4,946 2,180 973 Other 7,458 Total 66,251
Current liabilities 63,260 Non-current liabilities 2,991 Total 66,251
December 31, 2019 18,187 30,971 4,716 2,267 1,013 7,578 64,731
61,903 2,828 64,731
  Accrued alcohol tax
 Accrued consumption taxes
 Employees’ bonuses
 Employee compensated absence liabilities, etc.
                   -47-

25. Equity
The number of shares authorized and shares issued are presented below.
 For the fiscal year ended Number of shares authorized Number of shares issued
At beginning of period Changes during period At end of period
December 31, 2018 200,000
78,794 – 78,794
(Thousands of shares) December 31, 2019
200,000
78,794 – 78,794
(Thousands of shares) December 31, 2019
908 4
(13) 898
        All shares are ordinary shares with no par value. Issued shares are fully paid-up.
Additions to and reductions in treasury share holdings during the fiscal year are presented below.
 For the fiscal year ended At beginning of period Additions
Reductions
At end of period
December 31, 2018
 902 8
(2) 908
      The additions to treasury share holdings were odd-lot share purchases of 8,000 shares in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, and 4,000 shares in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. The reductions in treasury share holdings in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, consisted of odd-lot share sales of 1,000 shares and disposal of 1,000 shares in conjunction with rights exercised by the Board Benefit Trust (BBT). In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, the reductions consisted of odd-lot share sales of 0 thousand shares and disposal of 13,000 shares in conjunction with rights exercised by the BBT.
Capital surplus consists of legal capital surplus and other capital surplus. Japan’s Companies Act (the “Companies Act”) stipulates that when shares are issued, at least half of the amount paid or the amount of properties delivered in consideration for the shares must be credited to share capital and the remainder must be credited to legal capital surplus.
Additionally, retained earnings consist of legal retained earnings and other retained earnings. The Companies Act stipulates that one-tenth of any amounts paid from retained earnings or other surplus as dividends must be accumulated in legal capital surplus or legal retained earnings until legal capital surplus and legal retained earnings’ sum total equals one-quarter of share capital.
-48-

26. Dividends
Dividends paid are presented below.
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
   Resolution
Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on March 29, 2018
Class of shares Ordinary shares
Total amount of dividends (Millions of yen)
3,122
Dividends per share (Yen)
40.00
Record date
December 31, 2017
Effective date
March 30, 2018
         For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
  Resolution
 Class of shares
  Total amount of dividends (Millions of yen)
Total amount of dividends (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
  Dividends per share (Yen)
 Dividends per share (U.S. dollars)
 Record date
 Effective date
 Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on March 28, 2019
 Ordinary shares
   3,277
 29,916
   42.00
 383.39
  December 31, 2018
  March 29, 2019
  Dividends whose effective date falls in the following fiscal year are presented below. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
 Resolution
Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on March 28, 2019
Class of shares Ordinary shares
Total amount of dividends (Millions of yen)
3,277
Dividends per share (Yen)
42.00
Record date
December 31, 2018
Effective date
March 29, 2019
       For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
  Resolution
 Class of shares
  Total amount of dividends (Millions of yen)
Total amount of dividends (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
  Dividends per share (Yen)
 Dividends per share (U.S. dollars)
 Record date
 Effective date
 Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on March 27, 2020
 Ordinary shares
   3,277
 29,916
   42.00
 383.39
  December 31, 2019
  March 30, 2020
  27. Revenue
(1) Disaggregation of revenue
i) Revenue recognized from contracts with customers and other sources
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 4,267,764
222,386
4,490,151
  For the fiscal year ended
Revenue recognized from contracts with customers Revenue recognized from other sources
Total
December 31, 2018
469,765 467,534
24,143 24,362 493,908 491,896
December 31, 2019
        Revenue recognized from other sources is mostly rental income recognized pursuant to IFRS 16. Said rental income included 570 million yen and 563 million yen (5,143 thousand U.S. dollars) of income relating to variable lease payments in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018, and December 31, 2019, respectively.
-49-

ii) Revenue disaggregated by geographical area and segment For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
 Japan North America 275,616 50,057 113,532 118
Other 4,336
19,733 – 2 24,071 24,071 –
(Millions of yen) Total
330,009 133,384 24,483 6,033 493,908 469,765 24,143
(Millions of yen)
Total
324,438
136,876
24,690
5,892
491,896 467,534
24,362
 Alcoholic Beverages Business
Food & Soft Drinks Business
Real Estate Business
Other 6,032 –
  24,483 –
     Total 419,662 50,175
          Revenue recognized from contracts with customers Revenue recognized from other sources
395,519 50,175 24,143 –
       The above revenues are presented net of internal transactions between Group companies. Revenue recognized from other sources is mostly rental income recognized pursuant to IFRS 16.
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
Japan North America
Other
3,126
19,805
–
41
22,972 22,972
–
    Alcoholic Beverages Business
Food & Soft Drinks Business
Real Estate Business
Other 5,821 30
273,193 48,119 116,960 111 24,690 –
        Total 420,664 48,260
          Revenue recognized from contracts with customers Revenue recognized from other sources
396,302 48,260 24,362 –
       For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
Japan North America
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
    Alcoholic Beverages Business
Food & Soft Drinks Business
Real Estate Business
Other 53,137 274
2,493,777 439,242 1,067,636 1,010 225,373 –
Other
28,533
180,789
–
376
209,698 22,972
–
Total
2,961,553
1,249,435
225,373
53,787
4,490,148 4,267,764
222,386
        Total
Revenue recognized from contracts with customers Revenue recognized from other sources
3,839,923 440,527 3,617,541 440,527 222,386 –
                 The above revenues are presented net of internal transactions between Group companies. Revenue recognized from other sources is mostly rental income recognized pursuant to IFRS 16.
-50-

The Group comprises Alcoholic Beverages Business, Food & Soft Drinks Business, Real Estate Business and Other Business segments as the basis of its organization. The segments’ operating results are regularly reviewed by the Company’s Board of Directors to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segments and assess their performance. The Group therefore presents revenues earned by these segments as revenue. Additionally, revenue is geographically disaggregated based on customers’ locations.
Revenue generated by these segments is recognized in accordance with contracts with customers. Revenue that includes variable or other such consideration is insignificant in amount. Additionally, promised amounts of the consideration do not include a significant financing component.
Alcoholic Beverages Business
In the Alcoholic Beverages Business segment, Sapporo Breweries Limited manufactures and sells beer, low-malt beer (happoshu), domestic wine and other alcoholic beverages while Yebisu Winemart Co., Ltd., sells wine, Western liquor and other alcoholic beverages through both in-store and online channels in Japan. Overseas, SAPPORO U.S.A., INC. sells beer in the U.S., SLEEMAN BREWERIES LTD. manufactures and sells beer in Canada, and SAPPORO VIETNAM LTD. manufactures and sells beer in Vietnam. In the restaurants business, Sapporo Lion Limited operates eating and drinking establishments in various formats, most notably the Lion chain of beer halls and restaurants.
Sapporo Breweries’ customers are mainly retailers and wholesalers. Sapporo Breweries recognizes revenue when it transfers control of its products to the customer (i.e., when the products are delivered to the location designated by the customer) because that is the point in time at which legal title to and physical possession of the products, and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the products are transferred to the customer and the customer gains the right to set sales prices and determine how to sell the products. Sapporo Breweries generally receives payment within three months of products’ delivery, the point in time at which its performance obligations are satisfied.
Yebisu Winemart’s customers are mainly consumers who use its stores. For such sales, Yebisu Winemart recognizes revenue when it transfers control of merchandise to the customer (i.e., when the merchandise is provided to the customer) because that is the point in time at which legal title to and physical possession of the merchandise, and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the merchandise are transferred to the customer. Yebisu Winemart generally receives payment of consideration upon satisfaction of its performance obligations.
Overseas customers to which the Group sells beer are mainly retailers and wholesalers. Revenue from such sales is recognized when control of the products is transferred to the customer (i.e., when the products are delivered to the location designated by the customer) because that is the point in time at which legal title to and physical possession of the products, and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the products are transferred to the customer and the customer gains the right to set sales prices and determine how to sell the products. Payment is generally received within three months of products’ delivery, the point in time at which performance obligations are satisfied.
The various eating and drinking establishment customers are mainly consumers who use the eating and drinking establishments. Revenue from such sales is recognized when control of merchandise is transferred to the customer (i.e., when the merchandise is served to the customer) because that is the point in time at which legal title to and physical possession of the merchandise, and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the merchandise are transferred to the customer. Payment of the consideration is generally received upon satisfaction of performance obligations.
Food & Soft Drinks Business
In the Food & Soft Drinks Business segment, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage Ltd. manufactures and sells soft drinks, bottled water and food while POKKA CREATE CO., LTD. operates cafés. Shinsyu-ichi Miso Co., Ltd. manufactures and sells food. Overseas, POKKA CORPORATION (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD. manufactures and sells soft drinks and food in Singapore; and POKKA ACE (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. and POKKA (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. manufacture and sell soft drinks in Malaysia.
Customers to which the Group sells food and soft drinks are mainly retailers and wholesalers. Revenue from such sales is recognized when control of the products is transferred to the customer (i.e., when the products are delivered to the location designated by the customer) because that is the point in time at which legal title to and physical possession of the products, and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the products are transferred to the customer and the customer gains the right to set sales prices and determine how to sell the products. Payment is generally received within three months of products’ delivery, the point in time at which performance obligations are satisfied.
The café customers are mainly consumers who use the cafés. Revenue from such sales is recognized when control of merchandise is transferred to the customer (i.e., when the merchandise is served to the customer) because that is the point in time at which legal title to and physical possession of the merchandise, and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the merchandise are transferred to the customer. Payment of the consideration is generally received upon satisfaction of performance obligations.
Real Estate Business
In the Real Estate Business segment, Sapporo Real Estate Co., Ltd. manages and operates Yebisu Garden Place complex that includes office space, residential units, retail stores, restaurants and cultural facilities (Shibuya-ku and Meguro-ku,
-51-

Tokyo); and Sapporo Factory, a shopping and entertainment complex (Chuo-ku, Sapporo). TOKYO ENERGY SERVICE CO., LTD. supplies energy to the Yebisu Garden Place properties.
Rental income from management and operation of real estate is recognized in the period earned, in accordance with IFRS 16.
The Alcoholic Beverages Business and Food & Soft Drinks Business segments’ products are sometimes sold subject to special terms, including rebates contingent on achievement of a certain target such as a sales volume or sales revenue target (“target rebates”). In such cases, the transaction price is measured at the promised consideration in the contract with the customer less the estimated target rebate or other amount contingently payable to the customer. Target rebates and other amounts contingently payable to customers are estimated using the most likely amount method based on historical data and other relevant information. Revenue is recognized net of estimated rebates only to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur.
When the Group pays sales promotion incentives or other such consideration to customers, revenue is measured by deducting the consideration from the transaction price if the consideration is a payment for a distinct good or service from the customer and the good or service’s fair value cannot be reasonably estimated.
(2) Contract balances
Balances of receivables, contract assets and contract liabilities from contracts with customers are presented below.
   As of
Receivables from contracts with customers
January 1, 2018
(Millions of yen)
December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2019
93,340 92,529 844,628 93,340 92,529 844,628
28. Employee Benefit Expenses
A breakdown of employee benefit expenses is presented below.
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
 Notes and accounts receivable - trade 98,325 Total 98,325
(3) Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations
      The Group has no significant individual transactions with an expected contract term longer than one year. Additionally, the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations does not include any significant consideration from contracts with customers that has been excluded from the transaction price.
(4) Assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer
Of incremental costs of obtaining contracts with customers and costs incurred to fulfill contracts with customers, any amounts expected to be recovered are recognized as assets and carried on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as “other assets.” Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are costs incurred to obtain a contract with a customer that would not have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained.
 The Group has no incremental costs of obtaining contracts that are recognized as assets.
 For the fiscal year ended Wages and salaries
Social security expenses Retirement benefit expenses
Total
29. Research and Development Expenses
December 31, 2018 56,369 7,627 2,614 66,609
December 31, 2019 57,855 7,884 2,898 68,638
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 528,118
71,971
26,454 626,543
         Research and development expenses recognized as expenses in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018, and December 31, 2019, were 2,840 million yen and 2,994 million yen (27,333 thousand U.S. dollars), respectively.
-52-

30. Other Operating Income and Other Operating Expenses
A breakdown of other operating income is presented below.
 For the fiscal year ended
Gain on sale of fixed assets
Valuation gain on exchange of production equipment
Compensation income
Other 1,021
Total 3,009 A breakdown of other operating expenses is presented below.
December 31, 2019 2,055 – 348 1,124 3,528
December 31, 2018 1,279 709 –
(Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
18,760 – 3,178 10,263 32,201
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
4,146 12,253 11,384 27,783
           (Millions of yen)
  For the fiscal year ended
Loss on sale and retirement of property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets
December 31, 2018 618
5,430 532 6,580
December 31, 2019 454
1,342 1,247 3,044
      Impairment losses Other
Total
          -53-

31. Finance Income and Finance Costs
A breakdown of finance income and finance costs is presented below. (1) Finance income
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
1,280
9,540 176 206 11,202
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
11,750 5,266 – 17,016
 For the fiscal year ended Interest income
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Dividend income
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Foreign exchange gain Other
Total
(2) Finance costs
For the fiscal year ended Interest expenses
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
Lease liabilities Foreign exchange loss
Total
December 31, 2018
145
978 – 16 1,139
December 31, 2019
140
1,045 19 23 1,227
          December 31, 2018
1,362 629 126 2,117
December 31, 2019
(Millions of yen)
  1,287 577 – 1,864
      At December 31, 2018, interest rates on lease liabilities ranged from 0.45% At December 31, 2019, interest rates on lease liabilities ranged from 0.44%
to 6.24%. to 6.24%.
-54-

32. Other Comprehensive Income
Changes in items of other comprehensive income during each year are presented below.
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
85,454
(26,933)
58,521
60,450 (18,509) 41,941
3,176
4,906 – 8,083
6,569 (4,590) (117)
1,864 110,409
 For the fiscal year ended
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Amount arising during period
Tax effect
Net amount
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans Amount arising during period
Tax effect
Net amount
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
Amount arising during period Reclassification adjustments Tax effect
Net amount
Effective portion of net change in fair value of cash flow hedges
Amount arising during period Reclassification adjustments Tax effect
Net amount
Total other comprehensive income
December 31, 2018
(13,283) 4,082
(9,201)
(5,334) 1,646 (3,688)
(2,765) –
– (2,765)
244 (288) (26) (69) (15,724)
December 31, 2019
9,362 (2,951) 6,411
6,622 (2,028) 4,595
348 537 – 885
720 (503) (13)
204 12,095
                                                         -55-

33. Cash Flows
(1) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
(Millions of yen)
   Item
Short-term borrowings Commercial papers Long-term borrowings (Note) Bonds payable (Note)
Lease liabilities
Derivative liabilities (assets) held to hedge liabilities
January 1, 2018
15,356
32,000 126,573 59,971 30,828
Changes from financing cash flows
(264) (3,500) (10,524)
9,953 (7,038)
Non-cash changes
Acquisition of Currency right-of-use translation
assets gains (losses)
– (156) – – – (970) – –
8,557 (391)
– – – – –
Other
(92) (718)
 Changes in
 fair values
        – – –
14,936
28,500
115,079
69,832
31,238
                                        (811) – –
– 936
– 125
        Total (Note)
263,916 (11,373) 8,557 (1,518) 936 (809) 259,710
        Includes current portion of long-term borrowings and current portion of bonds payable. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
 Changes from financing cash flows
Non-cash changes
(Millions of yen) December
 Item
January 1, 2019
14,936
Acquisition of right-of- use assets
Currency translation gains (losses)
18 –
(181) –
86
– (159)
Change in scope of consolidation
Changes in fair values
Other
31, 2019
         Short-term borrowings Commercial papers Long-term borrowings (Note) Bonds payable (Note)
920 – (6,500) – (116) – 9,987 – (7,016) 6,149 – –
(3,100) –
296
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
         28,500 115,079 69,832 31,238 125 Total 259,710
– – – – –
(2,023) –
– 12,774 – 22,000 – 112,759
                           Lease liabilities
(11) 79,808 (295) 30,459 307 – 272 (4,520) (306) 258,072
 Derivative liabilities (assets) held to hedge liabilities
                 (2,724) 6,149 (77) (159)
         During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 Changes
Non-cash changes
  Item
Short-term borrowings Commercial papers Long-term borrowings (Note) Bonds payable (Note)
Lease liabilities
Derivative liabilities (assets) held to hedge liabilities
January 1, 2019
136,336
260,155
1,050,468
637,444
285,151
1,143
from Acquisition financing of right-of-
Currency translation
Change in scope of consolidation
(28,300) –
(18,467) –
2,706
2,798 (41,263)
December 31, 2019
Changes in fair values
8,402 – 167 – (59,334) – – – (1,058) – (1,648) – 91,162 – – – (64,040) 56,133 –
–– – (1,455) (24,866) 56,133 (700) (1,455)
Other
cash flows use assets gains (losses)
         – 116,606 – 200,822 – 1,029,295
                                                     Total 2,370,696
(102) (2,692)
– (2,794)
728,504 278,039 2,485 2,355,750
         (Note) Includes current portion of long-term borrowings and current portion of bonds payable.
-56-
December 31, 2018
 
(2) Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries
1. Proceeds from and payments for acquisition of subsidiaries
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
The Group acquired trust beneficiary rights in investment and rental property. Details are disclosed under “15. Investment Property, (1) Changes in investment property.”
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
The Group acquired shares in Wild Rose Brewery Ltd. and two other companies and consolidated them. The following table presents the major breakdown of assets acquired and liabilities assumed when consolidation of said companies began as well as the relationship between the cost of shares of the companies and payments for the acquisition.
  Acquisition of subsidiaries Assets acquired Liabilities assumed
Net assets of subsidiaries
Goodwill and other
Fair value of consideration paid
Cash and cash equivalents at the time of acquisition Payments for acquisition
Acquisition of subsidiaries Assets acquired Liabilities assumed
Net assets of subsidiaries
Goodwill and other
Fair value of consideration paid
Cash and cash equivalents at the time of acquisition Payments for acquisition
(Millions of yen)
6,654 5,428 1,226
905 2,131 497 (1,633)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
60,741 49,552 11,189
8,259 19,448 4,541 (14,908)
             -57-

 2. Proceeds from and payments for sale of subsidiaries
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 Not applicable.
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
The Group sold shares in Country Pure Foods, Inc. and 11 other companies. The following table presents the major breakdown of assets and liabilities when control of said subsidiaries was lost as well as the relationship between the consideration received and payments for sale of the subsidiaries.
 Sale of subsidiaries Assets sold Liabilities sold
Net assets of subsidiaries
Fair value of consideration received
Cash and cash equivalents at the time of sale Proceeds from sale of discontinued operations Payments for sale
Sale of subsidiaries Assets sold Liabilities sold
Net assets of subsidiaries
Fair value of consideration received
Cash and cash equivalents at the time of sale Proceeds from sale of discontinued operations Payments for sale
(Millions of yen)
22,450 11,563 10,887
2,012 705 1,798 (491)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
204,934 105,551 99,382 18,364 6,435 16,414 (4,485)
             -58-

34. Earnings per Share
Basic earnings per share, diluted earnings per share and the basis of their calculation are presented below.
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 70,668 176 70,843
(30,904) (30,904)
 For the fiscal year ended
Profit from continuing operations attributable to owners of parent
Adjustment
Profit from continuing operations used to calculate diluted earnings per share
Loss from discontinued operations attributable to owners of parent
Loss from discontinued operations used to calculate diluted earnings per share
Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during period (Thousands of shares)
Effects of dilutive potential ordinary shares (Thousands of shares)
Convertible bonds with share acquisition rights
Board Benefit Trust (BBT)
Diluted weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during period (Thousands of shares)
Basic earnings (loss) per share Continuing operations Discontinued operations
Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings (loss) per share Continuing operations Discontinued operations
Diluted earnings per share
December 31, 2018 8,922 13 8,936
(401) (401)
77,891
3,783 25
81,699
114.55 (5.15)
109.40
109.37 (4.91)
104.46
December 31, 2019 7,742 19 7,761
(3,386) (3,386)
77,893
5,048 18
82,959
99.39 (43.46) 55.92
93.55 (40.81) 52.74
(U.S. dollars)
907.25 (396.76) 510.49
854.00 (372.54) 481.45
                       (Yen)
                            (Note) The number of the Company’s own shares held by Trust & Custody Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account E) in association with the “Board Benefit Trust (BBT)” plan is included in the number of treasury shares that are deducted in the calculation of the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period for the purpose of calculating earnings per share.
The weighted average number of such treasury shares deducted in calculating earnings per share for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018, and December 31, 2019, was 148,386 shares and 140,336 shares, respectively.
-59-

35. Share-based Payment
(1) Overview of performance-based share-based remuneration plan
Effective May 31, 2016, the Company adopted a Board Benefit Trust plan (the “BBT Plan”) as a remuneration plan for corporate officers pursuant to a resolution approved at the 92nd Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on March 30, 2016.
The BBT Plan is a share-based payment plan where Company shares are acquired through a trust, using funds contributed by the Company, and remuneration is paid through the trust to eligible corporate officers of the Group in the form of Company shares and cash in an amount equivalent to the market value of Company shares at end of the recipient’s tenure as an eligible corporate officer in accordance with Corporate Officer Share-Based Payment Regulations prescribed by the Company and its subsidiaries that participate in the BBT Plan. As a general rule, eligible corporate officers of the Group receive Company shares as remuneration upon completion of their tenure as eligible corporate officers.
The BBT Plan’s trustee, Mizuho Trust & Banking Co., Ltd., acquired 754,600 shares by purchasing them from the Company’s treasury share holdings using money in an amount of 445 million yen, which had been entrusted by the Company on May 31, 2016. Future share acquisition plans have yet to be determined. Even after being deposited to the trust, the shares held in trust are still accounted for as treasury shares. Remuneration paid by the share-based payment plan is accounted for as equity-settled share-based payments.
Effective July 1, 2016, the Company implemented a five-for-one reverse split of its ordinary shares. The number of treasury shares held by the BBT trust account at December 31, 2019 was 134,920 shares.
(2) Amounts recognized on Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
(Millions of yen)
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019
Total expenses recognized due to
performance-based share-based 3 7 remuneration plan
Share-based payment expenses are included in “selling, general and administrative expenses.”
36. Financial Instruments (1) Capital management
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
67
       The Group’s basic policy is to endeavor to increase its profitability and expand its growth businesses while appropriately allocating the resources it obtains from its operations to growth investments and solidification of its financial foundations in accord with its Medium-Term Management Plan. In terms of financial strategy, the Group plans to proactively make growth investments in pursuit of corporate value accretion and to become more stable by strengthening its financial foundations.
The key performance indicator that the Group uses for capital management is the net debt/equity ratio. The Group will scrutinize its capital efficiency more rigorously, further increase financial discipline across all of its businesses, proactively migrate to an asset-light model and manage its cash flows with an emphasis on efficiency. It will allocate capital by striving to maintain a proper balance among investment, shareholder returns and improvement in its financial condition. It aims to reduce its net debt/equity ratio to below 1.0.
The Group’s net debt/equity ratio is presented below.
As of December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019
Net debt/equity ratio (Note) 1.5 1.4
(Note) Net interest-bearing debt ÷ equity attributable to owners of parent
Net interest-bearing debt = interest-bearing debt − (cash and cash equivalents + liquid investments)
(2) Matters pertaining to risk management
The Group is exposed to financial risks in the course of its business activities across a broad range of sectors in various regions and countries. To mitigate and avert these risks, the Group conducts risk management based on certain policies. With respect to derivatives, the Group’s policy is to limit its positions within the range of its actual demand for the underlying instrument or commodity and to never engage in speculative trading. Derivatives’ contract balances, fair value and other particulars are regularly reported to the corporate officer in charge of monitoring derivative exposures, in accord with internal regulations on trading authority, position limits and other such matters.
     -60-

(3) Credit risk
Trade and other receivables that arise from the Group’s business activities are exposed to customers’ credit risk. Additionally, the Group’s securities holdings are exposed to the issuers’ credit risk. Moreover, derivative trades in which the Group engages to hedge financial risks are exposed to the credit risk of the financial institutions that are counterparties to the trades.
The Group regularly monitors the status of its debtors with significant trade receivable or long-term loan receivable balances in accordance with its Receivable Management Regulations. In addition to managing due dates and balances on a debtor-by- debtor basis, the Group is committed to early detection and mitigation of collection concerns due to deterioration in debtors’ financial condition. The Group’s bond holdings consist mainly of bonds issued by customers. The Group regularly checks the state of the issuers’ operations. When using derivatives, the Group trades only with highly creditworthy counterparties, mostly financial institutions, to minimize credit risk associated with contractual nonperformance by a counterparty. The Group does not have any excessive credit risk concentrations with special controls.
At the end of each fiscal year, the Group uses allowances for doubtful accounts to recognize impairment losses. For individually significant financial assets, it recognizes the impairment losses at unrecoverable amount. For individually insignificant financial assets, it recognizes the impairment losses at an amount based on historical credit losses experience and other relevant information. Allowances for doubtful accounts associated with said financial assets are included in “trade receivables” and “other financial assets” on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
Changes in allowances for doubtful accounts measured at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses are presented below.
For loans receivable, 12-month expected credit losses and lifetime expected credit losses do not differ significantly from each other.
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
12,598
1,602 (1,563) (1,525)
(45) 11,066
   For the fiscal year ended
Balance at beginning of period Increase during period
Decrease during period (utilization) Decrease during period (reversal) Other changes
Balance at end of period
December 31, 2018 1,319
154 (106) (83)
97 1,380
December 31, 2019 1,380
175 (171) (167)
(5) 1,212
                      The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk on financial assets is their post-impairment carrying amount presented on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
(4) Liquidity risk
Trade payables, borrowings and other liabilities are exposed to liquidity risk, the risk of inability to pay the liabilities when due as a result of changes in the financial environment or other such events.
The Group has adopted a cash management system in the aim of reducing consolidated interest-bearing debt and ensuring on-hand availability of sufficient liquidity through unified management of both its own funds and major consolidated subsidiaries’ funds. Finance staff manage liquidity risk by preparing funding and cash deployment plans, continually monitoring budgeted and actual cash flows and arranging overdraft facilities and other similar facilities on an ongoing basis.
 -61-

Financial liability (including derivative financial As of December 31, 2018
instruments) balances are presented below by maturity or due date. (Millions of yen)
    Carrying amount
 Contractual cash flows
 Within 1 year
 Over 1 year and within 2 years
 Over 2 years and within 3 years
 Over 3 years and within 4 years
 Over 4 years and within 5 years
 Over 5 years
 Non-derivative financial liabilities
Trade and other payables Short-term borrowings Commercial papers Long-term borrowings Bonds payable
Lease liabilities Accounts payable - other Other (Note)
Derivative liabilities
35,292 14,936 28,500
115,079 69,832 31,238 24,337 54,956
35,292 14,936 28,500
115,236 70,061 31,238 24,337 54,956
8
35,292 14,936 28,500 20,424 10,013
6,743 23,998 9,890
8 172 18 –
are classified in the “over 5 years” column because, as a general rule, they are not scheduled to be refunded as long as the business
transactions that they secure are ongoing.
Currencyforwards 8
– – – – – – – – –
20,205 19,539 14,540 20,013 30,008 10,003 4,660 3,500 3,239 167 103 57 – – –
– – –
– – – 24 104 58 142 – –
– – – – – –
21,523 19,006 23 – 1,714 11,382 12 – – 45,066
– –
– –
– –
– –
Commodity futures 172 172
Interest rate swaps 204 204
Cross-currency interest rate
142 142
swaps
(Note) “Other” mainly consists of deposits received and guarantee deposits received. Guarantee deposits received
         -62-

As of December 31, 2019
  Non-derivative financial liabilities
Trade and other payables Short-term borrowings Commercial papers Long-term borrowings Bonds payable
Lease liabilities Accounts payable - other Other (Note)
Carrying amount
34,475 12,774 22,000
112,759 79,808 30,459 24,332 55,038
Contractual cash flows
34,475 12,774 22,000
112,947 80,047 30,459 24,332 55,038
–
– 112 163
Contractual cash flows
314,701 116,606 200,822
1,031,008 730,693 278,039 222,106 502,404
–
– 1,024 1,486
Within 1 year
34,475 12,774 22,000 17,186 20,013
6,538 24,072 8,781
– – 5
163
Within 1 year
314,701 116,606 200,822 156,882 182,686
59,682 219,739 80,158
–
– 43 1,486
years and within 5 years
– – –
17,375 – 1,821 11 –
– – – –
Over 5 years
– – –
21,001 20,000 11,103
1 46,257
– – – –
Derivative liabilities
Currencyforwards – Commodityfutures –
Interest rate swaps
Cross-currency interest rate swaps
As of December 31, 2019
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Trade and other payables Short-term borrowings Commercial papers Long-term borrowings Bonds payable
Lease liabilities Accounts payable - other Other (Note)
Derivative liabilities
112 163
Carrying amount
314,701 116,606 200,822
1,029,295 728,504 278,039 222,106 502,404
(Thousands Over 4
of U.S. dollars)
Over 1 year and within 2 years
– – –
19,322 30,008 4,754 131 –
–
– 66 –
Over 1 year and within 2 years
– – –
176,373 273,922 43,391 1,191 –
–
– 599 –
Over 2 Over 3 years and years and within 3 within 4 years years
– – – – – –
16,540 21,523 10,003 23 3,909 2,334 80 36 – –
– –
– – 42 – – –
(Millions of yen) Over 4
           Currencyforwards –
Commodityfutures –
Interest rate swaps 1,024
Over 2 Over 3 years and years and within 3 within 4 years years
– – – – – –
150,985 196,464 91,312 208 35,679 21,308
734 331 – –
– –
– – 382 – – –
years and within 5 years
– – –
158,605 – 16,625 97 –
–
–
–
–
Over 5 years
– – –
191,699 182,565 101,354
13 422,246
– – – –
Cross-currency interest rate
1,486
swaps
(Note) “Other” mainly consists of deposits received and guarantee deposits received. Guarantee deposits received
         are classified in the “over 5 years” column because, as a general rule, they are not scheduled to be refunded as long as the business
transactions that they secure are ongoing.
-63-

(5) Currency risk
Foreign currency receivables and payables arising from the Group’s global business operations are exposed to currency risk.
The Group hedges foreign currency trade receivables and payables, borrowings and loans receivable as necessary, using instruments such as currency forwards and currency swaps.
Exchange rate sensitivity analysis
If the yen had hypothetically been worth 1% more against the U.S. dollar than it actually was at fiscal year-end, the resultant effects on the Group’s foreign currency financial instrument holdings’ carrying amounts at fiscal year-end would have affected profit before tax on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss as shown below.
In this analysis, the effect on profit before tax was calculated by multiplying each currency risk exposure by 1% while assuming that exchange rate movements have no effect on other variables (e.g., other currencies’ exchange rates, interest rates).
 (Millions of yen)
As of December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019
U.S. dollar (1% yen appreciation) 0 0
(6) Interest rate risk
The Group’s interest rate risk arises from its interest-bearing debt net of cash equivalents and the like.
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
1
          Loans borrowed and bonds issued by the Group are intended to raise required working capital and funding for capital investments. A portion of the Group’s borrowings and bonds payable are floating-rate instruments and therefore exposed to interest rate risk.
The Group hedges interest rate risk using derivatives (interest rate swaps).
Interest rate sensitivity analysis
If interest rates had hypothetically been 100 basis points higher than they actually were at fiscal year-end, the resultant effects on the Group’s financial instrument holdings’ carrying amounts at fiscal year-end would have affected profit before tax on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss as shown below.
This analysis applies the hypothetical increase only to financial instruments affected by interest rate movements and assumes that other factors (e.g., effects of exchange rate movements) remain constant.
 (Millions of yen)
As of December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019
Profit before tax (62) (82)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
(753)
      (7) Market risk
The Group’s holdings of marketable securities and certain other financial instruments are exposed to market risk.
The Group regularly checks marketable securities and certain other financial instruments’ fair value and assesses the financial condition of and other relevant matters concerning issuers (customers/counterparties) and reviews the status of its holdings of marketable securities and other financial instruments on an ongoing basis in light of its relationships with customers and other counterparties.
(8) Financial instruments’ fair value
Financial instruments are classified into the following three-level fair value hierarchy.
Level 1: Fair value measured based on unadjusted, publicly quoted prices in an active market for the identical asset or liability
Level 2: Fair value measured using observable prices other than Level 1 quoted prices, either directly or indirectly
Level 3: Fair value measured with valuation techniques that include inputs not based on significant observable market data
 -64-

 At the end of each period, the Group assesses whether any significant transfers of financial instruments between levels have occurred. No significant financial instruments were transferred between levels in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, or the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019.
 i) Financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis
Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value are presented below. As of December 31, 2018
   Level 1 Level 2
– 217 45,006 – 45,006 217
– 650 – 650
Level 1 Level 2
– 12 53,571 – 53,571 12
– 277 – 277
Level 1 Level 2
– 112 489,011 – 489,011 112
– 2,525 – 2,525
Level 3
(Millions of yen) Total
   Financial assets Derivative assets Stocks
Total Financial liabilities
Derivative liabilities Total
As of December 31, 2019
Financial assets Derivative assets Stocks
Total Financial liabilities
Derivative liabilities Total
As of December 31, 2019
Financial assets Derivative assets Stocks
Total Financial liabilities
Derivative liabilities Total
Stocks
– 217 14,477 59,483 14,477 59,701
                 Level 3
– 650 – 650
(Millions of yen) Total
   – 12 15,693 69,264 15,693 69,265
      – 277 – 277
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) Total
           Level 3
– 143,246 143,246
– –
112 632,258 632,271
2,525 2,525
                 Stocks are included in “other financial assets” on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
-65-

Fair values of marketable stocks classified in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy are based on unadjusted, publicly quoted prices in an active market for the identical asset or liability.
For unlisted stocks and other equity interests for which publicly quoted prices in an active market are not available and that are classified in Level 3, fair value is measured using the comparable company analysis or other appropriate valuation technique based on inputs such as comparisons with reasonably available comparable companies’ price-to-earnings and price-to-book value ratios.
Fair value is assumed to change as a function of comparisons with comparable companies’ price-to-earnings ratios and/or other valuation metrics. If unobservable inputs were changed to reflect reasonably possible alternative assumptions, fair values would not change significantly.
For financial instruments classified in Level 3, fair value is measured using a valuation method selected for the financial instrument in question by the appraiser, in accordance with valuation policies and procedures (including valuation techniques used to measure fair value) approved by qualified authorized personnel. Fair value measurement results are reviewed and approved by qualified authorized personnel.
Derivative assets and derivative liabilities
Derivative assets and derivative liabilities are respectively included in “other financial assets” and “other financial liabilities” on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position and classified as financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss. They include currency forwards, currency swaps and interest rate swaps. Their fair value is measured mainly based on models that use observable inputs such as foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates.
   Changes in financial instruments classified in Level 3 are presented below. (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
132,151 12,372 11,675
(5,106)
(7,846)
143,246
  For the fiscal year ended Balance at beginning of period
Other comprehensive income (Note) Purchase
Sale
Other changes
Balance at end of period
December 31, 2018 17,389
(3,283) 500
(94)
(35)
14,477
December 31, 2019 14,477
1,355 1,279 (559)
(859)
15,693
          (Note) Included in “financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income” on the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.
ii) Financial instruments measured at amortized cost
Carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortized cost are presented below. As of December 31, 2018
 Carrying amount
Assets
Long-term loans receivable 495 Bonds 5,000
Total 5,495
Liabilities
Long-term borrowings 115,079 Bonds payable 69,832
Total 184,911
Fair value
(Millions of yen) Total
497 5,201 5,698
115,662 70,158 185,820
  Level 1
Level 2
– 497 – 5,201 – 5,698
– 115,662 – 70,158 – 185,820
Level 3
   – – –
– – –
               -66-

As of December 31, 2019
 Carrying amount
Assets
Long-term loans receivable
Bonds 5,000
Total 5,312
Liabilities
Long-term borrowings 112,759 Bonds payable 79,808
Total 192,567 As of December 31, 2019
Carrying amount
Fair value
(Millions of yen) Total
312 5,143 5,455
112,958 79,903 192,861
  Level 1
Level 2
– 312 – 5,143 – 5,455
– 112,958 – 79,903 – 192,861
Level 3
– – –
– – –
   312
               (Thousands of U.S. dollars) Fair value
   Level 1
Level 2
– 2,852 – 46,945 – 49,797
– 1,031,110 – 729,376 – 1,760,486
Level 3
Total
2,852 46,945 49,797
1,031,110 729,376 1,760,486
   Assets
Long-term loans receivable
Bonds 45,641
Total 48,493
Liabilities
Long-term borrowings 1,029,295 Bonds payable 728,504
Total 1,757,799
– – –
– – –
2,852
               Instruments whose fair value approximates their carrying amount are omitted from the table above. Long-term loans receivable
 The fair value of loans receivable classified in Level 2 is measured based on the present value of principal and interest expected to be received, discounted at the interest rate that would hypothetically be charged on an identical newly originated loan.
Bonds
The fair value of bonds classified in Level 2 is measured based on the present value of total principal and interest, discounted using an interest rate that factors in credit risk.
Long-term borrowings
The fair value of long-term borrowings classified in Level 2 is measured based on the present value of total principal and interest, discounted at the interest rate that would hypothetically be charged on an identical newly originated loan.
Bonds payable
The fair value of bonds payable classified in Level 2 is measured based on market prices if available. If market prices are not
     -67-

available, fair value is measured at the present value of total principal and interest, discounted using an interest rate that factors in the bond’s residual maturity and credit risk.
 (9) Derivatives
i) Derivatives subject to hedge accounting
A maturity analysis of hedging instruments’ notional amount is presented below. As of December 31, 2018
1,804
Notional amount
774
– 1,804
Within 1 year
719
Over 1 year and within 2 years
54
Over 4 years and within 5 years
–
Over 5 years
–
(Millions of yen)
  Cash flow hedges Currency risk
Currency forwards
Commodity price risk
Commodity futures
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swaps
Interest rate and currency risk
Cross-currency interest rate swaps
As of December 31, 2019
Cash flow hedges Currency risk
Currency forwards
Commodity price risk
Commodity futures
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swaps
Interest rate and currency risk
Cross-currency interest rate swaps
Notional amount
1,203
1,707
Within 1 year
1,203
Over 1 year and within 2 years
–
Over 2 years and within 3 years
–
–
8,950
–
Over 2 years and within 3 years
–
Over 3 years and within 4 years
–
–
4,500
–
Over 3 years and within 4 years
–
Over 4 years and within 5 years
–
–
–
–
Over 5 years
–
–
–
–
 33,134 11,442
8,242
1,707 –
        (Millions of yen)
   –––––––
21,640 8,190 8,950
4,500 –
– –
1,804 1,804 – – – – –
        -68-

As of December 31, 2019
 Over 1 year and within 2 years
497
Over 2 years and within 3 years
–
Over 3 years and within 4 years
–
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) Over 4
 Cash flow hedges Currency risk
Currency forwards
Commodity price risk
Commodity futures
Interest rate risk
Interest rate swaps
Interest rate and currency risk
Cross-currency interest rate swaps
Notional amount
7,062
Within 1 year
6,566
years and within 5 years
–
Over 5 years
–
 –––––––
197,538 74,763 81,698 41,077 –
16,470 16,470 – – –
– –
– –
        Currency forwards and currency swaps’ main contract rates, commodity futures’ main prices and interest rate swaps’ main pay rates are presented below.
  Cash flow hedges Currency risk
Currency forwards USD
EUR Commodity price risk
Commodity futures
Frozen concentrated orange juice futures
Interest rate risk Interest rate swaps
Pay fixed, receive floating Interest rate and currency risk
Cross-currency interest rate swaps Receive JPY, pay USD
Pay fixed, receive floating
As of December 31, 2018
108.15 yen to 110.87 yen 126.52 yen to 132.86 yen
1.285 to 1.570 dollars/lb.
0.40% to 2.16%
120.45 yen
0.13%
As of December 31, 2019
– 120.89 yen
–
0.40% to 2.16%
120.45 yen
0.13%
       -69-

Amounts related to items designated as hedging instruments are presented below. As of December 31, 2018
 Notional amount
1,203
1,707
33,134
1,804
Notional amount
774
–
21,640
Carrying amount
(Millions of yen) Consolidated Statement of Financial Position account
Other financial assets Other financial liabilities
Other financial liabilities
Other financial assets Other financial liabilities
Other financial liabilities
(Millions of yen) Consolidated Statement of Financial Position account
Other financial assets Other financial liabilities
Other financial liabilities
Other financial assets Other financial liabilities
Other financial liabilities
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) Consolidated Statement of Financial Position account
Other financial assets Other financial liabilities
Other financial liabilities
Other financial assets Other financial liabilities
 Assets
Liabilities
0 8
– 172
70 204
– 142
 Cash flow hedges Currency risk
Currency forwards Commodity price risk Commodity futures
Interest rate risk Interest rate swaps
Currency and interest rate risk Cross-currency interest rate swaps
As of December 31, 2019
Cash flow hedges Currency risk
Currency forwards Commodity price risk Commodity futures
Interest rate risk Interest rate swaps
Carrying amount
         Assets
Liabilities
10 –
––
3 112
– 163
  Currency and interest rate risk
Cross-currency interest rate swaps 1,804
      As of December 31, 2019
Cash flow hedges Currency risk
Notional amount
Carrying amount
  Currency forwards 7,062 Commodity price risk
Commodity futures – Interest rate risk
Interest rate swaps 197,538 Currency and interest rate risk
Cross-currency interest rate swaps 16,470
– 1,486
Other financial liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
87 –
––
24 1,024
        -70-

Changes in fair value used to measure hedge ineffectiveness are omitted because the amount of hedge ineffectiveness recognized in profit or loss was insignificant.
Amounts related to items designated as hedged items are presented below. (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019 Cash flow hedge reserve
87
–
(-1,000)
  As of
Cash flow hedges Currency risk
Planned purchases
Commodity price risk Planned purchases
Interest rate risk
Interest payable on borrowings
Currency and interest rate risk
Foreign currency borrowings and interest payable thereon
December 31, 2018 Cash flow hedge reserve
(8)
(172)
(134)
December 31, 2019 Cash flow hedge reserve
10
–
(110)
   115
    Changes in fair value used to measure hedge ineffectiveness are omitted because the amount of hedge ineffectiveness recognized in profit or loss was insignificant.
The effects of applying hedge accounting on the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income are presented below.
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
Cash flow hedges
Currency risk – Currency forwards
Commodity price risk – Commodity futures
Interest rate risk – Interest rate swaps
Currency and interest rate risk – Cross-currency interest rate swaps
(Note) The above are amounts before tax effects.
(8) (135) 204 183
(Millions of yen)
(15) Finance costs (20) Finance costs (86) Finance costs
(167) Finance costs
    Changes in hedging instruments’ fair value recognized in other comprehensive income
  Reclassification adjustments from cash flow hedge reserve to profit or loss
   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss accounts that include gains or losses due to reclassification adjustments
         -71-

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
(Millions of yen)
    Changes in hedging instruments’ fair value recognized in other comprehensive income
  Reclassification adjustments from cash flow hedge reserve to profit or loss
   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss accounts that include gains or losses due to reclassification adjustments
  Cash flow hedges
Currency risk – Currency forwards
Commodity price risk – Commodity futures
Interest rate risk – Interest rate swaps
Currency and interest rate risk – Cross-currency interest rate swaps
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
Cash flow hedges
Currency risk – Currency forwards
Commodity price risk – Commodity futures
Interest rate risk – Interest rate swaps
Currency and interest rate risk – Cross-currency interest rate swaps
(Note) The above are amounts before tax effects.
ii) Derivatives not subject to hedge accounting Details of derivatives are presented below.
(19) 721 15
(1)
37 Finance costs (549) Finance costs 9 Finance costs – Finance costs
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
333 Finance costs (5,009) Finance costs 86 Finance costs – Finance costs
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
           Changes in hedging instruments’ fair value recognized in other comprehensive income
  Reclassification adjustments from cash flow hedge reserve to profit or loss
   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss accounts that include gains or losses due to reclassification adjustments
     (171) 6,579 140
(6)
December 31, 2019
       (Millions of yen)
  As of
December 31, 2018
 Notional amount
Over 1 Fair value Notional
Over 1 Fair value Notional
Over 1 year
– – –
Fair value
(15) – (15)
year
amount – 99 3,013 – (76) – – 23 3,013
year
amount – (2) 27,500 – – – – (2) 27,500
 Currency forwards 3,693 Commodity options 170 Total 3,863
           -72-

37. Subsidiaries
The status of major subsidiaries at December 31, 2019 is presented below.
  Capital (Millions of yen)
10,000 5,432 4,878 2,080
25
Shibuya-ku,
Tokyo
Chiyoda-ku,
Tokyo
Urasoe-shi,
Okinawa
Shibuya-ku,
Tokyo
Higashikurume 72 -shi, Tokyo
Ownership of voting rights (%)
Relationship
 Name
(Subsidiaries) Sapporo Breweries Limited
POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage Ltd.
Sapporo Lion Limited
Sapporo Real Estate Co., Ltd.
Sapporo Group Management Ltd.
Yebisu Winemart Co., Ltd.
POKKA CREATE CO., LTD.
Foremost Blue Seal, Ltd.
TOKYO ENERGY SERVICE CO., LTD. Shinsyu-ichi Miso Co., Ltd.
SAPPORO WELLNESS LAB LIMITED
SAPPORO U.S.A., INC.
SAPPORO CANADA INC.
SLEEMAN BREWERIES LTD.
SAPPORO ASIA PRIVATE LTD.
SAPPORO VIETNAM LTD.
Location
Shibuya-ku, Tokyo Naka-ku, Nagoya Shibuya-ku, Tokyo Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
Main business
Alcoholic Beverages Food & Soft Drinks Alcoholic Beverages
Real Estate
Other
Alcoholic Beverages Food & Soft Drinks
Food & Soft Drinks
Real Estate
Food & Soft Drinks
Other
Alcoholic Beverages
Alcoholic Beverages
Alcoholic Beverages
Alcoholic Beverages
Alcoholic Beverages
Alcoholic Beverages
Interlocking officer(s)
Financial support
Yes
Yes None Yes
Yes
None Yes None None Yes
Yes
None
None
None
None
None
None
Other business transaction
Contribution for the Group management, etc. Contribution for the Group management, etc. Contribution for the Group management, etc. Contribution for the Group management, etc. Undertaking of back-office operations
Facilities leasing ―
― ― ― ―
―
―
―
―
―
―
―
      100 100 100 490
100.0 None 100.0 None 100.0 None 100.0 Yes
100.0 None
100.0 None (100.0)
100.0 None (100.0)
99.8 None (99.8)
100.0 None (100.0)
51.0 Yes 100.0 Yes
100.0 None
100.0
(100.0) None
100.0 None
100.0
(100.0) None
100.0
(100.0) None
100.0
(100.0) None
     Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
New York, New York, USA
San Francisco, California, USA
Toronto, Ontario, Canada Guelph, Ontario, Canada
Singapore
Vietnam million VND
   Anchor Brewing Company, LLC
    Long An,
10
7,200 thousand USD 105,676 thousand USD 299,000 thousand CAD 50,634 thousand CAD 97,445 thousand USD 1,912,795
  POKKA CORPORATION (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.
 Singapore
  27 million SGD
Food & Soft Drinks
  100.0 (100.0)
 None
 Yes
 ―
 POKKA INTERNATIONAL PTE. LTD.
 Singapore
  5 million SGD
Food & Soft Drinks
  100.0 (100.0)
 None
 None
 ―
 POKKA ACE (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD.
 Selangor, Malaysia
   27 million MYR
 Food & Soft Drinks
   50.0 (50.0)
 None
  None
  ―
   -73-

  Name
Location
Main business
Interlocking officer(s)
Financial support
Other business transaction
Capital (Millions of yen)
Ownership of voting rights (%)
Relationship
   POKKA (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD.
 Johor, Malaysia
  60 million MYR
Food & Soft Drinks
  100.0 (100.0)
 None
 None
 ―
 SAPPORO LION (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.
 Singapore
  4 million SGD
Alcoholic Beverages
  100.0 (100.0)
 None
 None
 ―
 Other 35 companies
 ―
   ―
 ―
   ―
 ―
  ―
  ―
     Capital (Millions of yen)
600 200 ―
Ownership of voting rights (%)
Relationship
 Name
(Associates)
KEIYO UTILITY CO., LTD.
THE CLUB AT YEBISU GARDEN CO., LTD.
Other six companies
Location
Funabashi-shi, Chiba Meguro-ku, Tokyo
―
Main business
Alcoholic Beverages
Real Estate
Interlocking officer(s)
Financial support
None
None
Other business transaction
―
―
 20.0 None (20.0)
30.0 None (30.0)
  ―――――
        (Notes) 1 2
3 4 5
Segment names are shown in the “main business” column.
Figures in parentheses in the “ownership of voting rights” column indicate the indirect ownership included in the above figure.
Sapporo Breweries Limited, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage Ltd., Sapporo Real Estate Co., Ltd., Sapporo Group Management Ltd., and SAPPORO CANADA INC. are specified subsidiaries.
POKKA CORPORATION (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD. absorbed POKKA INTERNATIONAL PTE. LTD. on January 1, 2020 and changed its name to Pokka Pte. Ltd.
Revenue (excluding intercompany revenue) of Sapporo Breweries Limited and POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage Ltd. accounts for more than 10% of consolidated revenue. Their key financial information (in accordance with Japanese GAAP) is presented below.
Key profit or loss information
(1) Net sales
(2) Ordinary profit (3) Profit
(4) Net assets
(5) Total assets
Sapporo Breweries Limited
POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage Ltd.
  247,896 million yen
 5,930 million yen
 5,088 million yen
 53,134 million yen
 212,591 million yen
  79,488 million yen
 (3,057) million yen
 (2,555) million yen
 22,466 million yen
 66,775 million yen
-74-

38. Related Parties
(1) Related party transactions
No significant related party transactions.
(2) Key executives’ remuneration
The Group’s key executives’ remuneration is presented below.
(Millions of yen)
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019
Short-term employee benefits 284 273
39. Commitments
Commitments pertaining to expenditures subsequent to the reporting date are presented below.
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
2,496
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
40,851 12,236 2,995
            (Millions of yen)
 As of
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment
Acquisition of investment property (Note)
Acquisition of intangible assets
December 31, 2018 3,960
4,127
269
December 31, 2019 4,475
1,340
328
       (Note) The investment property acquisition commitments will become contractual liabilities related to maintaining or developing investment property.
-75-

40. Discontinued Operations
(1) Overview of discontinued operations
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, the Group transferred all the shares in Country Pure Foods, Inc. (the holding company managing the North American soft drinks business, which falls under the “Food & Soft Drinks Business” segment) held by the Company to BPCP CPF Holdings Inc.
Accordingly, the profit or loss and cash flows related to the North American soft drinks business have been presented as discontinued operations.
(2) Profit or loss from discontinued operations
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
265,037 242,845 22,193
18,143
47,117 (43,067)
3,505 (46,572)
(14,541) (32,031)
(30,904) (1,127) (32,031)
 Profit or loss from discontinued operations
Revenue 27,948
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
29,035 26,604 2,431
1,988
5,162 (4,718)
384 (5,102)
(1,593) (3,509)
(3,386) (123) (3,509)
  Cost of sales Gross profit
Selling, general and administrative expenses Other non-operating expenses
Operating loss
Finance costs Loss before tax
Income tax expense (Note 2)
Loss from discontinued operations
Loss from discontinued operations attributable to
Owners of parent
Non-controlling interests
Loss from discontinued operations
26,579 1,369
2,119 10
(760)
377 (1,137)
(251) (886)
(401) (484) (886)
                    (Notes) 1 Includes loss on sale due to the transfer of Country Pure Foods, Inc. of 4,886 million yen (44,602 thousand U.S. dollars) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019.
2 Includes income tax expense related to the transfer of Country Pure Foods, Inc. of (1,563) million yen ((14,269) thousand U.S. dollars) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019.
-76-

(3) Cash flows from discontinued operations
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars)
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
18,774 5,466 4,346
 Cash flows from discontinued operations
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
1,648 (1,436) (747)
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
2,057 599 476
       (Note) Net cash provided by investing activities for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 includes proceeds from sale of shares in Country Pure Foods, Inc. of 1,798 million yen (16,414 thousand U.S. dollars).
-77-

41. Contingent Liabilities (1) Guarantee liabilities
Guarantees of ordinary customers or suppliers’ borrowings from financial institutions are presented below.
 (Millions of yen)
(Thousands of U.S. dollars) December 31, 2019
755 1,415 2,171
 As of
Ordinary customers/suppliers Employees (home acquisition funding)
Total
(2) Litigation matters Not applicable.
42. Significant Events after Reporting Period
December 31, 2018 100
195 295
December 31, 2019 83
155 238
        Implementation of early retirement incentive program
At the Board of Directors meeting held on February 13, 2020, the Company resolved to implement an early retirement incentive program for employees of Sapporo Breweries Limited, the operating company in charge of the Alcoholic Beverages Business segment in the Group.
(Reason for implementation of early retirement incentive program)
In order to achieve the “Group Management Plan 2024,” the Group will, in line with the basic policies (e.g., strengthening of the beer business, shift to growth fields such as food, and acceleration of global expansion), work to optimize the allocation of human resources. At this major turning point, the Group will implement the early retirement incentive program, as an option for employees who may be interested in a new career outside Sapporo Breweries, by expanding the current second career assistance program.
(Overview of early retirement incentive program)
(1) Eligibility criteria: Employees who have worked at Sapporo Breweries for ten years or more and are 45 years of age or older (employees in charge of certain duties are not
eligible for this program) (2) Target total number of applicants: Not set.
(3) Application period:
 i) First round: May 1, 2020 to July 10, 2020
ii) Second round: October 1, 2020 to December 10, 2020
At the Board of Directors meeting held on March 27, 2020, the Company changed the first round from the period between April 1, 2020 and June 10, 2020 to the period between May 1, 2020 and July 10, 2020.
 (4) Effective date of retirement:
 i) First round: November 20, 2020 ii) Second round: May 20, 2021
 (5) Details of assistance to be provided
A second career assistance grant will be added on to the retirement benefits of participants in this program, and reemployment assistance services will be provided to them.
(Effect on operating results)
As the application period has not yet commenced, any losses including the second career assistance grant are yet to be determined.
-78-

(2) Other information
Quarterly information in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, and other information
 (Cumulative period) Revenue (Millions of yen)
Profit (loss) before tax (Millions of yen)
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent (Millions of yen)
Basic earnings (loss) per share (Yen)
(Accounting period)
Basic earnings (loss) per share (Yen)
1st quarter 2nd quarter 100,958 228,207
(4,494) (335) (3,590) (810) (46.09) (10.41)
1st quarter 2nd quarter (46.09) 35.68
3rd quarter 361,015 7,000 4,560 58.55
3rd quarter 68.94
Full year 491,896
11,588 4,356 55.92
4th quarter (2.62)
Full year 4,490,148
105,781 39,763 510
4th quarter (24)
                    Quarterly information in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, and other information
 (Cumulative period)
Revenue (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
Profit (loss) before tax (Thousands of U.S. dollars)
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of parent (Thousands of U.S. dollars) Basic earnings (loss) per share (U.S. dollars)
(Accounting period)
Basic earnings (loss) per share (U.S. dollars)
1st quarter 921,575
(41,020) (32,767)
(421)
1st quarter (421)
2nd quarter 2,083,132
(3,060) (7,398)
(95)
2nd quarter 326
3rd quarter 3,295,440 63,895 41,626 534
3rd quarter 629
                    -79-
