Promoting Sustainability Management
SAPPORO HOLDINGS LIMITED Integrated Report 2019 39
Initiatives Based on Our 4 Key Promises
Environmental Conservation
In order to pass on nature’s bounty to the future, we will strive to prevent global warming, promote the 3Rs, and achieve symbiosis with nature at every phase.
    Preventing Global Warming and Promoting
the 3Rs
New Products Launched in “Cartocan”
Paper Beverage Containers
Ahead of the curve in the soft drinks industry, POKKA SAPPORO Food & Beverage adopted the “cartocan” in 1996, a container composed of 30% or more domestic materials, including thinned wood, which is wood produced during forest thinning. We have also participated in initiatives of the Morikami Association since its founding in 2004. The Morikami Association—derived from the words “mori,” meaning “forest,” and “kami,” for “paper”—was formed to promote forest-friendly paper beverage containers. As a member, we are working to popularize the cartocan as a familiar eco-tool.
Through its use of thinned wood, the cartocan contributes
to the prevention of global warming as a part of forest conserva- tion and cultivation, which promotes CO2 emissions absorption by healthy forests.
In February 2020, we launched Umami Maroyaka Ryokucha with the concept of a tea that could be used by all companies and organizations for meetings and with visitors. Due to the recent increase in environmental awareness, it
has been well received by companies and organi- zations wanting beverages that do not use plastic containers.
Furthermore, a portion of sales is donated to the Green Fund, which, among other activities, is used for providing financial assistance to volunteer organizations that take part in forest maintenance.
Lightweight Aluminum Can Lids for Beer Taste Beverages for Reducing CO2 Emissions
In June 2019, Sapporo Breweries took home a prize at the 43rd Kinoshita Awards, sponsored by Japan Packaging Institute, in the Kaizen and Rationalization Category for the “development of lightweight aluminum can lids for beer taste beverages.” The lids, which are about 7% lighter than conven- tional lids, were designed and manufactured by the Daiwa Can Company, while Sapporo Breweries carried out evaluations for their practical use in a joint initiative. Replacing the can lids of our beer taste products with these lightweight lids would reduce CO2 emissions by approximately 1,200 tons per year (based on 2018 figures). The characteristic feature of these lids is newly devised depressions formed by beading* on the surface of the lid, in order to achieve the same level of quality as that of conventional lids while being thinner. We intend to adopt these lids for all of our beer taste beverages by 2022.
* Groove-shaped depression on the surface of a can lid
Left: Conventional can lid
Right: Lightweight aluminum can lid
Harmonizing with Nature
Support for Regional Conservation
In fiscal 2016, Sapporo Breweries
launched a limited release of the
Shinshu Environmental Support
Can of Sapporo Draft Beer Black
Label in Nagano Prefecture. In
fiscal 2017, Sapporo Breweries
entered into the Biodiversity
Protection Partnership Agreement,
and ¥1 for every can sold is donated to the ongoing environ- mental conservation efforts of Shinshu (the traditional name
of Nagano Prefecture). In addition, the Saitama Environmental Support Can of Sapporo Draft Beer Black Label was launched in November 2019 to support the “Umi-to-Nippon Project (the Ocean and Japan Project).” In Hokkaido, Sapporo Breweries, in cooperation with CO-OP Sapporo and Hokkaido Prefecture, launched the “Re-energize the Forests of Hokkaido!” campaign in 2013. This project, currently known as “Cheers to the Seas and Forests of Hokkaido!,” supports the conservation of Hokkaido’s forests.
Moreover, in March 2020 OKINAWA POKKA CORPORATION CO., LTD. released limited quantities of Ganso Sanpin-cha (Okinawan jasmine tea), with special packaging featuring natu- ral sightseeing spots and rare creatures from the Yanbaru area in the northern region of the main island of Okinawa. This effort is intended to support the Yanbaru area, which has put in a bid to become a World Heritage Site, and a portion of sales will be donated toward environmental conservation activities.
    