 Environment
In order to address the challenge of climate change and help build a sustainable world, the KPP Group pursues initiatives to preserve the environment by, for example, conducting a totally recycling-oriented business to promote the effective use of limited resources. As a trading company that specializes in paper, in order to operate businesses that help create a bright future for the global environment, we have expanded our recycling business as a leading company in the resource recycling business.Kyushu Print Information Industry Exhibition
• 2018 Kyushu Print Information Industry Exhibition was held June 1– 2, 2018 at the Fukuoka Convention Center.
• The KPP Group introduced its multifunctional printer and office ecomo, confidential document recycling system.
EcoPro
• EcoPro 2018 was held December 6 – 8, 2018 at Tokyo Big Sight.
• Under a theme emphasizing that the future of the environment starts with trees, the KPP Group displayed the flow of the biomass power generation business in connection with achieving a recycling-oriented society utilizing the flow of raw
materials and product materials, and unused materials such as thinned wood.
Promotional Goods Expo
• The 2nd Promotional Goods Expo (Spring) was held January 30 – February 1, 2019 at Makuhari Messe.
• Under an earth-friendly people-friendly theme, the Group exhibited products that help reduce environmental impact and improve work efficiency. With attention focused on de-plasticization and a return to paper, we introduced paper straws,
paper file sleeves, and other products.
YUPO® Exhibition
• The Yupo general exhibition Tsukiji Yupo Market was held on February 18 – 19, 2019 at the 1st floor entrance area of our head office with the cooperation of Yupo Corporation.
• Exhibited were examples of the use of paper in the categories of publishing and
commercial printing, packaging and labels, specialty, and the environment. In addition to printing samples of Yupo Green biomass resin compound, we also exhibited biodegradable synthetic paper, and Yupo prototypes recycled from items recovered from the market.
Chubu Branch Products Exhibition
• The Present and Future of Packaging exhibition was held February 25 – 26, 2019 at KPP’s Chubu Branch.
• Under a theme emphasizing how solutions lead to customer sales, our exhibit linked environmental friendliness to business opportunities that included lectures on biodegradable plastics, exhibits of new and interesting materials and environmental solution products related to de-plasticization, the introduction of BM ecomo, and rooms built using only paper materials.
Participated In Environment-Related Exhibitions and Held Exhibitions
     Introduction of Environmental Management System
We have constructed an environmental management system in accordance with international standard ISO 14001 in order to produce results, such as improving the environmental performance of the Group’s business activities, meeting compliance obligations, and achieving established environmental targets.
We routinely evaluate our business and environmental activity results, revise our environmental policies and targets as necessary, and work to improve the effectiveness of our efforts.
Fiscal 2018 Environmental Targets and Performance
Environmentally friendly paper
Expansion of sales of (recycled paper, forest-certified paper, paper made from thinned wood, etc.) ⇒ Target achievement rate: 129.4% Expansion of sales of biomass power generation fuel
⇒ Target achievement rate: 150.0% In addition to the above, 6 of the 7 quantitative targets were achieved.
Initiatives to Reduce Environmental Impact
As a business operator using energy beyond a certain level prescribed in Japan’s Act on Rationalizing Energy Use, the Group falls under the scope of specified business operators and specified consigners that must seek to reduce the environmental impact of their operations in a substantial manner. Scope of Certification Application
Registration Number: JP18/071544 Audit Organization: SGS Japan Inc. Scope of Application: Sales of paper, pulp, recovered paper, films, their peripheral materials and related machinery. Locations under the Scope of Application: Tokyo Head Office, Kansai Branch, Kyoto Sales Dept. of Kansai Branch, Chubu Branch, Kyushu Branch, Sendai Sales Dept. of Kita Nihon Branch and Sapporo Sales Dept. of Kita Nihon Branch
Logistics Initiatives
As a specified consigner based on Japan’s Act on Rationalizing Energy Use, to reduce the environmental impact associated with logistics, the Group has worked to optimize its inventory locations in order to consolidate inventory and shipping locations and shorten the transportation distance to customers. For fiscal 2018, the Company’s energy consumption per basic unit increased by 0.8% year on year, while overall CO2 emission from transport rose 0.2% year on year. The annual reduction rate in energy consumption per basic unit averaged 0.3% in the past five years.
Logistics Initiatives (Per Basic Unit for Energy)
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY) * Calculation method: Crude oil equivalent (kiloliters) / annual sales volume (thousand tons)
CO2 Emissions Based on the Ton-Kilometer Method (t-CO2)
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
* The above figures are figures we report to the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan on a non-consolidated basis in cases where the energy the Company has consumed for freight carriage as a consigner amounts to 30 million ton-kilometers or more. Ton-kilometer is a unit for values obtained by multiplying the weight of each freight carriage in tons by the distance traveled in kilometers. We adopt figures calculated by dividing the crude oil equivalent in kiloliters by the annual sales volume in thousand tons as our figures per basic unit.
* See our website for environmental data. http://www.kppc.co.jp/ja/csr/action/reduction.html
Initiatives as a Business Operator
We have been taking initiatives aimed at lowering energy consumption of electricity and other energy per basic unit by 1% on an annual average basis. For fiscal 2018, the Company’s energy consumption per basic unit dropped by 2.1% year on year, and overall CO2 emissions also fell by 4.6% year on year.
The specified conditions for a designated specified business are energy consumption of 1,500 kiloliters or more in crude oil equivalents. The Group has been below this standard since fiscal 2017, but will continue to promote the effective use of energy.
Initiatives as a Business Operator (Per Basic Unit for Energy)Participation in Environmental Groups
Joined the Japan Clean Ocean Material Alliance
Recently, there have been calls for global efforts to solve the problem of marine plastic waste, an emerging global issue. The Clean Ocean Material Alliance (CLOMA*) was founded to address this issue, and KPP joined this alliance.
In solving the problem of marine plastic waste, it is important that we contribute to SDGs achievement without disparaging the benefits that plastic bestows to people’s lives. CLOMA Principles have been established as ideals to be shared and we are reviewing and implementing the five key actions CLOMA has set.
As a trading company that specializes in paper, the KPP Group will leverage the business network it has developed over the years and pursue initiatives to achieve clean oceans.
* CLOMA was founded on January 18, 2019 to promote the sustainable use of plastic and develop and introduce alternative materials, and accelerate innovation through public-private partnerships with the aim of solving the problem of marine plastic pollution. According to the CLOMA website, 250 companies and organizations had joined CLOMA as of August 9, 2019.
Participated in the Plastics Smart Forum
Plastic that flows into the sea through rivers in large volume and is not recovered remains in the sea for long periods, so there are concerns about environmental pollution on a global scale. In order to solve this problem, the Ministry of the Environment of Japan has been conducting the “Plastics Smart” campaign since October 2018 to support and broaden the efforts that various bodies including individuals, companies, organizations, and governments can take from their respective positions.
In accordance with the campaign’s purpose, the Group participated in the forum. Further, at the “2nd Promotional Goods Expo (Spring),” we displayed environmentally friendly promotional products and materials and recorded examples of environmentally friendly promotional activities. These activities are also presented on the Ministry of the Environment’s special website.
“Plastics Smart” campaign logo
    Year on year
86.3%
2014
96.4%
106.2%
97.9% 62.9%
0.003124 0.003057
2017 2018 (FY)
       * Calculation method: crude oil equivalent (kiloliters) / net sales
2015 2016
Energy Consumption and CO2 Emissions by Business Operators
Crudeoilequivalent(kiloliters) CO2 emissions(t-CO2)
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 (FY)
* The above figures are based on the crude oil equivalents in kiloliters of the sums of electricity, city gas, LP gas and kerosene used annually in buildings the Company owns, which we report to the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry. The figures per basic unit are values obtained by dividing the crude oil equivalent (kiloliters) by annual net sales (million yen).
* We adopt coefficients updated by the respective electric power companies each year as emission factors used as the bases for calculating CO2 emissions.
            22 / KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 / 231.19
1.15 1.17 1.18 1.19
12,470
11,857 11,838 11,572
11,593
3,912
1,879
1,821
3,594
2,355
2,247
0.004848 0.004673 0.004965
3,661
1,821
1,180
1,177
Environment Society Corporate Governance Finance/Data Sections
 Aiming to Become a Totally Recycling-Oriented Enterprise
The KPP Group’s basic stance is to make an environmental contribution appropriate for its business. We promote sales of products from materials that are confirmed compliant, and we work to expand business with material recycling and thermal recycling with a view to evolving into a totally recycling- oriented enterprise. We regard all these actions as environmental contributions that help build a better future for the planet.
Contributing to Sustainable Forest Management
Along with increasing environmental awareness comes greater demand for forest-certified paper produced from properly managed forests.
Forest certification schemes encourage consumers to buy environmentally friendly products by facilitating the proper management and labeling of forests and forest materials at the production, processing, and distribution stages. We have acquired FSC® and PEFC certification to go with our Chain-of-Custody (CoC) certification for the separating and managing of forest-certified paper so that it is not mixed with other paper during the processing and distribution stages.
1
 TOPICS
Environmental Education
The KPP Group conducts new employee and departmental training to raise employees’ environmental awareness and provide them with necessary experience.
As part of this, employees are encouraged to take the Certification Test for Environmental Specialists (Eco Test) organized by the Tokyo Chamber of Commerce and Industry. The goal of the Eco People 50 Plan, under which 50% of employees passed the Eco Test, was achieved in fiscal 2015, and the percentage of employees who passed the Eco Test in fiscal 2018 was 60.27%.
Percentage of Employees Certified via the Eco Test
*As of March 31, 2019
60.27%
  Target 50%
Passed Eco Test 60.27%
     Paper/paperboard
3
   4
          2
Point 1
● Global network with pulp supplier
Point 4
● Development of biomass power plant operation support system ● Network for collecting unused wood and thinned wood
Material Recycling: ecomo
Achieving a recycling-oriented society is stated in the Group’s management philosophy. ecomo is an exemplary business for achieving this. ecomo means “eco” and “to bring” (mottekuru in Japanese) and expresses the idea of “eco + model” (in other words, a new eco model).
Town ecomo is a system for collecting and recycling used paper from households. Special collection boxes are installed at local supermarkets, retail stores, and other locations. Consumers bring old newspapers and magazines with them when they go shopping and put them in these boxes, and KPP collects them. Some stores give points that can be used at the stores in exchange for the used paper based on its weight. Town ecomo recycling boxes have been installed in 436 stores in Japan as of July 31, 2019.
Office ecomo safely and securely collects confidential documents for disposal at corporate offices in special
  KPP
Acquire CoC certification
Point 2
● Network of 2,500 customers
● Capabilities include distribution, inventory, credit management,
information provision, and solution development
Point 3
● Japan’s leading recovered paper collection network
● “ecomo series,” KPP’s proprietary recovered paper recycling system ● Ichihara Confidential Document Processing Center, a confidential
document processing facility
Material Recycling: Paper Raw Materials
Paper consumed in various products including newspapers, magazines, copy paper, and wrapping paper is collected, then it is de-inked and bleached, thus becoming a raw material that is transformed into paper again. Using recovered paper not only saves valuable forest resources, but also helps reduce waste. Paper recycling is an environmentally friendly societal mechanism.
We collect recovered paper through our nationwide network and supply recovered paper as a recycled material to paper manufacturers, and the quantity is top class in Japan.
boxes. After shredding the paper at its confidential document processing facility, water and electric heat are used to erase information and reduce volume, and the paper is then recycled. The confidential document processing system is secure and environmentally friendly.
Thermal Recycling
In addition to recycling paper, the Group is working on supplying biomass fuel such as scrap wood and unused wood as well as developing an operation support system uses plant IoT technology for biomass power plants. In September 2016, we invested in Biomass Power Technologies Inc., a company operating a biomass power generation business based in the city of Matsusaka in Mie Prefecture. Through these efforts, we seek to achieve a recycling-oriented society that utilizes unused resources and revitalizes local industry.
    Paper manufacturers
Acquire CoC certification
Managed forest FM certification*
Printing companies
Acquire CoC certification
  *A system to certify forests that are properly managed
Forests
FSC Forest Certification
(CoC Certification)
Acquired on January 5, 2004
Valid until December 21, 2023 Certificate No. SGSHK-COC-001603
Distribution of certified materials Traceability
Consumers
 PEFC Forest Certification
(CoC Certification)
Acquired on October 1, 2007
Valid until December 21, 2023 Certificate No. SGSJP-PCOC-0213
 24 / KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 / 25