 Society
Based on the KPP Group’s management philosophy—“Pursuing the happiness of the employees and their families and aiming to become a company that is trusted by its shareholders, customers, suppliers, and communities”— we have created an environment where employees can perform to their full potential. Further, to build positive relationships with various stakeholders, we will keep striving to ensure that employees and their families can work and live with security, with the goal of being a company trusted by society.
A Company Open to the Community
We will fulfill our role as a good corporate citizen by proactively engaging in locally based activities.
Support for the C.W. Nicol Afan Woodland Trust
Since 2015, the Group has endorsed the Great East Japan Earthquake reconstruction project promoted by the C.W. Nicol Afan Woodland Trust. As part of this, the Trust supports the cultivation and harvesting of raw materials for Japanese paper and Japanese papermaking lessons at the Miyanomori Elementary School.
The Japanese papermaking experience class, started in 2016, was held for the third time in 2018. Mr. Rogier Uitenboogaar, an artist of handmade Japanese paper, was invited as an instructor for third graders. In the class, each student created their own original Japanese paper made with plants and seaweed from Higashi-Matsushima City, Miyagi Prefecture. The students collected kozo (paper mulberry) and mitsumata (Oriental paper bush) planted in the forest at the back of the school building three years ago and used them as the raw materials for the Japanese paper. The children learned about the appeal of Japanese paper and the environment they live in through the making of the paper.
TSUNAGU GALLERY
At the entrance on the first floor of our head office, works of art and paper products featured in our public relations magazine TSUNAGU are displayed, providing a space for communication that visiting business partners and local residents can freely enjoy.
In fiscal 2018, we exhibited the Japanese paper artwork of Mr. Rogier Uitenboogaart, an artist of Japanese handmade paper. In addition, Mr. Uitenboogaart has created original handmade paper using kozo and mitsumata planted on the roof garden of our head office building. In 2019, we marked the fifth year of his Japanese papermaking exhibition and we will continue this handmade Japanese papermaking to mark the 100th anniversary of our founding in 2024.
Support for the Environment Athletes Organization
We have been supporting the Environment Athletes Organization’s objective of offering environmental education and realizing its social contribution with sports as its focus. The Organization is dispatching athletes to elementary schools in each area to provide extracurricular lessons about the importance of clean water, air, and the earth while enjoying sports.
In fiscal 2018, the athletes held classes on baseball and running for elementary school children in Setagaya-ku, Tokyo. At subsequent environmental classes, the children learned that an environment blessed with clean air and water is indispensable for playing sports. As part of its contribution to the local community, the Group will continue to support the Organization and communicate the importance of the natural environment to children, who represent the future.
Participation in a Rooftop Greening Project in Ginza
In 2010, the Group planted greenery on the roof of KPP’s head office as part of its CSR activities. Employee volunteers are using this garden to grow vegetables and fruits throughout the year. The Ginza Honey Bee Project, the initiative of an NPO that we’ve participated in since 2015, is promoting rooftop greening, in which sweet potatoes cultivated on rooftops are used as part of the ingredients for brewing shochu distilled liquor. Sweet potatoes grown on the rooftops were harvested and provided to this project in fiscal 2018 as well.
Support for the Japan Rugby Football Union
KPP endorses the Scrum Japan Program sponsored by the Japan Rugby Football Union (JRFU), and has supported it since 2015. The Union seeks to train the next generation of capable individuals through rugby. Its objectives are to popularize rugby among young people and beginners, assist extracurricular activities at elementary, junior high, and senior high schools, and link those activities with the training of individuals able to work successfully in various fields in the future. We hope to contribute to the development of a healthy and vibrant society through the Rugby World Cup 2019 in Japan.
Working with Local Kindergartens
Every year, KPP subsidiary Narumiya Kami-shoji Co., Ltd. which produces Sendai’s Tanabata decorations, displays them at the entrance of our head office as an opportunity for local residents to actually see its activities.
In 2018, the local Pocket Land Akashicho Nursery School and the Akashi Kindergarten visited our head office and viewed the Tanabata bamboo and the pieces of paper tied to it, on which people’s wishes are written. During Halloween, kindergarten children in costumes came to the office and our employees treated them to Halloween candy. Thus, the opportunities for interaction are gradually increasing.
                    Environment Society Corporate Governance Finance/Data Sections
  26 / KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 / 27
Cooperating with Employees
The Company is convinced that human resources are the most important asset for a trading company. We have created workplaces where individual employees can display their capabilities and carry out their duties in high spirits.
Diversity Promotion and Initiatives
Under its Diversity Promotion Policies, the Group respects the gender, age, nationality, race, ethnicity, religion, and social status of each employee, and has established a system that permits all employees to play active roles.
To secure diverse human resources, we are strengthening recruitment from overseas universities and external recruitment of mid-career executives at overseas bases.
■ Promoting Women’s Career Advancement
In the three-year period from 2016 to 2018, we have addressed the issues raised in the Plan of Action for Promoting Women’s Career Advancement, but in fiscal 2018, the percentage of women in the workforce and the percentage of women in management positions remained low at 37.2% and 2.8%, respectively (both figures are for non-consolidated).
In 2019, we formulated a new Plan of Action for Promoting Women’s Career Advancement. We will take steps to provide a work environment in which women can play active roles.
Promoting Work-Life Balance
We offer programs that permit many different work styles that match a range of circumstances and wishes of individual employees, including those for a leave of absence and shorter working hours for childcare and nursing care purposes. We have established a No Overtime Day in each department and are working to raise labor productivity by reducing long working hours and promoting work-life balance.
In addition, the saved leave system was partially revised. In the past, saved leave was a special paid leave that could be saved for up to 10 days out of annual paid leave that will be terminated at the end of the fiscal year, and can only be used when an employee suffers personal injury or illness. In order to achieve a balance between family and employee health support, and childcare and nursing care as part of our work style reforms, in May 2018, we expanded the scope to include the employee and their spouse, parents, and children. It can now be used for medical nursing and nursing care (including assistance and escort during hospital visits) as well. We will continue to create an environment where employees can work with peace of mind while balancing work and family life.
In addition, we have introduced a job return system as part of our efforts to revitalize human resource utilization and support for work-life balance.
Percentage of employees who return to work after taking childcare leave
Number of staggered work hours users
10 15
100%
14 14
           VOICE
1. The figures are the number of users and their percentage as of March 31 of the relevant fiscal year.
2. Number of employees who started using the system during the relevant fiscal year.
Staff Recruitment and Development
We are enhancing our training system for the internal and external training of each class of employee, including training for new employees, on-the-job training from longer-serving colleagues in the workplace, training for employees who have been promoted, and training for section, general, and headquarter managers.
To assist the independent career planning of employees, the Company has introduced a personnel system that provides multiple career paths according to positions and duties. In addition, we support MBA study and believe that each employee is the driving force for corporate growth. Further, we are actively developing human resources, and have introduced e-learning to enable employees to take classes from home for self-study.
 Hoang Tuan Linh
(born in Vietnam)
Trade Section, East Japan Sales Department, Global Business Paper Raw Material Sales Division, Global Business HeadquartersI’m working in an environment where every day I’m treated kindly by those around me. At first, there were many things I didn’t know about working in Japan, but since I work and live with Japanese people on a daily basis, I’m getting used to it. In today’s diverse world, it’s important that everyone work without preconceptions about nationality and understand that we are all citizens of one planet.
VOICE
 Office Tours for Family Members
Tours are conducted to deepen the mutual understanding and support between Group employees’ families and the KPP Group. We will continue to create a workplace environment where employees can work in comfort by improving not only employee satisfaction, but also the satisfaction of their families, increasing employee fulfillment, and promoting work-life balance.
Daisuke Nagashima
Direct Sales Section III, Direct Sales Department, Direct Sales Division, National Sales Headquarters
[Non-consolidated]
Number of employees
*Excluding fixed-term employees and post- retirement workers
Men Women Total
413 245 658
18.2
14 20 25 26
 97.2%2.8%
I have used staggered work hours since last spring so I could take my child to daycare. My child was often already asleep by the time I returned home from work, but thanks to the staggered work hours, I now have the opportunity to interact with my child on weekdays. This valuable system allows me to participate actively in childcare as a father. I’m very grateful for the understanding and cooperation I have received from people on my team while using this system.
Average length of continuous service (years)
Continued employment system users
Fiscal 2015
Fiscal 2016
Fiscal 2017
 10
     28 / KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 / 29
Fiscal 2018
   Number of childcare leave system users1
100%
6
8
12
        100%
85.7%
        Number of childcare shortened work-hour system users2
3
6
6
10
      Diversity Promotion Policies
We aim to carry out global management and sustain the Group’s growth. We seek to build an environment that empowers employees, who we see as the most important asset for a trading company, and we believe that working enthusiastically and successfully is the foundation of sustainable management.
• Improvement of the Work-Life Balance • Promotion of Diversity
• Diversification of Employment
  Plan of Action for Promoting Women’s Career
Advancement
We have not yet achieved our plan of action for the period from April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2019, except for some targets, since the percentage of women on the main career track remains low. In the plan of action that extends from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2022, we have made an issue of this point and have set a target for improvement.
• Challenges Facing the Company
Because of the low percentage of women on the main career track, there is a low percentage of women in managerial positions
Target 1: Maintain the percentage of women among new
main career track hires at 20% or more.
Target 2: Increase the percentage of women on the main
career track to over 11%.
   Fiscal 2015
Fiscal 2016
Fiscal 2017
Fiscal 2018
   [Consolidated]
Number of employees
 1,011
976
956
1,005
    460 244 704
423 242 665
      General Employers Action Plan
KPP has formulated the action plan set out below for the purpose of developing a stress-free working environment that helps employees display their skills and attain work- life balance, while ensuring that they can work while raising children.
Target 1: Reduce overtime working hours and eliminate unpaid overtime work
Target 2: Ensure that the child and nursing care leave programs are well-known companywide, and help employees on leave to return smoothly to work
Target 3: Organize office tours for family members to promote work-life balance
  Please see our website for details.
Diversity Promotion Policies
http://www.kppc.co.jp/ja/csr/society/policy.html
General Employers Action Plan
http://www.kppc.co.jp/ja/csr/society/plan.html
Plan of Action for Promoting Women’s Career Advancement http://www.kppc.co.jp/ja/csr/society/woman.html
449 250 699
    Men and women in management positions
Men
96.0%
95.7%
4.3%
96.3%
   Women
4.0%
3.7%   17.4
17.7
18.3
    Persons with disabilities employed
2.06%
1.94%
2.27%
2.68%
 