 Corporate Governance
KPP Group has prioritized the construction and continual enhancement of corporate governance systems in order to fulfill the mandate we have received from our stakeholders—including shareholders, customers, business partners, local communities, and employees—which is to deliver sustainable growth and mid- to long-term improvement of business value.
In June 2015, we shifted our governance structure to that of a “company with an audit committee,” moving toward management with greater transparency and improved mobility. Our Audit and Supervisory Committee, of which outside directors comprise a majority, performs auditing and supervision of the legality and appropriateness of business execution. Also, we employ an executive officer system in which directors, who are constituent members of the Board of Directors, handle decision-making and supervision functions while executive officers handle business execution functions. Through this we have clearly differentiated management decision-making and supervisory functions from business execution functions.
Board of Directors
Ten directors, including four outside directors, make determinations on important management matters and provide supervision on business execution. In order to achieve sustainable growth and mid- to long- term improvement of business value, we are taking advantage of the abundant business experience of our internal directors, as well as the practical and specialized perspectives of our outside directors, working toward the realization of pertinent decision-making and management supervision.
Audit and Supervisory Committee
The three Audit and Supervisory Committee members with voting rights in the Board of Directors—including two outside directors—work to verify the circumstances and operating conditions of governance, as well as to optimize the functioning of the Board of Directors. Audit and Supervisory Committee members who are employed full-time attend important meetings and offer auditing and supervision of the Directors’ performance, including proffering their opinions on management as a whole, or on individual matters, from a fair and impartial standpoint. Further, members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee hold briefing sessions on a regular basis with the Internal Audit Office, which serves as the internal audit department, and provide instructions as the occasion demands in response to internal control assessment reports in connection with internal audits and financial reports. They also coordinate with the Account Auditor on a regular basis and, as needed, receive reports on the progress of audits, and proactively offer opinions and exchange information.
      Corporate Governance Structure
Number of meetings in fiscal 2018:
Management Committee
19 Appointment and Dismissal
Cooperation
Cooperation
Account Auditor Statement of Opinions
    Supervising
Report
Appointing, Removing, Supervising
The Company has set up the Management Committee, which is made up of the Directors of the Board in charge of business execution, Managing Executive Officers and higher-ranked Officers, to discuss business challenges more promptly and in greater detail. The role of the Management Committee is to support the Board of Directors.
Number of meetings 36 in fiscal 2018:
We have established a CSR Committee chaired by the President to improve the transparency and reliability of our business activities. It has four subcommittees: the Compliance Committee, Risk Management Committee, Environmental Management Committee, and Occupational Safety Committee, which consider various issues and offer proposals for improvement.
Number of meetings 15 in fiscal 2018:
Business Execution Structure
We have introduced an executive officer system in order to enhance the decision-making and supervisory functions of the Board of Directors, as well as to streamline and expedite business execution. Designated duties are performed under the instruction and supervision of the President and the Chief Executive Officer (CEO).General Shareholders’ Meeting
Appointment and Dismissal Appointment and DismissalBoard of Directors
Audit
   Directors of the Board
 Directors of the Board
(Members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee)
 Advising/ Supervising
   Outside Directors of the Board
(Members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee)
 Outside Directors of the Board
Audit and Supervisory Committee   Major Meetings Management Committee
Submit
Human Resources Committee Investment Committee
Committee of Internal Control over Financial Report
CSR Committee
• Compliance Committee
• Risk Management Committee
• Environmental Management Committee • Occupational Safety Committee
Director of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
Executive Officers, Operating Department, Affiliated Companies
Report
Internal Audit Office
       Audit CSR Committee
 signifies Business Execution.
30 / KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 / 31Environment
Society
Corporate Governance
Finance/Data Sections
Accounting Audits Cooperation
Instructions Report Report
 Corporate Governance
KPP Group has constructed a corporate governance system to ensure that decision-making is conducted in a transparent, fair, expeditious, and decisive manner with a balance between management supervision and business execution.
■ Roles of Independent Outside Directors
KPPʼs independent outside directors have several primary roles. One is to provide as-needed verification and evaluation of management performance and the status of activities undertaken by the management team with reference to the management strategy and management plan determined by the Board of Directors. They also judge the propriety of entrusting management of KPP to the current management team from a viewpoint considering shareholdersʼ common interests. Finally, they announce their findings.
The names and reasons for appointment for independent outside directors are shown below.
Officer Compensation
■ Basic Policy Regarding Compensation for Directors, etc.
1. The structure of compensation for directors, etc., takes into account not only their short term business achievements but also their contributions to increasing corporate value. The value they have provided will also
be shared with shareholders.
2. The amounts of compensation for directors, etc., are
determined in consideration of a balance of various
factors such as their achievements and industry trends.
3. The amount of compensation is determined by the board of directors, with pertinent participation and advice from independent outside directors, within the scope of total remuneration determined at General
Shareholders’ Meetings.
■ Compensation Structure
1. Compensation for directors (not including outside
directors, or directors who are members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee) consists of three categories: the “Basic Portion,” “Bonuses” and “Performance-Linked Stock-Based Compensation.”
2. Compensation for outside directors and directors who are members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee, however, consists of the “Basic Portion” only.
Tatsushi Yano
Outside Director
Mari Sagiya
Outside Director
Toshiro Kobayashi
Outside Director and Member of the Audit and Supervisory Committee
Yoshinari Nagashima
Outside Director and Member of the Audit and Supervisory Committee
Along with experience in overseas business for many years at operating companies (trading companies and manufacturers), Mr. Yano has held officer positions. We deemed him to be well- qualified as an outside director whose advice on KPP’s management and supervision of our business execution demonstrated promise due to his abundant experience with M&A (mergers and acquisitions), PMI (post-merger integration), business reorganization, and restructuring.
Along with experience in the business sector at the forefront of the IT industry, Ms. Sagiya has held officer positions. We deemed her to be well-qualified as an outside director whose advice on KPP’s management and supervision of our business execution demonstrated promise due to her specialized perspective in promoting and expanding the introduction of IT, like digital transformation.
Mr. Kobayashi is a certified public accountant and tax accountant, and he possesses considerable knowledge of finance, taxation and accounting. We deemed him to be well-qualified as an outside director and member of the Audit and Supervisory Committee on the basis of his abundant business experience and achievements.
Mr. Nagashima is qualified as a lawyer, possessing considerable knowledge of corporate law and other subjects. We deemed him to be well-qualified as an outside director and member of the Audit and Supervisory Committee on the basis of his abundant business experience and achievements.
   Name
 Reason for Appointment
      Based on compensation limits for directors (not including those who are members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee) and directors who are members of the Audit and Supervisory Committee that were voted on at the 144th Ordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 28, 2018, KPP has established the following compensation totals for each category of officer, compensation totals by category, and number of applicable officers during fiscal 2018.
                Officer Classifications
Directors2
Audit and Supervisory Committee members and Outside Directors excluded
Audit and Supervisory Committee members Outside directors excluded
Outside Directors
Analysis and Evaluation of the Board of Directors’ Efficiency
KPP has analyzed and evaluated the Board of Directors’ efficiency, as described below, in order to improve the functioning of the Board of Directors.
4 /10
Compensation Totals1
Basic Compensation
Compensation Totals by Category
Bonuses
Performance- Linked Stock-Based Compensation3
Retirement Allowances3
Number of Applicable Officers
        239
176
37
22
3
         39
38
-
-
0
 In order to analyze and evaluate the Board of Directors’ efficiency, KPP Group cooperated with an outside organization to survey all directors, and then deliberated on the findings, having shared the results with the Board of Directors. As a result, the evaluation was made that, on the whole, the Board of Directors’ efficiency was being ensured to satisfaction.
Still, as a future issue, in order to further demonstrate the Board of Directors’ monitoring and supervisory functions, opinions were raised regarding the need to consider establishing topics to be discussed by the Board to ensure time to deliberate on topics of greater importance. Going forward, we will improve on the necessary considerations and strive to ensure higher efficiency.
       20 19 -
-
8
2 0 3
 (Note) 1. The officer salary portions of compensation for employee-directors are not included in total amount of compensation.
2. Three directors who retired during fiscal 2018 are included in the number of directors. Also, the amounts of compensation for
these three directors, for the time they held their positions during fiscal 2018, are included in the amount of compensation. 3. At the conclusion of the 144th Ordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 28, 2018, we abolished the retirement
allowance system and introduced a new performance-linked stock-based compensation.
Outside Directors
Unit: Million yen
Unit: Person
  KPP considers securing managerial independence to be of great importance for the protection of general shareholders. Accordingly, we have formulated our own Criteria for Assessing the Independence of Outside Directors.
At present, we have appointed four independent outside directors.
                    32 / KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2019 / 33
(as of June 30, 2019)
   Environment Society Corporate Governance Finance/Data Sections

CSR Committee
KPP Group established a CSR Committee in 2013. It is chaired by the President and has as members the chairpersons and vice-chairpersons of its subcommittees. The CSR Committee receives annual reports and information on the status of activities by its subcommittees—the Compliance Committee, Risk Management Committee, Environmental Management Committee, and Occupational Safety Committee—and considers topics for improvement on an as-needed basis, working to improve and energize CSR activities comprehensively. In the event that a serious situation were to occur regarding compliance with laws and regulations, the President would himself undertake appropriate disclosure of information to society and demonstrate accountability by working to promptly resolve the issue. Also striving to identify the cause and prevent recurrence of the issue, he would clarify where authority and responsibility lies, and respond rigorously without excepting himself.
  CSR Organizational Structure
Activities Performing actions related to Performing actions related to business continuity compliance with laws and regulations management (BCM) and information security
BCM Subcommittee
Performing actions related to BCM and business continuity planning (BCP)
■ Compliance Committee
Themes for the fiscal year under review: Continue to comply with laws, regulations, and company rules (working toward widespread recognition of the importance of compliance) Activities in the fiscal year under review: In addition to providing ongoing training for employees to raise their awareness of compliance, including education on the prevention of insider trading, in order to ensure that business management places a premium on earning trust, we have established a Compliance Committee, and worked to improve its structure as well as to maintain and enhance its effectiveness. Also, the committee revised the manual that provides guidelines on compliance with a diverse range of business-related laws, regulations, company rules, etc., and ongoing compliance training was provided for all employees.
We have also set up an internal reporting counter in order to promote the early discovery and expeditious response to actions that may violate laws, regulations, or business ethics. Those who file reports will not suffer detrimental treatment due to reports or consultations made through this counter.
■ Risk Management Committee
Themes for the fiscal year under review: Continuation and maintenance of company-wide BCP and identification, analysis, and evaluation of risks
Performing actions related to the environment
Performing actions related to human resources and laborCSR CommitteeChairperson: Madoka Tanabe, Director of the Board, President and CEO Committee Members: Chairpersons and Vice-Chairpersons of Each Committee Activities: General deliberations on CSR, consideration of social contribution activities
     Compliance Committee
Risk Management Committee
Environmental Management Committee
Occupational Safety Committee
   Information Security SubcommitteePerforming actions related to information security34 / KPP INTEGRATED REPORT 2019
Activities in the fiscal year under review: Maintained the business continuity plan (revised BCP manuals and so on for each location, and conducted employee safety confirmation tests for disaster scenarios); conducted evacuation drills envisioning disaster scenarios at various locations, coordinating with the BCM Subcommittee; coordinated ongoing awareness-building activities on information security and bolstered security measures with the Information Security Subcommittee, linking these efforts with improvement activities.
■ Environmental Management Committee
Themes for the fiscal year under review: Maintaining ISO 14001- based environmental activities, along with business- aligned environmental activities.
Activities in the fiscal year under review: Worked toward the improvement and maintenance of our environmental management system and invigorated environment-related communication.
■ Occupational Safety Committee
Themes for the fiscal year under review: Implementation and consideration of actions to ensure the safety and enrichment of the workplace environment.
Activities in the fiscal year under review: Continued to hold periodic meetings of the Safety and Health Committee, based on the frameworks ensuring safety and health at each location, and implemented measures to manage overtime labor and eliminate unpaid overtime.