   https://www.daicel.com/en/
This report uses paper certified by the Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC), including materials from responsibly managed forests and other controlled sources.
This report has been prepared using ink that does not contain volatile organic compounds(VOCs).
Thoughts on the cover photo of camphor tree
The times are changing from a society that consumes a large amount of fossil fuels, which is finite, to a society that circulates renewable resources. Daicel has set up a plan to make effective use of wood, which is a renewable carbon material, and to contribute to the construction of a new industrial ecosystem centered on forests, in which nature and industry are in harmony. We are confident that we will be able to create technology that can realize this concept because we have been based on naturally derived raw materials, such as the celluloid business, which uses camphor as a raw material, as our business foundation. We will continue to move forward with customers and partners who share our values.
DAICEL REPORT
2021 Sustainable Value Together
 Daicel Corporation
Inquiries:
Investor Relations & Corporate Communications JR Shinagawa East Bldg., 2-18-1, Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-8230, Japan
Tel: +81-3-6711-8121
Fax: +81-3-6711-8100
 Printed in Japan
DAICEL Report 2021
   Basic Philosophy
Sustainable Value
The company making lives better by co-creating value
In the 1900s, Japan began producing raw materials for celluloid,
which was applied to a broad range of household items that improved the quality of people’s lives. However, the special procurement boom caused by World War I led to a proliferation of domestic celluloid manufacturers and intense competition, resulting in a decline in quality from the mass production of inferior products and the indiscriminate felling of camphor trees.
Eight leading manufacturers concerned about the situation sought to restructure the industry by merging to form Dainippon Celluloid Co., Ltd., the predecessor of today’s Daicel Corporation. This merger made it possible to manage raw material resources, stabilize production and quality, and nurture processing companies in the downstream industry, thereby laying the foundation for a manufacturer boasting the top share of global celluloid shipments.
Furthermore, research for fireproofing celluloid, which was conducted alongside the merger,
laid the foundation for developing a chemical industry in Japan that generates diverse materials.
While Daicel’s business and organization have significantly changed since its founding a hundred years ago, the spirit of applying the power of chemistry to improve daily life has remained unchanged.
Just as the eight celluloid companies joined hands to enrich society, Daicel will work with customers and partners to develop a sustainable society.
Moreover, we will continue to change the future for the better through the power of chemistry by remaining true to our aspirations as a company that make lives better by co-creating value.
Together
  Left: compression process at the Aboshi Plant
Top Right: Sakai Celluloid Co., Ltd. (later called the Sakai Plant) at the time of the merger
Bottom Right: commemorative photograph during Japan Celluloid Artificial Co., Ltd. era (currently the Aboshi Plant)
02 DAICEL REPORT 2021
 Sustainable Management Policy
Upon a firm foundation of safety, quality and compliance, the Daicel Group will realize our basic philosophy by both contributing to the establishment of a sustainable society and pursuing business growth with integrity, tireless efforts and self-transformation.
We create and provide people with new values to achieve better quality of life.
We construct a circular process with all our stakeholders to make harmonious coexistence with the environment.
We promote “human-centered management” that enables diverse employees to grow while establishing their own presence and achieving fulfillment.
       DAICEL REPORT 2021 03
  
DAICEL REPORT 2021
CONTENTS
The company making lives better by
co-creating value 02
Value Creation Milestones 06 Value Creation Process 08 Message from the President and CEO
We Contribute to Building a Circular Society
with Partners that Share Our Aspirations 10
Special Feature 1: Accelerate 2025-II Mid-Term Management Strategy
Realizing a Sustainable Society While Achieving Sustainable Business Expansion 14
Financial Strategy 16 Sustainable Product 18 Sustainable Process 20 Sustainable People   22
Special Feature 2: Creating a Cycle of Happiness with Our Autonomous Production System 24
Sustainability Management 38 Identifying Key Sustainability Issues (Materiality) 40 Environmental Report
Response to Climate Change 42
Reducing Environmental Impact 43 Social Report
Respect for Human Rights 44 Sustainable Procurement 45 Promoting Diversity and Inclusion 46
Process Safety and
Occupational Health and Safety 47
Chemicals Safety and Product Quality 47 Roundtable Discussion with Outside Directors
Expectations for the Mid-Term Management Strategy and the Importance of Risk Management 48
Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board
Members, and Executive Officers 52
Governance
Corporate Governance 54 Corporate Ethics (Compliance) 58 Risk Management 59
Financial/Nonfinancial Highlights 60 Financial Information 62 Corporate Information 70 Company Data/Stock Information 72 Independent Third Party Assurance Report 73
■ Entities within the Scope of Reporting
The report covers initiatives of Daicel Group companies and those of other companies as noted. The following terms are used in the report.
•Daicel/We/Our: Daicel Corporation
•Group companies: Subsidiaries of Daicel Corporation
•Daicel Group/The Group: Daicel Corporation and its subsidiaries
The following terms are used in the report on environmental and occupational safety and health.
•Daicel Group/The Group: Business sites of Daicel Corporation and its subsidiaries •Daicel’s business sites: Daicel Corporation’s plants and research institutes as well as
domestic Group companies operating on the premises of Daicel’s business sites (not
including the headquarters)
•Domestic Group companies: business sites of the domestic Group companies operating
outside the premises of Daicel’s business sites
•Overseas Group companies: business sites of Daicel’s overseas Group companies.
The scope of the Group companies for reporting varies depending on the content of the initiatives. Refer to the following websites for more details.
Scope of reporting for human resources and governance data
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/other/boundary.html
Scope of reporting for environmental and occupational safety and health data
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/other/responsible.html
■ Reporting Period
FY2021/3 (April 2020 to March 2021)
Note: The reporting period for environmental and occupational safety and health data for overseas Group companies
is from January through December 2020, except for
the environmental data of overseas subsidiaries of Polyplastics Co., Ltd.
■ Guidelines Used for Reference •International Integrated Reporting Framework,
International Integrated Reporting Council •Guidance for Integrated Corporate Disclosure and
Company- Investor Dialogues for Collaborative Value
Creation, Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) •Sustainability Reporting Standards
2016/2018/2019/2020, GRI
■ Publication Schedule
October 2021 (previous edition: September 2020, next edition: October 2022)
The information released on our website may be updated as necessary, even after publication of the report in October 2021.
Note: We stated the schedule of the Japanese version until the previous report, and from this report onward, the schedule indicates that for the English version.
  Editorial Policies
The Daicel Group announced its Long-Term Vision and Mid-Term Management Strategy in FY2021/3 to clearly state its intention of enhancing corporate value centered on the three concepts of Sustainable Product, Sustainable Process, and Sustainable People toward its goal of contributing to building a circular society. As a communication tool to gain more alliances and cooperation from our stakeholders, we publish “Daicel Report 2021,” which integrates financial and nonfinancial information. Under the Sustainability section of our corporate website, we disclose comprehensive and detailed information on the Group’s sustainability initiatives. As these reports are important tools for communicating with our various stakeholders, we keep in mind during the editing process that both the report and website must be easy to read, easy to understand, and proactive in terms of reporting on our CSR activities.
Daicel Group’s Sustainability Site
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/
  Philosophy
Conceptual Framework for Daicel Group Values
Chapter III Foundation of Value Creation
      Chapter I
Value Creation by the Daicel Group
                     This report contains business strategies, financial information, and ESG initiatives (nonfinancial information) that are closely related to business strategies. We provide a comprehensive report including further details of nonfinancial information in the “Sustainability” section of our corporate website.
Sustainability
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/
Outline
Details
Specialized
General
■ Reporting through the Daicel Report
Report centered on business strategies
■ Reporting through the website
Comprehensive report of nonfinancial information
    Corporate Profile
Financial Information/Corporate Information
  Chapter II Businesses and Growth Strategies
     Disclaimer and Caution with Respect to Forward-Looking Statements
As the sole purpose of this report is the provision of information to readers, in no way does the Company intend to solicit readers to take a certain action through this publication. Although the Company compiled this report based on information available to it and deemed trustworthy at the time of its issuance, the content of the report inherently includes a number of risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, Daicel provides no guarantee to the accuracy or integrity of information therein. When readers intend to use any part of information contained in this report, they are advised to use their own discretion. Daicel shall bear no responsibility whatsoever to readers about damage, loss or other negative outcomes attributable to their investment decisions that relied on forecasts, numerical targets and other forward-looking statements featured in this report.
Business Overview 26 Medical/Healthcare 28 Smart 30 Safety 32 Materials 34 Engineering Plastics 36
       04 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 05

 Chapter I: Value Creation by the Daicel Group
Value Creation Milestones
Since its founding in 1919, the Daicel Group has been playing its part in the development of Japan’s economy and enrichment of society. Our history has been one of growing alongside society by offering chemical technologies to meet its ever-changing needs.
I. From Our Founding to the Formation of Core Technologies
Development of Our Founding Celluloid Business
Daicel’s predecessors, Sakai Celluloid Co., Ltd. (later the Sakai Plant) and Japan Celluloid Artificial Co., Ltd. (currently the Aboshi Plant), were the first in Japan to mass produce celluloid. Since then, celluloid has contributed to enriching daily life as the raw material for various everyday necessities from the Taisho period (1912 to 1926) up to the early Showa period (around the 1930s). Daicel was established in 1919 as eight celluloid manufacturers came together in a grand merger to eliminate excessive competition at home, stop the indiscriminate cutting of camphor trees that provided the raw material, and cultivate the processing industry. By achieving growth alongside our partners, we boasted the world’s highest quality and largest production volume in the early Showa period. Growing together is a principle we have held dear to this day.
Development of the Celluloid Business and Start of the Organic Chemicals Business
Cellulose nitrate, the raw material for celluloid, was also used as a raw material for the commercial production of film for movies and photographs in Europe and U.S. Since our founding, we were determined to realize domestic production of photograph film and pursued research in that area. As a result, we established and launched the commercial operations of Fuji Photo Film Co., Ltd. (currently FUJIFILM Corporation) in 1934. Meanwhile, the flammability of cellulose nitrate was a weakness of celluloid and photographic film. To overcome this, we continued the research into cellulose acetate we had begun after our founding. In 1938, we began integrated production from acetic acid to cellulose acetate at the newly completed Arai Plant, thus laying the foundation for organic chemistry and cellulose chemistry, which remain our cornerstone technologies to this day.
  Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  III. Reinforcement of the Operational Infrastructure and Creation of New Businesses
Reinforcement of the Acetic Acid Business
On top of the structural recession caused by the oil shock, Daicel faced harsh management conditions due to the changing environment surrounding our founding business of celluloid and a slump in the synthetic glycerin business following large-scale investments. Under these circumstances, in 1980 we began commercial production of acetic acid through the methanol carbonylation process, which was the cutting-edge technology at the time. This enabled us to enter the C1 chemicals business and restructure the industry, thereby bolstering the international competitiveness of acetic acid, which remains the core product and raw material of our businesses.
Creation of New Businesses
While reinforcing the infrastructure of our core businesses, we also sought to create new ones by developing these seeds, mainly at the Central Research Center (currently the Innovation Park). One research theme was the development of columns with an optical isomer resolution function (chiral columns), which can be used to separate substances in pharmaceuticals that may cause undesirable side effects. Daicel began research by taking advantage of Osaka University’s invention and commercialized the technology in 1982. We also converted our pyrotechnic device technology that had been developed for defense-related purposes since the end of World War II for civilian use, such as commercializing automobile airbag inflators in 1988, and started mass production at the Harima Plant.
  II. Business Expansion Expansion of the Cellulose Business
After years of joint research with Fuji Photo Film toward fireproofing films for movies and photography and adding advanced properties, we began manufacturing tri-acetate cellulose (TAC) in 1953. TAC was later applied to protective film for LCDs and achieved significant growth in the 2000s. We also worked with the Nippon Monopoly Corporation (currently Japan Tobacco Inc.) on the domestic production of cigarette filters and began manufacturing acetate tow processed from cellulose acetate in 1958.
Entry into the Petrochemical Business
In response to the rise of the petrochemical industry during the period of rapid economic growth, we participated in Japan’s first petrochemical complex and established Dainippon Kasei Co., Ltd. (currently the Ohtake Plant) in 1961 and expanded the scope of our chemicals business. In the synthetic resin business, the Sakai Plant began manufacturing AS resin and ABS resin, while the Kanzaki Plant launched its polypropylene (PP) film business. In 1964, Polyplastics Corporation was established
as a joint venture with a U.S. company. As the pioneering manufacturer of engineering plastics, Polyplastics expanded its business by attentively serving our customers and discovering their emerging need for metal replacement.
 06 DAICEL REPORT 2021
 IV. Globalization and the DAICEL Production Innovation
Advances in Globalization
We planned to shift our strategy from quantitative expansion to a high-value-added business model in the wake of two oil shocks and sought to develop a global market for our high-performance products by setting up local subsidiaries with marketing functions in the U.S. and Europe in 1984 and in Asia in 1989. As the economy became increasingly globalized and borderless in the 1990s and 2000s, we accelerated business development for products such as engineering plastics, chiral columns, acetate tow, and inflators around the world.
Birth of the DAICEL Production Innovation
Faced with the pressing need for a generational shift and handing down skills in our workforce ahead of the massive mandatory retirement, while already contending with a strong yen and cost competition due to globalization, we launched the DAICEL Production Innovation at the Aboshi Plant in 1996 as a completely new approach for significantly improving productivity and bolstering the manufacturing infrastructure. By stabilizing facilities, standardizing operations, and building systems, productivity tripled and labor was reduced by 60% at
the plant, and the method was subsequently deployed across the company. In 2020, we developed the Autonomous Production System as the next evolution of DAICEL Production Innovation by utilizing AI in an effort to further raise productivity. (Please see page 24 for more information.)
 DAICEL REPORT 2021 07
 
      Chapter I: Value Creation by the Daicel Group
Value Creation Process
Under its Basic Philosophy and Priority Foundations of Corporate Activity, the Daicel Group will continue to contribute to people’s happiness by advancing value co-creation based on its Sustainable Management Policy to expand the scope of partnerships.
 Basic Philosophy
The company making lives better by co-creating value Sustainable Value Together
     Trends in Social Change
Response to climate change, prevention of environmental pollution
Depletion of resources and effective use of resources
Global population growth and ongoing aging of society
Pursuit of safety and security Evolution of digital technologies (IoT, AI) Global social change, diverse values
Advancing Value Co-Creation
shown in the Mid-Term Management Strategy
Strengthen foundations of growth
Long-Term Vision DAICEL VISION 4.0 Embodying the Basic Philosophy
        Other
Engineering Plastics
Medical / Healthcare
Accelerate growth of the Daicel Group
Create even greater social value
      Health
Safety/Security
Convenience/ Comfort
Environment
Smart
Safety
    Operation of the Cross-Value Chain
              Materials
Value-providing SBUs* Material-providing SBUs*
OP-I
Our Company
OP-II Group
OP-III Partner
       Enhance corporate value by co-creating value (happiness)
Corporate Strategy
Initiatives to Realize Cross-Value Chain
Business Creation
Business Strategy
     Business Portfolio
   Production
Digital Transformation
Accelerate 2025
Mid-Term Management Strategy
Management Goals
Change! Challenge! Human Resources
 Functional Strategy
Enhance profitability and business creation capability of Daicel Corporation
Company creating businesses that address social needs
Enhance profitability and business creation capability of the Daicel Group
 Group that can co-create with other companies
Establishment of a co-creation scheme with partners
  Shift to a market-in organization
Transformation into a market-in Group entity
  Daicel Group’s Strengths
Diverse technologies Diverse products Ability to utilize systems Diverse human resources
Technology and knowledge accumulated over its 100-year history
Global network
Improvement of the corporate culture
Full-scale efforts to create new businesses
        * Strategic Business Units
08 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 09
Priority Foundations of Corporate Activity
Safety, Quality and Compliance
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  Providing happiness in four domains:
1. Health 2. Safety/Security 3. Convenience/Comfort 4. Environment
Implementation of carbon offsets and energy offsets Realization of the Biomass Product Tree
Formation of the New Business Group
Running virtual companies within the Group
Sustainable Product Sustainable Process
Sustainable People
Human-centered Management
Sustainable Management Policy

 Chapter I: Value Creation by the Daicel Group
Message from the President and CEO
  Yoshimi Ogawa
President and CEO, Daicel Corporation
We Contribute to Building a Circular Society with Partners that Share Our Aspirations
For over a century, Daicel has been building on its cellulose business, a naturally derived material. Amid growing expectations for social change toward a circular society, we will take advantage of our accumulated technologies developed over the years and take on the challenges of a transforming society by combining our collective wisdom.
 Actions to Reinforce Our Foundation during the COVID-19 Pandemic
In FY2021/3, the spread of COVID-19 limited what we could do, and the global economic outlook remained uncertain. While these circumstances regrettably caused sales to decline, we took action to address the pandemic and forged ahead to reinforce the Daicel Group and generate profit for the first time in four fiscal years.
Along with thoroughly reducing costs in our existing businesses, we sought to retreat from unprofitable products such as those related to defense and relocate and consolidate production bases that were no longer profitable in order
to become a more robust organization. We also turned Polyplastics Co., Ltd. (Polyplastics) into a wholly owned subsidiary and reviewed the governance of the Daicel Group as a whole to restructure Daicel’s businesses and create a competitive organization that could respond promptly to social needs.
Reflecting on the past year, I realize that I had required the
roughly 12,000 employees of the Daicel Group around the world to adapt to significant changes. Nevertheless, Directors and employees worked closely together to overcome the hardships of the pandemic. I feel we have made solid progress toward our goal of evolving into a corporate group that can respond much more quickly and flexibly to external factors.
Daicel’s Unique Contribution to a Circular Society
We took a closer look at the “Accelerate 2025” Mid-Term Management Strategy announced in June 2020 and re- launched “Accelerate 2025-II ” this fiscal year. The strategy is underpinned by our steadfast determination to execute the new Long-Term Vision and Mid-Term Management Strategy based
Please see Special Feature 1, entitled Accelerate 2025-II, on page 14.
on our Sustainability Management Policy (Sustainable Product, Sustainable Process, and Sustainable People).
As a materials manufacturer, we believe it is not enough for Daicel to contribute to society by simply making good products; the manufacturing process itself must be sustainable. Products made by people (employees) with a sense of fulfilment will bring happiness to everyone and society as a whole. Moreover, the products should be made through a process both people and eco-friendly. We are convinced this will create a sense of pride and confidence among workers and create new value.
For example, cellulose, which represents one of Daicel's strengths, is a naturally derived biomass material. The process of separating cellulose from pulp, however, consumes an enormous amount of energy, undeniably placing a burden on the natural environment. This is the reason why we have been exploring methods for drastically improving the process. As a result of joint research with universities, we have developed a technology for separating cellulose using less energy with a lower burden on the environment.
Furthermore, the technology will enable us to separate other useful raw materials for chemical products that had
previously been disposed of and burned as waste. This realization of new Biomass Product Tree has opened up the possibility of using renewable biomass to create new materials that can replace or supplement conventional petroleum-
based chemicals. Although the technology is currently at the research stage, it may also be applicable to waste generated by agriculture and fisheries. With this technology, economic activity in the secondary industry could contribute to revitalizing and reinforcing primary industries. Daicel is proposing the establishment of a sustainable society based on a new industrial ecosystem of collaboration between the primary and secondary industries.
Japan is a country rich in nature, with roughly 70% of its land covered by forests. If we could use these forests as a renewable resource through a waste-free process that is also environmentally sound, we would be able to contribute to building a circular society unique to Japan to enhance the value
Please see “Sustainable Process” on page 20.
             10 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 11
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
   
Chapter I: Value Creation by the Daicel Group
􏰐􏰏􏰎􏰍􏰌􏰋􏰊􏰌􏰉􏰈􏰇 􏰅􏰄􏰃􏰂􏰇􏰎􏰎 Achieving goals with environmentally and people friendly methods New biomass product tree that DAICEL aims for
means that engineers at both Daikin and Daicel have taken different approaches to manufacturing. If both sides were to place all their cards on the table during joint development,
the pace of development would significantly accelerate and ultimately lead to the creation of products that meet the precise needs of end-users. Daicel handles materials upstream, while Daikin processes that material downstream. We engaged in this project with frankness, sharing corporate know-how that would be kept secret under normal circumstances, and each company has become one step in the process in the common value chain. By forming such a virtual company, we were able to amplify our strengths and complement each other, which allowed us to accelerate the pace of research and maximize results.
Rather than limiting collaboration to mutually supplying products from upstream to downstream within the vertical supply chain, we seek to enhance shared value by collaborating laterally with companies moving in the same direction, including competitors. Our goal is to realize a sustainable society while simultaneously expanding our sustainable businesses by constructing a cross-value chain that flexibly expands the network beyond organizational boundaries.
Please see “Sustainable Product” on page 18.
Key Themes for Accelerating Corporate Growth
As we begin to fully mobilize toward achieving the Mid-Term Management Strategy in FY2022/3, we will lay the foundation for constructing this cross-value chain by combining the wisdom of the entire Group to more effectively deploy the broad range of businesses, resources, and assets owned by the Daicel Group. We will first place priority on more extensively collaborating with Polyplastics, which is now a wholly owned subsidiary. Polyplastics handles engineering plastics such as Polyacetal (POM), which is enjoying growing demand in various areas, including for automobiles and electronic components. We will make solid investments in increasing production capacity in this area to drive Daicel Group growth while minimizing costs.
I view this transition of Polyplastics into a wholly owned subsidiary as a process of integration. While paying due recognition to the brand cultivated by Polyplastics over
the years, we can generate a synergy that will broaden the possibilities of our business through mutual respect and learning. Additionally, we will enhance our respective corporate value as we seek to maximize the synergistic effect.
Please see “Financial Strategy” on page 16.
  Petrochemical product tree
Existing biomass product tree
New Biomass Product Tree
c r r
Raw materials
Limited underground resources that increase the amount of carbon on the ground
Producible raw materials with high environmental load
Manufacturing process
Wasteless process sophisticatedly established all at once
Partially utilizes as raw materials with high energy cost process
Products
Wide-ranging and sophisticated functionality
Functionality relatively lower than petrochemical products
 Sophisticated functionality equivalent to petrochemicals
  Plastics Fibers/Rubbers Paints/Solvent Functional materials Materials of new genre
  Biomass raw
materials
 ・Wood ・Agricultural and
 fishery wastes, etc
   Biodegradability
Waste
・Waste plastics ・Municipal refuse
       Producible raw material that can realize a recycling-oriented society
Super mild melting
・Syngas
New simple process that is both economic and ecological
       Wholly liquified raw material
Chemical conversion
Separation
CO2
volume. This more compact process will also considerably reduce energy use by eliminating the need for owning excess equipment.
Once we have thoroughly reduced CO2 emissions, we must develop commercially viable technologies and processes for the effective use of CO2 as a fundamental solution to climate change. Daicel’s nanodiamond technology could be used to enhance the reduction of CO2 to CO. It would also make this process less expensive and more effective. I am convinced we can realize this technology in the not-too-distant future, once Japanese industries implement an all-out research effort.
With regard to carbon neutrality, a company alone can achieve a great deal, as I have pointed out a number of
times. In regard to the previously mentioned joint research on cellulose, I am convinced we will be able to generate results that exceed our expectations using fewer assets, once we combine our respective strengths in a collective effort to tackle major challenges through industry-academia-government collaboration involving multiple organizations.
We are making steady progress on the virtual company and Cross-Value Chain concepts included in our Mid-Term Management Strategy. Our joint development project with Daikin Industries, Ltd. (Daikin) is an excellent example of producing maximum profit at minimum cost through co- creation. In this project, we jointly developed a total heat exchange-type element coated with a permeable membrane that reduces energy consumption by achieving high heat exchange rates as well as realizing a low pressure loss filter. One of Daikin's strengths is its metal processing technology, whereas Daicel excels in chemical materials production, which
    Domestic irculation of aw material
Next-generation ・CO
methanol
 esources
   Forest resources Agricultural and fishery resources
People are the Foundation of Sustainable Growth
Our Mid-Term Management Strategy will ultimately be embodied by people. Even 10 to 20 years of continuing increases in sales and profit would be worthless should employees be unhappy. I would go so far as to say that the very existence of Daicel would be meaningless unless profit obtained through its business were returned to shareholders and employees as well as reinvested in businesses that serve society.
Management must fulfill the key responsibilities of creating a fulfilling work environment and returning profits to employees. Daicel has just completed a major reform of its personnel system for managers for the first time in 20 years. We will follow up in the next fiscal year by expanding reforms to include non- managerial personnel. We have introduced a multiple-track
job grade system by eliminating seniority to enable exceptional promotions while also revising the evaluation and compensation structure toward raising lifetime wages. We have also adopted a stock-based rewards for managerial personnel as well as Directors. To ensure that employees feel pride in the company and enjoy a fulfilling work life, we will support individuals who take on challenges without fear of failure under a fair and credible new evaluation system.
We believe that the happiness of each employee and their families is essential for bringing happiness to society as a whole. We will contribute to realizing a sustainable society by consistently upholding Human-Centered Management so that all Group employees experience fulfillment and work with vitality.
Please see “Sustainable People” on page 22.
    of our natural bounty while also maintaining affluent lifestyles. I believe this is precisely the concept of co-existing with nature that the Japanese people have traditionally cherished.
Daicel, which had its starting point in naturally derived materials, such as cotton and pulp, is ideally suited for performing this task, and I believe this is our mission.
The aim of the Biomass Value Chain, mentioned in the Mid- Term Management Strategy, is to realize a sustainable society that is uniquely Japanese. Of course, Daicel will not be able to achieve this goal alone. We will plan to advance with partners and customers who share our values.
Creating New Value through Co-Creation
We hope to contribute to realizing our long-term, carbon- and energy-offset goals by clarifying how Daicel can apply its unique strengths and offer more effective methods.
For example, Daicel is flexibly using power generated
at the Ohtake Plant by sharing excess electricity within the Group through self-consignment. We could further reduce energy consumption of the entire chain by extending this effective use of electricity across the entire supply chain. We are also collaborating with a university to develop new process technologies that require smaller equipment for processes such as chemical reactions and refining. The downsized manufacturing process will provide greater control over production capacity by enabling us to increase or decrease the use of equipment according to the required production
          12 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 13
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
   Functionalization
Carbon offset

 Chapter I: Value Creation by the Daicel Group
   Special Feature
1
Realizing a Sustainable Society While Achieving Sustainable Business Expansion
In FY2021/3, the Daicel Group formulated its Long-Term Vision DAICEL VISION 4.0 and its Mid-Term Management Strategy Accelerate 2025, which is based on the vision. The core concept is to follow our Sustainable Management Policy to expand the scope of co-creation from Daicel Corporation to its Group companies and then suppliers and customers in our supply chain, and thus serve society by providing value that transcends the efforts of any single company.
This special feature provides an overview of our Long-Term Vision and Mid-Term Management Strategy and explains our strategies and initiatives in terms of products, manufacturing processes, and employees.
■ How the Long-Term Vision Expresses Daicel’s Resolve
Accelerate 2025-II Mid-Term Management Strategy
 • States the direction of the company's growth toward delivering valuable products and services to society, in ways that care for people and environment, while providing a sense of pride and fulfillment for employees
• Confirms that growth will be achieved by strengthening the competitiveness of the Daicel Group and the number of partners who share our aspirations to deliver even greater value to society
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  Main Initiatives Outlined in the Mid-Term Management Strategy
In our Mid-Term Management Strategy, we sought to realize the three elements of the Sustainable Management Policy by categorizing concrete initiatives for each Operation described in the Long-Term Vision under the “Company-wide strategy,” “Business strategy,” and “Functional strategy.”
 Key Points of the Company- wide strategy
Key Points of the Business strategy
Key Points of the Functional strategy
• Business selection and concentration through portfolio management
• Raise management efficiency by comprehensively reducing assets and costs (asset light strategy)
• Explore social needs and latent customer demand to develop new businesses and applications through organizational restructuring
• Create autonomous self-propelled organizations by delegating authority to quickly and flexibly take actions to meet the needs of their immediate markets and customers
• Realize the Cross-Value Chain by seeking business collaborations and M&A across supply chains both vertically and horizontally
• Business creation strategy: strengthen exploration of social needs through independent R (research) and D (development) and proactive use of intellectual property
• Production strategy: engage in a thorough effort to reduce costs and boost productivity
• DX strategy: realize virtual companies by constructing a digital architecture
• Personnel strategy: enable diverse human resources to shine, and provide a personnel system that
rewards effort
  Path to Becoming a Company Making Lives Better by Co-Creating Value
The Long-Term Vision defines our path to construction of a co-creation entity in three Operations (OP).
Goals of the Long-Term Vision and Mid-Term Management Strategy
By pursuing our Long-Term Vision and Mid-Term Management Strategy, we hope to ultimately deliver happiness to individuals and all of society as a company that contributes to building a circular society.
   OP-I
Time
Establish co-creation scheme with partner companies.
Become a group entity that can co-create with other companies.
Become a company that creates businesses by accurately grasping social needs.
      OP-I: Our Company
Become a company that creates businesses by accurately grasping social needs.
OP-II: Group
OP-III: Partner
Establish a co-creation scheme.
Increase our company’s profitability and ability to create business.
Complete preparation for transforming into a market-in organization.
Increase our group’s profitability and ability to create business.
Turn into a market-in type group entity.
Virtual company in the group starts operation.
Cross-Value Chain starts to work.
Initiatives for new business creation start.
Transform industrial value.
Become a group entity that can co-create with other companies.
OP-III
OP-II
 Formation of a New Business Group (Value Co-Creation Entity)
We will establish partnerships across departments, companies, and industries to co-create through a shared philosophy.
Provision of Happiness in Four Domains
We will provide new value in the business domains of Health, Safety/Security, Convenience/ Comfort (Smart), and Environment, where we can meet social needs by applying the strengths of the Daicel Group.
Realization of New Biomass Product Trees
As our mission as a chemical company founded on cellulose, we will utilize dormant forest resources in Japan as a renewable resource to realize new product derivatives based on wood as the raw material while ensuring that both products and production processes are environmentally sound.
Implementation of Carbon Offsets and Energy Offsets
We will seek to reduce the burden on the global environment by creating mechanisms that maximize the efficiency of energy use and by developing technologies that enable the reuse and effective use of emitted carbon and energy.
Contributing to Building a Circular Society
    14 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 15
Corporate value

 Chapter I: Value Creation by the Daicel Group
  Special Feature 1 Mid-Term Management Strategy “Accelerate 2025-II”
Financial Strategy
Meeting the FY2026/3 Management ROIC Target to at Least 10% to Maximize Asset Efficiency and Enhance Corporate Value
Daicel adopted ROIC as a key new management target for the latest Mid-Term Management Strategy. During the period covered by this strategy, we will accelerate profit growth by aggressively extending 210 billion yen in capital investment to boost production of main products and set up production sites. Meanwhile, we will seek to raise productivity by carefully selecting investment projects, improving CCC and steadily selling cross-holding shares under an asset light policy and by thoroughly cutting costs to achieve the ROIC target of at least 10% by FY2026/3, the final year of the Mid-Term Management Strategy. We will also seek to optimize the capital structure to realize returns that exceed capital costs (WACC for the final fiscal year is estimated at around 6%).
The results of the Mid-Term Management Strategy and targets for management indicators are summarized below. Please see page p.26 for business strategies by segment.
(billion yen) (billion yen)
       FY2021/3 Results
393.6
FY2026/3
FY2021/3 Results
FY2026/3
    Net Sales
Operating Income
Net Sales
Operating Income
    Net Sales
500.0
Medical/Healthcare
16.2
1.6
25.0
3.0
        Operating Income
31.7
70.0
Smart
24.7
3.4
45.0
8.0
     Safety
       Income Attributable to Owners of Parent
19.7
48.0
Materials
67.2
2.2
100.0
   105.0
15.0
  104.2
17.9
25.0
     Engineering Plastics
168.6
21.2
217.0
35.0
        Others
 EBITDA
 58.6
 116.0
 ROE
 6.6%
 18.0%
 ROIC
  4.1%
  10.0%
 ROA
 3.2%
 8.0%
 Total
Notes:
ROIC: Return On Invested Capital; CCC: Cash Conversion Cycle; WACC: Weighted Average Cost of Capital; EBITDA: Earnings Before Interest Taxes Depreciation and Amortization; ROE: Return On Equity; ROA: Return On Assets
12.7
1.5
8.0
500.0
1.5
     Corporate
—
–16.1
—
–17.5
     393.6
31.7
70.0
      Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  Portfolio Management
The Daicel Group comprises a diverse array of businesses based on its core technologies of cellulose chemistry, organic chemistry, polymer chemistry and pyrotechnic technologies. Under the Medium-Term Management Strategy, we consolidated these into 32 businesses and categorized them into next generation, growth, foundation and reform based on industrial growth, competitive environment, sales growth, operating profit and business characteristics. We will prioritize resource allocation to raise the proportion of business categorized as “next generation” and “growth” in terms of net sales and operating income. We will also seek to accelerate the pace of selection and concentration of businesses by regularly evaluating each business based on criteria such as ROIC and the sales growth ratio.
    Next Generation
■ Cosmetic raw materials 
■ Contract pharmaceutical development and
manufacturing ■ Health foods ■ Analysis service ■ Chiral reagents ■ Genomics-related products
■ High performance film ■ Polymer for resist
■ Lens modules, etc.
■ Pyrotechnic devices for industrial use
Reform
■ Cellulose acetate for fiber
■ Resin compounds, cellulose
Growth
■ Solvents for electronic materials 
■ Inflators ■ Caprolactone
Net Sales Composition
  ■ Alicyclic epoxy
6 7
5 12 50
■ POM ■ COC
■ PPS
■ LCP 
33
■ Next Generation ■ Growth
■ Foundation
■ Reform
FY2021/3
FY2026/3
%
%
 40
47
  Foundation
Operating Income Composition
3 FY2021/3
■Reform 56 45 37
*Next-Generation for FY2021/3 was –3%.
   acetate plastics, etc. ■ Container molding
■ Medical, healthcare ■ Engineering plastics
■ Chiral columns ■ TAC ■ Acetate tow ■ Acetic acid and derivatives
■ Ketene derivatives/amines ■ PBT  ■ Food packaging film ■ CMC
■ Next Generation ■ Growth
■ Foundation
FY2026/3
   Financial Capital Strategy
In addition to improving profitability, Daicel will reduce working capital, sell non-business assets and take other actions to generate 470 billion yen in distributable profit during the period covered by the Mid-Term Management Strategy (FY2022/3 to FY2026/3), which will be allocated to growth investments, shareholder return and debt repayment. As for return to shareholders, we will designate
the current cash dividend per share (annual dividend of 32 yen) as the minimum and seek to achieve a total return ratio of
at least 40% for each fiscal year with consideration for dividend payment and flexible acquisition of treasury stock. While
our capital structure changed significantly due to turning Polyplastics Co., Ltd. into a wholly owned subsidiary and associated fund procurement in October 2020, we plan to establish a stable financial composition with an equity ratio of at least 45% and net D/E ratio of 0.5% or less.
■ Smart ■ Other
■ Chemical products, etc. 
■ Low-density plastic foam products ■ Membrane products
■ Safety ■ Material
4
10 49
Synergy Effect by Making Polyplastics a Wholly Owned Subsidiary
In October 2020, Daicel turned Polyplastics, Co. Ltd., a leading engineering plastics company that had been jointly established with a U.S. company, into a wholly owned subsidiary. This will provide us with greater freedom in developing global markets while expanding our growth strategy, such as the development and adoption of new merchandise as well as investments in boosting capacity. As a result, we expect a synergy effect of 20 billion yen in EBITDA by fiscal 2026/3.
We established the Performance Materials Headquarters
in April 2021 to demonstrate the synergy effect in our resin businesses by re-examining the portfolio of the Daicel
Group’s resin businesses, expanding our product line through collaborations, mergers and acquisitions, and reinforcing cross- divisional relationships between each group company's marketing, research and production departments. We are also seeking to generate new materials with added value by combining Daicel’s monomer development technology (computational chemistry) with Polyplastics’ polymerization technology and to create synergies beyond the framework of our resin businesses by deploying
the market-in (customer-in) approach, which Polyplastics has developed for many years, to the entire Group.
20.0 billion yen planned up to FY2026/3
Acceleration of global operations Effect:13.0 billion yen
• Invest in boosting production to capture future demand
• Expand sales to the U.S. and European markets
    Realization of cost-cutting synergy Effect: 6.0 billion yen
• Accelerate DAICEL production innovation • Efficiently manage indirect departments
(personnel rotation/centralization of procurement, engineering and human resources)
  ■ Cash Allocation Cash Input
(Accumulated over 5 Years)
(billion yen)
■ Balance Sheet
2026/3 forecast
(billion yen)
 Cash Output
(Accumulated over 5 Years)
Assets
Current Assets
Assets and Liabilities
Maximization of Group synergy Effect: 1.0 billion yen
• Utilize marketing abilities of Polyplastics
• Mutually utilize R&D resources (computational
science/measuring equipment, etc.)
• Improve catalysts and other matters of existing
businesses
 Cash flows from operating activities
Cash
Debt financing
370.0
End-March 2021 Forecast* 80.0
Sale of cross-holding shares 20.0
0
Growth investment
Shareholder return
Debt repayment
Cash
Capital investment 210.0
Total amount of return 60.0
120.0 80.0
290.0
Liabilities
Interest-bearing Debt
Net Assets
310.0
160.0
280.0 590.0
    Cash and Cash Equivalents 80.0
  Total distributable amount
470.0
Working Capital
Fixed Assets
Tangible and Intangible Cross-shareholdings
190.0
300.0
230.0 30.0
590.0
    * As of February 2021, upon the announcement of the Mid-Term Management Strategy 16 DAICEL REPORT 2021
Note: The above monetary values of the synergy effects are expressed in terms of EBITDA.
DAICEL REPORT 2021 17

 Chapter I: Value Creation by the Daicel Group
  Special Feature 1 Mid-Term Management Strategy “Accelerate 2025-II”
Sustainable Product
Contributing to the Happiness of Society and People
Based on our Sustainable Management Policy, the Daicel Group pursues monozukuri manufacturing that contributes to the happiness of people and society. Under our Long- Term Vision, we identified four domains from among numerous social issues, selected areas where demand is expected to rise and the Daicel Group can demonstrate our strengths, and then designated key markets for each domain. We will seek to achieve growth in our businesses while also creating new ones.
■ Four Domains and Market Focus
    Health
Cosmetics Health Food Medical Care
Safety/Security
Mobility Industry
Convenience/ Comfort (Smart)
Display IC/Semiconductor Sensing
Environment
Water Processing Biodegradable Resin
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  Striving to Become an Issue-Identifying Company Example of Value Co-Creation with a Customer
Daicel Corporation and Daikin Industries, Ltd. began exchanging technologies about 20 years ago. Since 2016, we have been engaged in joint development that transcends our supplier-client relationship in order to create the world’s first and the world’s top-value products by leveraging our respective strengths. Spearheaded by management, we held a series of discussions through exchanges between engineers including seconding staff, while many relevant divisions within Daicel united to
 resolve issues by drawing upon our comprehensive abilities as a material manufacturer. As a result, in FY2021/3 we jointly developed a total heat exchange-type element coated with a permeable membrane used in ventilation equipment as well as a low-pressure loss filter for large-scale air conditioning units to address the growing global interest in air flow due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Daicel Group think there is a limit to what a single company can do or one process can achieve in the creation of products. In our Mid-Term Management Strategy, we will raise efficiency in the investment of our resources while increasing the number of options for solving problems by co-creating value together with our business partners and customers connected with the supply chain.
Engineers from both companies who engaged in joint development (back row: Daikin Industries, front row: Daicel Corporation)
   Two-Way Approach of Value-Providing Business and Material-Providing Business
In April 2020, we redefined our business categories that had been based on technologies and products to a system comprising three value-providing business units and two material-providing units. Further business growth will be driven by the twin wheels of a value providing (Market-in) business model focused on key markets and a material providing (Product-out) business model focused on technologies and materials that we have cultivated over the years.
Market-in Type Business (Value Provision)
Out of the four key domains, we launched businesses in the Health, Safety/Security and Smart domains to provide universal values that are consistently in demand, even amid drastic social change. By shifting to a market in type business Type Business that closely follows the needs of our immediate markets and customers, we aim to be an "issue-identifying" company by recognizing potential social needs and providing solutions.
Product-out Type Business (Material Provision)
Materials supplied by the Daicel Group are used as the starting resources for diverse products. The business model of adding more value by attaching functions and changing form through processes along the supply chain is characteristic of the material industry. We will pursue seed-oriented growth in our Materials and Engineering Plastics businesses with a “product-out” approach based on our rich heritage of technologies while also seeking to improve profitability through a comprehensive effort to boost efficiency and reduce costs.
We commercialized a total heat exchange-type element using a permeable membrane sheet that offers the world’s top energy-saving* and safety* features, and we did that at a very fast pace. This achievement was only possible through co-creation with Daicel. Mr. Ogawa, President and CEO of Daicel, said at a joint meeting on co-creation that “the material used for the products does not have to be our own as long as their development contributes to Daikin’s business.” This left a strong impression on me, and I’m convinced that Daicel’s speedy decision-making and unwavering commitment to seeing the project through led to this result. The project gave me a renewed awareness of the importance of developing materials to create highly differentiated products. I hope we can continue co-creating as a team of unrivaled technologies and products based on Daicel’s superior material and production technologies and with a powerful relationship of trust with Daikin.
*Achieved enthalpy exchange efficiency of 80% and barrier rate of more than 99.99%
Kiyoshi Kuroi Senior Engineer, Group Leader, Technology and Innovation Center, Daikin Industries, Ltd.
VOICE
Comment from a Customer
   Outcome in FY2021/3
Trial development of new business based on customer-in approach
Capturing market needs to uncover potential functions of existing products (free translation of functions)
Value provision-based growth
• Health (Healthcare)
• Safety and security (Safety) • Convenience and Comfort
(Smart)
• The environment
Providing universal value through face to-face market type SBU
Material/Product-based growth
• Engineering plastics
• Organic synthetic products
Pursuit of thorough streamlining and cost reduction
    OP-I: Our company
OP-II: Group Construction of a co-creation entity
OP-III: Partner
Market-in type business
 Product-out type business
  Discovering Latent Applications for Products by Freely Translating Functions
 Daicel describes its process of redefining the essential functions of a product to open up new markets
and create new businesses as a “free translation of functions.”
One example is the air bag inflator for automobiles. Its essential function can be defined as a system for safely, securely, and instantly generating a single burst of optimum energy (One-Time Energy). One product inspired by this free translation is ActranzaTM lab, a needle-free drug distribution device that does not require needles. We also applied the essential functions of One-Time Energy and developed the Pyro-fuse, which is mounted on electric vehicles and shuts down power in an emergency. Free translation of functions will enable us to discover new market needs we can meet with our technology and to promote new business creation based on the Daicel Group’s genealogy.
Energy for shutting down electric circuits in an emergency
Pyro-fuse for electric vehicles
One Time Energy
Energy for protecting lives of passengers by inflating cushions in an emergency
Automobile airbag inflators
Energy for allowing drugs to reach where they are targeted
ActranzaTM lab
            18 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 19
Evolution of functions

 Chapter I: Value Creation by the Daicel Group
  Special Feature 1 Mid-Term Management Strategy “Accelerate 2025-II”
Sustainable Process
Achieving Goals with Methods that Are Sound
for the Environment and People
In addition to reducing the Daicel Group’s greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by pursuing an asset light strategy, we will take on significant challenges toward constructing a circular society, including offsetting energy across the supply chain with innovative production approaches and developing biomass product trees using completely new methods.
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  New Biomass Product Trees Hold the Key to Carbon Neutral Operations
Reducing the Environmental Impact in the Manufacturing Process and Transforming and Using a Whole Tree to Create High-Performance Products
Cellulose acetate, which is our key product, is a biomass product made with wood pulp as its main raw material. Natural polymers such as wood, does not dissolve easily, which creates an energy-intensive manufacturing process. Daicel is seeking to address this through joint research with Kanazawa University and Kyoto University toward establishing a technology for melting wood at room temperature and under normal pressure conditions, which requires less energy. In addition to cellulose, the technology has so far allowed us to separate highly reactive substances contained in wood, such as hemicellulose and lignin, which had until recently been underutilized in the conventional manufacturing process. We are beginning to see good prospects for developing materials with new physical properties by applying our method for homogeneous melting to cellulose. We seek to reduce the volume of CO2 emissions in the manufacturing process by our new technology. However, even though CO2 emissions are discharged into the atmosphere, we are also developing a technology for converting CO2 to CO that can be reused for other purposes.
New Biomass Product Trees
 Biomass raw material
Products
Waste
         Creating Solutions that Reduce Environmental Impact
While the chemical industry provides beneficial materials for reducing environmental impact, its manufacturing processes are energy- intensive. The Daicel Group is addressing this by creating highly effective solutions in terms of its manufacturing processes. Saving energy in manufacturing will reduce environmental impact, cut costs, and improve productivity. Through these initiatives, we raise our competitiveness as a manufacturer and aim to achieve our business targets.
Super mild melting
CO·Syngas
Liquification
Biodegradability
Chemical conversion
Use of liquified wood as raw material
Separation
CO2
   * Greenhouse gas
20 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 21
Forest resources, agricultural and fishery resources
Melting whole wood with less energy
 Sustainable Management Targets
  Supply Chain
• Energy optimization
• Logistics optimization • Inventory optimization
• Asset light
• Shortening of lead time
Energy Optimization
Sustainable Value Chain
• Biomass Value Chain
• Carbon neutral
Cross-Value Chain
• New Biomass Product Trees
• Energy offset
• Carbon recycle, offset
• Reverse reaction of CO2
See page 21
See page 21
Methods including energy offset based on self-consignment of electric power will be applied across the entire supply chain. We will seek to reduce GHG emissions by optimizing energy consumption throughout the supply chain.
  2050
2030
2025
2023
ROIC: 10%
ROIC: 4.5%
EBITDA: 116 billion yen
EBITDA: 82 billion yen
Carbon neutral
GHG* emissions: 50% reduction (from FY2019/3)
GHG emissions: 37% reduction (from FY2019/3)
            Towards realizing the Biomass Value Chain Concept
New technologies under development can be applied to separate beneficial ingredients from wood as well as agricultural and fishery waste. We are seeking to further enhance the economic viability of primary industries by creating cash value for the waste they generate that can be reused as raw materials in secondary industries. We believe this could lead to a new industrial ecosystem that links primary and secondary industries within a circular economy.
This type of economic cycle can revive the declining forestry industry, and sites for harvesting wood can be reborn as deciduous broad-leaved forests. By spreading their roots wide and deep, a forest of deciduous trees will improve
the water retention of the mountains and reduce the risk
of landslides. It will also contribute to restoring the natural ecosystem by promoting the circulation of water resources and nutrients between the mountains, rivers, and sea. Daicel is proposing to create such a circular system under its Biomass Value Chain concept.
We hope to collaboratively pursue this project with everyone who shares our aspiration, across the boundaries of industry, academia, and government.
Biomass Value Chain
Regeneration of village forest
Agriculture
Forestry
Creation
of forests that nurture life
Regeneration of river
Development of materials with new physical properties resulting from the homogeneous melting
 Use of lignin and hemicellulose contained in wood
   Melting at room temperature, damage-free crushing
 New Biomass Product Trees
Energy CO2
Offset
Offset
  Fishery
 Revitalization of regional economies
OP-III
OP-II
OP-I

 Chapter I: Value Creation by the Daicel Group
  Special Feature 1 Mid-Term Management Strategy “Accelerate 2025-II”
Sustainable People
Giving Employees a Sense of Fulfilment
The driving force for realizing the goals laid out by Daicel’s Long-Term Vision and Mid-Term Management Strategy lies within each employee. The Daicel Group will pursue Human-Centered Management to become a company that grows while providing a sense of worth and fulfilment to its diverse employees.
 Kotaro Sugimoto
Representative Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, General Manager of Corporate Support Headquarters
Fair Evaluation and Support for Personal Growth to Achieve Employee Happiness will enhance the company's competitiveness
While each person may have a different motivation for working, all employees understand they will spend a considerable amount of time at work throughout their lives.
The Daicel Group aspires to be a company that gives employees a sense of fulfilment through their work. This is because pursuing and feeling fulfilment in work means that each employee can fully demonstrate their abilities as a professional, and we believe this is what gives a company its competitive edge.
In our Mid-Term Management Strategy, we sought to (1) transform into an autonomous and self-propelled organization and (2) reform work styles that encourage each employee to take on challenges while respecting diversity. We will seek to transform and manage an organizational structure that encourages all employees to be self-driven in taking on challenges and embody work styles that enable them to feel a sense of self-fulfillment and personal growth. Moreover, fair evaluation commensurate with the process and results also supports personal growth. We believe this benevolent cycle links the happiness of employees to the higher competitiveness of the company, and we will implement each measure toward achieving the Mid-Term Management Strategy through extensive discussions with all employees.
  Diversity & Inclusion Career
Challenge & Rewards
OP-I: Our company
Work style reform
➡ Work environment where everyone can work with vigor regardless of sex, age, nationality or disability ➡ Personnel development to develop expertise and shine in their specialty area
➡ Framework to support employees who take on challenges without fear of failure Fair and highly acceptable evaluation system
OP-II: Group OP-III: Partner
Human-centered management
Diverse employees grow with a sense of presence and accomplishment.
   Creation of a self-propelled organization directly connected to society
 Fusion of social issue discovery (searching) and commercialization (deepening) by clarifying the purpose of R (research) and D (development)
 Conversion to an independent autonomous business model by delegating authority to SBU (companies) and Group companies in Japan and overseas
    22 DAICEL REPORT 2021
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  Transforming into an Autonomous and Self-driven Organization
In FY2021/3, Daicel carried out a large-scale organizational change. By creating autonomous units for the Research and Development Department based on their respective functions and reorganizing business units by their respective markets, we are seeking to clarify the goals, functions, and roles of each organization to become autonomous, self-driven, and capable of thinking on their own, swiftly make decisions, and act with flexibility. We are simultaneously implementing the necessary delegation of authority and appointments.
Reforming Work Styles to Encourage Every Employee to Take on Challenges while Embracing Diversity
In April 2021, we reviewed the human resources system and significantly updated the system for managerial positions in an effort to offer solid compensation for both the process and results.
 Adoption of a multiple-track job grade system
• Enable multi-track career planning by shifting from the generalist-oriented career development of the past to specialist/management career options
• Clarify abilities to be developed according to individual aptitude
Elimination of seniority
• Abolish number of years of experience as a condition for promotion • Enable diverse career development
Linking appointments to compensation
• Clarify responsibilities and authority of each role based on a job-grade system
• Create a link between roles and compensation to realize a system in which performance is rewarded
Establishment of a restricted stock benefit system for employees
• Encourage employees to contribute greatly to the success of the business • Improve lifetime wages
       Shifting to implementing Initiatives with an Onsite Perspective by Establishing the Human Resources Strategy Committee
In April 2020, we established the Human Resources Strategy Committee, composed of 15 members with diverse backgrounds in work location, affiliation, position (managerial position and/or union member), and other aspects. In the past, the Human Resources Division was mainly responsible for drawing up personnel policies. The committee was set up in response to a recommendation by members of a project team tasked with formulating Long-Term Vision to continue discussions on human resources strategy. We are actively incorporating the opinions of employees on the ground to improve the effectiveness and swift deployment of initiatives across the company.
In FY2021/3, the committee took action on the evaluation, post-retirement re-employment and personnel systems. We were able to identify new issues, and the results were reflected in the personnel system for managerial positions. In FY2022/3, we are focusing on revisions to the labor union system.
Looking ahead, we will continue to expand human resource initiatives that support the personal growth of employees by maintaining consistency with Daicel’s Basic Philosophy, management policies, and strategies.
  VOICE
System Developed through Dialogue with Employees
Listening to employees through the Human Resource Strategy Committee provided insight into the issues, questions, and expectations that differ by position and which were difficult to grasp by the Human Resources Division acting alone. We considered revisions to the system through repeated conversations with employees and sought to maintain two-way communication by offering a detailed explanation when we could not meet their expectations. At the same time, we frequently presented our recommendations to management and promptly incorporated the feedback and requests into the system, making it possible to revise the system quickly.
We will continue to explore personnel initiatives so that Daicel can remain as a company that provides employees with a sense of personal growth through their work every day.
Satoru Nose Leader of the Human Resources Strategy Committee, Division Manager of Innovation and Business Development Promotion, Innovation and Business Development Headquarters and Head of Innovation Strategy Department, Innovation Park
  DAICEL REPORT 2021 23
Environment Organization Evolution of rewarding work

Chapter I: Value Creation by the Daicel Group
   Special
Creating a Cycle of Happiness with Our Autonomous Production System
In FY2021/3, Daicel developed an Autonomous Production System that assists in implementing optimal solutions for monozukuri manufacturing at chemical plants. It represents an evolution of DAICEL Production Innovation completed 20 years ago. In addition to significantly cutting production costs, we sought to make extra time by reducing the workload toward developing a cyclical process for society in which people work with happiness and greater creativity.
Fe2
ature
 ■ Overview of the Autonomous Production System
Real-time predictions for safety, quality, production volume, and cost
Selection of optimal operating conditions to achieve maximum effect
Detection of abnormalities in processes and facilities that may negatively impact safety, quality, production volume, and cost
Identify and eliminate the causes
Prevent occurrence of abnormalities
 Raise competitiveness of monozukuri manufacturing
    Optimize the entire supply chain
  Significantly reduce production costs
Autonomous Production System
Key Points of the Autonomous Production System
(1) Significant reduction in time, from the detection of an abnormality to decision-making and action
The system grasps the real-time status of the manufacturing facility and detects abnormalities before they materialize,
thus reducing the need for manual monitoring and predicting operational status and leading to a dramatic reduction
of the workload for onsite workers. Furthermore, since the system presents the causes of the abnormality along with countermeasures, operators can respond before the situation reaches the stage that previously required executive decisions.
(2) Support for taking the necessary actions to achieve production goals
Out of the many possibilities for improving plant operations, this system recognizes actions that are important to the production goals of each plant and presents only the essential alternatives, allowing operators to choose the optimal response.
Introduce new work style for production sites
Accelerate extraction of expertise
    Plant Capability Maximizer (PCM)
Utilizing AI
Advanced Prediction System (APS)
 DAICEL Production Innovation and the Intellectual and Integrated Production System (2000)
 DAICEL Production Innovation Forms the Basis of the Autonomous Production System
As opposed to the assembly industry, the manufacturing process in the chemical industry cannot be observed since
it involves substances undergoing change inside pipes and tanks. With data obtained from sensors such as for pressure and temperature, operators in the control room can draw on their experience and intuition to make decisions on monitoring and operating the plant and on responding to abnormalities.
In the mid-1990s, Daicel faced the need to quickly make
a generational shift and hand down plant operation skills ahead of the mass retirement of experienced employees.
Our solution was DAICEL Production Innovation. Around four years after 1996, we visualized the flow of approximately 8.4 million instances of decision-making related to plant operations that were known by expert operators and which, until then, had been a part of their experience and intuition, and we incorporated them into the operation support system. As a result, productivity has almost tripled at our Aboshi Plant. Daicel deployed this method to its process-based plants
in Japan while also spreading it outside the Group, which contributed to raising the competitiveness of the Japanese manufacturing sector. The purpose of DAICEL Production Innovation is not about making people move like machines. It reflects our will to realize a work style that enables people to focus on tasks that benefit from human creativity by combining the knowledge about plant operations acquired by individuals and using systems to standardize operations.
Inheriting the Will of Our Predecessors to Achieve an Evolution in Production Innovation by Utilizing AI
DAICEL Production Innovation allowed us to maintain safe operations and reduce the number of serious quality-related issues. We were unable, however, to effectively use of all the know-how and skills collected from experienced operators. It was too difficult for computing technology at the time to execute the complex arithmetic processing that involved pursuing higher quality while considering the additional elements of cost and energy balance for optimal plant operations. To make this possible, we created two AI-based applications in a joint project with the University of Tokyo and developed the Autonomous Production System in August 2020 as the evolutionary version of DAICEL Production Innovation.
Production Site Work Style Reform that Adds New Value
Implementation of the Autonomous Production System improves productivity and ensures stable quality, leading to substantially reduced production costs by helping correct the excessive cost of repairs in the course of preventing malfunctions and maintaining facilities. It will also help to reduce inventory through effective production. According to our estimates, we will be able to reduce production costs by up to ten billion yen once the system has been installed at all relevant plants in Japan.
Furthermore, we will raise the competitiveness of our manufacturing as we use the extra time freed up by the reduced workload to engage in more creative tasks. Through these innovations, we will adopt a more aggressive approach
to production, through which we will take the initiative to think through and propose solutions in advance instead of simply responding to customer requests.
Creating Happiness in Society through the Supply Chain
The common goal of both DAICEL Production Innovation
and the Autonomous Production System is to proceed with reforms toward realizing a more creative work style and give workers a sense of fulfillment, which is synonymous with the joy of working. By exchanging information and creating value together with companies across the supply chain that share this philosophy, we can also realize optimal quality and cost as well as an environmentally sound supply chain.
“We are working to create a forest of companies connected to the supply chain. Even amid a changing business environment, it will allow us to maintain sustainable growth through mutual support. We hope to create a value chain that is connected to our suppliers and customers through a win-win relationship of trust and empathy.” — Fumihiro Miyoshi, head of the Monozukuri Production Innovation Center, General Manager Office of the President.
The use of AI has dramatically reduced the labor required for visualizing expertise, which constituted the heart of DAICEL Production Innovation, and it facilitates the introduction of
the Autonomous Production System. We hope to ultimately use the system for connecting companies that share Daicel’s aspirations and function as an information platform for creating a cycle of happiness.
24 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 25
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
   
Chapter II: Daicel Group Businesses and Growth Strategies
Business Overview
FY2021/3 Results
FY2022/3 Forecasts
Review of FY2021/3 and Outlook for FY2022/3
        Medical/ Healthcare
P. 28
Composition ratio
¥16.2
7.4% year-on-year
Composition ratio
¥1.6
4.1%
billion
3.3%
billion
16.6% year-on-year
Net sales
Operating income
Net sales
¥19.0
While revenues fell in our Cosmetics and Health Foods Business as sales volume declined in the Japanese market, sales volume rose for our main product 1,3-BG, a raw material for cosmetics, in the wake of expanded sales in China following a recovery in demand. Revenues rose in the CPI Business due to increased sales of chiral columns and favorable performance in China and India. Operating income for the segment as a whole rode on the back of higher sales volume.
Revenues and profits are expected to increase in FY2022/3 due to sales volume increase although high depreciation cost following the start of operations at the new 1,3-BG plant is expected. We will strive for mid- to long-term growth by aggressively expanding sales in the cosmetics market in Asia, where demand is strengthening.
Operating income
17.2% billion year-on-year
   ¥2.3
47.3% billion year-on-year
        Smart
P. 30
Composition ratio
¥24.7
2.6% year-on-year
Composition ratio
¥3.4
6.3%
billion
7.1%
billion
1.9% year-on-year
Net sales
Operating income
Net sales
While revenues fell in our Display Business due to declining demand for LCDs in the first half of FY2021/3, sales of high-performance optical films, a new business, increased mainly due to sales expansion for automotive applications. Revenues rose in our IC/ Semiconductor Business on the back of robust demand for semiconductors. Operating income for the segment as a whole increased due to the lower price of raw materials and fuels.
Revenues and profits are expected to increase in FY2022/3 although costs associated with the development of the Sensing Business throughout the period of the Mid-Term Management Strategy and establishment of mass production system are planned, as sales volume in Display Business and IC/Semiconductor Business are expected to increase. Meanwhile, we plan to boost production of resist polymer and solvents for electrical materials to meet brisk demand from the semiconductor market during the period covered by the strategy.
¥28.0 13.4% billion year-on-year
 Operating income
  ¥4.2
23.1% billion year-on-year
        Safety
P. 32
Composition ratio
¥67.2
10.1% year-on-year
Composition ratio
¥2.2
17.1%
billion
4.7%
billion
32.4% year-on-year
Net sales
Operating income
Net sales
¥73.5
Revenues and profit for automobile airbag inflators (gas generator devices), the main product in this business, decreased due to the lingering effects of a slump in automobile production caused by the COVID-19 pandemic in the first half of FY2021/3. We were, however, able to minimize the decline in sales volume due to the recovery in automobile production and the market launch of a new grade of products in the latter half of the fiscal year.
We expect sale volume for inflators to increase in FY2022/3 due to a recovery in the volume of automobile production and rise in demand for new products. We also anticipate an increase in revenues and profits as we continue to maintain thorough cost reductions at the production site and improve productivity.
9.3% billion year-on-year
   Operating income
¥6.5
191.3% billion year-on-year
      Materials
P. 34
Composition ratio
Composition ratio
¥17.9
26.5%
billion
37.5%
billion
13.3% year-on-year
Net sales
¥104.2
4.7% year-on-year
Operating income
Net sales
¥108.5
4.1
%
Revenues fell in this segment due to a decline in sales volume centered on chemical products, primarily caused by falling demand in the first half of FY2021/3. Nevertheless, operating income rose due to the impact of cost reductions and lower prices for raw materials and fuel. In FY2022/3, we expect profit to fall due to a decline in sales volume for CO (raw material for acetic acid) following upgrades to outdated plants and an increase in depreciation cost. However, demand in the Chemical Business for peracetic acid derivatives such as alicyclic epoxy and caprolactone recovered in the latter half of FY2021/3, and we expect further growth in sales volume in FY2022/3. During the period of the Mid-Term Management Strategy, we are also planning to boost production of alicyclic epoxy, which will drive future growth for the Daicel Group.
billion year-on-year Operating income
   ¥14.0
   Net sales
Polyplastics Co., Ltd. reported lower revenues due to the effects of a drop in demand from automobiles in the first half of FY2021/3. However, recovery in the volume of automobile production, which began in the latter half, was accompanied by a rapid recovery in sales volume for polyacetal (POM), polybutylene terephthalate (PBT), and polyphenylene sulfide (PPS) used in automobiles. Sales volume for liquid crystal polymer (LCP), mainly used as an electric material, continued to rise throughout the year due to growing demand from development of next-generation communication infrastructure. Operating income rose due mainly to the lower price of raw materials and fuel.
We expect revenues and profits to rise in FY2022/3 amid an increase in sales volume following the recovery in demand from automotive applications and as a result of boosting production of cyclic olefin copolymer (COC), which is expected to contribute to recycling plastics, by removing bottle necks in the production process and achieving significant growth in sales volume.
¥195.0
21.9% billion year-on-year
   Engineering Plastics
P. 36
Composition ratio
Composition ratio
¥21.2
42.8%
billion
44.3%
billion
1.3% year-on-year
Net sales
¥168.6
4.3% year-on-year
Operating income
  Operating income
¥23.0
15.7% billion year-on-year
  8.6% billion year-on-year
          Other
Composition ratio
¥12.7
4.9% year-on-year
Composition ratio
¥1.5
3.2%
billion
3.1%
billion
82.1% year-on-year
Net sales
Operating income
Net sales
¥11.0
13.2% billion year-on-year
FY2022/3 Forecasts (Consolidated)
 Net sales
 Total:
¥393.6
4.7% year-on-year
billion
 Operating income
 Total:
¥31.7
7.0% year-on-year
billion
 Net sales
 Total:
¥435.0
10.5% year-on-year
billion
 Operating income
 Total:
¥35.0
10.3% year-on-year
billion
  Operating income
¥1.6
8.0% billion year-on-year
 26 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 27
FY2021/3 Results (Consolidated)
Note: Consolidated operating income is calculated by subtracting a corporate expense of ¥16.1 billion for FY2021/3 and ¥16.5 billion for FY2022/3. Forecasts of FY2022/3 are figures which was announced on August 3, 2021.
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  
   Chapter II: Daicel Group Businesses and Growth Strategies
Medical Healthcare Business Overview
Our Healthcare Business, consisting of the Cosmetics and Health Foods businesses, is focused on raising the quality of life by delivering high-quality raw materials for cosmetics and marine biodegradable spherical fine particles (cellulose acetate) used in cosmetics. It also focuses on unique nutritional raw materials and supplements derived from natural materials through natural- material extraction and bioconversion technologies. In the chiral separation business, we engage in the manufacture and sale of chiral columns used for separating and purifying optical isomers in pharmaceutical development and manufacturing processes, and we provide chiral separation services under consignment. Daicel boasts a large share of the global market for chiral columns.
Mid-Term Management Strategy: Our Approach to the Business Strategy and Initiatives
■ Relevant SDGs
  Developing Cellulose Acetate Spherical Fine Particles [BELLOCEA®], an Environmentally Sound Cosmetic Material.
Daicel has been consistently developing and selling naturally derived materials for cosmetics with a focus on sustainability. As microplastics come under closer scrutiny for being harmful to the oceans, tighter regulations are being introduced in the cosmetics industry, which handles many products containing these plastics.
The spherical fine particle product BELLOCEA® was developed by processing our long-standing mainstay product
of cellulose acetate using proprietary technology. Although flowing out in ocean, this environmentally sound, highly biodegradable material will be ultimately decomposes into acetate and cellulose which exists in nature. BELLOCEA® features a smooth surface due to its fine particles as well as superior dispersibility and spreadability, which make it softer on the skin than other naturally derived beads such as silica. Also, it is similar to synthetic particles such as nylon in the way that it spreads evenly on the skin.
We are already providing samples with an eye on developing applications in foundations while considering the further enhancement of its functionality and expanding the product lineup. In addition, we have begun developing a new grade in biodegradability to comply with regulations of the European Chemicals Agency.
We will continue to provide raw materials with a higher degree of natural content to respond to the ongoing shift from synthetic to natural in the cosmetics industry.
 TOPICS
   Businesses
 Main Products
Cosmetics
 1,3-Butylene glycol (1,3-BG), polyglycerin, Spherical cellulose acetate particles, and other materials
 Health Food
 Equol, konjac ceramide, urolithin, and other materials
 CPI
 Chiral columns, chiral reagents, and analysis services
  ■ Life-cycle of a natural material Nature
■ Comparison of marine biodegradability 0 20
9 months
40 (years)
    Business Environment
• Growth of the cosmetics market in Asia, centered on China
• Expansion in demand for sustainable materials such as
naturally derived or biodegradable products
• Growth of the supplement market due to increased health awareness
• Growth of the generic drug market
• Intensified drug-discovery needs and growing macromolecule drug market
               Businesses
Cosmetics
28 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 29
Policy
Daicel’s Strengths
• 1,3-BG used as a moisturizing ingredient in cosmetics and highly regarded in the growing Asian market for being odor-free
• Stable supply of 1,3-BG through dual product bases (operational from FY2022/3)
• Health food materials produced through bio (microbial) fermentation and natural-material extraction technologies developed over the years
• Network of pharmaceutical companies, universities, and research institutions in the small molecule drug field
     Concrete Measures
Acetic acid
Wood
Cellulose acetate
Cellulose
Acetic acid
Nylon particles
Acrylic particles
30 years and longer
450 years and longer
             ■ Performance Targets
■ Capital Expenditures, Depreciation, R&D
Hydrolyzing through the action with water
   • Expand the market share of products centered on 1,3-BG
• Expand solutions in the rapidly growing areas of macromolecular drugs and biologics discovery
• Provide a stable supply of 1,3-BG through dual production bases and implement a thorough quality upgrade at the new plant
• Establish new analysis and purification services in the genomics market • Collaborate with external corporate partners
Mid-Term Management Strategy: Performance Targets, Capital Expenditures, Depreciation, R&D
  • Expand the lineup of sustainable materials
   • Launch sales and expand business for marine biodegradable, spherical cellulose acetate fine particles (BELLOCEA®) for cosmetics applications (foundation, sunscreen, and other uses)
• Collaborate with organizations inside and outside the Daicel Group as well as M&A
  • Introduction of materials and services focusing on intestinal flora
 • Boost production of equol, an intestinal metabolite of soybean isoflavones
• Expand the lineup of intestinal microbiome materials such as urolithin, an intestinal
metabolite extracted from pomegranate
• Collaborate with strategic partners and promote M&A
  • Bolster marketing and expand the product lineup under the theme of “beauty and health,” targeting women in their 40s and older
   • Strengthen mail-order business for the “WELLMETHODR” brand, aimed at aging well
     Health Food
   FY2021/3 Results
Net Operating sales income
¥16.2 ¥1.6
Net sales
Operating income
¥25.0
¥3.0
FY2026/3
Cumulative Total from FY2022/3 to FY2026/3
  Capital expenditures
Depreciation R&D
¥8.5 ¥20.0 ¥16.0
billion billion billion
        CPI
billion billion
billion
billion
   Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  
  Chapter II: Daicel Group Businesses and Growth Strategies
Smart Business Overview
The Display Business is involved in the manufacture and sale of cellulose acetate for optical films for LCDs, for which Daicel commands a major share of the global market, and high-performance optical films that offer optimum displays in areas ranging from smartphones and tablets to in-vehicle units. The IC/Semiconductor Business develops and promotes high-performance resist materials and solvents for electronic materials used in the manufacturing processes of semiconductors and displays. In the Sensing Business, we are developing the growing sensor market by providing products such as high-performance wafer-level lenses and thin, bendable, low-power-consumption organic semiconductors.
  Businesses
 Main Products
Display
 Tri-acetate cellulose (TAC) for LCD optical films, and high-performance optical films
 IC/Semiconductor
 Resist materials and solvents for electronic materials
 Sensing
 Wafer-level lenses, organic semiconductors, conductive ink
     Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  ■ Relevant SDGs
  We Support the Ever-Advancing Semiconductor Manufacturing Process while Contributing to the Development of an Environmentally Sound Smart Society
Electronic devices such as smartphones, tablets, PCs, and an ultra-thin TV as well as industrial robots and automobiles that are increasingly self-driven are all continuously becoming more sophisticated in terms of functionality. This has led to constant demand for more advanced features such as high-speed response and low power consumption.
Meeting this demand will require enhancing the functionality of semiconductors, which constitute the core of logic circuits and memory. Daicel’s solvents for electronic materials are used in various processes associated with manufacturing semiconductors, including rinsing and resist coating, and our resist polymers have become indispensable for creating electronic circuits.
Solvents for electronic materials such as MMPGAC are organic with high boiling points that offer such characteristic features as high solubility and low toxicity that make them environmentally sound. Their high purity and rheology control properties are also being applied to help reduce the size of condensers such as multi-layer ceramic capacitors (MLCCs), increase LCD resolution, and produce miniaturized and multi-layered semiconductors.
Daicel’s acrylic and other resist polymers are used to produce the world’s top-quality semiconductors such as liquid- immersion ArF, the most advanced semiconductor, that constitute today’s mainstream. Our products are capable of meeting miniaturization needs and achieve a line width of 10 nm or thinner. We are also working with major manufacturers to jointly develop products for use in extreme ultraviolet (EUV) processes. In addition, our most advanced rinsing agents contribute to improving yield by removing as much residue as possible from the polishing process for high-density integration of semiconductors, and they are increasingly being adopted by manufacturers.
Daicel continues to expand its production volume of solvents for electronic materials and resist polymers to meet demand from semiconductor manufacturers. At the same time, we will consistently provide solutions based on the market-in approach to meet diverse demands and contribute to the development of a comfortable Smart Society with environmentally sound products.
 TOPICS
 ■ Process Diagram for Resists Solvent
(MMPGAC and others)
Resist polymer
   Coating
 Silicon wafer Photoresist coating
Completion of microchip
Smartphones, PCs, and other products
Mid-Term Management Strategy: Our Approach to the Business Strategy and Initiatives
    Business Environment
• Intensified competition in the LCD optical film market, expansion in the LCD market
• Increase in demand for tablets due to needs arising from the COVID-19 pandemic and digitization, accompanied by growth in the high-performance film market
• Growth in the semiconductor market due to the full-scale arrival of the 5G, IoT, and AI era
• Expansion in public demand for visualization and sensing technologies
                    Businesses
Display
Policy
Concrete Measures
       IC/ Semiconductor
• Strengthen semiconductor-related business that meets the needs of cutting-edge technologies
• Purify solvents for electronic materials and expand the product lineup • Increase production of solvents for electronic materials (MMPGAC)
• Develop a resist polymer for EUV
• Increase production of a polymer for semiconductor resist
       Sensing
• Strengthen the system for seizing market growth opportunities
• Enhance the technical support system to expand the customer base
• Prepare for increased production by establishing production and manufacturing
technologies at an early stage, constructing a production system, and bolstering quality control
           30 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 31
• Increase profitability of TAC business
• Develop multiple functions and expand business for high-performance optical films
• Improve quality to expand sales of TAC • Implement ultimate cost reductions
• Bolster the development system for high-performance optical films • Increase production of high-performance optical films
Mid-Term Management Strategy: Performance Targets, Capital Expenditures, Depreciation, R&D ■ Performance Targets ■ Capital Expenditures, Depreciation, R&D
Daicel’s Strengths
• Unique properties and cost-competitiveness of cellulose acetate as a material for displays
• Film coating technology accumulated over the years
• Quality control system for high-purity, low metal solvents
required in the microfabrication of semiconductors
• Resist polymer using original monomer
• Product development and supply system encompassing materials to lens formation for highly heat-resistant, compact, and high-performance sensing lenses made with resin
  Net sales
Operating income
¥ 24.7
¥ 3.4
FY2021/3 Results
Net sales
Operating income
¥ 45.0
¥ 8.0
FY2026/3
Cumulative Total from FY2022/3 to FY2026/3
Capital expenditures
Depreciation
R&D
¥ 15.5
billion
¥ 28.0 ¥ 17.0
       billion
billion
billion
billion
billion billion

   Chapter II: Daicel Group Businesses and Growth Strategies
Safety Business Overview
The main products of the Safety Business are automobile airbag inflators (gas generation devices), which protect the lives of occupants and pedestrians by inflating airbags within milliseconds after a collision. Our automobile airbag inflators are highly regarded as the key component of airbag systems. Meanwhile, our pyro-fuse, which safely, instantaneously, and pyrotechnically interrupt high-voltage and high-current electricity in the event of an emergency, are expected to be used in many products that will be automated by AI, not to mention the already burgeoning electric vehicle industry.
■ Relevant SDGs
DAISI Springs to Action, Only When Needed Launching Our DAISI One-Time Energy Technology Creating Value for Wide-ranging Fields from Automobiles to Medicine in an Era of Growing Anxiety
Over the years, Daicel has been cultivating technology safely, accurately, and instantaneously by generating a single burst of optimal energy used in automotive airbags that saves lives around the world. We have launched the “DAISI” brand by redefining this unique technology as “One Time Energy.” We intend to continue creating and co-creating new value for diverse business domains by applying the technology to products such as pyro-fuse for an electric vehicle to prevent passengers from having an accident and being electrocuted as well as our cutting-edge medical device “ActranzaTM lab.”
   TOPICS
   Businesses
Mobility Industry
Main Products
Automobile airbag inflators
Pyro-fuse and gas generators for seat belt pretensioners (PGG)
One Time Energy DAISI
DAISI stands for DAICEL Saving Innovation.
It is a power system that operates even under extreme conditions that offers flexible control over optimum pressure, time, and accuracy through the combination of short-, medium-, and long-range energy.
   Mid-Term Management Strategy: Our Approach to the Business Strategy and Initiatives
        Business Environment
• Global recovery and growth of automobile production
• Stricter automotive safety standards in emerging countries
• Accelerated spread of electric vehicles and progress in automated driving technology
• •
• •
Daicel’s Strengths
Pyro technology that enables integrated production from a gas generant
Cost reduction learned from the Toyota Production System (TPS)
Quality control based on an image analysis system Solid relationship of trust with customers
Concrete Measures
      Businesses
Mobility
Industry
Policy
• Strengthen cost-competitiveness
• Expand market share
• Create new businesses in the area of EV and outside the automobile market
■ ActranzaTM lab
From injection to jet permeation* it allows
the drug solution to permeate the skin and reach the targeted cells by accurately controlling pressure and speed.
■ Pyro-fuse
Instantly disconnecting high-voltage
currents to prevent accidental electrocution involving EVs.
■ Airbag Inflators
We boast a track record of zero malfunctions and reliability by continuously protecting lives.
  • Cataloging and integration of products
• Develop a gas generant based on a new composite and shift the production method
• Consolidate production bases to raise cost-competitiveness
• Save labor by automating the production line
• Shift to a “Half-cost line” through standardization, in-house production, and diversion of EOP (End of Production) line
• Set up a production base in India
• Deepen collaboration with airbag module manufacturers
• Bolster development and marketing for pyro-fuse
• Explore applications in other areas by branding Daicel technology • Create new businesses through co-creation with customers
*Jet permeation is a term coined by Daicel to describe the function of injecting fluids inside the body by using a high-speed jet stream instead of a hypodermic needle.
Mid-Term Management Strategy: Performance Targets, Capital Expenditures, Depreciation, R&D
■ Performance Targets FY2021/3 Results
FY2026/3
■ Capital Expenditures, Depreciation, R&D Cumulative Total from FY2022/3 to FY2026/3
Inverter
Motor
       Net sales
Operating income
Net sales
Operating income
Capital expenditures
Depreciation
¥ 31.0
billion
R&D
¥ 21.5
billion
¥ 67.2
¥ 2.2
¥ 100.0
billion
¥ 15.0
¥ 44.0
       32 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 33
billion
billion
billion
billion
Control Device
Charge Port
Rechargeable Battery
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  
  Chapter II: Daicel Group Businesses and Growth Strategies
Materials Business Overview
The Materials Business provides various materials to diverse industries. Daicel is Japan’s only manufacturer of acetic acid, which has a broad range of applications. Our Acetyl Business supplies acetic acid and acetic acid derivative chemicals. It also supplies cellulose acetate, made from cellulose derived from wood pulp or cotton, and acetate tow, obtained by spinning cellulose acetate. In the Chemical Business, we draw on the organic synthesis technologies we have accumulated over the years to manufacture and sell a range of chemicals, including peracetic acid derivatives such as alicyclic epoxy and caprolactone, based on a unique synthetic reaction, and amine and ketene chemicals.
  Businesses
 Main Products
  Acetyl
 Acetic acid, acetic acid derivatives (ethyl acetate, acetic anhydride, and other organic chemicals), cellulose acetate, and acetate tow
 Chemical
  Alicyclic epoxy, caprolactone derivatives, alkylamines, and ketene derivatives
     Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  Mid-Term Management Strategy: Our Approach to the Business Strategy and Initiatives
■ Relevant SDGs
  Contributing Toward Realizing an Eco-friendly Decarbonized Society with the Power of Unique New Materials
Daicel is the only company that manufactures and sells ε-caprolactone and cycloaliphatic epoxy made by an oxidation reaction using peracetic acid. These products are widely used in such areas as automobiles, semiconductors, and displays.
In particular, we are the leading company in the area of cycloaliphatic epoxy, and our main product, Celloxide 2021P, can be used to create cured products with high crosslink density (high thermal resistance and high optical property) despite its low viscosity, and it is attracting attention as an indispensable raw material for highly advanced materials.
Electric vehicles are likely to gain more attention as a means of reducing CO2 emissions and are expected to account for roughly 20% of all automobiles sold globally by 2030. There is growing demand for even more compact electronic components with higher power output, while carbon fiber reinforced plastics (CFRPs) are attracting attention as a promising alternative to metal for creating lightweight exterior parts. These next-generation components and CFRPs require workability, impregnating ability, and high thermal resistance, which is made possible using the physical properties of cycloaliphatic epoxy, for which further growth is expected.
Looking ahead, we will seek to expand our cycloaliphatic epoxy business by boosting our supply capacity by means of increasing production at multiple bases not to mention our lineup of high-performance, high value-added materials.
CFRP (Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics)
 TOPICS
       Business Environment
• Recovery in demand for products accompanying the resumption of economic activities
• Reduced demand from existing applications for acetate tow
• Growing expectations for cellulose acetate as a biomass material and marine biodegradable material
Daicel’s Strengths
• Accumulated control technologies for the natural material of cellulose
• Integrated the production of acetyl chain products made of acetic acid
• Cost reduction achieved through DAICEL Production Innovation
• Ability to develop new products based on alicyclic epoxy, for which Daicel commands the top share of the global market
  Businesses
 Policy
 Concrete Measures
  Acetyl
   • Develop new applications for cellulose acetate and acetate tow
 • Convert applications of cellulose acetate using natural materials
• Accelerate the pace of development through collaboration with partners both inside and outside the Group
  • Create stable cash flows
  • Ultimate cost reduction due to measures such as expanding the use of low-cost pulp
• Transition to an efficient production system while considering demand
   Chemical
    • Increase production of alicyclic epoxy
 • Establish new production bases for alicyclic epoxy
• Downsize production facilities by changing the production method and construct a flexible production system by numbering-up
  • Strengthen proposals on materials and functions of products with enhanced functionality and high added value
  • Develop a new thermoset resin and collaborate with formulation manufacturers
• Strengthen functional analysis technologies and establish global technical service systems
   Mid-Term Management Strategy: Performance Targets, Capital Expenditures, Depreciation, R&D ■ Performance Targets ■ Capital Expenditures, Depreciation, R&D
       34 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 35
Net sales
Operating income
¥ 104.2
billion
¥ 17.9
FY2021/3 Results
Net sales
Operating income
¥ 105.0
billion
¥ 25.0
FY2026/3
Cumulative Total from FY2022/3 to FY2026/3
Capital expenditures
Depreciation
R&D
¥ 10.5
billion
¥ 43.5 ¥ 73.5
       billion
billion
billion billion

  Chapter II: Daicel Group Businesses and Growth Strategies
Engineering Plastics Business Overview
Polyplastics Co., Ltd. is a leading engineering plastics company offering specialized functions such as mechanical strength and resistance to heat and chemicals, and its solutions have contributed to lighter automobiles with more electric components and higher performance electrical devices. Daicel Miraizu Ltd. provides a broad range of products to diverse industries, including AS and ABS resins with wide-ranging applications, from daily items to automobiles, polymer alloys, and plastics compounds, as well as barrier films for food packaging with excellent moisture and oxygen barrier properties.
  Major Group Company
 Main Products
  Polyplastics
 Polyacetal (POM), polybutylene terephthalate (PBT), polyphenylene sulfide (PPS), liquid crystal polymer (LCP), and cyclic olefin copolymer (COC)
 Daicel Miraizu
  AS resin, ASB resin, various polymer alloys, plastic compounds, and barrier films for packaging
     Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  Mid-Term Management Strategy: Our Approach to the Business Strategy and Initiatives
■ Relevant SDGs
   TOPICS
Reusing Parts Discarded after Molding Components as a Resource to Create Products at a Recycling Rate of 80% while Guaranteeing Quality Roughly Equivalent to Virgin Material
 Polyplastics has acquired additional UL certification* for its product LAPEROS® LCP S475 Grade which verifies the fact that its quality (physical properties) at a recycled material usage rate of 80% is equivalent to that of a product made from virgin materials.
LAPEROS® LCP features high heat resistance and mechanical sterength and is widely used in micro precision connectors for the latest IT devices, such as tablets and smartphones, which are becoming ever smaller. Normally, molding components requires ancillary parts such as sprues and runners that are subsequently discarded. As components become smaller, the percentage of ancillary parts relatively rises, causing a problem of more waste rate. Therefore, there is ongoing effort to reuse these parts as a recyclable resource for molding new products. There was also concern, however, about the quality of materials that use recycled sprues and runners. In this context, Polyplastics has acquired an additional UL certification for the S475 Grade of LAPEROS® LCP as capable of achieving required product quality, even at a recycled material usage rate of 80%.
Amid greater public demand for the effective use of resources, Polyplastics will continue to pursue further certifications
and development of new products that can realize both effective resource utilization and reliable product quality for a
sustainable and abundant future society, to become the No. 1 engineering plastic solutions provider.
*Certification provided by Underwriters Laboratory (UL), a third-party product safety and environmental assessment organization, which signifies that the product complies with North American safety requirements.
■ Sprues and Runners that Are Required for ■ Micro Precision Connectors for the Latest IT Molding Components Devices Using LAPEROS® LCP
Sprues
Runners Molding product
      Business Environment
• Global recovery and growth of automobile production
• Advances in self-driving technology for automobiles
• Acceleration of the spread of EVs
• Change in infrastructure, terminals, and services due to the introduction of 5G
• Growing interest in a circular economy
  Major Group Company
 Policy
 Concrete Measures
 Polyplastics
  • Enhance supply capacity and enrich the product portfolio
 • COC debottlenecking (reinforcement work)
• Increase production capacity for COC
• Increase production capacity for LCP
• Increase production capacity for POM
• Increase compound capacity
• Enhance the engineering plastics product lineup through collaboration and business acquisition
 • Increase the share in premium markets in the U.S. and Europe
  • Develop the European and U.S. markets for LCP following dissolution of the merger • Bolster marketing through the Technical Solution Center
   • Create new businesses
  • Create an eco-friendly plastics market
→Development of products using sustainable polymers and raw materials →COC sales expansion that contributes to a circular economy
    Daicel Miraizu
  • Develop products from the perspectives of the environment, safety and security, and comfort
  • Develop environmentally friendly resins based on a compound technology and conduct marketing
• Expand sales of barrier films for packaging, which contributes to reducing food loss by maintaining its freshness
   Mid-Term Management Strategy: Performance Targets, Capital Expenditures, Depreciation, R&D ■ Performance Targets ■ Capital Expenditures, Depreciation, R&D
       Note: Please see page 17 for more information on the synergistic effects of making Polyplastics a wholly owned subsidiary.
36 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 37
Daicel’s Strengths
• Products with a high market share around the world (Polyplastics has the top global market share for POM and LCP)
• Technologies and products accumulated in Asia and a global service supply network
• Technical solution system for quickly responding to customer needs
Net sales
Operating income
¥ 168.6
billion
¥ 21.2
FY2021/3 Results
Net sales
Operating income
¥ 217.0
billion
¥ 35.0
FY2026/3
Cumulative Total from FY2022/3 to FY2026/3
Capital expenditures
Depreciation
R&D
¥ 20.5
billion
¥ 67.0 ¥ 51.5
       billion
billion
billion billion

Chapter III: Foundation of Value Creation
Sustainability Management
The Daicel Group’s business activities are guided on a day-to-day basis by its basic philosophy of making people’s lives better by co-creating value. Today, as public values are changing significantly in terms of realizing a sustainable society, the Group has sought to articulate its basic management approach by laying out the Sustainable Management Policy. Under this policy, we will prioritize safety, quality, and compliance as the most important foundation and seek to achieve a sustainable society and the Group’s business expansion with integrity, tireless efforts, and self-transformation.
Joining the United Nations Global Compact
Daicel Corporation signed the United Nations Global Compact in April 2020 to support its intention to resolve global issues as a responsible corporate citizen. The Global Compact upholds the Ten Principles in the areas of human rights, labor, the environment and anti-corruption. The Daicel Group will comply with and practice the Ten Principles to promote responsible corporate management as a means for contributing to the creation of a sustainable society.
Initiatives for Achieving the SDGs Toward Realizing a Sustainable Society
The Daicel Group believes its corporate mission is to recognize social issues and contribute to realizing a society characterized by sustainable products through business processes and in achieving the SDGs while creating new value for society. In FY2021/3, we sought to promote a greater understanding throughout the Group through the SDGs Ambassadors and activities to enable each employee, including those at Group companies, to develop their awareness of the SDGs and take the initiative to achieve the SDGs through their work.
Initiatives on Eco-friendly Products
The Daicel Group pursues initiaitves to develop eco-friendly products to help achieve the SDGs through its products.
      Sustainable Management Policy
􏰐􏰏􏰎􏰍􏰌􏰋􏰊􏰌􏰉􏰈􏰇 􏰅􏰄􏰃􏰝􏰏􏰂􏰍 􏰠􏰌􏰛􏰛􏰋􏰊􏰇􏰎􏰎 􏰚􏰃􏰄 􏰎􏰃􏰂􏰋􏰇􏰍􏰙 􏰌􏰊􏰝 􏰛􏰇􏰃􏰛􏰈􏰇
􏰐􏰏􏰎􏰍􏰌􏰋􏰊􏰌􏰉􏰈􏰇 􏰅􏰄􏰃􏰂􏰇􏰎􏰎 􏰘􏰊􏰗􏰋􏰄􏰃􏰊􏰟􏰇􏰊􏰍 􏰍􏰖􏰌􏰍 􏰃􏰕􏰇􏰄􏰎 􏰖􏰌􏰛􏰛􏰋􏰊􏰇􏰎􏰎
􏰠􏰏􏰟􏰌􏰊􏰞􏰂􏰇􏰊􏰍􏰇􏰄􏰇􏰝 􏰟􏰌􏰊􏰌􏰜􏰇􏰟􏰇􏰊􏰍
We create and provide people with new values to achieve better quality of life.
The company making lives better by co-creating value
􏰐􏰏􏰎􏰍􏰌􏰋􏰊􏰌􏰉􏰈􏰇 􏰒􏰌􏰈􏰏􏰇 􏰑􏰃􏰜􏰇􏰍􏰖􏰇􏰄
We offer happiness in four domains (health, safety and security, convenience and comfort, and the environment)
We will take on the challenge of achieving carbon neutrality by constructing a Biomass Value Chain
Realize our “Diversity & Inclusion” to create a workplace where employees can achieve a sense of fulfillment
  We construct a circular process with all our stakeholders to make harmonious coexistence with the environment.
 SDGs Ambassador Activities
In FY2021/3, we established a community of SDGs Ambassadors, comprising employees who had volunteered from various worksites and job types or positions to engage in activities that promote SDGs awareness within the Group. A total of 74 ambassadors, including employees from Group companies and those on overseas assignments, participated in regular online study groups (held seven times in FY2021/3) that involved multiple business sites and led activities to raise awareness at each location.
 SDGs Ambassadors at the Arai Plant
   We promote “human-centered management” that enables diverse employees to grow while establishing their own presence and achieving fulfillment.
 􏰐􏰏􏰎􏰍􏰌􏰋􏰊􏰌􏰉􏰈􏰇 􏰅􏰇􏰃􏰛􏰈􏰇 􏰠􏰌􏰛􏰛􏰋􏰊􏰇􏰎􏰎 􏰚􏰃􏰄 􏰔􏰃􏰄􏰓􏰇􏰄􏰎
  Sustainable Management System
In FY2021/3 the Daicel Group established the Sustainable Management Committee, chaired by the president and mainly comprising the heads of CSR-related divisions as members to engage in management-level discussions on the important agenda of promoting a circular society and Daicel’s response to climate change. We also seek to raise the level of our CSR actions on issues including human rights, work environment, corporate ethics, sustainable procurement, and information disclosure through the activities of subcommittees on specific issues. Daicel will continue to address issues related to sustainability group-wide.
Diagram of the Sustainable Management System
Board of Directors
Reports Advises
Management Meetings
   Examples of products that contribute to Goal 12
 Konjac-derived ceramide supplement for resource recycling
Tobiko (fly powder) from konjac tubers discarded in the past contain ceramides that are beneficial for maintaining health and beauty. Daicel developed a supplement
by upcycling tobiko powder using patented manufacturing methods.
Floating labels that raise the recylcing ratio of PET bottles
TOPAS® COC is being used as a material for labels with a smaller specific gravity than conventional labels, allowing them to float in water. Both materials can be collected
as high-purity resin by efficiently separating labels and bottles.
        Reports
Advises and Instructs
  Sustainable Management Committee
Chair: ViceChair: Advisors:
Members:
President DirectorinchargeofCorporateSustainabilityDivision Senior managing executive officers;
Director in charge of corporate division related to CSR; Directors of business, R&D, and production divisions; Directors of major Group companies
Heads of corporate division related to CSR;
Leaders of relevant projects
   Issues to be addressed across divisions
Subcommittees on specific issues
 38 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 39
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  Relevant committees and projects (Energy Strategy Committee and others)

Chapter III: Foundation of Value Creation
Identifying Key Sustainability Issues (Materiality)
Under its basic philosophy of improving the quality of life by co-creating value, the Daicel Group pursues business activities based on its Sustainable Management Policy. In formulating the Accelerate 2025-II Mid-Term Management Strategy in FY2021/3, we identified the materiality that will drive our efforts to realize it. Going forward, we will continue to apply a CAPD cycle to address material issues for achieving a sustainable society.
Background and Approach to Identifying Our Materiality
We sought to identify our materiality by giving due consideration to how the Daicel Group could draw upon its strengths toward addressing social issues represented by the SDGs from the perspectives of the “Product, Process and People” in our Sustainable Management Policy. We also examined aspects related to safety, quality, and compliance as the priority foundation for our action.
Process of Identifying Materiality
 Materiality
Relevant SDGs
Sustainable Product
Happiness for society and peopleContribute to beauty and health See page 28• Sustainable cosmetic raw materials
• Health food materials for intestinal microbiome products • Solutions for the pharmaceutical market
• Medical devices using “One-Time Energy”Contribute to the Smart Society See page 30
• High-performance films that contribute to the functional improvement of displays
• Solvents for semiconductor processing and polymers for resists
• Visualization technology based on sensing
• High-quality, high-performance materials that contribute to
smart technologyProvide safety and security for society
See page 32• Products that ensure safety and security of mobility
• Products that ensure safety and security of civilian applicationsProvide environmentally friendly materials and technology
See page 34 and 36
 • Environmentally friendly plastics
• Materials and functional products that reduce environmental
impact
• Water treatment membranesSustainable Process
Environment that offers happinessContribute to the development of a circular society
See page 20• New biomass product tree
• Recycling waste and CO2 into raw materials • Biomass Value ChainRespond to climate change
See page 42• Energy optimization and energy offset • Clean energy
• Carbon recycling and carbon offset
• Other CO2 reduction measuresSustainable People
Happiness for workersPromote diversity and inclusion
See page 46• Work environment where everyone can work with vigor regardless of gender, age, nationality or disabilitySupport personal growth• Personnel development for honing expertise
• Framework to support employees who take on challenges • Highly fair evaluation systemEnvironmentReduce environmental impact
See page 43
• Water resource preservation
• Environmental management and prevention of air pollution
• Reduced emissions and effective management of chemical
substances
• Consideration for the local environment
• Reduction and recycling of industrial waste in business activitiesSocialEnsure process safety and occupational health and safety
See page 47• Elimination of process incidents based on risk assessments • Minimization of damages based on crisis assessmentsEnsure chemical safety and enhance product quality
See page 47• Reinforced quality management to prevent recurrence of quality defects
• Centralized management and sharing of chemical substance informationRespect human rights
See page 44
• Establishment and implementation of human rights due diligence
• Development of a framework for corrective and remedial action against human rights abuses, and employee education
• Dialogue with stakeholders on human rightsFoster a corporate culture that meets employee needs• Shorter working hours and improvement in the annual paid leave acquisition ratio
• Promotion of telework and support for flexible work stylesPromote sustainable procurement See page 45• Dialogue with suppliers on promoting CSR
• Improved level of CSR across the supply chainGovernanceStrengthen foundation for Group governance and compliance
See page 48-59
• Reinforce corporate governance
• Enforce thorough compliance
• Strengthen risk management initiatives • Boost information security    Step 1
Extract social issues
Step 2
Prioritize
We referenced international guidelines, SDGs, the principles of the United Nations Global Compact and guidelines published by industry organizations to extract social issues that the Daicel Group should address.
We assessed items extracted in Step 1 by giving consideration to the following aspects to identify key themes with high priority by plotting them on the materi- ality map according to “Importance to stakeholders” and “Importance to the Daicel Group.” We then sorted them into the two categories of “Growth of the Daicel Group and value co-creation” and “Foundation for the Daicel Group's continuity and governance.”
• Consistency between the Long-Term Vision and Mid-Term Management Strategy
• Consistency with related policies such as the Sustainable Management Policy, the Daicel Group Conduct Policy, and the Daicel Code of Conduct
• Consolidation of opinions from relevant departments
The Corporate Sustainability Division and other relevant divisions discussed the validity of important themes identified through Steps 1 and 2. The results were reported and approved at the Management Meeting and subsequently endorsed by the Board of Directors.
By going through Steps 1 to 3, we identified 15 material issues and will designate a KPI for each, and we will periodically evaluate progress to maintain a CAPD cycle. We will also review our materiality as needed in response to future changes in society and our business.
     Important themes     Step 3
Confirm validity
Step 4
Formulate materiality and KPIs
    40 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 41

    Environmental Report Growth of the Daicel Group and value co-creation Response to Climate Change
The Daicel Group designated its medium- to long-term targets for reducing GHG emissions under its Basic Policies on Responsible Care with the goal of realizing a carbon neutral society. We will seek to reduce GHG emissions for the Group and throughout our cross- value chain following a fundamental review of our production processes. We will also embrace new technologies and renewable energy while switching fuels and optimizing energy consumption.

To achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, we designated a medium-term target of reducing GHG emissions by 50%, compared to FY2019/3 levels, by 2030. We decided on this target after referencing the level of reductions required to maintain the global rise in temperature below 1.5°C from Pre-Industrial Revolution levels, as laid out by the Paris Agreement, and to adhere to the framework of the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).To achieve this medium-term target, we will further develop the energy-saving initiatives we have been undertaking, for GHG emission reductions.Bolstering our Structure for Promoting GHG Emission Reductions
To bolster our group-wide initiatives for saving energy and reducing GHG emissions, we established the Energy Strategy Committee in July 2020, which reports directly to the president, by expanding the scope of the Energy Saving Promotion Committee. The Energy Strategy Committee is chaired by the officer responsible for the Production Management Headquarters, with membership comprising the heads of our production, energy, and other corporate departments in Japan. The committee promotes energy savings and also constructs a circular process for the entire Group that is in harmony with the global environment to achieve the GHG emission reduction target, from the three aspects of GHG emissions in the current production process, the Energy Department, and innovative technology.

The Daicel Group’s GHG emissions for FY2021/3 decreased by 5% year-on-year to 2,131 kt-CO2 due to initiatives such as improving the tire-derived fuel ratio at the Ohtake Plant and shifting to highly efficient boilers at Polyplastics Asia Pacific Sdn. Bhd.

The Daicel Group follows its Basic Policies for Responsible Care to implement a variety of initiatives for reducing environmental impact, including preservation of water resources, environmental management of air pollution, reductions in emissions and appropriate management of chemical substances. With regard to waste reduction and recycling, we are further promoting the 3Rs to reduce the amount of waste. This includes efforts to save resources, reuse, and recycle as we strive to realize a circular society and circular economy.

As our mid-term target for the period ending FY2026/3, we are focusing on (1) raising the recycling rate at Daicel's business sites and Domestic Group companies to 95% or higher and (2) achieving zero emissions at Daicel’s business sites and Domestic Group companies. To improve our recycling rate, we will continue to apply the 3Rs to industrial waste by promoting the effective use of resources and reducing the amount of waste incinerated without energy recovery. In regard to achieving zero emissions, we will work on enhancing our recycling rate for plastic waste and organic sludge.

The Daicel Group intends to achieve zero emission status by promoting initiatives for reducing industrial waste centered on the 3Rs. In FY2021/3, the amount of industrial waste generated by the Group decreased by 21% compared to the previous fiscal year to 146 kilotonnes as plant removal work peaked and production of some products was adjusted. The amount of landfill waste fell 54% year-on-year to 2.1 kilotonnes. The recycling rate for Daicel’s business sites and Domestic Group companies in FY2021/3 remained
unchanged from the previous fiscal year at 94%. The landfill rate was 1.1%, and we will seek to achieve zero emissions as a new target from FY2022/3.


At the Daicel Group, we recognize that, in order to progress and grow in tandem with society, it is imperative that we respect the human rights of anyone and everyone involved in or connected to us through our business activities. To fulfill this responsibility, the Daicel Group establishes the Daicel Group Human Rights Policy.
Human Rights Due Diligence
Under its Human Rights Policy, the Daicel Group has stated a commitment to support the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and consistently implement human rights due diligence in accordance with the Guiding Principles.
Initiatives for Group Companies
Daicel has been conducting risk assessments on human rights for Group companies both in and outside of Japan since FY2020/3. We are committed to pursuing initiatives for ensuring human rights due diligence at 100% of our major Group companies.

The Daicel Group promotes initiatives that ensure respect for human rights across its supply chain by addressing issues concerning human rights and labor practices in the Daicel Group CSR Purchasing Guidelines, in addition to its Human Rights Policy. We ask major suppliers to fill in a Self-Assessment-Questionnaire (SAQ) on CSR procurement, which includes assessment items concerning human rights and labor practices to identify human rights risks in our supply chain.

In FY2021/3, we implemented human rights education and training along with other topics through e-learning for Daicel Corporation and Group companies in Japan. We also distributed the educational materials on corporate ethics each month throughout the Daicel Group. These materials include content related to human rights, such as harassment based on sexual orientation and gender identity (SOGI) and working with persons with different backgrounds. Moreover, we invited a lecturer who identifies as LGBT and held human rights education on LGBT specific issues for Directors of Daicel Corporation and Group companies in Japan. The video of this lecture was shared with all Group companies in Japan. By using the film, each department implemented human rights education.
In July, 2021, we implemented e-learning dedicated to human rights. This program began by explaining the basic idea of respecting human rights and provided information on the key global issues of forced labor, child labor and human trafficking. The program also provided an opportunity for learning about the Human Rights Policy and about specific human rights issues arising from the COVID-19 pandemic.

In its purchasing activities, the Daicel Group carefully evaluates quality, pricing, and delivery dates while also considering social impact, in such areas as the environment, human rights, and the labor force. We have established our views on purchasing in the Basic Purchasing Policy and the Daicel Group CSR Purchasing Guidelines, and we seek compliance from our suppliers as we work together toward realizing a sustainable society in an effort that extends across the entire supply chain.
System for Promoting Sustainable Procurement
In FY2021/3, the Daicel Group established a Procurement Subcommittee under the Sustainable Management Committee for promoting sustainable procurement with a sense of unity throughout the Group. The subcommittee comprises individuals charged with supervising procurement from the Raw Materials Purchasing Center, Corporate Sustainability Division, SBUs, and major Group companies and meets periodically to engage in discussions encompassing the entire Group in regard to procurement operations that had been conducted by each business site or Group company in the past. The subcommittee met five times in FY2021/3.
Initiatives for Sustainable Procurement
Selection Process for New Suppliers
When initiating transactions for purchasing major raw materials and fuels from a new supplier, we confirm the status of the supplier’s initiatives on realizing a sustainable society, according to the content of the transaction. Specifically, we examine the supplier’s activities across a wide range of areas, including items related to quality assurance and stable supply, corporate governance, fair trade, human rights, labor conditions, health and safety, business management, contribution to local communities, information security, and promotion of CSR, and expansion of initiatives across the supply chain. We plan to conduct a comprehensive assessment based on the results and use them as criteria for deciding whether to initiate business with a supplier.
Self-Assessment-Questionnaire (SAQ) on CSR Procurement
To assess the sustainability initiatives of suppliers, the Daicel Group created an SAQ by referring to the SAQ created by the UN Global Compact Network Japan. We seek to raise awareness among suppliers and reduce environmental and social risks by using our SAQ to periodically assess such risks and by offering feedback.

Result of Self-Assessment Questionnaire on CSR Procurement
In FY2021/3, we conducted an SAQ targeting 797 major suppliers of the Daicel Group, accounting for over 85% of total procurement, and received responses from 664 companies, an 83% response rate. For the 173 companies that were deemed to be lacking, we will confirm the issues with each supplier and support improvement efforts. We value communicating with our suppliers and will work together to develop a sustainable supply chain.

In its Sustainability Management Policy, the Daicel Group clearly states its commitment to realizing a sustainable society and expanding business by promoting “human-centered management” that enables diverse employees to grow while establishing their own presence and achieving fulfillment. In this regard, it is creating a workplace environment that supports diversified human resources and in which each employee can fully demonstrate their talents.

Promoting Diversity with the WellBe Project, Launched in January 2020
WellBe comprises volunteers from each Daicel department, with the company’s President and CEO serving as lead supporter. Aimed at making employees happier, the project organizes special events and training sessions to raise their awareness about certain issues. The Human Resources Division collaborates with the project to introduce new workstyles and develop initiatives to improve the working environment. One project catchphrase for FY2021/3 was “Home katsu no ohitashi-zoe de arigato,” a play on words in Japanese meaning “offer praise, refrain from scolding, offer help, declare support and express gratitude.” By encouraging employees to practice these through online seminars, the corporate intranet, and employee surveys, the project fosters a corporate culture of mutual respect within a diverse workforce.
 Advancing Women in the Workplace
Daicel promotes diversity with a focus on advancing female employees. We support the career development of motivated women through measures such as seminars for developing female leaders while also cultivating an environment that supports a healthy balance between work and personal life by, for example, introducing a telework system and raising the annual paid leave acquisition ratio. These efforts help to create workplace settings and systems for a diverse group of employees including women in order to fully demonstrate their talents. In April 2021, Daicel Corporation updated its five-year action plan and set new targets.
Action Plan (Daicel Corporation, April 2021 through March 2026)
 Target 1 Target 2
Target 3 Target 4
Maintain at least two female directors, including executive officers (one female director as of April 2021)
Aim: Maintain and improve corporate governance by incorporating diverse perspectives at every level of the corporate workforce.
Increase the ratio of women in management positions to at least 10% (4% as of April 2021)
Aim: Seek gender equality in management positions to become an organization capable of meeting diversifying customer needs by incorporating and sharing diverse perspectives and opinions.
Raise the ratio of women in positions immediately under section managers to 15% or higher (10% as of April 2021)
Aim: Bring the company-wide gender ratio closer to equal and develop a working environment in which everyone can work with vigor.
Ensure that all employees take a five-day holiday once a year using paid leave and designated national holidays.
Aim: Support employees in leading meaningful lives and having good physical and mental health through well-planned long holidays.
 Promoting Employment of Persons with Disabilities
Achieving the statutory employment rate of persons with disabilities in the total workforce is a corporate social responsibility. Daicel systematically strives to hire persons with disabilities so they can contribute as members of society and leverage their capabilities to the greatest extent possible. As of June 1, 2021, the rate of persons with disabilities was 2.43% (non-consolidated). To ensure that each individual can contribute in the best possible way at each work site, we pay the utmost attention to assigning suitable jobs according to the degree of disability. In FY2021/3, we sought the cooperation of the public employment security office and held an online seminar on cultivating supporters for persons with mental and developmental disorders. We are developing a disability- confident workplace by deepening understanding among their colleagues.

Initiatives on Process Safety and Disaster Prevention
Under the Daicel Group Basic Policies for Responsible Care, the Daicel Group designates safety as one of the priority foundation that is protected by conducting assessments to identify, eliminate, and mitigate any risks associated with ensuring safe processes and preventing disasters. In the event of an incident involving process safety, we take action based on BCP guidelines for minimizing damage.
Initiatives for Preventing Occupational Accidents
The Daicel Group is working to improve occupational health and safety under the leadership of safety management supervisors assigned to each business site through a system of responsible care under the direct supervision of the president and CEO. Management and business sites exchange information on occupational accidents and process safety incidents using a database specifically designed for that purpose. Supervisors of the environmental and safety divisions meet once a month to determine the root causes of accidents and reported incidents, identify similar cases, and implement countermeasures across relevant business sites.
The number of occupational accidents in FY2021/3 decreased by 23 year-on-year to 53. There were no accidents with fatalities. In FY2021/3, the occupational accident frequency rate improved by 0.66 points from 2.64 in the previous fiscal year to 1.98.

Initiatives on Chemicals Management
Under the Daicel Group Basic Policies for Responsible Care, the Daicel Group implements chemicals management based on risks that arise across the product life cycle, from development and manufacturing to use, consumption, and disposal. We maintain compliance with domestic and international laws and regulations on chemical product management by gathering information on the latest regulatory trends and revisions and by periodically holding exchanges to share information on regulations governing chemical products.
Initiatives for Enhancing Product Quality
The Daicel Group seeks to ensure and enhance quality based on its Quality Policy. We also pursue continuous improvement by developing a quality management system supervised by the general manager of each production site.
We respond to complaints and inquiries from customers by conducting a primary investigation to verify process failures and signs of abnormality at each stage and promptly provide feedback. Furthermore, we work to prevent a recurrence by following up with investigations into the causes of the incident or leakage and implement corrective and preventive action.

  Chapter III: Foundation of Value Creation
Roundtable Discussion with Outside Directors
Expectations for the Mid-Term Management Strategy and the Importance of Risk Management
Outside Director,
Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee, Honorary Advisor of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
Teisuke Kitayama
Outside Director,
Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee, Outside Director of Japan Airlines Co., Ltd., Outside Director of Maruha Nichiro Corporation
Sonoko HacchojiConceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
 Accelerate 2025-II has just been launched as our Mid-Term Management Strategy for contributing to the development of a circular society. We took this opportunity to invite three of our outside directors representing different backgrounds to share their expectations for the strategy and their views on the importance of risk management in a roundtable discussion with Kotaro Sugimoto, Representative Director of Daicel Corporation.
  Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member Advisor of Nagashima Ohno & Tsunematsu, Attorney at Law
Hideo Makuta
Representative Director, Senior Managing Executive Offifificer, General Manager of Corporate Support Headquarters, Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee, Member of the Management Advisory Committee
Kotaro Sugimoto
   Directors Engage in a Free Exchange of Views During Board Meetings
Sugimoto Let me begin by asking about your impressions of Daicel’s Board of Directors.
Makuta I joined the board in June last year and felt there was a lively exchange of opinions led by outside directors. Some of their views are quite critical, and I have also freely expressed my opinions during meetings.
Kitayama I have been a board member for the past three years and have felt that the atmosphere at Daicel has made it much easier to offer one’s opinions than that of other companies. Hacchoji The open minded atmosphere and disciplined proceedings work together to ensure good progress in the board meetings. I think we engage in meaningful board meetings that allow us a free exchange of views among members.
Looking Back on Major Agendas of FY2021/3 from the Perspective of Effectiveness
Sugimoto How effective was the board in discussing major agendas, which were the large-scale investment for making Polyplastics a wholly owned subsidiary and formulation of the Mid-Term Management Strategy?
Makuta I was confronted with a major management decision concerning Polyplastics immediately after my appointment and felt a little lost at first. However, I participated in the discussion thanks to the detailed explanation offered by Chairperson Fudaba. Daicel makes a sincere effort to share information openly with outside directors and ensure that we have adequate reference materials and time to make confident decisions.
The Company operates a highly effective Board of Directors in the sense that it honors its stewardship responsibilities and
guarantees in a safe environment which allow members to make management decisions.
Hacchoji In formulating the Mid-Term Management Strategy, I pointed out the possibility that investors and employees may not understand expressions that are unique to Daicel or words that are used differently from their normal context. I focused on bridging the gap based on an outsider’s perspective to ensure that Daicel’s passionate aspirations are conveyed to others. Sugimoto As an inside member of the board, I tried to provide the information in advance so as to facilitate appropriate deliberation by outside directors, such as M&A projects including the Polyplastics case. Regarding the latest Mid-Term Management Strategy, outside directors offered numerous opinions and spent much time on discussing the issues,
which provides me with the sense of truly working together to formulate this strategy. Please comment on the content of the strategy.
Mid-Term Management Strategy: Honing Daicel’s Competitive Edge with a New Approach and an Unchanging Corporate DNA
Kitayama As Mr. Sugimoto pointed out, the Mid-Term Management Strategy was made public after holding four or five discussions following the initial stage. It upholds the new corporate mission of contributing to the development of a circular society and presents a carefully crafted strategy for fulfilling this mission. I believe that Daicel’s innovative creations will accelerate based on the customer-in approach adopted as a commitment to address social issues and customer needs directly. As seen in the joint development project with Daikin Industries, Ltd. (page 19), I have great expectations that the broad range of technologies and unique product lineups that characterize Daicel will directly lead to greater possibilities for
48 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 49
Chapter III: Foundation of Value Creation
Roundtable Discussion with Outside Directors
    co-creating new value both within the Group and with other companies.
Makuta I would like to see Daicel surprise the world with significant innovations by accumulating the experience of co- creating value with various companies, including startups, in
a unified team effort on new business development across all departments. As evidenced by DAICEL Production Innovation, Daicel’s competence lies in its ability to take on the challenges of manufacturing head on and seeing it through to completion. The Company is likely to encounter major challenges in the course of executing its grand Mid-Term Management Strategy, but I am convinced that the targets will be met by tenaciously taking one steady step at a time.
Hacchoji Daicel will shift from a stance of delivering technologies and products based on its own perspective
to a customer-in approach of solving problems alongside customers as an issue-identifying company. I hope this change will further strengthen Daicel’s excellent corporate DNA of seeking new applications for its existing technologies based on flexible thinking, as in the case of its pyrotechnology used in airbag inflators, which has been applied to create ActranzaTM lab., a device for injecting medicine under the skin without using needles. I also give high marks to the Mid- Term Management Strategy from the perspective of fostering employees who will inherit this DNA.
Sugimoto Under the strategy, it is important to implement change as needed while maintaining Daicel’s positive DNA. By continuing Human-centered Management, we will also focus on creating vibrant workplaces for our employees.
Importance of Risk Management
Sugimoto The economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has deepened our awareness by providing a lesson on the importance of risk management. Amid the dramatic changes in the business environment, I feel there are broad issues we must address in that area. What are your views as outside directors with regard to Daicel’s current status and issues?
Kitayama Aswellasdisastersandeconomicvolatility,
climate risks have become more significant since the Japanese government committed to achieving carbon-neutral status by 2050. The Accelerate 2025-II Mid-Term Management Strategy has upheld the goals of reducing emission of greenhouse gas by 50% by 2030 and achieving carbon-neutral status by 2050, but this will require commensurate costs. I will be carefully watching how these costs play out amid the need for other strategic investments. Hacchoji Daicel seeks to contribute to the development of
a circular society and includes climate change initiatives in its sustainable management policy, which show that it recognizes climate change not only in terms of Business Continuity Plans and risk management but also as a vital concern for chemical manufacturers.
Makuta While long-term verification is required to assess
the impact of environmental and social risks such as climate change and human rights, the very survival of a company may be threatened if it comes under fire over these issues. On the other hand, a sincere response to these issues may enhance corporate value. This is a theme that must be tackled under President Ogawa’s strong leadership.
Sugimoto Since chemical manufacturing is an energy intensive industry, we have continuously sought to reduce energy consumption as we contribute to society through business. However, seeking a response amid expectations of a
further rise in costs poses a major challenge.
Makuta Speaking from my experience with various industries, Daicel is capable of making an earnest effort to address environmental and social issues. And my view is strengthened by Daicel’s stance on quality control. Many companies consider quality defects as an individual issue that can be resolved through employee training, but Daicel tries to identify the root cause of defects and considers measures at the facility and raw material levels with the aim of preventing a recurrence. It is a company that invests generously where necessary to ensure steady improvement, so I am convinced that it will sincerely face up to environmental and social risks. That said, I think it can do better at sharing risk information with outside directors. We can make decisions and offer advice that are more appropriate if the Company will consistently share such information.
Sugimoto As Mr. Makuta pointed out, we often receive feedback on providing much clear information on risks and
are aware that this is an area in which we can do better. We pride ourselves on being an honest company that discloses information sincerely and will consider ways to share risk information with outside directors.
Hacchoji What I fear most are risks that we cannot even imagine, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. It is our responsibility as outside directors to keep such cases in mind to uncover latent risks in each major project from an external perspective. And it is important to expand the scope of the risk map by doing so.
Makuta At the same time, a company needs to pursue aggressive governance and take risks from time to time in order to achieve business growth. It is our role as outside directors to offer objective opinions based on knowledge in our respective areas of expertise to encourage executive officers so they can steer the Company toward a rational course between risk- taking and risk management.
Fostering Manager Candidates for the Next Generation
Sugimoto We recognize that fostering future managers
is another major issue. I would like to hear the views of Mr. Kitayama and Ms. Hacchoji, who are also members of the Nomination and Compensation Committee.
Kitayama With regard to fostering future managers, I would like to see the Company create an organization in which employees can express their opinions to their superiors without hesitation. In ancient China, there were officers appointed to warn and advise the Emperor on political matters. Taizong, the second Emperor in the Tang dynasty, is said to have ruled well by listening closely even to scathing criticism from his subjects. I hope Daicel will make this kind of management its goal and
foster personnel who can directly express their views on various strategies and initiatives.
Hacchoji A leader who can make employees happy must have enough experience of overcoming hardship. I believe
the only way to foster future leaders is through experience. While employees can acquire knowledge on management through training sessions, they cannot develop leadership without practical experience. So, I hope individuals will gain management skills through experience to become excellent leaders.
Sugimoto Thank you very much for your time today. We will certainly strive to live up to your expectations by incorporating your candid remarks in managing the Company.
   50 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 51
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
   
Chapter III: Foundation of Value Creation
Directors, Audit & Supervisory Board Members,
and Executive Officers (as of June 25, 2021) Masafumi Nogimori*
Outside Director, Chairperson of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
Directors
 Misao Fudaba
Chairperson of Board of Directors, Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
Kotaro Sugimoto
Representative Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee, Member of the Management Advisory Committee, General Manager of Corporate Support Headquarters, Responsible for Corporate Compliance Program, Responsible for Corporate Sustainability
Toshio Asano*
Outside Director, Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
       April 1979 June 2006
June 2008 June 2010 June 2019
Joined the Company Executive Officer
Deputy Head of Corporate Support Center Head of Raw Material Purchasing Center President and CEO
Chairperson of Board of Directors (incumbent)
April 1984 June 2011 June 2014
June 2017 June 2019 June 2020
Joined the Company
Head of Raw Material Purchasing Center
Executive Officer, President of Daicel Logistics Service Co., Ltd.
Managing Executive Officer
Representative Director (incumbent)
Senior Managing Executive Officer (incumbent)
April 2005 June 2006 June 2011 June 2016 June 2017
Executive Vice President and Representative Director of Astellas Pharma Inc.
President & CEO and Representative Director of Astellas Pharma Inc.
Chairperson and Representative Director of Astellas Pharma Inc.
Retired from Chairperson and Representative Director of Astellas Pharma Inc.
Director of Daicel Corporation (incumbent)
April 2010
April 2014 June 2014
April 2016 June 2016 June 2019
President & Representative Director, Presidential Executive Officer of Asahi Kasei Pharma Corporation
Presidential Executive Officer of Asahi Kasei Corporation
President & Representative Director and Presidential Executive Officer of Asahi Kasei Corporation
Director and Standing Advisor of Asahi Kasei Corporation
Standing Advisor of Asahi Kasei Corporation (incumbent)
Director of Daicel Corporation (incumbent)
 Yoshimi Ogawa
Representative Director, President and CEO, Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee, Chairperson of the Management Advisory Committee, Responsible for Research Center, and Executive Consultant, Polyplastics Co., Ltd.
Yasuhiro Sakaki
Director, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Member of the Management Advisory Committee, General Manager of Corporate Planning & Strategy Headquarters, Responsible for Safety SBU, and Healthcare SBU, Responsible for Raw Material Purchasing Center
Teisuke Kitayama*
Outside Director, Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
Takeshi Furuichi*
Outside Director, Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
        April 1983 April 2002 June 2006
June 2009 June 2011 June 2013 April 2014
June 2017 June 2019
Joined the Company
Head of Business Process Innovation
Executive Officer, Deputy Head of Aerospace & Defense Systems/Safety Systems Company
Head of Production Technology Director (incumbent)
Managing Executive Officer
General Manager of Production Technology
Headquarters
Senior Managing Executive Officer Representative Director, President and CEO (incumbent)
April 1984 June 2012 June 2014 June 2016
June 2017 June 2019 June 2020
Joined the Company
Head of Organic Chemical Products Company Executive Officer
Head of Aerospace & Defense Systems/Safety Systems Company
Managing Executive Officer
Senior Managing Executive Officer (incumbent) Director (incumbent)
June 2005
April 2011
April 2017 June 2017 June 2018 October 2018
Director President (Representative Director)
of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc., Chairperson of the Board (Representative Director) of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
Retired from Director of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc.,
Chairperson of the Board of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
Director of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation Advisor of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation Director of Daicel Corporation (incumbent) Honorary Advisor of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (incumbent)
March 2010 March 2012 July 2016 June 2020
Representative Director and Senior Managing Executive Officer of Nippon Life Insurance Company
Representative Director and Executive Vice President of Nippon Life Insurance Company
Representative Director and Vice Chairperson of Nippon Life Insurance Company (incumbent)
Director of Daicel Corporation (incumbent)
Akihisa Takabe
Director, Managing Executive Officer, Member of the Management Advisory Committee, Head of Innovation and Business Development Headquarters, Responsible for Intellectual Property Center, Responsible for CPI Company
Sonoko Hacchoji*
Outside Director, Member of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
    Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Members
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
April 1984 June 2008 April 2014
February 2015 June 2015 June 2019 June 2020
Joined the Company
President of Daicel Safety Systems Inc.
Head of Central Research Center
Head of Corporate Research Center of R&D Headquarters
Deputy General Manager of R&D Headquarters Executive Officer
Director (incumbent)
Managing Executive Officer (incumbent)
November 1993
March 2002 January 2006
March 2011
April 2017
June 2019 April 2020
Executive Officers
Hitoshi Hayashi
Deputy General Manager of Innovation and Business Development Headquarters
Masaaki Fujio
Head of Responsible Care
Akio Kojima
General Manager of Smart SBU
Haruyoshi Tashika
General Manager of Ohtake Plant of Chain Production Company
Vice President of IBJ International Plc., UK securities subsidiary of The Industrial Bank of Japan, Ltd.
Executive Officer of IBJ Leasing Co., Ltd. Director (General Manager of Administration Division) of Yuki Management & Research Co., Ltd. Managing Director and Managing Executive Officer of FUJITA KANKO INC. (Chief of Planning Group and Deputy Chief of Business Operations Division) Special Advisor to the President (Chief Strategy Officer) of Tsuda University
Director of Daicel Corporation (incumbent) Special Advisor to the President of Tsuda University
Seiji Yamakado
Head of Customer Center, Responsible for Digital Strategy Division
Nobuhiko Ikeda
Head of Multiple Production Company, General Manager of Harima Plant of Multiple Production Company
Kazuya Kurosawa
President of Daicel Miraizu Ltd., Chairperson of Shanghai Daicel Polymers,Ltd.
Kei Yamane
Head of Research Center
   Shinji Fujita
Hisanori Imanaka
Ryo Ichida*
Certified Public Accountant, Tax Accountant, Ryo Ichida Certified Public Accountant Office
Junichi Mizuo*
Representative Director and Chairperson of the Japan Compliance & Governance Institute, Honorary Professor of Surugadai University; Ph.D. in Business Administration
Hideo Makuta*
Attorney at Law Advisor of Nagashima Ohno & Tsunematsu
Takaharu Takikawa
Head of Engineering Center, Division manager of Plant Engineering of Engineering Center
Yoichi Nemoto
Deputy General Manager of Corporate Support Headquarters
Senior Managing Executive Officers
Hidekage Kojima
Responsible for Material SBU, and Smart SBU
Toshio Shiwaku
General Manager of Performance Materials Headquarters, President and CEO of Polyplastics Co., Ltd.
Managing Executive Officers
Naotaka Kawaguchi
General Manager of Safety SBU, Chairperson of Daicel Safety Systems (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd., Chairperson of Daicel Safety Technologies (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd., Chairperson of Daicel Safety Systems Americas, Inc.
Masamichi Mitsuuchi
Responsible for Engineering Center
Takashi Miyamoto
Head of Material SBU
Takashi Iiyama
General Manager of Production Management Headquarters, Company Head of Chain Production Company, Responsible for Monozukuri Production Innovation Center
* Independent Director or Independent Audit & Supervisory Board Member
  52 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 53
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  
Chapter III: Foundation of Value Creation
  Governance
Corporate Governance
Strengthening corporate governance is an important management task that enables us to enhance corporate value and achieve our social mission and responsibilities as a listed company. Daicel maintains its agility by clarifying the responsibilities of each part of its organization and by adopting a management system that supports timely decision-making and implementation. Moreover, by actively soliciting external opinions to improve management transparency and fairness, Daicel will strive to maintain the soundness of its corporate management.
Corporate Governance Framework (as of June 25, 2021)
 General Meeting of Shareholders
Appointment Report
 Appointment Appointment
Collaboration
Audit
    External Auditors
Accounting Audit and Internal Control Audit
Audit & Supervisory Board
5 Audit & Supervisory Board Members (including 3 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members)
Board of Directors
10 Directors (including 5 Outside Directors)
Nomination and Compensation Committee
    Executive Body
Collaboration
President
(Executive Officer, concurrent position)
Management Advisory Committee
 Management Meetings
     Risk Management Committee, Information Disclosure Committee, Internal Control Council
Management Debrief Meeting
 Strategy Meetings
    Auditing
  Internal Audit and Advice
Responsible Care
Responsible Care Audit and Advice
Quality Management
Quality Management and Advice
Corporate Compliance Program
 SBUs, All in-house Companies, Production and R&D Sites, Corporate Departments and Group Companies
Note: Each Executive Officers bear their responsibility to execute operations as heads of SBUs, heads of in-house companies, heads of sites, heads of corporate divisions or presidents of group companies.
Compliance Audit and Advice
Subsidiary, SBU and in-house Company Presidents’ Meetings
      Report
  History of Strengthening Corporate Governance
      2000              2010              2020
 Separation of supervisory from business execution functions
 ●1999 Introduced the Executive Officer System ●2015 Increased the ratio of Outside Directors to 50%  ●2000 Appointed Outside Directors
  Clarification of management responsibilities, Building
a system that responds quickly to changes
 ●2003 Shortened the term of office for Directors from two years to one
  Establishment of various committees
●2000 Established the Nomination and Compensation Committee
 ●2002 Established the Management Advisory Committee
         ●2006 Established the Information Disclosure Committee / the Risk Management Committee               ●2010 Established the Internal Control Council
 Effectiveness Evaluation of the Board of Directors
 ●2016 Started to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board of Directors
    ●2020 Improvedthemethodforevaluatingthe effectiveness of the Board of Directors
    Corporate Governance Framework
The Company has established a corporate framework under which its Board of Directors makes management decisions in an efficient manner and fulfills its supervisory functions, and its Audit & Supervisory Board accomplishes its auditing and supervisory functions. Such a framework has enabled us to keep reinforcing our corporate governance.
Specifically, by welcoming Outside Directors and allowing them to provide opinions and advice based on their expertise, Daicel is working to ensure that the decisions made by its Board of Directors are appropriate and the execution of Director duties is effectively supervised. Moreover, we have adopted an Executive Officer System that has enabled us to clearly separate our decision-making, supervisory, and business execution functions. Such a clear division of roles has allowed us to bolster our business management structure and, consequently, corporate activities.
Corporate Governance Report (July 20, 2021)
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/pdf/governance/cg_report_20210720.pdf
Standards for Independence of Outside Directors and
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/pdf/governance/Standards_for_Independence.pdf
Outline of the Corporate Governance Framework (as of June 25, 2021)
The Audit & Supervisory Board holds meeting to share information, deliberate on, and make decisions about important issues related to the Company’s audits. In addition, Standing Audit & Supervisory Board members are required to attend meetings such as the Management Meetings, Management Debrief Meetings and other important meetings, enabling them to audit the overall management of corporate affairs. Audit & Supervisory Board members regularly receive reports from the Company’s internal auditing divisions and external auditors. They collaborate through the exchange of information and opinions as needed.
Management Advisory Committee
The Management Advisory Committee serves as an advisory body for the president and CEO and is in charge of deliberating important corporate
matters such as the planning of Group strategies and consequent business restructuring. The committee comprises the president and CEO, directors (excluding outside directors) and executive officers designated by the president and CEO and is convened as needed.
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors meets to make decisions concerning important management issues in line with the regulations of the Board of Directors. Furthermore, the Board of Directors supervises the execution of business and business operations. Every outside director at Daicel is tasked with providing advice and supervisory functions according to their experience and expertise. The Company’s 5 outside directors have each been designated as independent directors. In addition to regular monthly meetings, a special meeting of the Board of Directors is also convened as needed.
Nomination and Compensation Committee
The Nomination and Compensation Committee deliberates and reports on the personnel and remuneration of directors, executive officers, and other officers in response to requests from the chairperson of the Board of Directors or the chairperson of the Audit & Supervisory Board. The committee comprises a chairperson who is an outside director, as well as the other outside directors, the chairperson of the Board
of Directors, and representative directors. The committee is chaired by an outside director to ensure the objectivity and transparency of nominations and compensation, and 5 out of 8 members, or the majority, are outside directors.
Audit & Supervisory Board
  Item
 Content
 Type of organizational structure
Company with Audit & Supervisory Board
Chairperson of the Board of Directors
Director, Chairperson of Board of Directors
Number of Directors
10 (including 1 female director)
Number of Outside Directors
5 (all 5 are independent directors)
Number of Audit & Supervisory Board Members
5
Number of Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Members
3 (all 3 are independent Audit & Supervisory Board members)
Number of Executive Officers
20 (including 4 officers concurrently serving as directors)
Number of Board of Director meetings held in FY2021/3 (Average attendance rate of outside directors / outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
 16
(96.3% /100%)
Number of Audit & Supervisory Board meetings held in FY2021/3
(Average attendance rate of outside Audit & Supervisory Board members)
 15 (100%)
Term of office for directors
1 year
Term of office for Audit & Supervisory Board members
4 years
Average term in office for directors
3.8 years
Average term in office for Audit & Supervisory Board members
2.8 years
 Composition of Each Body and Status of Director Activities (as of June 25, 2021)
Note: Attendance rate is the actual result in FY2021/3.
  Name
Position
  Independent Director
 Board of
Directors (Attendance rate)
 Audit & Supervisory Board (Attendance rate)
Nomination and Compensation Committee (Attendance rate)
 Management Advisory Committee (Attendance rate)
 Misao Fudaba
 Chairperson of Board of Directors
  ●(100%)
  ●(100%)
 Yoshimi Ogawa
Representative Director President and CEO
●(100%)
●(100%)
●(100%)
Kotaro Sugimoto
Representative Director
●(100%)
●(100%)
●(100%)
Yasuhiro Sakaki
Director
●(91.7%)
●(100%)
Akihisa Takabe
Director
●(100%)
●(100%)
Masafumi Nogimori
Outside Director
●
●(100%)
●(100%)
Teisuke Kitayama
Outside Director
●
●(100%)
●(100%)
Sonoko Hacchoji
Outside Director
●
●(93.8%)
●(100%)
Toshio Asano
Outside Director
●
●(100%)
●(100%)
Takeshi Furuichi
Outside Director
●
●(91.7%)
●(100%)
Shinji Fujita
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
●(100%)
●(100%)
Hisanori Imanaka
Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
●(100%)
●(100%)
Ryo Ichida
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
●
●(100%)
●(100%)
Junichi Mizuo
Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
●
●(100%)
●(100%)
Hideo Makuta
 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
 ●
 ●(100%)
 ●(100%)
    External Auditor
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC
 54 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 55
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  
Chapter III: Foundation of Value Creation
  Governance
Corporate Governance
Reasons for Appointment of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members (as of June 25, 2021)
Effectiveness Evaluation of the Board of Directors
Daicel conducts an effectiveness evaluation of the Board of Directors to maintain and improve its performance through questionnaires and individual interviews to each board member and Audit & Supervisory Board member.
In view of the Effectiveness Evaluation of FY2020/3, the Board of Directors has been engaged in initiatives for spending more time on issues related to determining management strategy, such as the formulation of medium-term strategies for deliberation by the Board of Directors.
FY2021/3 Effectiveness Evaluation of the Board of Directors
Evaluation methods Conducted a questionnaire and individual interviews on the Board of Directors with regard to its composition, content of deliberation, resolutions and reports, and management method of meeting.
  Name
 Position
 Term of Office
Business execution
 Reason for Appointment
 Remarks
 Misao Fudaba
 Chairperson of Board of Directors
  11 years
 Mr. Fudaba has been contributing to raising Daicel’s corporate value during his tenure as president and CEO of the Company from 2010 to 2019 and subsequently as the chairperson of the Board of Directors. We determined that he was qualified to manage the Daicel Group and its global businesses given his track record and wealth of experience, achievements and insight related to the overall management of Daicel.
 Chairperson of Board of Directors
Yoshimi Ogawa
 Representative Director President and CEO
  10 years
 ●
Mr. Ogawa has demonstrated strong leadership in guiding the entire Group toward achieving higher corporate value as the president and CEO of the Company since June 2019. We determined that he was qualified to manage the Daicel Group and its global business given his track record and wealth of experience, achievements and insight related to the overall management of Daicel.
 Chairperson of Management Advisory Committee
Kotaro Sugimoto
 Representative Director
  2 years
 ●
Mr. Sugimoto possesses a wealth of experience, achievements and insight related to the overall management of Daicel, fostered as the head of administrative departments, including finance and accounting as well as compliance. We determined that he was qualified to manage the Daicel Group and its global businesses.
 Yasuhiro Sakaki
 Director
  1 years
 ●
Mr. Sakaki possesses a wealth of experience, achievements and insight related to the overall management of Daicel, fostered as head of the Pyrotechnic Devices Business and departments involved in promoting corporate strategy. We determined that he was qualified to manage the Daicel Group and its global businesses.
 Akihisa Takabe
 Director
  2 years
 ●
Mr. Takabe possesses a wealth of experience, achievements and insight related to the planning and development of new products at the Daicel Group, fostered as head of R&D and new product development for broad areas including basic technology and product development. We determined that he was qualified to manage the Daicel Group and its global businesses.
 Masafumi Nogimori
 Outside Director
  4 years
 Mr. Nogimori possesses a wealth of insights and experience, fostered as a manager of a company that produces and sells medical products, and applies these in the management of Daicel.
 Chairperson of the Nomination and Compensation Committee
Teisuke Kitayama
 Outside Director
  3 years
 Mr. Kitayama possesses a wealth of insights and experience, fostered as a manager of financial institutions, and applies these in the management of Daicel.
 Sonoko Hacchoji
 Outside Director
  2 years
 Ms. Hacchoji possesses a wealth of insights and experience, fostered as a member of a management team at financial institutions and a hotel management company, and applies these in the management of Daicel.
 Toshio Asano
 Outside Director
  2 years
 Mr. Asasno possesses a wealth of insights and experience, fostered as a manager of companies that manufacture and sell chemical goods, and applies these in the management of Daicel.
 Takeshi Furuichi
 Outside Director
  1 years
 Mr. Furuichi possesses a wealth of insight and experience fostered as a manager of a financial institution, which we hope he will apply to the management of Daicel.
 Shinji Fujita
 Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
  2 years
 Mr. Fujita has been in charge of Daicel’s accounting department for many years. Given this track record, we determined that he was qualified to serve as an Audit & Supervisory member responsible for implementing audits based on a neutral and objective perspective to ensure sound management at Daicel.
 Chairperson of the Audit & Supervisory Board
Hisanori Imanaka
 Standing Audit & Supervisory Board Member
  1 years
 Mr. Imanaka has been in charge of supervising management across departments as the head of Daicel’s management planning and sustainable management. Given this track record, we determined that he was qualified to serve as an Audit & Supervisory member responsible for implementing audits based on a neutral and objective perspective to ensure sound management at Daicel.
 Ryo Ichida
 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
  7 years
 Mr. Ichida possesses highly specialized knowledge, insight and experience gained through his practice of accounting and tax affairs. He has also served as an Outside Director and is experienced in practical business operations. For these and other reasons, the Company has determined that he is qualified for the post of Outside Audit & Supervisory Board member.
 Junichi Mizuo
 Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
  3 years
 Mr. Mizuo possesses highly specialized knowledge and experience as a scholar of CSR, corporate governance and business ethics. He has also served as an Outside Director and is experienced in practical business operations. For these and other reasons, the Company has determined that he is qualified for the post of Outside Audit & Supervisory Board member.
 Hideo Makuta
  Outside Audit & Supervisory Board Member
   1 years
  Mr. Makuta possesses highly specialized knowledge and extensive insight as an attorney at law and has served as a prosecutor at the Supreme Prosecutors Office, a member of the Fair Trade Commission, and an outside officer of companies. Given this track record, the Company has determined that he is qualified for the post of outside Audit & Supervisory Board member.
          Overview of evaluation results
  The Board of Directors engaged in productive discussions with Outside Directors and actively offered their opinions, and we were able to confirm that the board is accomplishing its expected roles effectively. On the other hand, there were some issues that needed to be addressed to improve the board’s effectiveness. Main issues pointed out:
(1) Board composition issues
•Addressing diversity in the Board of Directors (2) Board deliberation issues
•Setting the themes that are particularly appropriate for board deliberations
•Sharing information with the Board of Directors in an appropriate way
•The ideal way for the Board of Directors to monitor progress on the execution of management strategies
(3) Board operation issues
•Ways for enhancing the provision of useful information for making appropriate decisions (handling of technical terms and in-
house jargon, timing of delivering reference materials for board meetings) •Ways for effectively using remote board meetings
 Note: Directors were appointed on June 25, 2021, and Audit & Supervisory Board members were appointed as of the date of the General Meeting of Shareholders held in the past fiscal years.
Note: Daicel does not have a system for paying retirement benefits to officers.
56 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 57
Evaluated
10 Directors and 5 Audit & Supervisory Board Members
  Compensation for Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members
 Basic Policy
(1) Compensation of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members shall be determined by Board of Directors’ resolution for Directors, and Audit & Supervisory Board Members’ discussion for Audit & Supervisory Board Members within the scope of the total amount of compensation, etc., approved by the General Meeting of Shareholders.
(2) Compensation of Directors shall consist of monthly compensation, performance-based bonuses, and stock compensation, which will generally be paid according at a 65:20:15 ratio. This rule does not apply to Outside Directors, who shall be paid only a monthly compensation. The compensation of Audit & Supervisory Board Members shall consist solely of monthly compensation.
(3) To ensure objectivity, transparency, and validity regarding compensation, the Board of Directors makes its decision following deliberations based on recommendations made by the Nomination and Compensation Committee.
Basic Policy on Compensation
    1 Monthly Compensation
 2 Performance- based
Bonuses
Performance-based bonuses of directors are paid in accordance with the accomplishment of performance indicators designated by the Board of Directors. Currently, net sales and operating income are used as the indicators to emphasize business growth, market expansion, and improvements in the earning power of our core business. These indicators are given a 50-50 weighting, and the basic amount of the performance-based bonus is calculated by multiplying the rank-based amount with a payout rate that fluctuates between 0% and 200% depending on the level of accomplishment of the performance indicators.
In principle, the monthly compensation of Directors and Audit & Supervisory Board Members is a fixed amount paid in accordance with internal rules that are determined by the Directors’ duties and job titles in business execution and as to whether or not the Audit & Supervisory Board Members are full-time.
Regarding monthly compensation, the company has revised the compensation to an appropriate and fair level reflective of its business performance, accomplishment of medium- and long-term business plans, and social situation, among other factors.
    3 Restricted Stock
Compensation System
  Daicel introduced Restricted Stock Compensation System to step up value-sharing with shareholders and motivate directors to contribute more to medium- to long-term improvement in corporate value. The stocks cannot be transferred for a period of 30 years, and the Board of Directors decides on an amount for each eligible individual, which is then divided by the stock price at a certain point to calculate the number of shares to be awarded.
  Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  
Chapter III: Foundation of Value Creation
  Governance
Corporate ethics (compliance)
Corporate ethics (compliance) constitutes one of the foundations upon which we pursue sustainable management. The Daicel Group’s corporate compliance activities are synonymous with practicing the Daicel Group Conduct Policy, which is based on our Basic Philosophy of being “the company making lives better by co-creating value,” as well as each Group company’s Code of Conduct, which have been established to embody the policy.
Risk Management
Daicel recognizes the vital role of risk management and adheres to its Risk Management Regulations so that it responds appropriately to the risks inherent in its corporate activities and minimizes the impact should any such risks materialize.
Overview of Risk Management
Daicel established the Risk Management Committee in 2006 to coordinate and promote risk management for Daicel Corporation and its Group companies. Chaired by the corporate compliance officer and comprising the heads of each support department as members, the committee meets once a year for a regular meeting and convenes extraordinary meetings as needed.
Each organization submits risk activity reports to the committee. During its regular meeting, the committee reviews the progress of risk-related measures based on these reports and an inventory of potential risks, and it provides advice and support as necessary. Risks requiring a Company-wide response are addressed by setting up projects and implementing other measures. Given the business environment and social circumstances surrounding the Daicel Group, some risks require closer scrutiny. These are designated as focus points for the fiscal year, and each organization confirms and reviews their measures against these risks.
The committee reports on its discussions about the focus points for each fiscal year, progress on countermeasures addressing risks that could have major impact on management, focus points for the coming fiscal year, the status of Business Continuity Plans (BCP), and other key issues during the Management Meeting and Board of Directors’ Meeting at the end of each fiscal year.
Strengthening Business Continuity Plans (BCP) Management
Daicel formulates and manages BCP to minimize damage in the event of emergencies such as major disasters or a pandemic caused by a new virus as well as to maintain business operations or at least ensure the early resumption of business operations in the event of such contingencies. The BCPs are revised as necessary.
The Daicel Group includes all stages of a contingency within the scope of its BCP, from “Preparedness” (BCP I) to “Initial contingency response” (BCP II) and “Resumption of operations” (BCP III). We plan and prepare measures to limit any decline in performance associated with a disaster or incurred damage and to quickly resume business.
Daicel also provides the “Guidelines for formulating BCP” to explain the procedures for creating BCP for individual products or products family. The guidelines include plans and information required to maintain or resume business operations for products and production lines. Each business unit applies the guidelines to maintain business operations and ensure the early resumption of business in the event of a disaster or damage. For some products, we conducted disaster response drills across the supply chain from the standpoint of being able to respond accordingly with the BCP requirements for specific products in FY2021/3.
Measures Against the COVID-19 Pandemic
In response to the global spread of COVID-19, we established the Daicel Group Countermeasures Headquarters, headed by the President, on February 5, 2020, followed by local countermeasures headquarters at each business site. Based on information provided by the central government, we have been implementing wide-ranging measures to prevent infections. This is from the perspective of maintaining plant operations and stable continuation of business to ensure the safety and well-being of our employees and their family members while also fulfilling our social responsibility as a manufacturer that supports daily life.
The Daicel Group Countermeasures Headquarters has formulated ‘Guidelines for Measures Against COVID-19’ in accordance with those provided by the government and Keidanren (Japan Business Federation). The Guidelines are regularly updated in response to government policies and the status of infections.
 Promotion System
Daicel has established a Corporate Compliance Program Division under the responsibility of a Senior Managing Executive Officers, to promote its corporate compliance activities
across the entire Group. The head of each Daicel division and Group company appoints a compliance activity facilitator to spearhead corporate compliance activities. Mainly, establishing key objectives and activity plans, and exchanging views with each organization which has internal control perspective are conducted and if any issues which may significantly impact corporate management is identified, it will confirm the facts and promptly report to the corporate compliance officer and the Standing Audit & Supervisory Board members to discuss how to respond.
Education and Training Programs
Corporate Compliance Program Promotion System
Board of Directors/Audit & Supervisory Board
   Top Management Review on Compliance
Submits Activity Plan Reports on Activity Plan
Reports on status of compliance
Reports on content and response to issues reported to the Help Line
Monitors
and supports activities
  Standing Audit & Supervisory Board members
 President
   Officer in charge
President, Daicel Workers’ Union
 Corporate Compliance Program Division
 ・Heads of divisions ・Corporate compliance
activity facilitator
 ・Presidents of Group companies ・Corporate compliance activity
facilitator
   At Daicel Group, we systematically provide corporate compliance training tailored to each position and role for new graduate recruits, recently promoted employees, managers, directors, presidents of Group companies, employees posted to outside of Japan Group companies, and others. Also, we set Compliance Enforcement Period, conduct e-learning regarding contents such as prevention of corruption and anti-competitive behavior, and conduct discussion based on case study of illegal acts.
Compliance Help Line System (Internal Whistleblower System)
In line with the objectives of the Whistleblower Protection Act, Daicel has set up the Compliance Help Line System, through which employees can report compliance-related issues and receive consultation if they are unable to do so using the regular reporting line. In addition to internal contact points, we have set external contact points which allows to report and consult through external institutions and also have made it possible for persons outside the Company to consult us on compliance issues via our corporate website.
Number of Reports and Consultations of Daicel Group which were reported to Corporate Compliance Program Division
52(35) 51(39) 54(25)
0(0) 0(0) 0(0)
0(0) 0(0) 0(0)
Note: Figures in brackets represent the numbers of reports and consultations received from Group companies outside Japan.
Note: Reported cases including those which were not confirmed as fact
   Target user: All employees (including group employees), individuals outside the Company (customers, suppliers, business partners, retired
employees, members of the general public, and others)
Reporting content: Matters that may be in violation of the Daicel Group Conduct Policy (Illegal acts, anti-competitive behavior, corruption, bribery,
human rights violations, harassment, employment environment, environmental pollution, and other compliance violations)
Contact points: (1) Contact points at Daicel Corporation (2) Contact points at Group companies (3) External contact points (consigned to specialized external institutions) (4) Contact points on the
corporate website
 2019/3
2020/3
2021/3
  Reports and consultations
  58 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 59
Management Meeting members
 Including cases that significantly affected management
Not applicable
  Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  
Financial Information / Corporate Information
Financial/Non-Financial Highlights Financial Highlights (Consolidated)
Non-Financial Highlights
Energy Consumption and Intensity Index
Net Sales
(Millions of yen)
EBITDA / ROIC
(Millions of yen)
GHG Emission (Scope 1, 2)
    500,000 400,000 300,000 200,000 100,000
0
464,859
2019/3
94,248 91,379 81,823 16.0
(%)
20 59,371 58,635 15
(1,000 kL) 1,500
1,200 900 600 300 0
(%)
86 100 7978807880
765 767 753 722 695 60 206 226 231 245 218 40
559 541 522 478 477 20
(kt-CO2) 3,000
2,000 1,000 0
440,061
2017/3
462,956
2018/3
412,826
2020/3
393,568
2021/3 (FY)
100,000 75,000 50,000 25,000
0
EBITDA (Left axis)
2,439 444
260
1,735
2,395 490
249 1,656
2,317 498
213 1,605
2,239
520 180
1,539
2020/3
2,131
455 169
1,507
2021/3 (FY)
              9.1 10 6.1
3.8 4.1 5
             Operating Income/Ratio of Operating Income to Net Sales
(Millions of yen)
Net Income Attributable to Owners of the Parent / ROE / ROA
(Millions of yen) (%) 150,000 15
Amount of Industrial Waste Generated and
Number and Frequency Rate*1 of Occupational Accidents
2017/3
2018/3 2019/3
ROIC (Right axis)
2020/3
2021/3 (FY)
0
2017/3 2018/3 2019/3 2020/3 Energy Consumption (Left axis)
Daicel's business sites and Domestic Group companies
Intensity Index Based on FY2010/3 (Right axis)
Daicel's business sites
2021/3 (FY)
Overseas Group companies
0
2017/3 2018/3
2019/3 (reference year)
Recycling Rate
産業廃棄物発生量/再資源化率
Daicel's business sites (including the headquarters)
Domestic Group companies Overseas Group companies
    150,000 100,000 50,000
14.6 15 12.7
12.2
100,000 7.4
50,000 43,198 37,062
2.64 76
43
2017/3 2018/3 2019/3 2020/3 2021/3 (FY)
3
2
(%)
(kt) (%) (Accidents) 250 9393939494100 150
200 162 160 161 18617 80
150 15141714660 100
       11.0 64,306 58,932 51,171
7.2 8.1 10
9.8 6.0
9.1 5.5
35,301
2019/3
6.6 3.2
10 5
13
169 40 50 133 20
1.69 1.41 48 35
1.84 55
1.98 53
        31,723
5
100
50 146 146 145
1 20 17 29 33 28 0
   29,644
0.8 1.3
2020/3
28
18
26
25
 0
Operating Income (Left axis)
0 Ratio of Operating Income to Net Sales (Right axis)
0
2017/3
4,978 19,713 0 2021/3 (FY)
0
2021/3 (FY) Overseas Group companies
0
0
   2017/3
2018/3
2019/3
2020/3
2021/3 (FY)
2018/3
2017/3 2018/3 2019/3
2020/3
Capital Expenditures / Depreciation and Amortization
Net Income Attributable to Owners of the Parent: (Left axis) ROE (Right axis) ROA (Right axis)
Research and Development Expenses
Amount of industrial waste generated (Left axis) Daicel’s business sites and Domestic Group companies
Recycling rate (Right axis)
Daicel’s business sites and Domestic Group companies
Number of Employees
(Regular Employees, Consolidated)
Number of Occupational Accidents (Left axis)
Daciel Group (Including business partners operating on the premises of Daicel’s business sites)
lost workdays without lost workdays Occupational Accident Frequency Rate (Right axis)
Daciel Group (Including business partners operating on the premises of Daicel’s business sites)
Number and Ratio of2Female Employees (Regular Employees* , Non-Consolidated)
(People) (%)
  (Millions of yen) 60,000
(Millions of yen)
    47,568
25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000
5,000 0
20,749
2019/3
21,295
2020/3
219.5
19,540
2021/3 (FY)
49.1
(People) 15,000
10,000 5,000 0
44,694 29,031 31,720
0 2017/3 2018/3
Capital Expenditures
Cash Flows
(Millions of yen)
200,000 150,00086,168
96,275
-34,722 -33,189 -41,095 -45,864 -34,220 20
18,843
2018/3
600 400 200
0
15 10 5
    40,000 39,528 20,000
30,819
39,555 25,830
2021/3 (FY)
16,806
2017/3
11,556
2017/3
12,309
2018/3
12,319
2019/3
11,606 11,142
  30,044
  29,002
9.1 264
2019/3
9.5 281
10.3 303
               2019/3
Depreciation and Amortization
8.3 228
2017/3
8.7 248
2018/3
2020/3
  Cash Dividends per Share / Dividend Payout Ratio
Ratio of Female Managers (Non-Consolidated)
Annual Paid Leave Acquisition Ratio (Non-Consolidated)
2020/3
2021/3 (FY)
2021/3 (FY) 0 Ratio of Female Employees (Right axis)
Number of Female Employees (Left axis)
2020/3
    (Millions of yen)
24.1
(%) (%) 220 4.0
50 3.0
40 2.0 2.1 30 2.0
20 1.0 10
0 0 2017/3 2018/3
3.1
2019/3
3.6
2020/3
3.5
2021/3 (FY)
(%) 100
75 50 25
0
70.6 73.6
2019/3 2020/3
70.5
2021/3 (FY)
      128,290
66,888 80
120,016
58,523 57,193 57,869 60
63.2
2017/3
64.4
2018/3
 100 -19,942 -1,962 -25,636 -47,883 -17,050 40
     100,000 50,000 0 -50,000
80,674
90,747
  29.7
30.4
             2017/3 2018/3
2019/3 2020/3 2021/3 (FY)
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash and cash equivalents at end of fiscal year
0
30 32 32 34 32 2017/3 2018/3 2019/3 2020/3 2021/3 (FY)
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from financing activities
Cash Dividends per Share (Left axis)
Dividend Payout Ratio (Right axis)
60 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 61
*1 Occupational Accident Frequency Rate = (number of people involved in an occupational accident / total actual working hours) × 1 million hours *2 Includes employees seconded to Group subsidiaries and other Group companies.
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  
Financial Information / Corporate Information
Financial Information Consolidated Eleven-Year Summary
As of and for the years ended March 31
Net sales
Net income attributable to owners of the parent
Financial Position
Net assets Interest-bearing debt
Cash Flows
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from financing activities
Per Share Information
Basic net income per share (yen) Cash dividends per share (yen)
Financial Indicators
Ratio of operating income to net sales (%) Rate of earnings on total capital (%) Equity ratio (%)
Total return ratio (%)
Others
Capital expenditures
Research and development expenses
Note: Amortization of goodwill is not included in depreciation and amortization.
Millions of Yen (Except net income per share and other information)
  FY2011/3
2012/3
2013/3
2021/3
    ¥
¥
¥
¥
353,684 16,802
235,336 94,357
53,428 (28,170)
47.22 10.00
9.2
4.0 51.6 21.2
9,912 11,970
¥
¥
¥
¥
341,942 11,827
234,711 83,249
34,000 (25,044)
33.46 10.00
6.0
2.9 54.7 45.2
18,740 12,730
¥
¥
¥
¥
358,513 15,372
262,899 99,224
44,480 5,737
43.71 12.00
7.3
3.6 52.2 27.5
27,217 12,875
¥
¥
¥
¥
413,786 22,843
295,805 105,917
44,777 (4,472)
64.98 15.00
9.2
4.7 52.7 23.1
25,617 13,360
¥
¥
¥
¥
443,775 31,252
356,177 86,981
57,412 (29,230)
88.95 21.00
11.6 5.8 57.3 23.6
30,629 14,031
¥
¥
¥
¥
449,878 40,313
368,720 71,276
65,419 (31,470)
115.02 26.00
14.3 7.2 60.2 32.5
40,256 15,306
¥
¥
¥
¥
440,061 43,198
399,429 72,291
86,168 (19,942)
124.61 30.00
14.6 7.4 61.6 33.3
39,528 16,806
¥
¥
¥
¥
462,956 37,062
413,541 99,743
66,888 (1,962)
107.81 32.00
12.7 6.0 59.8 56.6
30,819 18,843
¥
¥
¥
¥
464,859 35,301
423,243 104,306
58,523 (25,636)
105.38 32.00
11.0 5.5 60.1 67.2
44,694 20,749
¥
¥
¥
¥
412,826 4,978
392,583 92,787
57,193 (47,883)
15.49 34.00
7.2
0.8 60.6 577.3
47,568 21,295
¥
¥
¥
¥
393, 568 19,713
245,000 270,938
57,869 (17,050)
65.18 32.00
8.1
3.2 37.1 91.1
39,555 19,540
Operating income
32,711
20,426
26,196
37,912
51,303
64,349
64,306
58,932
51,171
29,644
31,723
              Total assets
411,071
398,196
461,512
509,834
565,332
560,190
599,708
644,078
654,791
597,992
640,385
             Cash flows from investing activities
(20,141)
(9,190)
(35,312)
(34,984)
(30,283)
(31,407)
(34,722)
(33,189)
(41,095)
(45,864)
(34,220)
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year
33,724
33,435
53,238
62,573
66,737
65,237
96,275
128,290
120,016
80,674
90,747
             Net assets per share (yen)
596.06
618.94
685.11
764.51
922.71
966.36
1,067.63
1,136.32
1,198.77
1,166.56
789.34
             ROE (%)
8.0
5.5
6.7
9.0
10.5
12.2
12.2
9.8
9.1
1.3
6.6
Total asset turnover (times/year)
0.8
0.8
0.8
0.9
0.8
0.8
0.8
0.7
0.7
0.7
0.6
Dividend payout ratio (%)
21.2
29.9
27.5
23.1
23.6
22.6
24.1
29.7
30.4
219.5
49.1
             ¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
¥
Depreciation and amortization
32,786
28,316
24,026
23,669
23,409
23,914
29,031
31,720
30,044
29,002
25,830
Number of employees (at year-end)
 7,747
 8,149
 9,233
 9,700
  10,173
 10,709
 11,556
 12,309
 12,319
 11,606
 11,142
 62 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 63
2014/3
2015/3
2016/3
2017/3
2018/3
2019/3
2020/3
          Operating Results
              Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  
Financial Information / Corporate Information
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Daicel Corporation and Consolidated Subsidiaries March 31, 2021 and 2020
CURRENT ASSETS:
Securities (Notes 4 and 18)
Trade notes
Unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies
Inventories (Note 5) Total current assets
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Notes 6 and 21):
Buildings and structures Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation
Investment securities (Notes 4 and 18)
Deferred tax assets (Note 13)
Other assets
TOTAL
Please see the notes to consolidated financial statements in Financial Section.
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/pdf/library/2021_01.pdf
Millions of Yen
629 2,667 4,013 117,414 298,040
169,092 42,354
(626,975)
57,992
3,444 17,348 ¥ 597,992
709 3,906 3,526 108,659 312,524
173,530 55,082
(639,776)
71,562
1,522 15,272 ¥ 640,385
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
6,387 35,189 31,765
978,909 2,815,531
1,563,333 496,234
(5,763,747)
644,702
13,711 137,585 $ 5,769,234
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
Current portion of long-term borrowings (Notes 7, 8, 18 and 20) Trade notes
Nontrade accounts
Unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies
Provision for environmental measures Total current liabilities
LONG-TERM LIABILITIES:
Retirement benefit liability (Note 9) Asset retirement obligations (Note 10) Other long-term liabilities
Share capital
Common stock, authorized, 1,450,000,000 shares in 2021 and 2020;
issued, 302,942,682 shares in 2021 and 315,942,682 shares in 2020
Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive income: Deferred gains or losses on hedges Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Non-controlling interests
TOTAL
Millions of Yen
10,336 256 15,234 1,599 1,725 106,226
11,055 1,229 6,287
36,275
271,762
(69) 2,009 30,038 ¥ 597,992
5,003 168 13,375 1,420
112,566
8,003 1,268 4,094
36,275
152,816
(27) 4,660 7,148 ¥ 640,385
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
45,072 1,513 120,495 12,792
1,014,108
72,099 11,423 36,882
326,801
1,376,720
(243) 41,981 64,396 $ 5,769,234
    2020/3
2021/3
2021/3
      LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Short-term bank borrowings (Notes 7 and 18)
¥ 6,902
¥ 7,024
$ 63,279
Cash and cash equivalents (Note 18)
¥ 80,674
¥ 90,747
$ 817,540
Payables (Notes 18 and 20):
Receivables (Note 18):
Trade accounts
43,462
48,164
433,909
Trade accounts
76,318
88,369
796,117
Construction
8,781
10,849
97,738
Allowance for doubtful accounts
(66)
(31)
(279)
Income taxes payable (Notes 13 and 18)
2,240
4,582
41,279
Other current assets
 16,389
 16,637
 149,882
 Other current liabilities
 15,687
 21,976
 197,981
 Long-term borrowings (Notes 7, 8, 18 and 20)
72,200
255,572
2,302,450
Land
30,132
30,306
273,027
Provision for environmental measures
547
195
1,756
Machinery and equipment
589,742
600,575
5,410,585
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 13)
7,861
13,684
123,279
 Total
 831,332
 859,496
 7,743,207
 Total long-term liabilities
  99,182
  282,818
  2,547,909
  Net property, plant and equipment
  204,346
  219,720
  1,979,459
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES (Notes 17, 19 and 23)
INVESTMENTS AND OTHER ASSETS:
 Investments in and advances to unconsolidated subsidiaries and associated companies (Note 18)
10,584
12,001
108,117
Retirement benefit asset (Note 9)
6,235
7,781
70,099
Capital surplus
31,692
 Treasury shares
Treasury stock - at cost, 1,609,633 shares in 2021 and 5,160,966 shares in 2020
(5,050)
(1,446)
(13,027)
 Total investments and other assets
  95,605
  108,140
  974,234
  Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
26,582
36,884
332,288
Foreign currency translation adjustments
(656)
8,689
78,279
 Total
 362,545
 237,852
 2,142,810
 Total equity
  392,583
  245,000
  2,207,207
  64 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 65
2020/3
2021/3
2021/3
    ASSETS
        EQUITY (Notes 11 and 26):
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  
Financial Information / Corporate Information
Consolidated Statements of Income
Daicel Corporation and Consolidated Subsidiaries Years Ended March 31, 2021 and 2020
COST OF SALES (Notes 14 and 20)
SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES (Notes 14 and 15)
Interest and dividend income
Share of profit of entities accounted for using equity
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
2,541,765 718,090
16,765
16,081 477
(34,108) 11,864
21,018 202,117
$ 177,594
U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
$ 0.58
Daicel Corporation and Consolidated Subsidiaries Years Ended March 31, 2021 and 2020
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Note 24):
Deferred gains or losses on hedges Remeasurements of defined benefit plans
Total other comprehensive income (loss)
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO:
Non-controlling interests
Please see the notes to consolidated financial statements in Financial Section.
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/pdf/library/2021_01.pdf
Millions of Yen
(155) 116
(9,141)
5,280
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
414 24,261
205,216
28,459
      NET SALES
2020/3
¥ 412,826
301,774 81,406
282,136 79,708
1,861
1,785 53
(3,786) 1,317
2,333 22,435
¥ 19,713
¥ 65.18
46 2,693
22,779
3,159
2021/3
¥ 393,568
2021/3
2020/3
2021/3
2021/3
        $ 3,545,657
NET PROFIT
¥ 11,440
¥ 22,435
$ 202,117
 Gross profit
  111,051
  111,431
  1,003,882
 Valuation difference on available-for-sale securities
(2,528)
10,357
93,306
Foreign currency translation adjustments
(6,089)
8,826
79,513
 Operating profit
  29,644
  31,723
  285,792
 Share of other comprehensive income (loss) of entities accounted for using equity method
 (484)
 854
 7,693
 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES):
1,932 method 1,772
 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
  ¥ 2,299
  ¥ 45,214
  $ 407,333
 Gain on sales of investment securities
2,616
3,182
28,666
Owners of the parent
¥ (2,980)
¥ 42,055
$ 378,873
Interest expense (Note 20)
(1,173)
(1,195)
(10,765)
Foreign exchange gain (loss) Impairment loss (Note 22)
Other income (expenses) – net
INCOME TAXES (Note 13):
Deferred
NET PROFIT
NET PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT
Basic net profit
Please see the notes to consolidated financial statements in Financial Section.
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/pdf/library/2021_01.pdf
(802 (14,757) (12,988)
333 11,440
¥ 4,978
¥ 15.49
Yen
 Loss on retirement of non-current assets
(3,098)
(1,099)
(9,900)
Other – net
 522
 516
 4,648
  PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAXES
  16,656
  33,040
  297,657
 Current
4,882
8,272
74,522
 Total income taxes
  5,215
  10,605
  95,540
  NET PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
  6,462
  2,722
  24,522
    2020/3
2021/3
2021/3
     PER SHARE INFORMATION (Notes 2.s and 16):
 Cash dividends applicable to the year
  32.00
  34.00
  0.30
 66 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 67
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  
Financial Information / Corporate Information
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Daicel Corporation and Consolidated Subsidiaries Years Ended March 31, 2021 and 2020
Profit before income taxes
Income taxes paid
Depreciation
Amortization of goodwill
Increase (decrease) in provision for environmental measures Share of loss (profit) of entities accounted for using equity method
Decrease (increase) in trade receivable Increase (decrease) in trade payable
Net cash provided by operating activities
Net decrease (increase) in time deposits
Purchase of investment securities
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment Loan advances
Other – net
FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Proceeds from long-term borrowings Proceeds from issuance of bonds
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests
Payments from changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in change in scope of consolidation
Net cash used in financing activities
NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR
Please see the notes to consolidated financial statements in Financial Section.
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/pdf/library/2021_01.pdf
Daicel Corporation and Consolidated Subsidiaries Years Ended March 31, 2021 and 2020
Millions of Yen
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1)
Millions of Yen
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
     Number of Shares of Common Stock Outstanding
160,049
232,604
301,333,049
Common Stock
Capital Surplus
Retained Treasury Earnings Stock
4,978
Valuation Difference on Available- for-sale Securities
Deferred
Gains or Losses on Hedges
Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments
Remeasurements of Defined Benefit Plans
Total
4,978
Non- controlling Interests
¥
16,656 (10,459) 29,396
723 (2,992) (1,772)
8,699 (7,885)
57,193 139
(266) 148 (234)
(2,448)
7,231
(4,878)
(47,883)
(39,342) 80,674
¥
33,040 (9,976)
26,323 1,081
(2,077)
(1,785) (10,846)
2,183 57,869 1
(916) 74
(18) (2,427)
88,177 99,542
(6,940)
$
297,657 (89,873)
237,144 9,738
(18,711) (16,081) (97,711) 19,666
521,342 9
(8,252) 666
(162) (21,864)
794,387 896,774
(62,522) (1,507,477) (153,603)
90,747 817,540
Adjustments for:
 BALANCE, APRIL 1, 2019
 328,333,508
¥ 36,275
¥ 31,692
¥ 294,149
¥ (4,344)
¥ 29,024
¥ 13
¥ 4,968
 ¥ 1,817
¥ 393,597
¥ 29,645
¥ 423,243
 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent
Restricted stock awards
Disposal of treasury stock Net change in the year
Net profit attributable to owners of the parent
Restricted stock awards Disposal of treasury stock
Change in ownership interest of parent due to transactions with non- controlling interests (Note 12)
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2021
(24) 181
(0) 00
Total Equity
4,978
157
0 392 (7,566)
19,713
173
(19,110) (167,330)
Income taxes refund
639
3,385
30,495
Cash dividends, ¥32.00 per share
(10,414)
(10,414)
(10,414)
Impairment loss
14,757
3,786
34,108
Repurchase of treasury stock
(17,711,935)
(17,814)
(17,814)
(17,814)
Loss on retirement of non-current assets
3,098
1,099
9,900
Retirement of treasury stock
94
(16,927)
16,927
(2,442)
(83)
(5,625)
157
192 (7,959) 19,713
173
(148,220)
¥ 4,660 ¥ 237,852
Loss (gain) on sales of investment securities
(2,616)
(3,182)
(28,666)
 BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2020
 310,781,761
36,275
31,692
271,762
(5,050)
26,582
(69)
(656)
 2,009
362,545
30,038
392,583
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Cash dividends, ¥34.00 per share
(10,415)
(10,415)
(10,415)
Decrease (increase) in inventories
5,709
11,091
99,918
Repurchase of treasury stock
(9,681,271)
(8,286)
(8,286)
(8,286)
Other – net
 3,239
 3,745
 33,738
 Retirement of treasury stock
(11,681)
11,681
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
   Capital expenditures
(46,313)
(36,790)
(331,441)
Net change in the year
  10,301
42
9,346
2,651
 22,341
(3,780)
18,561
¥ 36,275
Common Stock
(31,692)
Capital Surplus
(285,513)
19,713
(35) 209
(116,527)
¥ 152,816 ¥ (1,446)
Retained Treasury Earnings Stock
177,594
(315) 1,882 (1,049,792)
$1,376,720 $ (13,027)
¥ 36,884
¥ (27)
¥8,689
¥
7,148
¥ 245,000
Total Equity
177,594
Proceeds from sales and redemption of investment securities
4,653
5,048
45,477
  Purchase of shares of subsidiaries and associates
(1,760)
Thousands of U.S. Dollars (Note 1) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
2020/3
2021/3
2021/3
    OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
 Collection of finance receivables
217
809
7,288
 Valuation Difference on Available- for-sale Securities
$ 332,288
Deferred
Gains or Losses on Hedges
Foreign
Currency Remeasurements
Translation of Defined Benefit Total Adjustments Plans
177,594
1,558 (1,335,315) $78,279 $41,981 $2,142,810
Non- controlling Interests
 Net cash used in investing activities
  (45,864)
  (34,220)
  (308,288)
  BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2020
$ 326,801
$ 285,513
$ 2,448,306
$ (45,495)
$ 239,477
$ (621)
$ (5,909)
 $18,099
$ 3,266,171
$ 270,612
$ 3,536,783
 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent
Restricted stock awards
Disposal of treasury stock
Change in ownership interest of parent due to transactions with non-controlling interests (Note 12)
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 2021
1,558 (172,162) (1,507,477)
Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings
(2,581)
(238)
(2,144)
Cash dividends, $0.30 per share
(93,828)
(93,828)
(93,828)
Repayments of long-term borrowings
(18,537)
(10,484)
(94,450)
Repurchase of treasury stock
(74,648)
(74,648)
(74,648)
Dividends paid
(10,410)
(10,415)
(93,828)
Retirement of treasury stock
(105,234)
105,234
Purchase of treasury shares
(17,814)
(8,286)
(74,648)
Net change in the year
 92,801
378
84,198
23,882
 201,270
(34,054)
167,216
$ 326,801
$(243)
$
64,396
$ 2,207,207
(167,330)
  Repayments of lease liabilities
 (892)
 (1,076)
 (9,693)
 Please see the notes to consolidated financial statements in Financial Section.
https://www.daicel.com/en/sustainability/pdf/library/2021_01.pdf
(17,050) 10,073 90,747
 EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGE ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (2,787)
 3,475
 31,306
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR
 120,016
 80,674
 726,792
 ¥
¥
$
 68
DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 69
 Conceptual Framework for Value Creation by the Businesses and Foundation of Financial Information / Daicel Group Values Daicel Group Growth Strategies Value Creation Corporate Information
  
 Financial Information / Corporate Information
Corporate Information Global Network (as of March 31, 2021) Daciel Group Developing Business Globally
393.6
Value Creation by the Daicel Group
Japan
44.4%
Ratio of net sales by area
Businesses and Growth Strategies
Europe
5.6%
North America and Latin America
7.8%
Asia
39.4%
Foundation of Value Creation
Japan
47.1%
Financial Information / Corporate Information
Consolidated net sales
(FY2021/3)
Consolidated operating income
(FY2021/3)
Europe
Number of Group Companies
Ratio of employees by area
billion yen
billion yen
companies
Asia
38.9%
Business sites (Overseas Group companies)
https://www.daicel.com/en/profile/network/foreign.html
Note: Net sales of 5.5 billion yen in other areas
70 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 71
Net sales
Japan
companies
31.7
75
11,142
Number of Group Employees
(Daicel and consolidated Subsidiaries)
7.1%
32.4
8Number of Group Companies
Net sales
companies
28
629
Number of Group Employees
Net sales
billion yen
174.7
Number of Group Employees
Asia
5,252
152.9
billion yen
companies
North America and Latin America
Number of Group Companies
32
Net sales
Number of Group Employees
4,389
Number of Group Companies
Number of Group Employees
Conceptual Framework for Daicel Group Values
Other
1.4%
Europe
8.2%
North America and Latin America
Number of Group Companies
28.1
7
872
billion yen
companies
billion yen

Financial Information / Corporate Information
Company Data (as of March 31, 2021)
Corporate Overview
Independent Third Party Assurance Report
 Corporate Name: Establishment: Capital:
Number of employees:
Status of Stock
Common stock authorized: Issued:
Listing:
Daicel Corporation
September 8, 1919
¥36,275,440,089
11,142 (Consolidated); 2,597 (Non-consolidated)
1,450,000,000 shares
302,942,682 shares
Tokyo Stock Exchange (First Section)
Principal Domestic Locations
Office
■ Osaka Head Office
Grand Front Osaka Tower-B, 3-1, Ofuka-cho, Kita-ku, Osaka 530-0011 Tel: +81-6-7639-7171 Fax: +81-6-7639-7181
■ Tokyo Head Office
JR Shinagawa East Bldg., 2-18-1, Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-8230 Tel: +81-3-6711-8111 Fax: +81-3-6711-8100
■ Tokyo Head Office Satellite
Shinagawa HEART, 1-8-23, Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-0075 Tel: +81-3-6711-8333 Fax: +81-3-6711-8300
■ Nagoya Sales Office
JP Tower Nagoya, 1-1-1, Meieki, Nakamura-ku, Nagoya, Aichi 450-6325 Tel: +81-52-582-8511 Fax: +81-52-582-7943
Training Center
■ H.R. Training Center
14-1, Kouto 3-chome, Kamigori-cho, Akou-gun, Hyogo 678-1205
Innovation Park
1239, Shinzaike, Aboshi-ku, Himeji-shi, Hyogo 671-1283
Plant
■ Himeji Production Sector/Aboshi Plant
1239, Shinzaike, Aboshi-ku, Himeji-shi, Hyogo 671-1281
■ Himeji Production Sector/Hirohata Plant
12, Fuji-cho, Hirohata-ku, Himeji-shi, Hyogo 671-1123
■ Harima Plant 805, Umaba, Ibogawa-cho, Tatsuno-shi, Hyogo 671-1681 ■ Arai Plant 1-1, Shinko-cho, Myoko-shi, Niigata 944-8550
■ Ohtake Plant 1-4, Higashisakae 2-chome, Otake-shi, Hiroshima 739-0695 ■ Kanzaki Plant 12-1, Kanzaki-cho, Amagasaki-shi, Hyogo 661-0964Shareholder registry administrator:
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited 1-4-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, JapanNumber of shareholders: Accounting auditor:
23,779
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLCStock Information
Stock Price Range
(Yen) 2,000
1,600 1,200 800 400
Stock price range (Left axis)
Trading volume (Right axis)
(Thousand shares) 200,000
160,000
120,000
80,000
40,000
     Shareholder Composition (as of March 31, 2021) Thousand %
■ Financial institutions
■ Securities companies
■ Other domestic corporations ■ Foreign investors
■ Individual & other investor
Top 10 Shareholders (as of March 31, 2021) The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
NORTHERN TRUST CO. (AVFC) RE SILCHESTER INTERNATIONAL INVESTORS INTERNATIONAL VALUE EQUITY TRUST
Nippon Life Insurance Company
Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account)
NORTHERN TRUST CO. (AVFC) RE U.S. TAX EXEMPTED PENSION FUNDS FUJIFILM Holdings Corporation
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
MISAKI ENGAGEMENT MASTER FUND
MUFG Bank, Ltd
NORTHERN TRUST CO. (AVFC) SUB A/C NON TREATY
Thousand Distribution of shares shares issued and outstanding (%)
23,478 7.79 18,168 6.02
17,402 5.77 14,349 4.76 10,351 3.43
8,390 2.78 7,096 2.35 6,687 2.21 6,503 2.15 6,346 2.10
00
19/4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 20/1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 21/1 2 3
 shares
111,404 36.8
      8,403 2.8 24,502 8.1 115,549 38.1 43,082 14.2
                        72 DAICEL REPORT 2021
DAICEL REPORT 2021 73