In its Sustainability Management Policy, the Daicel Group clearly states its commitment to realizing a sustainable society and expanding business by promoting “human-centered management” that enables diverse employees to grow while establishing their own presence and achieving fulfillment. In this regard, it is creating a workplace environment that supports diversified human resources and in which each employee can fully demonstrate their talents.

Promoting Diversity with the WellBe Project, Launched in January 2020
WellBe comprises volunteers from each Daicel department, with the company’s President and CEO serving as lead supporter. Aimed at making employees happier, the project organizes special events and training sessions to raise their awareness about certain issues. The Human Resources Division collaborates with the project to introduce new workstyles and develop initiatives to improve the working environment. One project catchphrase for FY2021/3 was “Home katsu no ohitashi-zoe de arigato,” a play on words in Japanese meaning “offer praise, refrain from scolding, offer help, declare support and express gratitude.” By encouraging employees to practice these through online seminars, the corporate intranet, and employee surveys, the project fosters a corporate culture of mutual respect within a diverse workforce.
 Advancing Women in the Workplace
Daicel promotes diversity with a focus on advancing female employees. We support the career development of motivated women through measures such as seminars for developing female leaders while also cultivating an environment that supports a healthy balance between work and personal life by, for example, introducing a telework system and raising the annual paid leave acquisition ratio. These efforts help to create workplace settings and systems for a diverse group of employees including women in order to fully demonstrate their talents. In April 2021, Daicel Corporation updated its five-year action plan and set new targets.
Action Plan (Daicel Corporation, April 2021 through March 2026)
 Target 1 Target 2
Target 3 Target 4
Maintain at least two female directors, including executive officers (one female director as of April 2021)
Aim: Maintain and improve corporate governance by incorporating diverse perspectives at every level of the corporate workforce.
Increase the ratio of women in management positions to at least 10% (4% as of April 2021)
Aim: Seek gender equality in management positions to become an organization capable of meeting diversifying customer needs by incorporating and sharing diverse perspectives and opinions.
Raise the ratio of women in positions immediately under section managers to 15% or higher (10% as of April 2021)
Aim: Bring the company-wide gender ratio closer to equal and develop a working environment in which everyone can work with vigor.
Ensure that all employees take a five-day holiday once a year using paid leave and designated national holidays.
Aim: Support employees in leading meaningful lives and having good physical and mental health through well-planned long holidays.
 Promoting Employment of Persons with Disabilities
Achieving the statutory employment rate of persons with disabilities in the total workforce is a corporate social responsibility. Daicel systematically strives to hire persons with disabilities so they can contribute as members of society and leverage their capabilities to the greatest extent possible. As of June 1, 2021, the rate of persons with disabilities was 2.43% (non-consolidated). To ensure that each individual can contribute in the best possible way at each work site, we pay the utmost attention to assigning suitable jobs according to the degree of disability. In FY2021/3, we sought the cooperation of the public employment security office and held an online seminar on cultivating supporters for persons with mental and developmental disorders. We are developing a disability- confident workplace by deepening understanding among their colleagues.