    Environmental Report Growth of the Daicel Group and value co-creation Response to Climate Change
The Daicel Group designated its medium- to long-term targets for reducing GHG emissions under its Basic Policies on Responsible Care with the goal of realizing a carbon neutral society. We will seek to reduce GHG emissions for the Group and throughout our cross- value chain following a fundamental review of our production processes. We will also embrace new technologies and renewable energy while switching fuels and optimizing energy consumption.

To achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, we designated a medium-term target of reducing GHG emissions by 50%, compared to FY2019/3 levels, by 2030. We decided on this target after referencing the level of reductions required to maintain the global rise in temperature below 1.5°C from Pre-Industrial Revolution levels, as laid out by the Paris Agreement, and to adhere to the framework of the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).To achieve this medium-term target, we will further develop the energy-saving initiatives we have been undertaking, for GHG emission reductions.Bolstering our Structure for Promoting GHG Emission Reductions
To bolster our group-wide initiatives for saving energy and reducing GHG emissions, we established the Energy Strategy Committee in July 2020, which reports directly to the president, by expanding the scope of the Energy Saving Promotion Committee. The Energy Strategy Committee is chaired by the officer responsible for the Production Management Headquarters, with membership comprising the heads of our production, energy, and other corporate departments in Japan. The committee promotes energy savings and also constructs a circular process for the entire Group that is in harmony with the global environment to achieve the GHG emission reduction target, from the three aspects of GHG emissions in the current production process, the Energy Department, and innovative technology.

The Daicel Group’s GHG emissions for FY2021/3 decreased by 5% year-on-year to 2,131 kt-CO2 due to initiatives such as improving the tire-derived fuel ratio at the Ohtake Plant and shifting to highly efficient boilers at Polyplastics Asia Pacific Sdn. Bhd.