
At the Daicel Group, we recognize that, in order to progress and grow in tandem with society, it is imperative that we respect the human rights of anyone and everyone involved in or connected to us through our business activities. To fulfill this responsibility, the Daicel Group establishes the Daicel Group Human Rights Policy.
Human Rights Due Diligence
Under its Human Rights Policy, the Daicel Group has stated a commitment to support the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and consistently implement human rights due diligence in accordance with the Guiding Principles.
Initiatives for Group Companies
Daicel has been conducting risk assessments on human rights for Group companies both in and outside of Japan since FY2020/3. We are committed to pursuing initiatives for ensuring human rights due diligence at 100% of our major Group companies.

The Daicel Group promotes initiatives that ensure respect for human rights across its supply chain by addressing issues concerning human rights and labor practices in the Daicel Group CSR Purchasing Guidelines, in addition to its Human Rights Policy. We ask major suppliers to fill in a Self-Assessment-Questionnaire (SAQ) on CSR procurement, which includes assessment items concerning human rights and labor practices to identify human rights risks in our supply chain.

In FY2021/3, we implemented human rights education and training along with other topics through e-learning for Daicel Corporation and Group companies in Japan. We also distributed the educational materials on corporate ethics each month throughout the Daicel Group. These materials include content related to human rights, such as harassment based on sexual orientation and gender identity (SOGI) and working with persons with different backgrounds. Moreover, we invited a lecturer who identifies as LGBT and held human rights education on LGBT specific issues for Directors of Daicel Corporation and Group companies in Japan. The video of this lecture was shared with all Group companies in Japan. By using the film, each department implemented human rights education.
In July, 2021, we implemented e-learning dedicated to human rights. This program began by explaining the basic idea of respecting human rights and provided information on the key global issues of forced labor, child labor and human trafficking. The program also provided an opportunity for learning about the Human Rights Policy and about specific human rights issues arising from the COVID-19 pandemic.