In its purchasing activities, the Daicel Group carefully evaluates quality, pricing, and delivery dates while also considering social impact, in such areas as the environment, human rights, and the labor force. We have established our views on purchasing in the Basic Purchasing Policy and the Daicel Group CSR Purchasing Guidelines, and we seek compliance from our suppliers as we work together toward realizing a sustainable society in an effort that extends across the entire supply chain.
System for Promoting Sustainable Procurement
In FY2021/3, the Daicel Group established a Procurement Subcommittee under the Sustainable Management Committee for promoting sustainable procurement with a sense of unity throughout the Group. The subcommittee comprises individuals charged with supervising procurement from the Raw Materials Purchasing Center, Corporate Sustainability Division, SBUs, and major Group companies and meets periodically to engage in discussions encompassing the entire Group in regard to procurement operations that had been conducted by each business site or Group company in the past. The subcommittee met five times in FY2021/3.
Initiatives for Sustainable Procurement
Selection Process for New Suppliers
When initiating transactions for purchasing major raw materials and fuels from a new supplier, we confirm the status of the supplier’s initiatives on realizing a sustainable society, according to the content of the transaction. Specifically, we examine the supplier’s activities across a wide range of areas, including items related to quality assurance and stable supply, corporate governance, fair trade, human rights, labor conditions, health and safety, business management, contribution to local communities, information security, and promotion of CSR, and expansion of initiatives across the supply chain. We plan to conduct a comprehensive assessment based on the results and use them as criteria for deciding whether to initiate business with a supplier.
Self-Assessment-Questionnaire (SAQ) on CSR Procurement
To assess the sustainability initiatives of suppliers, the Daicel Group created an SAQ by referring to the SAQ created by the UN Global Compact Network Japan. We seek to raise awareness among suppliers and reduce environmental and social risks by using our SAQ to periodically assess such risks and by offering feedback.

Result of Self-Assessment Questionnaire on CSR Procurement
In FY2021/3, we conducted an SAQ targeting 797 major suppliers of the Daicel Group, accounting for over 85% of total procurement, and received responses from 664 companies, an 83% response rate. For the 173 companies that were deemed to be lacking, we will confirm the issues with each supplier and support improvement efforts. We value communicating with our suppliers and will work together to develop a sustainable supply chain.