Health Management
Our company strives to create workplaces conducive to the maintenance of employees’ good health, both physical and mental. Our employee health management activities are primarily based on the results of regularly scheduled health checks. In particular, employees over 30 years old are entitled to receive cancer screening (stomach and colon) and those over 40 years old can receive abdominal ultrasonography as well. We offered health guidance to employees to help prevent lifestyle diseases such as diabetes, hypertension and dyslipidemia. By ensuring that employees properly understand the results of health checks and receive timely diagnoses and guidance from in-house and external industrial physicians and other medical staff, the Company is contributing to the prevention or amelioration of lifestyle diseases. In addition, employees engaged in work that involves use of organic solvents and specified chemical substances receive special health checkups twice a year for early detection and prevention of health problems attributable to occupational diseases. We also provide opportunities for employees to receive health consultations at their own discretion with industrial medical staff who offer advice on physical and mental health issues. In order to promote health, we are strengthening employee education based on the
understanding that it is important for individual employees to be aware of prevention. With regard to mental health, for which detection at an early stage is deemed as important, education is provided to all employees and proves useful in the acquisition and enhancement of their knowledge. Furthermore, consultations with physicians are arranged once a year for employees who wish to undergo a stress check. The necessary measures are implemented based on the results of the examination, and efforts are made to improve the workplace environment based on the results of a group analysis. For employees suffering from mental health issues, measures are put in place in line with a support program designed to help them return to work and to prevent relapses through the concerted effort of their superiors, people in charge of labor affairs, industrial physicians, and healthcare staff.
We set up a special feature page in our company newsletter authored by our head industrial physician that provides seasonal and event-based health information useful for employees and their families to maintain and improve their health. The special feature on infectious diseases (influenza and norovirus) covered how to prevent them and what to do if an employee actually caught one to make this important information known to all employees.
 TOPIC
Health Instruction with the Head Industrial Physician
As a part of the Data Health Plan, health classes are conducted with the aim of preventing serious illnesses, and to raise awareness among employees about health and improving their lifestyle habits. Employees performed exercises to release the physical stiffness in their bodies that occurs while working, such as aerobics and myofascial release through the use of stretch balls, at each business site. In addition, the employees were able to check on their own current physical condition through the introduction of sphygmomanometers and measurements of advanced glycation end products (AGES) in their bodies. A total of 285 employees across the entire company attended these classes, and many opinions were received from the participants to the effect that they would like to continue working on this.
Labor-Management Relations
Health Class
    We recognize that pleasant and satisfying working environments contribute to the development of the company, and therefore, good labor-management relations and the collaboration they engender are essential ingredients of such working environments. Currently, 100% of general employees from Sumitomo Bakelite and its domestic group companies are members of the Sumitomo Bakelite Union (hereafter, “the Union”). 54.1% of all employees are covered by the company’s collective bargaining agreement. Corporate-level meetings of the company’s senior executives and representatives of the Union are held twice a year at the head office. These meetings are valuable opportunities to cultivate favorable labor-management relationships by sharing frank views on the business environment and the Company’s operations. Major business sites also hold monthly labor-management meetings at which information about conditions in each department is shared. As for health and safety, we aim for creating safe and comfortable
workplaces through labor-management collaboration based on the provisions of the labor agreement. As part of this effort, we hold annual labor-management meetings on occupational health and safety by bringing the persons in charge of safety from the Union across Japan, to deepen mutual understanding through a frank exchange of opinions. We also recognize that occupational health and safety is an important theme to monitor between labor and management. At Sumitomo Bakelite along with its subsidiaries and affiliates with a labor union, provisions on health and safety are included in the labor agreements that establishes a formal agreement between the company and its labor union.
We are also putting effort into developing good labor-management relations at our overseas business sites. Currently, 15 out of 25 overseas business sites have labor unions; of these, 17 have concluded labor agreements, while 14 have established arrangements on safety and health.
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020
68