Corporate Governance Basic Approach to Corporate Governance
As a pioneer in plastics, we bring “delight” to customers through the creation of new advanced functions from plastics and through the use of its products, with the goal of contributing to value creation for customers and various other stakeholders. For this reason it is important to earn the trust
Management System
Board of Directors
We are a company with a Board of Corporate Auditors. As of June 24, 2020, ten Directors (of which two are Outside Directors) and four Corporate Auditors (of which two are Outside Corporate Auditors) had been appointed. The Board of Directors is chaired by the Chairman, Representative Director. At its monthly meetings, the Board of Directors renders decisions on important operational matters and receives monthly performance reports and reports on progress
Board of Corporate Auditors
The Board of Corporate Auditors is comprised of two Standing Corporate Auditors and two Outside Corporate Auditors who serve part-time and maintain their independence. This is supplemented by one assistant of auditors who serves in another position concurrently that assists with the activities of the Board of Corporate Advisors and the Corporate Auditors. Meetings of this board are held on a monthly basis ahead of meetings of the Board of Directors, and also on an extraordinary basis as needed (they are held for a length of approximately one hour on average). In addition, the Board of Corporate Auditors considers hypothetical risks, and then decides upon auditing policies, rules, criteria, annual audit plans, and so forth on the basis of this. It also receives reports from each Corporate Auditor on the status of audits with respect to priority matters for the audits.
What is more, the Board of Corporate Auditors and KPMG AZSA LLC consult with one another and exchange information
Executive Officer Structure and Executive Officers' Meeting
In addition, we have adopted an Executive Officer structure, in which Executive Officers, who are appointed by the Board of Directors, are responsible for executing their assigned tasks under the direction of the President based on the policies approved by the Board of Directors. As of June 24, 2020, 16 Executive Officers (including six who serve concurrently as Directors) had been appointed.
Executive Officers' meetings, which are comprised of Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Auditors are held
of society and be needed by society, and therefore, we are establishing efficient and effective structures for achieving management that are highly compatible with society and the environment and for addressing risks facing management, including rigorous compliance.
regarding important operational matters from each of the Directors. The chair also holds hearings on the opinions of and reports from Corporate Auditors to ensure that thorough discussions are carried out. In the case of conflicts of interest involving any Director, potential conflicts of interest are required to be reported in advance to the Board of Directors to obtain its approval, with reports to be given on the propriety of this after the fact.
over the annual audit plans, risk assessments, points at issue with the audits, the progress of the audits, and other such matters. Standing Corporate Auditors work to deepen reciprocal partnerships and ensure the reliability of accounting audits through efforts like reviewing the audits of business sites and the like subject to accounting audits, being present for onsite audits, and more.
In addition, Standing Corporate Auditors perform audit reviews on internal audits, are present for onsite audits, and exchange information and opinions with one another at regular meetings (held quarterly), and also report the circumstances of these to the Board of Corporate Auditors where appropriate. In addition, the Board of Corporate Auditors maintains close coordination with the Internal Audit Department, such as by holding sessions to exchange information with said department, which performs internal audits with the involvement of Outside Corporate Auditors.
once a month. Here, notification is provided of the policies and important matters decided by the Board of Directors, performance reports and reports on the implementation status of operational matters are given by each Executive Officer, and reviews of and information on important matters are shared. As of June 24, 2020, all 24 of our officers, who are Directors, Corporate Auditors, and Executive Officers, were over the age of 50, and included 23 men and one woman, with a female board member ratio of 4%.
 Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020
75
 Message from the President
 Value Creation
 Business Strategy
 Environment
 Social
 Governance
 Data
Outside Directors and Outside Corporate Auditors
Regarding the appointment of Outside Directors and Outside Corporate Auditors, we request that these positions be taken up by people who can be expected to offer valuable advice based on their opinions and experience as third parties as a result of their having managed companies or their practical experience, expert knowledge, and so forth.
Outside Director Hiroyuki Abe has expertise, considerable experience and wide range of insight as a university professor and has provided appropriate opinions and valuable advice from an objective standpoint as Outside director.
Outside Director Kazuo Matsuda has considerable experience and wide range of insight that he cultivated at a financial institution as well as business companies as a management executive and has provided appropriate opinions and valuable advice from an objective standpoint as Outside director. Outside Corporate Auditor Kazuhiko Yamagishi has an expert viewpoint as a lawyer and wide-ranging views related to management, which he brings to bear in auditing our company. Outside Corporate Auditor Etsuko Nagashima has an expert viewpoint as a Certified Public Accountant and wide-ranging
▶ Structure of Corporate Governance (as of June 24, 2020)
Auditing
views related to financial matters and accounting, which she brings to bear in auditing our company.
We have established the Criteria for Independence of Directors and Corporate Auditors through a resolution of the Board of Directors, and has determined that the aforementioned Outside Directors and Outside Corporate Auditors are independent pursuant to said criteria. In addition, they have been submitted as independent officers as stipulated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
We have also established the Outside Officer's Meeting which consists of Outside Directors, Outside Corporate Auditors, the Director Overseeing the Corporate General Affairs Division, and Standing Corporate Auditors. At the Outside Officers' Meeting account settlement information on the company is shared, introductions to the company's businesses are provided from the executive officers in charge of each segment, and advance explanations of agenda items for meetings of the Board of Directors are provided. This is done in an effort to share information and awareness concerning the company between Outside Directors and Outside Corporate Auditors.
 Management oversight
Election
Shareholders’ Meeting
Election Election
    Accounting Auditor Auditing Firm
Board of Corporate Auditors
Standing Corporate Auditors Outside Corporate Auditors
Board meetings (Chair: Chairperson) Directors / Outside Directors
    Execution of duties, internal audits, Cooperation Direction/Instructions and risk manageme
    Internal Audits and Risk Management
Appointment and Remuneration Advisory Committee
The Appointment and Remuneration Advisory Committee has been established to take part in making decisions regarding the appointment of Directors and the amount of their remuneration. It is a voluntary committee that consists
the Representative Director, as well as the total annual amount
and individual amount and indivisual amount of monthly
remuneration and bonuses paid to Directors. It then reports
its findings to the Board of Directors based on the results of
these deliberations. As of June 24, 2020, the Committee was
chaired by Representative Director Shigeru Hayashi, and its
of Independent Outside Directors (this refers to those Outside
コンプライアンス委員会 事業所
Directors for whom notification has been submitted to the
Tokyo Stock Exc委h員an長ge of their position as independent
officers) and the Representative Directors. This Committee
委員 幹事(総務本部)
members included Representative Director Kazuhiko Fujiwara
副委員長
and Independent Outside Directors Hiroyuki Abe and Kazuo
holds deliberations over candidates of Director submitted by
Matsuda.
従業員
社外窓口
弁護士
Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020
76
Cooperation
コンプライアンス委員会
社内窓口
Monitoring/Supervision Supervision
President
  Internal Auditing Departments (Internal Audit Dept., etc.)
Risk Management Committee
Compliance Committee
Execution
of Dutie Instructions
Direction/
  Exchange of information
  Executive Officers
Executive Officers’ Meeting Directors Corporate Auditors Executive Officers
監査室長

 Message from the President
 Value Creation
 Business Strategy
 Environment
 Social
 Governance
 Data
Executive Remuneration
The remuneration of Directors consists of monthly base pay and a bonus. The monthly base pay is fixed based on one’s job title, while the amount of the bonus is determined according to the Company’s consolidated business performance during the fiscal year, in order to raise Directors’ motivation to achieve the fiscal year business plan. The annual amount of the monthly base pay and bonus is determined within the total amount of remuneration approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting. The individual amounts of monthly remuneration paid to each position of Representative Director / Chairperson, as well as President, Senior Managing Executive Officer, Managing Executive Officer, and Executive Officer serving concurrently as Directors are set. Decisions on the amount of monthly remuneration paid to each individual Director are entrusted to the Representative Directors at the Board of Directors, with said decisions being based on the aforementioned payment criteria. The net amount to be paid for bonuses is calculated by multiplying a fixed multiplier against business profits, and the amount paid to each individual is
calculated by multiplying a fixed multiplier determined according to the person’s title. The net amount to be paid for bonuses is determined by the Board of Directors, allocations are entrusted to the Representative Directors, and decisions on these are made in accordance with the aforementioned payment criteria. Non-executive Outside Directors are only paid monthly base pay. The remuneration of Corporate Auditors consists of base pay (monthly pay). The net amount and the amounts paid to each individual are determined by consultations with the Corporate Auditors within the total amount of remuneration approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting.
Remuneration for executive officers in fiscal 2019 comprised a total of ¥370 million (base pay of ¥300 million and bonus of ¥70 million) for seven Directors (excluding Outside Directors), a total of ¥54 million (base pay of ¥54 million) for three Corporate Auditors (excluding Outside Corporate Auditors), and a total of ¥58 million (base pay of ¥58 million) for six Outside Officers.
Analyzing and Evaluating the Effectiveness of the Board of Directors
We conduct questionnaires regarding matters like the management of the Board of Directors on each Director and Corporate Auditor, then analyze and evaluate the effectiveness of the Board of Directors based on the results of these questionnaires.
The results of the questionnaires are discussed by the Management Committee comprised of standing Directors, as well as the Board of Outside Executive Officers, with summaries provided to the Board of Directors.
Internal Control
We have systems in place for ensuring appropriate operations in accordance with our Business Philosophy. In accordance with our Basic Policy on Internal Control Systems drawn up by the Board of Directors in May 2006, we periodically review the systems and promote various activities to enhance internal control.
With respect to internal control over financial reporting, based on our Basic Rules and Regulations for Internal Control over Financial Reporting, we endeavor to enhance systems for ensuring the reliability of our financial reporting, appropriately operate internal control systems in terms of implementation, assessment, reporting, and correction, and ensure appropriate and timely disclosure of corporate information. The
In fiscal 2019, a questionnaire was conducted from February to March 2020 on opinions regarding the contents of the reports for the Board of Directors raised in the evaluations from the previous fiscal year, as well as other matters deemed to be in need of improvement. Based on the opinions submitted through this questionnaire, we have resolved to continue considering and implementing measures to improve the effectiveness of the Board of Directors in order to invigorate the discussions held there in an ongoing manner.
Comprehensive Guidelines for Internal Control in Consolidated Subsidiaries covers the items that subsidiaries are required to address in establishing their internal control systems and in their subsequent ongoing implementation of control activities. The internal control over our financial reporting as of March 31, 2020 was assessed and deemed to be effective by Internal Auditing Departments. In addition, as a result of the accounting auditor’s audit, it was confirmed that the internal control report presents fairly the result of assessments of internal control over financial reporting.Sumitomo Bakelite Co., Ltd. Integrated Report 2020
77